1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1911
But ■why do I say sacrificed his life? Has
he not gone rather to the eternal life beyond
those ''beautiful gates" which shone upon his
fading vision with unearthly splendor, into the
everlasting tabernacles of light and love, to
dwell forever with his God? Standing by the
side of that dying statesman, witnessing with
what composure he consciously drew near his
dissolution; hearing him pronounce the vanity
and emptiness of titled honors when present
with death, and yet kindle into exultation and
triumph as he spoke of his infinite hope in a
redeemed resurrection ; humbly partaking with
him of that last sacrament that sealed him to
the church and bidding him a farewell full of
sympathy to me, full of joy to him, I cannot
think we have any right to mourn here to-day.
Let us, then, Mr. President, cherish the ex-
ample of that life which he led as worthy to be
our guide in performing those high trusts com-
mitted to our charge, and let us deal with the
memory of him who has passed from our midst,
not as a memory draped with the signs of
mourning, but bright and beautiful and glo-
rious, fit to be crowned with music and with
flowers, not with elegiac responses.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, there is a
truce in this Chamber. The antagonism of
debate is hushed. The echoes of conflict have
died away. The white flag is flying. From
opposite camps we come together to bury the
dead. It is a Senator that we bury, not a
soldier.
This is the second time during the present
session that we have been called to mourn a
distinguished Senator from Vermont. It was
much to bear such a loss once. Its renewal
now after so brief a period is a calamity with-
out precedent in the history of the Senate.
No State before has ever lost two Senators so
near together.
Mr. Foot at his death was the oldest Senator
in continuous service. He entered the Senate
in the same Congress with the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Wadu] and myself; but he was
sworn in at the called session in March, while
the two others were not sworn in till the suc-
ceeding December. During this considerable
space of time I have -been the constant witness
to his life and conversation. It is with a senti-
ment of gratitude that I look back upon our
relations, never front the beginning impaired
or darkened by any difference. For one brief
moment lie seemed disturbed by something that
fell from me in the unconscious intensity of my
convictions, but it was for a brief moment only,
and he took my hand with a genial grasp. I
make haste also to declare my sense of his per-
sonal purity and his incorruptible nature. Such
elements of character, exhibited and proved
throughout a long service, render him an ex-
ample for all. Tie is gone, but these _ virtues
"smell sweet and blossom in the dust."
He was excellent in judgment. He was ex-
cellent also in speech, so that whenever he
spoke the wonder was that he who spoke so
well should speak so rarely. He was full,
clear, direct, emphatic, and never was diverted
from the thread of his argument. Had he been
moved to mingle actively in debate, he must
have exerted a commanding influence over opin-
ion in the Senate and in the country . How often
we have watched him tranquil in his seat while
others without his experience or weight occupied
attention. The reticence which was a part of
his nature formed a contrast to that prevailing
effusion where sometimes the facility of specch
is less remarkable than the inability to keep
silent; and again, it formed a contrast to that
controversial spirit which too often, like an
unwelcome wind, puts out the lights while it
fans a flame. And yet in his treatment of ques-
tions he was never incomplete or perfunctory.
If he did not say with the orator and parliamen-
tarian of France, the lamous founder of the
Docirinaivc school of politics, M. Royer Col-
lard, that he had too much respect for his au-
dience ever to ask attention to anything which
he had not first reduced to writing, it was e\i-
dent that be never epoke in the faeuate without
careful preparation. You do not forget his
commemoration of his late colleague, only a
few short weeks ago, when he delivered a Fu-
neral Oration not unworthy of the French school
from which this form of eloquence is derived.
Alas! as we listened to that most elaborate
eulogy, shaped by study and penetrated by feel-
ing, how little did we think that it was so soon
to be echoed back from his own tomb.
It was not in our debates only that this self-
abnegation showed itself. He quietly with-
drew from places of importance on committees
to which he was entitled, and which he would
have filled with honor. More than once I have
known him to insist that another should take the
position assigned to himself. He was far from
that nature which Lord Bacon exposes in pun-
gent humor, when he speaks of " extreme self-
lovers, who would burn a house in order to
roast their eggs." And yet, it must not be
disguised that he was happy in the office of
Senator. It was to him as much as his " duke-
dom' ' to Prospero. He felt its honors and con-
fessed its duties. But he was content. He
desired nothing more. Perhaps no person ap-
preciated so thoroughly what it was to bear the
commission of a State in this Chamber. Surely
no person appreciated so thoroughly all the
dignities which belong to 'the Senate. Of its
ceremonial he was the admitted arbiter.
There was no jealousy, envy, or uncharita-
bleness in him. He enjoyed what others did
and praised generously. He knew that his own
just position could not be disturbed by the
success of another. Whatever another may
be, whether more or less, a man must always
be himself. A true man is a positive, and not
a relative quantity. Properly inspired, he will
know that in a just sense nobody can stand in
the way of another. And here let me add that,
in proportion as this truth enters into prac-
tical life, we shall all become associates and
coadjutors rather than rivals. How plain that,
in the infinite diversity of character and talent,
there is a place for every one. This world is
wide enough for all its inhabitants; this Re-
public is grand enough for all its people. Let
every one serve in his place according to the
faculties that have been given to him.
In the long warfare with slavery Mr. Foot
was from the beginning firmly and constantly
on the side of Freedom. He was against the
deadly compromises of 1850. He linked his
shield in the small but solid phalanx of the
Senate which opposed the Nebraska Bill. He
was faithful in the defense of Kansas, menaced
by slavery. And when at last this barbarous
rebel took up arms he accepted the issue and
did all that h e could for his country. But even
the cause which for years he had so much at
heart did not lead him into debate, except very
rarely. His opinions appeared in votes rather
than in speeches. But his sympathies were
easily known. I do not forget that when I first
came into the Senate, and was not yet personally
familiar with him, I was assured by Mr. Gid-
dings, who knew him well, that he belonged to
the small cirelc who would stand by Freedom,
and the anti-slavery patriarch added pleas-
antly that Mr. Foot, on his earliest visit to the
House of Representatives after he became Sen-
ator, drew attention by coming directly to his
seat and sitting by his side in friendly conver-
sation. Mr. Foot by the side of Joshua R.
Giddings, in those days when slavery still tyr-
annized. is n picture not to be forgotten. If
our departed friend is not to be named _ among
those who have borne the burden of this great
controversy, he must not be forgotten among
those whose sympathies with Liberty never
failed. Would that he had done more. Let
us be thankful that he did so much.
There is a part on the stage known as the
"walking gentleman," who has very little to
say but who always appears well. Mr. Foot
might seem, at limes, to have adopted this part,
if we were not constantly reminded of his watch-
fulness in everything concerning the course of
business and the administration of Parliamen-
tary Law. Here he excelled and was the mas-
ter of us all. The division of labor, which is
the lesson of political economy, is also the les •
son of public life. All cannot do all things.
Some do one thing, others do another thing;
each according to his gifts. This diversity pro-
duces harmony.
The office of President pro tempore among
us grows out of the anomalous relations of the
Vice President to the Senate. There is no such
officer in the other House, nor was there in the
House of Commons until very recently, when
we read of a " Deputy Speaker," which is the
term by which he is addressed when in the
chair. No ordinary talent can guide and con-
trol a legislative assembly, especially if it be
numerous or if it be excited by party differences.
A good presiding officer is like Alexander
mounting Bucephalus. The assembly knows
its master " as a horse knows its rider.'' This
was preeminently the case of Mr. Foot, who
was often in the chair, and was for a consider-
able period our President pro tempore. Here
he showed a special adaptation and power. He
was in person " every inch" a Prescient; so
also was he m every sound of the voice. He
carried into the chair the most marked indi-
viduality that has been seen there during this
generation. He was unlike any other presiding
officer. None but himself could be his parallel.
His presence was felt instantly. It filled this
Chamber from floor to gallery. It attached
itself to everything that was done. Vigor and
dispatch prevailed. Questions were stated so
as to challenge attention. Impartial justice
was manifest at once. Business in every form
was handled with equal ease. Order was en-
forced with no timorous authority. If disturb-
ance came from the gallery how promptly he
launched his fulmination. If it came from the
floor you have often seen him throw himself
back, and then with voice of lordship, as if all
the Senate was in him, insist that debate should
be suspended until order was restored. "The
Senate must come to order," he exclaimed ; and
meanwhile, like the god'fhor, he beat with his
ivoy hammer in unison with his voice, until
the reverberations rattled like thunder in the
mountains.
The late Duke de Morny, who was the accom-
plished President of the Legislative Assembly
of France, in a sitting shortly before his death,
after sounding his crier's bell, which is the sub-
stitute for the hammer among us, exclaimed
from the cliair, "I shall be obliged to men-
tion by name the members whom I find convers-
ing. I declare to you that I shall do so, and
I shall have it put in the Moniieur. You are
here to discuss and to listen, not to converse.
I promise you that I will do what I say to the
very first I catch talking.'' Possibly our Presi-
dent might have found occasion for a similar
speech, but his energy in the enforcement of
order stopped short of this menace. Certainly
he did everything consistent with the temper
of the Senate, and he showed always what Sir
William Scott, on one occasion in the House of
Commons, placed among the essential qualities
of a Speaker, when lie said that "to a jealous
affection for the privileges of the House must
be added an awful sense of its duties."
Accustomed as we have become to the rules
which govern legislative proceedings, we are
hardly aware of their importance in the devel-
opment of liberal institutions. They were
unknown in antiquity, and they were unknown
also on the European continent until latterly
introduced from England, which was their
original home. They are among the precious
contributions which England has made to mod-
ern civilization. And yet they did not assume
at once their present perfect form. Mr. Hal-
lam tells us that even as late as Queen Elizabeth
members called confusedly for the business
they wished brought forward. But now, at last,
these rules have become a beautiful machine
by which business is conducted, legislation is
molded, and debate is secured in all possible
freedom. From the presentation of apetition or
the introduction of a bill all proceeds by fixed
processes until without disorder the final result
is reached and a new law takes its placc in the
statute-book. Hoe's printing-press, or Aldeu's
