6.
g&fedow'of right or authority by which any State
ftfey make color or race a disqualification for
tfe exercise of the right of suffrage; and they
. s^they will regard as a real calamity the intro-
iietiqn of any words expressly or by implica-
giving any State or States such power; and
fifty respectfully submit that if the amendment
Itfw.pending shall be adopted it will enable
S&! State to deprive any class of citizens of the
'elective franchise, notwithstanding it was ob-
viously framed with a view to affect the ques-
fl'oti of negro suffrage only. For these and
other reasons they respectfully pray that the
finjendment to the Constitution recently passed
bj",the House and now before this body be not
alopted.
. I do not know that I have at any time pre-
sented a memorial which was entitled to more
respectful consideration than this, from the
Character of its immediate signers and from the
fast multitudes they represent. I hope I shall
ASt depart from the proper province of pre-
dating it if I express my entire adhesion to
Ml that it says, and if I take this occasion to
fetreat the Senate, if they will not hearken to
Arguments against the pending proposition,
Shat they will at least hearken to the voice of
these memorialists representing the colored
Satee of our country. I ask that the memorial
lie' upon the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made.
Mr. SUMNER. And I am about to add that
faring my long service here, and the m&ny pe-
titions I have presented, I have never before
a^ked to have a petition printed; but it seems
to me, considering the character of these me-
morialists, the importance of the subject, and
Ibat it is bearing upon a proposition now di-
rectly before the Senate, that it ought to be
printed. I therefore move that it be printed
for the use of the Senate.
' The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OS COMMITTEES.
. Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Terri-
• tpries, to whom the subject was referred, -re-
ported a bill (S. No. J41) to provide for the
erection of public buildings in the Territory of
Dakota; which was read, and passed to a sec-
ond reading.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was re-
ferred a bill (S. No. 38) to authorize the con;
struction of a bridge across the Mississippi
river at the city of St. Louis, State of Missouri,
and at the city of East St. Louis, State of Illi-
nois, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred a bill (S. No. 81) to reimburse the State
of Missouri for moneys expended for the Uni-
ted States in enrolling, equipping, and provis-
ioning militia forces to aid in suppressing the
rebellion, reported it without amendment, and
submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed. . ,
Mr. HARRTS, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of James Bawden. praying for relief,
reported a bill (S. No. l-t"2) for the relief of
James Bawden; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
POST OFFICE BALANCES.
Mr. DIXON. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post, Roads, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (S. l\o. 29) for
the transfer of funds appropriated for the pay-
roent of salaries in. the Post Offi.cc Department
to the general salary account of that Dcp<ut-
ment, to report it back with an amendment. I
am also instructed to ask that the joint resolu-
tion be considered at this time. It is a matter
of considerable public interest.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes that the unexpended balances on
the books of the Treasury Department, frora the
respective sums of money appropriated by Con-
gress, as per different acts of Congress, for tuQ
salaries of Postmaster General. Assistants! ost-
39th Coxa. l.-vr Se w.- -No. 5-1.
master General, clerks, tempor&ry clerks, addi-
tional clerks, messengers; watchmen, laborers,
and superintendent and clerks of the money-
order system, including the amounts appro-
priated for the' payment of twenty per cent,
increase of certain salaries—all of the same
being appropriations made by Congress for the
Post Office Department—may be transferred on
the books of the Treasury Department, from the
respective headings under which they are now
placed, to the credit of the Post Office Depart-
ment, to the general salary account of funds
placed to the credit of the Post Office Depart-
ment.
The amendment proposed by the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads was in line five
to strike out the words u Congress, as per," so
as to read:
That the unexpended balances on the books of the
Treasury Department, from the respective sums of
money appropriated by different acts of Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
the amendment, but I shall move, then, to re-
fer the resolution to the Committee on Finance.
It needs some consideration.
Mr. DIXON. I ask that a letter be read from
the Postmaster General explaining the neces-
sity for this bill.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Post Office Department,
Washington, D. C., February 12, I860.
Sib: The moneys appropriated for tho payment of
salaries in this Department are credited on the books
of the Treasury Department, under different head-
ings, corresponding lo the respective acts ot Congress
by -which such appropriations were made.
The disbursing clerks of this Department have not
drawn from all these different classes of salary funds;
hence large balances remain under certain heada,
while under others there remain but small amounts,
notsufficientto meet the current expenses of the office.
The transfers u>ked for will enable the present dis-
bursing clerk to draw from the general salary account,
under which he can make settlement; and such traus-
ler will neither increase nor diminish the amount of
appropriations, nor divert funds from the objects in-
tended by Congress, namely, the payment of salaries.
For example, noneof the appropriation for the pay-
ment of "superintendent and clerks" of tho ' money-
order system" has ever been drawn, they havmg been
paid from the "general salary account;" and the
transfer requested will be, m tact, a reimbursement
of those accounts that have been exhausted in the
payment of others. . .
The necessity for the adoption of the resolution
is immediate, to enable the disbursing clerk to drnw
for the payment of the salaries of the current month.
I have, therefore, to respectfully ask that the inclosed
"resolution" be at once adopted, a request X would
have earlier rnado had I been aware of tho embar-
rassments referred to.
Very respectfully, W. DENNISO^T,
Postmaster General.
Hon. James Dixon, United States Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let the resolution lie
over. The policy has always been again st trans-
ferring from one account to another. 1 do not
know but that this resolution is well enough,
but I should like to examine it further bciore
it is passed. I move that the resolution lie on
the table for the'present.
Mr. DIXON. I move that the joint resolu-
tion be referred to tho Committee on Finance.
The Senator then will have an opportunity to
examine it. .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will regard the motion to lay on the table as
withdrawn, and the question is 011 the motion
to refer tho joint resolution to the Committee
on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. P0MER0Y asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 143) to revive and extend the provisions
of an act granting the right ot way and making
a grant of land to the Slates at Arkansas? and
Missouri to aid in the construction of a railroad
from a point upon the Mississippi opposite the
mouth of the Ohio river, via Little Rock, to
the Texas boundary, near Fulton, in the State
of Arkansas, with branches to I ort Smith and
the Mississippi river, approved February
1858, and for other purposes : which was reau
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous
consent, obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 144) to provide .foi tte improvement
of the Rock Island or Upper rapias and the
Lower or Des Moines rapids of the Mississippi
river ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and o'rdered
to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 145)
for a grant of lands to the State of Kansas-to
aid in the construction of the Northern Kansas
railroad and telegraph; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
ORDEll OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate take
up for consideration the bill (S. No. 188) to
increase and fix the military peace establish-
ment of the United States.
Mr. STEWART. That bill will take con-
siderable time and occupy the morning hour
for many days. I have been waiting for an
opportunity to call up the Colorado bill, but I
have been postponed repeatedly. I drink we
ought to act upon it very soon, and I am op-
posed to taking up the bill of the Senator from
Massachusetts until the Colorado bill has had
a hearing.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest to the Senator that
I do not think the Colorado bill can be very
well acted upon in the morning hour, and 1
think he had better let that bill lie a few days
until after we dispose of the constitutional
amendment. As to the bill which I now pro-
pose to call up, I think we can have it read this
morning and work upon it in the morning hour,
so that we may be ready to dispose of it soon.
Mr. STEWART. If we put,off the Colorado
bill until we get done with the constitutional
amendment we may wait for two months; in-
deed, 1 do not know that we shall ever see the
day when that will be disposed of. If we can
have the morning hour for a few days I think *
wc can soon dispose of it; but this bill ot the
Senator from Massachusetts will occupy a great
deal of time.
Mr. WILSON. I think we can make some
progress in it this morning, and 1 hope there
will be 110 objection to proceeding with it.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope this bill will not be
thrust into the morning hour. I do not know
of any bill that can better afford postponement
than the bill to reorganize the Army of the Uni-
ted States. Not only is it more important to
decidc promptly 011 the bill concerning the ad-
mission of Colorado, but there are other ques-
tions pending that have been partly considered
which are of great consequence, and which I
think ought lo have precedence.
Mr. WILSON. 1 differ from the Senator
from California. I think the military bill ought
to have been passed a month ago. There are
several regiments of volunteers in the service
to-day who say their time is out, who want to
go home, who allege that they are held in the
service in violation of the contracts made with
them now that we have peace. There is a great
deal of dissatisfaction in some localities.
Mr. CONNESS. And others who wished
to remain in the service have been dismissed.
Mr. WILSON. 1 think we should go 011 with
the bill. 1 do not wish to press it unreasona-
bly; but I want it worked along with as fur as
reasonably can be done. I think _we can have
it read this morning, and that will call atten-
tion to it. 1 do not think there can be much
opposition to the bill now.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. What is the motion
before the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is that the Senate proceed with the consid-
eration of the bill indicated by the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am merely desir-
ous to have a vote of the. Senate as to whether
they will give preference to (he Colorado bill,
and with that vote we shall be content. I shculd
like very much to have a vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question as soon as the debate shall
have terminated.
