3834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
issued, could Congress then, by repealing the
guarantee, refuse to comply with the stipula-
tions of that guarantee printed on the back of
the stock? Suppose a transfer is made ten
years afterward, about the time the road is com-
pleted, and after the stock has been all issued
and thousands of people interested, could the
Government of the United States then, by re-
pealing the charter, refuse to pay the guarantee
of the interest, on this stock? Certainly not.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose that if a char-
ter is granted by Congress to a company, and
the charter declares that Congress at any time
shall have the power to alter, amend, or repeal
that charter, any person who contracts with the
persons so incorporated contracts with a view
to that part of 1he charter, and it becomes a
portion of the contract; and I say that Con-
gress has at any time 
Sir. SHERMAN. Let me ask my friend a
question. Suppose we pass aloan law, which
is liable to be repealed at anytime, and we issue
thirty-year bonds on that loan law ; I will ask
the Senator whether,under those circumstances,
we could not repudiate the bonds because we
have a right to repeal the laws under which
they were issued. Is not that precisely this
case? Here the stock is issued under a law
passed by us, which is repealable like all other
laws, and we guaranty stock issued under that
law. We are bound to make good that guar-
antee. Whatever the company may do, that
guarantee is binding upon us, and the faith of
the United States is pledged for the payment
of that interest for twenty years. There can
be no doubt of it.
Mr. HOWARD. Does the Senator from
Ohio suppose that the repeal of th<j law would
vitiate and annul such a contract?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is the Senator from
Oregon who seems to think so.
Ktr. HOWARD. I do not understand that
to be the law at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. Nor do I.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I undertake to say that
if this company undertakes to transfer the pow-
ers that it derives from Congress under this
amendment to their charter to citizens of Can-
ada, Congress ma3'repeal the charter and may
repeal this law, and so put an end to the en-
terprise and prevent and defeat the construc-
tion of this road in the United States. In that
way Congress has the entire control of this sub-
ject, and there is no reason to apprehend that
this company will, under such circumstances,
put the control of this road into the hands of
citizens of Canada. This argument, if it
amounts to anything at all as an objection to
this bill, is an argument that may be used with
equal force against any act of Congress of a
similar nature; for it is possible for any com-
pany and every company organized by Con-
gress for any purpose, to tranfer the control of
its franchise and its powers and its privileges
to citizens of Canada or of any other portion
of the world; and it is only brought in here
simply because this road runs along the north-
ern boundary of the United States. This idea
is brought forward as - a mere matter of con-
jecture, and Congress is required to defeat a
bill of this description and this magnitude, so
necessary to the development of the country
and to the commercial interests of the entire
world, upon a possible contingency that is
exceedingly improbable, as the Senator must
admit.
Hie honorable Senator argues that the road
is objectionable because it runs alongthe north-
ern boundary of the United States. I, on the
contrary, claim that that is one reason why the
United States should with all possible expedi-
tion cause the construction of this road. There
is a plan now in contemplation of confeder-
ating the different States and Provinces of
Canada, and British capital is contemplating
the construction of a work like this from the
Atlantic to the Pacific ocean within the British
possessions, and if the United States decline
or refuse to construct this road at this time,
the time is not far distant, I apprehend, when
British capital will cons',Tuct a road through
the British possessions from Pugot sound to
the Atlantic ocean, and in that way will obtain
the command of all the trade and commerce
of that entire region of country. If this road
is constructed the United States will obtain !
the control of all the trad&^of that region
of country both in the British possessions and
in the United States. The vast valley of the
Saskatchewan, the Red river valley, the As-
siniboin valley, and many other extensive val-
leys in the British possessions that are rich
and populous will be made tributary to this
thoroughfare through the United States, and
ail that portion of the British possessions lying
contiguous to the northern boundary of the
United States will be made tributary to the
United States and to this road. I think, there-
fore, that it is for the manifest welfare of the
country that this road should be constructed,
and that the British possessions should be
made tributary in that way to the United
States, rather than this entire northern coun-
try be made tributary to the British posses-
sions. This road traverses a vast region of'
country, a country that would make seven or
eight or ten States as large as Pennsylvania,
traveling through Minnesota, Dakota, Idaho,
Montana, and Washington to Puget sound, and
its construction would tend to the development
of the agricultural and mineral resources of
that country, and in an indirect way it would
more than compensate the United States for
all that it might expend in the construction of
the road or become liable to expend if this bill
should become a law.
The Senator from Ohio has presented an im-
posing array of figures here for the purpose of
frightening the Senate from a favorable con-
sideration of this bill; and he argues that
the United States by the passage of this law
becomes liable to pay §100,000,000. That
argument is just as sound as it would be if the
Senator was to argne that the Government of
the United States should cease all its operations
because at the end of twenty years the expenses
of governing the nation would be S2,000,000,000
without taking into the account at all whatever
the Government might receive during that time
for the purpose of defraying those expenses.
The Senator says that there was a solemn
promise when the original act was passed that
no application should be made for money. I
know not what promise was given. I do not
know what individual or individuals had power
to make such a promise or such a pledge. I
have no doubt that it was the expectation at
that time of everybody connected with this
enterprise that an appropriation of this amount
of lands would enable the company to construct
the road; but after an effort of two years these
lands have been found unavailable for that pur-
pose, and the question is now submitted to
Congress as to whether or not it will abandon
this magnificent work, give it up altogether,
surrender any effort to develop the resources
of this vast country by the construction of such
a road, or whether Congress will lend simply
its credit to the enterprise in order to accom-
plish its speedy completion. That is the simple
question. Is it wiser and better for Congress
at this time to abandon the enterprise because
it has been ascertained that this work cannot
be constructed by the use of the lands at this
time, and there is no other way in which this
company can proceed except by this assistan ce,
this credit which it asks at the hands of Con-
gress ?
Tt is perfectly apparent that these lands can-
not be made in their present situation to build
this road. What were the prairie lands of the
State of Illinois worth in the interior of that
State—lands that are now exceedingly valua-
ble—before there was any railroad constructed
in the State of Illinois? What were the lands
in the western part of Iowa and Missouri, re-
moved from the navigable waters of those
States, worth before there were railroad lines
connecting those lands with some commer-
cial thoroughfare in the country? These lands ,
lying in Minnesota, in Montana, and in Idaho I
would be rich and productive lands if they I
could he cultivated; but now, when there are
no means of access to them, they are worth
little or nothing; they would produce nothing
of any value to the individual; they would pro-
duce nothing of any value to the country; but
build to them a railroad and then they become
valuable; then they can be sold; then they will
produce an income. But you cannot now go
into the market with these lands and sell them
to a man or to a company for any considerable
amount. Nobody desires to invest money in
lands so remotely removed from all possible
connection with the commercial centers and
channels of the country, without some proba-
bility that there will be a railroad or some
means of connection constructed between the
northern lakes or the lakes or railroads of the
country and these valuable lands.
Now, sir, this has been ascertained, as I
understand, that these lands cannot be made
available; but this bill proposes that this com-
pany shall proceed, in the first place, and con-
struct twenty-five miles of road without any
assistance whatever from the Government, by
the use of private capital. When the twenty-
five miles of road are constructed, then the
Government is asked to guaranty the interest
upon the stock of the company to the amount
of twenty-odd thousand dollars per mile from
the date of its issue. The Government does
not guaranty the payment of the stock, as the
gentleman seems to imply, if he does not di-
rectly assert, but the Government simply guar-
anties the payment of the interest at six per
cent, upon that stock; and the gentleman argues
that in this way millions of indebtedness will
accumulate against the United States. This
company proposes, as security to the Govern-
ment for this guarantee of interest upon the
stock, to mortgage to the United States all the
lands lying on the south side of the road,
amounting to twenty sections per mile, more
than has been donated, as the gentleman says,
to the Union Pacific railroad. All these lands
are to be applied to the payment of the interest
upon this stock in case the Government is
compelled to pay any portion of that interest.
Now, here are twelve thousand eight hundred
acres per mile of land that is to be applied, in
the first place, to pay the interest upon the
stock issued, which the Government guaranties,
for each mile of this road. Anybody can see
at a glance that that land of itself, assuming
that it is worth anything at all, that it is worth
the price for which the public lands of the
United States sell—the proceeds of those lands
will be sufficient to pay the interest which the
Government would have to pay upon the stock
that it might guaranty for each mile.
Then, again, when this road is constructed,
after the expiration of ten years, within which
time it is to be completed, one fourth of the
net proceeds of the road is to be applied to the
liquidation of any claim which the Government
may have for interest advanced upon this stock.
Now, supposing that the interest accumulates,
that nothing whatever is received from the sale
of these lands during the ten years—and that
is not a reasonable supposition at all—at the
end of ten years the entire interest per annum
upon the amount that the Government will
guaranty according to the terms of this bill
will be about five million dollars per annum.
Now, Mr. President, I will ask the Senator
if it is unreasonable to suppose, in case the
road is constructed, that the net earnings of it
will be $16,000,000. I understand that the
Pennsylvania Central in 1865 earned thirty-odd
million dollars. It is not reasonable to sup-
pose that the net earnings of this road, con-
structed from Puget sound to Lake Superior,
would be 820,000,000? And a quarter of
that, $5,000,000, is to be paid every year to
the Treasury of the United States in case there
bo any claim remaining there for the interest
advanced on this stock. Here you have the
land lying on the south side of this road, one
half of the munificent grant made by the Uni-
ted States to this company, half of the lands
appropriated simply to the payment of the
interest upon the stock, and then you have
