1014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
are a vast number of persons who are the secu-
rities and bondsmen of these paymasters, who
will be alarmed and a general panic crcated
if these accounts are made public while yet
unsettled and in an inchoate condition.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. There is
a bill now pending for the relief of paymasters
who -have stoppages against them; and it is
urged upon the ground that those stoppages
ought never to have been charged against them.
Now, I want the House to be able to act know-
ingly upon this bill, to be put in possession of
the facts in the case. If these paymasters have
a great load upon their shoulders, I want the
House to know what the extent of that load is.
1 am not afraid of any panic. But before we pay
out this half a million of dollars, I want the
House to know the facts in the case; and this
is the only way in which we can get them.
In the memorial which has been laid upon
my desk, they claim that they have no access
to the records, and that they cannot find out
what is charged against them; and for this
reason they ask that a bill for their relief shall
be passed. Now, I ask that we, having author-
ity, shall endeavor to obtain that information
which they in their memorial express a desire
to have.
Mr. GARFIELD. It seems tome an unpre-
cedented proposition that we should drag up a
large list of unsettled and unadjudicated ac-
counts, and publish them to the world in their
present condition, when many of them have not
been brought down to a later period than two
years ago. Such a proceeding would be calcu-
lated to disturb unnecessarily all the bondsmen
of the paymasters, to alarm without sufficient
cause almost every person concerned, and to do
injustice, in my judgment, to all parties.
Moreover, I think it would be impossible for
the Paymaster G-eneral, at the present time,
to make any intelligible statement of these
accounts without the very greatest trouble and
labor. This resolution proposes an unprece-
dented and very improper proceeding. I hope
that the motion to reconsider will be adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Washbtjrn] if I correctly under-
stand him, stated that the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs had been unable to get any infor-
mation in regard to the amount of stoppages
to guide legislation on this subject. Sir, there
has been no complaint of that kind on the part
of the committee. The committee have been
able to ascertain as a general fact about the
average of stoppages; and I stated it yesterday
to the House as a reason for legislation. But
we have not, it is true, gone prying into the
accounts of individuals; nor, if we had obtained
such information, would we have undertaken
to spread it before the House or the country in
debate, for the very reason which has been
urged against this resolution, that these ac-
counts are in an unadjusted condition, having
been settled for only the first year or two of the
war, and also because a panic would be created
among bondsmen if this very unsatisfactory
and in many respects unfair information should
be spread before the country. A general
knowledge as to the stoppages which have been
made—and this general knowledge is all that
is needed for the purpose of legislation—we
can obtain and have obtained by inquiry at
the pay department, without going into an
inquiry in reference to the account of each in-
dividual who may have served as a paymaster,
and whose accounts may be under considera-
tion by the proper accounting officers of the
Government.
I hope that the motion to reconsider will
prevail, and that the resolution will be rejected.
Mr. EABNSWORTH. As there will be an
opportunity for discussion of this general sub-
ject when the bill comes up, I call for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered, and under the
operation thereof the motion to reconsider was
agreed to.
The question then recurred on agreeing to
the resoluUou.
Mr. WENT WORTH. I am disposed to
favor this call for information; but if its effect
will be to delay the action of the House, I do
not know that I would insist that the resolu-
tion should be passed. But, as I understand,
these paymasters want us to rush through legis-
lation in the dark. I know that there are a
great many of these paymasters who want to
be relieved; and I wish to know the circum-
stances of the case. If there should not, among
some hundreds of paymasters, be one or two
dishonest men_, it would be very strange. _ Con-
sequently, I wish to understand all the circum-
stances before I vote on the question. If I
were asked this morning, "Who constitute the
population of this capital?" I would answer,
"Paymasters."
And here upon my desk I find a pamphlet
asking prompt and immediate action—that if
we do not get it through right away we will
not get it through at all.
I hope honest paymasters will trust them-
selves in our hands, as we have trusted them.
Cannot they trust this House? I hope the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
will not crowd this on the House to-day or
to-morrow or the next day. Let us legislate
with our eyes wide open. I ask the chairman
whether he will press this to-day.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no disposition " to
crowd'' the House. This bill was brought up
by the Committee on Military Affairs, and I
do not believe a single paymaster knew when
it was to be brought in. I do not believe there
were any in the House. It is the easiest thing
in the world for men to get up and make
charges.
Mr. WENTWORTH. What is this pam-
phlet put upon our desks for? .
Mr. SCHENCK. Their attention was at-
tracted by the fact that the matter was debated
here yesterday, and they very properly desired
to submit a statement in reference to their in-
terests. They have a right to do so. If the
gentleman from Illinois will read the pamphlet
attentively he will know more about the sub-
ject perhaps than he does now. I have no
objection to its being placed here. I have not
had time to -read it. The little I have seen of it
commends it to my approbation. I know the
facts there are true. This legislation is proposed
for the public benefit, and has been drawn from
the best lights before the committee. It is not
true 
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is not true—-
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has risen to a question of order, and that
arrests all proceedings.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to know whether
the bill is now before the House. If it is not,
I object to this debate.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is before
the House, and debate of that resolution is in
order.
Mr. CONKLING. The bill is not before the
House.
The SPEAKER. That is true : but 
Mr. CIIANLER. I rise for information.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I have only yielded
to the gentleman from Ohio, the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs. He is the
only man capable of giving information on the
subject, [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANLER. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state it.
Mr. CHANLER. Application to the Chair
for information is always in order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot take
the floor from another gentleman to do so.
Mr. CHANLER. No one seems to have the
The gentleman from Ohio
floor.
The SPEAKER.
has the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. With the permission of
the gentleman from Illinois, I will finish the
sentence I had begun when interrupted by the
gentleman from New York by a point of
order.
I say that it is not true, that it is an entire
mistake to suppose this bill has been brought
forward at the urgent solicitation of paymas-
ters any further than by petitions referred to
the Committee on Military _ Affairs by this
House, involving the necessity of an inquiry
into this whole subject. And I will remark
that the first impressions of the committee
were rather averse to affording relief in any
bill which might be proposed, but the more
they looked into the matter the more they be-
caml satisfied there was a meritorious case
which ought to be brought to the attention of
the House and some measure of relief pro-
vided. If these paymasters have come here
and volunteered information to the committee
and to the House, I am glad they have done
so. No doubt their attention was attracted by
the debate of yesterday. They have the right
to address this House. It is the poor privilege
of every applicant for justice to see that his
case is properly brought before Congress.
Now, sir, I shall have no objection when the
bill comes up to its being recommitted, but
the subject we are now on is not the bill. It
is whether you shall attempt, not only to
enlighten the committee and the House, but
the world, by dragging before the public, in
the shape of a public document, all the out-
standing balances which appear ostensibly
against parties when their accounts have not
been settled at all. I believe none of them
have been settled later than June, 1863, thus
giving an appearance of being defaulters to a
great number of persons who are not in any
respect defaulters or behind in their accounts
at all, alarming them and alarming the coun-
try and giving a false impression to the country.
I hope this resolution will be referred to the
committee. I am perfectly willing that the
bill itself shall.be recommitted, and that we
shall endeavor to get all the information proper
to be obtained in relation to particular cases,
and as there is a general disposition manifested
in the House to grant some sort of relief, I
hope we may put it in a form that will be
acceptable.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Mr. Speaker, if I can
be excused from answering any more questions
for a moment or two I will explain my views.
No information is fit for me, as a legislator,
as one of the guardians of the Treasury of the
United States, that is not in itself official. No
man can legislate without official information.
I suppose the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs is official authority. He has
stated to this House, or some one has done so
with his sanction, that these accounts are not
settled up within three years; and some say
more than that. We are asked to legislate in
the dark. We are asked to pay gentlemen
their accounts without knowing how much we
give them or under what circumstances we
I would like to hear the chairman of the
Committee of Claims on this subject, and I
will yield to him ten minutes for that purpose.
Mr. DELANO. I understand this resolu-
tion is for the purpose of obtaining information
touching a measure that was before the House
on yesterday, and which proposes to allow to
paymasters a commission on all moneys that
they have disbursed. That measure will take
out of the Treasury, if it is adopted, two and
a half million dollars or more. There has been
paid out by the paymasters, as I understand,
over $1.028,000. The chairman of the com-
mittee will correct me if 1 am wrong.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will state that there is
an _ amendment proposed and concurred in
which will prevent, the payment of a single
cent out of the Treasury.
Mr. DELANO. There is an amendment, I
know, that limits the amount, so that no pay-
master shall receive in the aggregate more than
$1,000 per annum.
Mr. .SCHENCK. And a further amendment
that there shall bo no payment except to cover
stoppages oil account of irregularities, so that
no margin beyond that will be paid, and nothing
will be paid out.
Mr. DELANO. That of course, if it be
adopted, takes away some serious objections
