m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 18
39th Cons....1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
tion of Sycamore and Second streets.; thence
south fifty-eight degrees forty-one minutes east,
along the south edge of Sycamore street to the
northern boundary of the lot one hundred and
sixty feet five inches, the northeast corner of
the lot at the south edge of Sycamore street;
thence south thirty degrees thirty minutes west,
along the eastern boundary of the lot, one hun-
dred and twenty-eight feet four inches, the
southeast corner of the lot; thenee north fifty-
eight degrees forty-one minutes west, along the
southern boundary of the lot, one hundred and
sixty feet five inches, the southwest corner of
the lot at the east edge of Second street; thence
north thirty degrees thirty minutes east, along
the east edge of Second street to the western
boundary of the lot, one hundred and twenty-
eight feet four inches, the beginning northwest
corner of the lot, the said lot of ground being
one hundred and twenty by one hundred and
fifty French feet; and whereas the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office has approved
the report of the said recorder of land titles
and has reported the same to Congress for its
action: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the said lot of ground
in the city of Saint Louis, Missouri, be, and the
same is hereby, confirmed unto the said Augus-
tin Amiot, his legal assignsand representatives,
and that all the right, title, and interest, of the
United States in and to the same be, and the
same is hereby, granted and confirmed unto the
said Augustin Amiot, his legal assigns 3nd rep-
resentatives.
Approved, April 12, 1866.
Chap. XLIII.—An Act for the Relief of the
Estate of B. W. Eddy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury be, and they are
hereby, authorized and required to allow to the
estate of E. W. Eddy, late paymaster in the U.
S. Army, a credit of iwo hundred thousand dol-
lars, the amount of public funds in his hands
as paymaster on board the steamer "Brother
Jonathan/' lost, by the wrcck of said steamer,
on the thirtieth day of July, eighteen hundred
and sixty-five, off the coast of California: Pro-
vided, That the final order for the allowance of
the said credit shall not be made until the whole
subject connected with the said alleged loss
shall be fully investigated by the Paymaster
General, and he shall certify to the proper
Department of the Government that the loss
of the vessel has been fully proved.
Approved, April 12, 1860.
Chap. XLIX.—An Act for the Relief of the
Administrators and Securities of Almon W.
Babbitt, late Secretary of Utah.
'Whereas Almon W. Babbitt, as secretary of
the Territory of Utah, in the summer of eight-
een hundred and fifty-six, had advanced to him
by the Treasury Department, at the city of
Washington, twenty-six thousand and five hun-
dred dollars; that a portion of this sum was
properly expended by him in the purchase of
stationery, carpeting, and other property for
the offices of the Territory, and in the purchase
of oxen and wagons to transport the said prop-
erty, together with a quantity of books, belong-
ing to the Territory, from Council Bluffs to
Salt Lake City; and while upon the route, not
far from Fort Kearney, the said Babbitt and
most of the men with him were murdered, the
teams taken, and property destroyed by In-
dians; and whereas there is now standing
against said Babbitt upon the books of the
Treasury Department a balance of twelve thou-
sand and nine hundred and seventy-two dol-
lars; and it is satisfactorily proven that the
property destroyed by said Indians amounted
in value to a sum larger than said., balance:
Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United State^of America in
Congress assembled, That the administrators,
heirs, and securities of said Babbitt be, and
they are hereby, released and discharged from
the payment of said balance, and from all
liability on account of the same and of said
moneys received from the Treasury Depart-
ment, as afores.aid.
Approved, April 17, 1866.
Chap. L.—An Act granting a Pension to Mrs.
Altazera L. Willcox, of Chenango County, in
the State of New York.
Be. it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, directed to place
the name of Altazera L. Willcox, of Chenango
county, in the State of New York, widow of
William Willcox, late a private in company
"B," in the one hundred and fourteenth regi-
ment, New York volunteers, on the pension-
roll, at the rate of eight dollars per month, to
commence from and after the passage of this
act, and to continue during her widowhood.
Approved, April 17, 1866.
Chap. LI.—An Act granting a Pension to Mrs.
Isabella Fogg, of the State of Maine.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and is hereby, authorized and di-
rected to place the name of Mrs. Isabella Fogg,
of the f^tate of Maine, on the pension-roll, at
the rate of eight dollars per month, to com-
mence from and after the passage of this act,
and to continue during her natural life; she,
the said Isabella Fogg, having been totally dis-
abled while acting as nurse on board the Uni-
ted States hospital boat near Louisville, in the
State of Kentucky.
Approved, April 17, 1866.
Chap. LII.—An Act granting Pension to Vir-
ginia K. V. Moore.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Virginia K. V.
Moore, daughter of Richard D. Moore, de-
ceased, late of company "K," seventy-second
regiment Illinois volunteers, on the list of inva-
lid pensioners, and pay to her, or her legally
appointed guardian, the sum of eight dollars
permonth, from December third, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, the date of the death of
Richard D. Moore, until she shall have attained
the age of sixteen years.
Approved, April 17, 1866.
Chap. LTII.—An Act granting a Pension to
Mrs. Elizabeth York, Widow of Shubal York,
late a Surgeon in the Fifty-Fourth Regiment
Illinois Infantry, Volunteers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and is hereby, authorized and di-
rected to place the name of Elizabeth York,
widow of Shubal York, late a surgeon in the
fifty-fourth regiment Illinois volunteer infant-
ry, on the pension rolls, at the rate of twenty-
five dollars per month, to commence from and
after the passage of this act, and to continue
during her widowhood.
Approved, April 17, 1866.
Chap. LIV.—An Act for the Relief of Charles
Youly.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and ;s hereby, directed to pay, out
of any funds which may have been appropri-
ated for the payment of pensions, to Charles
Youly, of Dunkirk, Cha[u]tauqu« county, New
York, late a private of company ''D,""seventy-
second regiment, N ew Y'ork volunteers, the scm
of one hundred and thirty-five dollars and thirty-
three and one third cents, it being at the rate of
five dollars per month, from the twenty-fifth day
of November, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
to the twenty-seventh day of February, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five.
Approved, April 17, 1866.
Chap. LV.—An Act for the Relief of Nicholas
Hibner, late a Private in the Sixth Regiment
Missouri State Militia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Nicholas Hibner,
of Caldwell county, Missouri, and late a pri-
vate in the sixth regiment (cavalry) Missouri
State militia, commanded by Colonel Cather-
■wood, upon the list of pensioners, at the rate
of eight dollars per month, to commence on
the passage of this act, and to continue during
his natural life.
Approved, April 17, 1866.
Chap. LVI.—An Act for the Relief of Albert
Nevins.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby j authorized and
directed to place the name ot Albert Nevins,
late a private in company " K," ninety-second
regiment New York State volunteers, upon the
list of pensioners at the rate of twenty-five dol-
lars per month, in lieu of the eight dollars per
month heretofore allowed him; to commence
on the passage of this act, and to continue dur-
ing his natural life.
Approved, April 17, 1866.
Chap. LVII.—An Act granting Pension to
Lewis W. Dietrich.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and is hereby, authorized and di-
rected to place the name of Lewis W. Dietrich,
late a second lieutenant of company "E," thir-
tieth regiment U. S. colored troops, on the pen-
sion-list, and to pay him a pension at the rate
of fifteen dollars per month; this act to take
effect from and after its passage.
Appp.oved, April 17, 1866.
Chap. LVIII.—An Act for the Relief of James
G. Clarke.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby directed, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, to pay to James G. Clarke the sum
of six thousand four hundred and eighty-three
dollars and ninety-six cents ($6,183 90.) in full
for services as acting charg£ d'affaires of the
United States at Brussels from June eleventh,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, to Septem-
ber twenty-seventh, eighteen hundred and fifty-
eight.
Approved, April 18, 1806.
Chap. LIX.—An Act granting a Pension to
Mrs. Sarah E. Wilson.
Be {tenanted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to plane the name of Mrs. Sarah li.
