1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2875
of the country. As far as climate is concerned,
and as farastbewealthof the soil is conccrncd,
I do not think his State altogether equal to the
State of Maryland, to say nothing of our fine
oysters and soft crabs, and last, but by no
means least, terrapins and canvas-back ducks.
[Laughter.] I think the honorable member
from Maine,_ with aH his attachment to his
native State, just at this season of the year par-
ticularly, would like to spend two or three
weeks in a portion of Maryland where he
conld get delicacies which are not to be found
in the State of Maine. [Laughter. ]
Mr. GRIMES. They have cod-fish there.
Mr. JOHNSON. Cod-fish! Tlratis enough
to kill any stomach, and I do not think my
friend deals much in that line. [Laughter.]
They have everything that is wholesome—thatis
manifested in the appearance of her sons; and
everything that makes gallant men—that has
been exhibited in this war both upon the sea
and upon the land; but give us fair play—and
now we have it—and my friend from Maine
will soon see, no matter what may be the rate
of apportionment, that the Representatives of
Maryland will outnumber the Representatives
of the State of Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I only wish to say to
my friend that I had no idea by the simple
remark that I made of bringing out such a
course of observations as he lias made all in
very good nature. I concede that if everything
else in Maryland were to be on the same level
with her soft crabs and terrapins, I should think
much better ofthe State, perhaps, than I do now.
[Laughter.] But I did not mean to say any-
thing in any way derogatory to that State; nor
do I of any State in the Union. Maryland has
very much to be proud of, and I hope she will
have very much more to be proud of, and I
think she will in the future. But, sir, with
regard to this individual thing, I merely ex-
pressed my opinion that the act was a selfish
one. It is levying contributions on the people
of other States, wherever it is undertaken. It
is what I call a mean thing ; and if the State
of« Maryland is not ashamed of it, I repeat, I
think she ought to be. That is only my opin-
ion. I hope she will by and by, on reflection,
become satisfied that it is not exactly the thing
to do. But I do not think we have a right to
meddle with it.
Mr. CRESWELL. I should like to ask the
Senator from Maine whether in granting these
acts of incorporation in the State of Maine,
the State reserves the right to tax the compa-
nies and their business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; we tax nothing
but the shares. We tax railroad stock like any
other property, and we tax the real estate held
by the railroad company; that is to say, the
buildings, &c., according to my recollection;
but we do not tax the charter ; we do notcharge
anything for the charter; we do not ask any
bonus, or anything of the kind. We are glad
enough to get men to build railroads there if
anybody will undertake them. They are not
very profitable. We tax the property of rail-
roads precisely as we do any other property.
For instance, if a railroad owns real estate it
is taxed like any other real estate. If individ-
uals own stock in a railroad company it is taxed
like the stock of any other company, according
to its value. I do not know of any other taxes
imposed upon them.
Mr. CRESWTELL. I supposed that was the
case. I desire to add to what my colleague
has said with reference to the disposition mani-
fested by Maryland, that she has done a little
more than merely grant privileges to persons
who were willing to construct these roads.
The State of Maryland herself has invested
nearly thirty-six million dollars in the con-
struction of these works of public improve-
ment, and of that sum she has lost absolutely
over twenty-seven million dollars. She has
imposed no restrictions in the way of taxation
upon the great line of the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad, which has now invested within her
limits some twenty million dollars, save the
imposition of one fifth of the receipts from
passengers between the city of Baltimore and
the city of Washington. In the normal con-
dition of affairs that yields her the sum of from
seventy-five to ninety thousand dollars a year,
which is less than her usual rate of taxation
would amount to by two thirds.
Mr. GRIMES. She does not tax the prop-
erty of the company.
Mr. ORES WELL. She does not tax the
property of the railroad company in any way
except, by the imposition of this one fifth of
the fare between Baltimore and Washington.
Not only that, but the State of Maryland has
shown a disposition to abandon even that as
rapidly as her financial interests will permit.
She has pocketed, passed to profit and loss,
the^ loss upon her internal improvements, of
827,000,000, and has already granted a char-
ter to a road in competition with this very line
of road, from Washington city to the Point of
Rocks, upon which she has reserved no such
tribute. All the travel of the western States,
when this new line of road is constructed,
which is now under construction, will pass
from Washington to the western States with-
out any such reservation of any portion of the
fare.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then that shows that
the State of Maryland is ashamed of it.
Mr. CRESWELL. Not at all. It only shows
that the State of Maryland is willing to do even
more than she has heretofore been able to do,
with a view to promote travel and comrrierce
between the States. She is not ashamed of it.
She has a perfect right in lieu of all taxation
to exact some such compensation as this.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Exactly. I do not feel
inclined to go into this controversy, and if Sen-
ators do not like this expression I made use
of I will take it back. Of course I do not
want to say anything derogatory of any State:
but with regard to that individual act. I think
it was without consideration and unjustifiable.
The Senator says they impose no taxes upon
their roads. My objection is that they make
up what they give to their own citizens or per-
sons interested in that road by levying contri-
butions upon the people of other States for
going through their territory.
Mr. CRESWELL. The contribution is levied
on all passengers, as well those of the State of
Maryland as those of any other State, and on
passengers from Baltimore city, a point within
the State of Mainland, to the city of Washing-
ton, which is also within the old jurisdiction
of the State.
Now, sir, I have only to add that if gentlemen
understood what efforts the State of Maryland
has made to maintain herself in the different
contracts she has voluntarily made for the pur-
pose of constructing these works of internal
improvement, I do not think we should ever
hear these expressions of "ashamed," &e.,
bandied about the Senate. No State in the
Union has voluntarily submitted to greater
burdens than has the State of Maryland. For
twenty years and more, ever since these great
works of internal improvement were started
in the State, our people have literally groaned
under a weight of taxation which to them
has been almost insupportable. The question
of repudiation was raised there once, but our
people scorned it, and we submitted to taxa-
tion in every shape. In 1845 a committee was
appointed of the ablest financiers of the State,
who grasped at every means of raising money
by taxation upon our people, and we have sub-
mitted to it. We have fortunately been able,
by submitting to.these extraordinary charges
and burdens, to extricate ourselves from our
troubles, and the State of Maryland does not
owe one dollar to-day for any public work to
which she does not respond regularly in the
payment of the interest. I only say this in
justice to my State.
Mr. SHERMAN. The friends of this bill
still think that the provisions in it will be use-
ful for the purpose declared in the preamble
ofthe bill, and I therefore, in pursuance of my
declarations, will vote for it; but I must con-
fess that in my opinion the principle upon
which the bill is founded will meet with diffi-
culty the moment the bill comes before the
courts. As a general principle, I do not think
it is within the power of the Government of
the United States to confer upon any corpora-
tion, the mere creature of a State, any power
not granted by the act of incorporation. The
very moment the United States undertakes to
extend power to any corporation created by a
Statethat is inconsistent with the act, of incor-
poration, the act itself becomes void. It is a
well-known principle of municipal law that no
corporation can exercise a power not conferred
upon it by its creator. It is simply a creature
of law, and any attempt by a power outside of
the State which created the corporation to con-
fer upon it additional powers will only defeat
itself. No corporation can exercise any power
that is not conferred upon it by the State which
creates it or by the power that creates it. That
is a principle of law that I believe any corpor-
ation now existing attempting to exercise or
do anything under this law that they cannot
do under their charter will meet at the very
outset. Still, as Senators think that it may
have some good effect, I shall vote for the
bill.
t desire also to say a word on account of an
expression I dropped the other day in the Sen-
ate in regard to the State of Maryland. I am
satisfied that the Baltimore and Ohio road is
not subject to the criticism 1 made here the
other day, that it attempted to use its power to
prevent communication between Washington
and the West, because since I made that state-
ment I have had information furnished me on
the subject., and am entirely satisfied that the
Baltimore and Ohio road are now doing all
they can, in connection with an existing cor-
poration in the State of Pennsylvania, to open
up new channels of communication from Pitts-
burg to the Baltimore and Ohio railroad. If
the State of Maryland will go one step further
and authorize the construction of a railroad
from Washington directly toward New York,
and also authorize the construction of a rail-
road from Harper's Ferry, or from Martins-
burg, across the State of Maryland in that
region of country, I think it will do all that
any State could reasonably demand of it.
Mr. CRESWELL. To what point does the
gentleman desire a road?
Mr. SHERMAN. From here to the Point
of Rocks.
Mr. CRESWELL. That has been already
authorized.
Mr. SHERMAN. I said that I wished to
withdraw a remark that I made in reference to
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad.
Mr. CRESWELL. And now the gentleman
speaks of a road from Martinsburg to some
other point.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator was not list-
ening to what I said when I rose, and therefore
I will repeat that I withdraw a remark I made
in reference to the Baltimore and Ohio road
the other day, and I believe that road is en-
deavoring to facilitate communication to the
points I desire most to accomplish; that is, to
make a line of road from its road to Pittsburg.
If the State of Maryland will go one step fur-
ther and authorize the construction of a rail-
road, so far as it can, across the State of Mary-
land, from this point toward Philadelphia, and
open up a new line of communication in com-,
petition with one of her existing lines, I think
she will have done all that any of the States
could demand of her.
The State of Pennsylvania, a great, power-
ful, and wealthy community, lias stood more
in the way of the railroad system than proba-
bly any other State, with perhaps the exception
of New Jersey. WTe in the West are not af-
fected so much by what is called the New Jer-
sey monopoly as wo are by the policy of the
State of Pennsylvania. Those who travel from
here to the New England States, passing
through New Jersey, are constantly affected by
it and constantly complain of a single road in
New Jersey which has a monopoly of all the
railroad travel. The complaint that has been
