1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1915
that lie to this bill as originally presented. As
first presented it seems to me the measure was
a monstrous one. I do not say this by way of
any disrespect to that class of officers in the
Army denominated paymasters. But- if you
duly consider the relative importance of the
service of this class of officers as compared
with that of others, theirpay and their hazards,
the measure, it seems to me, as originally intro-
duced would be unjust and inequitable, to say
the least.
I have been asked to refer directly to the
subject that comes before my committee every
day. The Committee of Claims have had
under consideration claims of men who have
lost almost everything that they had in conse-
quence of the war, and in such a way that the
losses may be said to have been by the ravages
of war, and by the order of this House such
claims have been rejected.
Now,_ sir, while the Government is stagger-
ing, as it is now, under a load of debt as heavy
as it can carry, while the nation is taxed to its
utmost capacity, it seems to me we should
introduce no measure which looks to so large
an expenditure of money for any class of offi-
cers in the Army. But if we are to resort to
measures for the relief of any class we cer-
tainly could not select a class that I consider
as meritorious as these paymasters.
We have many measures involving large
sums before the House. Yesterday we passed
a bill for the reimbursement of the State of
Missouri involving an amount of nearly seven
million dollars. A little while ago we voted to
pay the State of Pennsylvania $800,000. And
there is hanging over us still the debts of the
States, amounting to five or six hundred mil-
lions, to which must be added the claims for
bounties, looking, perhaps, to the expenditure
of an equal amount. In view of all this, I think
the House should pause before it adopts any
measure which looks to further and unneces-
sary expense.
I do not know that my time is out, but I have
simply a word more to say. I desire to say
that as this relief of these paymasters can be
reached by legitimate legislation, let a report
be made to the next session of this Congress
by the proper accounting officer showing the
condition of the accounts of these paymasters
who have dealt fairly, but whose claims cannot
be settled in strict conformity to the laws and
regulations, and then with these cases before
them, this committee can examine the claims
and report to Congress proper and legitimate
action, and thus we can pay to honest pay-
masters all that is legitimately due them with-
out imposing upon the people the taxation
which this bill proposes.
Mr. WENl'WOKTH. I expect to be com-
pelled to vote a great deal of money out of
the Treasury during this session, but I would
at the same time like to know how much
money I am voting out of the Treasury. I
desire, therefore, that the bill shall go to the
Committee of Claims; I have confidence in the
chairman of that committee, [Mr. Delaxo,]
and, as I understand, the President lias con-
fidence in him. [Laughter.]
Mr. DELANO. I would like to know the
gentleman's authority for making that state-
ment.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I cannot reveal pri-
vate conversations. [Laughter.]
I understand that my colleague from Illinois,
[Mr. Faun'Swoiitii.] wants the floor for about
live minutes; I yield the floor to him for five
minutes.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. Mr. Speaker, some
time ago—I do not remember how long—I
introduced a bill into this House, which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
for the relief of paymasters. It was not done
upon the request or at the solicitation of any
paymasters at all, but from my general knowl-
edge of the fact that all paymasters who have
disbursed money to the troops in the field
during this war, probably without exception,
have stoppages against them for moneys paid
Irom errors in the construction of the law by
the paymasters. There are stoppages against
them for disbursements which the War Depart-
ment says were contrary to law; and any gen-
tleman acquainted with the orders which have
emanated from the War Department—the mul-
tiplicity and confusion of orders construing
acts of Congress—must know that the paymas-
ter must be a very wise man indeed who could
•steer through them all without being charged
with stoppages.
Now, the bill that I introduced provided that
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
should credit to paymasters in the settlement
of their accounts moneys actually disbursed
to troops in good faith. TheHousewillunder-
stand that the troops have got the money and
not the paymasters; the soldiers have got it.
In some instance, perhaps, they have got money
where they ought not to have done so. But in
my opinion, in most instances where these
stoppages are charged against paymasters, they
did pay the money in pursuance of law. But
there is a difference of opinion among the offi-
cers of the Paymaster General's department as
to the law. The paymasters are now in this
predicament: there are stoppages againstthem,
not for money they have swindled the Govern-
ment out of, but for money disbursed in good
faith. I think a bill of that kind ought to be
passed. A bill of that kind must be passed
some time or other.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I rise to a
question of order. The gentleman's bill is not
here for discussion, and a discussion of his bill
is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The resolution certainly opens
up a very wide scope of debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Now, I have but a
word more to say in conclusion, and that is
this : I hope the resolution of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Washburn] and the bill for
the relief of paymasters will be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and that they
may, either with or without instructions to that
effect, report some such bill as the one to which
I have alluded. That bill will operate equally
upon all the paymasters of the Army, while
the quarter per cent, bill does not. As I said
before, some paymasters have disbursed more
money than others, and some have been placed
in positions of more responsibility than others;
and under the quarter per cent, bill some would
receive a much larger compensationthan others.
But a bill intended to apply to money actu-
ally disbursed in good faith will operate equally
upon all paymasters, and, in my opinion, is but
a simple act of justice.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I have accomplished
my object in calling the attention of the House
to this subject. Perhaps it will be in order at
this point for me to say that we cannot be too
slow in passing bills of a general character. It
is unfair that one dishonest paymaster, or one
dishonest man, or one dishonest claim should
ride ninety-nine honest ones through this
House.
Now, I am perfectly willing that this whole
matter should be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, but I would much
rather that all these things should go where I
am obliged to send my claims for the poor one-
armed and one-legged soldiers, to the Commit-
tee of Claims ; but if the House shall decide
otherwise I shall not object.
I now yield the remainder of my time to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Washbtrx.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I intro-
duced this resolution in good faith, as I sup-
posed the paymasters and those who repre-
sented them upon this floor wished for the
information it calls for.
I find laid upon my table this morning a
printed paper addressed "to the honorable
Committee onMilitary Affairs. House of Repre-
sentatives,'" and entitled "Application of Army
paymasters for relief." and signed by persons
claiming to be "late additional paymasters
United States Army."' In that paper I find
this statement:
"Paymasters' accounts have been settled only to
April, May, and June. 1863. Wot having access to
the official papers of the accounting officers, we are
enabled to exhibit to the committee only such disal-
lowed balances as have been officially reported to us
in our own cases. These are as follows:
Major Anthony Ten Eyck, settlement to May 31,
, ISO'S S2o,022 89
Major John Coon, settlement to Apiil 30,
1863  20,065 89
My resolution is simply that the Paymaster
General be requested to furnish to us the names
of such paymasters as have stoppages charged
against them and the cause for those stoppages.
Now, the chairman of the Military Commit-
tee [Mr. Schexck] evidently misunderstands
mj'resolution. Being a military man he un-
derstands the technical meaning of the word
"stoppages," and that no stoppages can be
made to any paymaster's account until that
account has been settled. If there are un-
settled balances standing against these pay-
masters they do not come under this resolution
at all.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman is entirely
mistaken; these stoppages are not made in the
Paymaster General's ofiice, but in the office of
the Second Auditor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I do not
care where they are made. They do not goto
the Second Auditor's office until the stoppages
are made; and the stoppages are not made
unless the Department has some good reason
to believe that wrong and improper payments
have been made, or the money has been fraud-
ulently disposed of.
Now, the only point involved in my resolution
is this: are we to have the names of the- pay-
masters that have stoppages charged against
them, and the amounts and causes of those
stoppages; or shall we say simply that every
paymaster has been making mistakes and needs
the payment of this quarter of one per cent.?
This is simply asking for information, and in-
formation only in regard to these claims that
have been examined by the proper accounting
officers, and which the proper accounting offi-
cers have decided should not be allowed.
I now call the previous question on this
resolution.
Mr. SCHENCIv. I hope this resolution will
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Indiana [JIr.WAsnBnr.x] will
consent to have this resolution referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman from Indi-
ana withdraw his call for the previous question,
and yield the floor to me for a few moments?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to say merely that if
it is important now to have this action in regard
to the paymasters of the Army, there are just
as good and important reasons why there should
be similar action in regard to quartermas-
ters 
Mr. SCHENCK. Not the slightest
Mr. DAVIS. Commissaries of subsistence,
and all disbursing officers in the field. And I
can show how that should be done. I under- '
stand, from persons connected with those de-
partments, that the same difficulties exist in
those cases as in this case.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman will per-
mit mo to say that the quartermaster and com-
missary are in each case protected by the order
of the commanding officer in the field; and the
accounting officer does not go behind that. Tho
paymasters have no such protection. They are
required to make their payments under the
existing laws and regulations whatever they
may be, without being protected by a y direc-
tion or order of any of the officers commanding
in the field. This is the reason why interfer-
ence has always been found necessary in behalf
of paymasters, while it has not been needed in
other eases.
Jlr. DAVIS. I have made my statement
upon the authority of a quartermaster in the
Army. I may have been misled. Douutless
the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs is well informed on this subject.
But I say that, if this Government is to
