1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8885
one fourth of the net earnings of the road
pledged. You pay nothing but the interest;
there is n# liability for the principal of the
stock; and here is this vast amount of land
and here is one fourth of the proceeds of this
road pledged to the payment of the interest.
So it does~seera to rae that there is no proba-
bility at all that the Government will be com-
pelled to pay one cent which is not reimbursed
to us under these provisions of this bill.
This is simply the Government loaning to
this company its credit; it simply becomes an
indorser of the stock. The company will pay
the interest if it can. The simple object of
this is to enable the company to negotiate its
stock and raise the necessary money. Every
man knows that railroads cannot be constructed^
in this country unless the road be mortgaged
or bonds be given, unless some means are em- j
ployed for raising money. What other way j
can this road adopt unless it be to have some j
guarantee of this description? Should the com-
pany apply to au individual to subscribe ten
thousand or fifty thousand dollars for the con-
struction of this road, that individual may not
wish to invest his money because he does not
know that other persons enough will take the
balance of the stock so as to make the road a
success ; and if it is a failure, whatever he eon-
tributes in that way is lost to him: and so it is
impossible to bring persons enough to agree to
contribute capital enough bytaking stockto make
the road a certainty, to make its success a cer-
tainty, and each individual stands_ back, is un-
willing to put forward his capital in this enter-
prise because he apprehends that there will not
be capital raised elsewhere, put with his capi-
tal, to construct and finish the road; but when-
ever the Government guaranties the interest,
men are willing to contribute their capital for
this purpose, and the construction of the road
becomes a certainty, a success.
Mr. President, I am taxing the patience of
the Senate, and I will not say more.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, I did desire
to make some remarks upon this bill; but the
day is so oppressive here and the Senate «a
anxious to terminate the debate, that I wil.
not attempt to detain the Senate but a very
short time in any discussion. And sir, but tor
the extraordinary, as it seems to me, opposi-
tion to this bill I would content myselt with
not saying anything whatever.
The gentlemen who oppose this bill assume
that the Government is to pay $122,000,000 of
interest on the stock guarantied to this road
and never to receive a dollar back, inat as-
sumption, in my judgment, is unreasonable and
unwarranted by anything contained in this bill.
If gentlemen will consult this bill and will
make figures, they will find that at tae end o
ten years, when this road is to be constructed,
the Governmentcaniiot possibly have advanced
over about nineteen million dollars as inferos ,
and in that time the land will have been sold
to pay those nineteen million dollars. After the
road is completed then twenty-five percent, ot
the net earnings are to be paid into the .treas-
ury of the United States. But the Senator from
Ohio tells us that the Government ot the Uni-
ted States is to pav one hundred and twenty-
two millions. Why, it will have advanced only
nineteen millions up to the day that this road
is constructed and running; and then twenty -
five per cent, of the net earnings are to go mto
the Treasury of the United Stales Is theie
a sensible man in this body who beheves; that
after that dav the Government will adv'^
one single dollar more than it receives fiom
the net earnings? If there is, I much 1
prehend the meaning of this bill.
The centlemau says that tnc_ land g
this road is sufficient to build n, and jet he
says that this company offers no seeuiltv
Government for the contemplated aid. H.the
laud grant is sufficient to build the road, halt
the land certainly is some security. „ j
that the value of the lands S1l"a1ntt:di^
is sufficient to build the road, but ,,
now be made available, they cannot be .old. |
By this bill the company is to bund twen y ,
five miles of road, put in its own money, and
then the Government is to guaranty the stock
of the road to a certain amount.
Mr. IIOWAKD. On that particular section.
Mr. CRAGIN. On that particular section,
and so on as it advances, and the moment the
road begins to be built then the land will begin
to be valuable and to be sold, and the proceeds
of the lands on the south side will, as they are
sold, go into the Treasury of the United States;
and my own belief is here to-day tliatif this bill
passes the Government of the United States
will never advance §5,000,000 to this company
that they do not repay instantly. Up to 1871,
it is estimated that the Government will ad-
vance about a million and a half dollara. By
that time the lands will be selling, and the
amount of .the Government advance will be
'constantly reduced by this means; but if the
lands should not be sufficient at the end of
ten years, when the Government has advanced
only about nineteen millions, as I remarked
before, then comes in twenty-five per cent, of
the net earnings of the road; and after that
day, I repeat, in my judgment, the Govern-
ment will never advance a single dollar.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to ask the Senator
a question. I have not examined this bill very
carefully; but I perceive the Senator says that
twenty-five per cent, of the net earnings, after
the road is built, is to be paid into the Treas-
ury of the United States. I suppose that is in
liquidation of the interest.
Mr. CRAGIN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. What is to become of the
other seventy-five per cent.?
Mr. CRAGIN. That goes-to the company,
I suppose.
Mr. HOWE. Is it supposed, then, that the
company will expend three times as much in
the construction of this road as the Govern-
ment is asked to guaranty ?
Mr CRAGIN. It is estimated that the road
will cost at least $150,000,000, and they esti-
mate this^guarantee from the Government at
ahouiiiffiety-five millions, aslundorstand ; and
in order to make the Government perfectly se-
cure and safe, in addition to mortgaging prac-
tically one half of the lands, the bill provides
that if the lauds do not reimburse the Govern-
ment for this payment of interest twenty-five
per cent, of the net earnings of the road shall
be paid until the liquidation is complete.
Mr. HOWE. Now let me see if I understand
the Senator. Do I understand his statement
to b° that the road will cost $150,000,000?
Mr. CRAGIN. That is the estimate.
Mr. HOWE. Of that $150,000,000 the Gov-
ernment is asked to guaranty the interest on
$95,000,000, which would leave the expenditure
to be made by the company $55,000,000. Then
is it the operation of the bill to give tnem sev-
enty-five per cent, of the net earnings to apply
on $55,000,000 of expenditure, while the Gov-
ernment has twenty-live per cent, to apply on
$05,000,000? „ ,
Mr CRAGIN. The bill makes no provision
in reference to that. That is merely an mfcr-
' ence. All this time the lands are being sold.
Mr. RAMSEY. The anticipation is that the
twenty-five per cent, will never be called for,
that the land in the mean time will pay all the
GMi-rcXfG?raitTiCyethatthegentlemen
who oppose this bill have unfairly stated the
case. They have taken the figures at the very
highest amount possible, and the Senator from
Ohio niacins: the guarantee at $122,000,UUU,
treats it as though the Government was never
to receive one cent back, and in his compar
ison he makes it out that by this bill we are
grantin" much more aid to this road pecumanly
than was granted to the Union Pacific railroad
and i l l inches. He says that Congress has
Sow granted to the Union Pacuhc
its branches about ninety-eight million dollars.
This he admits as simply the principal of the
bonds, and yet 1 he interest on those bonds added
would more than equal the interest wmeh is
contemplated by this bill and make a total sum
of $272,000,000.
The Senatorfrom Ohio also brings up another
objection. He greatly fears this road is to fall
into the hands of British capitalists, and for
that reason he is opposed to the bill. It was
mainly on this point; that I rose to make a sin-
gle remark. It happens that I am personally
acquainted with nearly all the directors and
managers of this road. I know them to be
personally the ablest railroad men in the east-
ern part of this Union, and men of undoubted
integrity and ability, and I have not the slight-
est apprehension that they would in any way
be parties to any fraud of that kind. If this
aid is granted they ni'ean in good faith to build
th« road. That is their purpose. They are
men of energy, and they wish to succeed in this
enterprise. And, sir, is it a new thing in this
body to hear about foreign aid? Were we not
told a short time ago that the Union Pacific
Railroad Company had sent abroad agents to • 
negotiate a mortgage upon its-whole line'to
raise funds in Europe ? Certainly that state-
ment was made here ; whether true or not I do
not know.
Sir, I hope this bill will pass. I believe that
the interests of the country demand it. I be-
lieve that the Government will be the gainer
by granting this little aid which is contem-
plated by the bill, for I do not^ think it will
amount to any great sum. If I did not believe
that the Government would be reimbursed fully
and completely for this guarantee of interest I
certainly should not vote for the bill. I do not
believe it. On the other hand I believe that
the Government will be fully reimbursed and
not only that, I believe the building of this
road will open up valuable portions of this
country; I believe it will develop the resources
of this country to a very great extent, and that
the revenues of the country will be increased
to a vast amount. Not only will the Govern-
ment have a lien upon one half of these lands,
but the other sections which are owned by the
Government will be enhanced in value and
will bring into the Treasury money which other-
wise would not come there. I hope, sir, that
this bill will pass. .
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President, a brief state-
ment will show how unsubstantial are the argu-
ments in opposition to this bill. If the bill be
passed it will require five years until 18 il—
to complete iroiu two hundred to three hundred
miles of this road, and all the surveys, accord-
ing to the estimate of the company ; and in all
that time the Treasury of the nation will be
called upon to contribute but $1,700,000 to
initiate this great work. The Senator_ lrom
Ohio, who has arrayed himself in opposition to
this bill admits that some day or other this
work must be accomplished, and that it must
be done by the aid of the Government, if not
otherwise completed; he surely then will not
persist in counseling the loss ot live or six
years, a period so momentous, as the last twenty
years have shown us, in the development, ol
new Territories, the enlargement ol the bound-
aries of civilization, and the vast addition to
the wealth and commerce of the world, tor
comparatively so insignificant a consideration.
"Why, sir, the thorough survey of the conti-
nent on that line which this project will sccure,
and the two hundred or three hundred miles
of road which it will construct, will be greatly
more valuable than all the money we ask iou
will get infinitely more than the woith ol your
money. As I speak so many advantages pre-
sent themselves to my mind, the magnitude of
the interests involved is so palpable, that J tear
to enter upon the subject now would be to do
injustice to the theme. But take a prosaie
statement which alone will justify the passage
of this bill. By making three hundred miles
of road from the termination of Lake Superior
westwardly, you reach the Red river country;
and four hundred miles more bring you to tne
Missouri river. Thus by making seven hun-
dred miles of railroad you connect twenty-live
hundred miles of lake navigation with .our hun-
dred miles of navigation on the Missouri r  cr,
I from Fort Union or Fort Lcrrhole, into (he
> beartof Montana, at Fort Benton, making nearly
