1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
480-
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong.... 1st Sgss.
Wilson, widow of William H. Wilson, late act-
ing surgeon United States volunteers, on the
pension-roll, at the rate of seventeen dollars
" per month, to commence from the passage of
this act, and to. continue during her widowhood.
Approved, April 18,1866.
Chap. LX.—An Act directing the Enrollment
of Agnes W. Laughlin, the Widow of a de-
ceased Soldier, as a Pensioner.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembledt That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, directed to enroll
Agnes W. Laughlin, widow of William Laugh-
lin, deceased, late a private in company " C"
third Indiana cavalry, as entitled to a pension
from first of January, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, to continue during her widowhood.
Approved, April 18, 1866.
Chap. LXT.—An Act for the Belief of Ann
Heth, Widow of William Heth, of Harrison
County, Indiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and lie hereby is, directed to place
the name of Ann Heth, widow of William Heth,
of Harrison county, in the State of Indiana,
who was killed by the rebel Morgan's men,
while resisting their advance upon Corydon,
Indiana, upon the pension-roll, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, to commence on the
ninth day of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, and to continue during her widowhood.
Approved, April 18, 1866.
Chap. LXII.—An Act granting a Pension to
Mrs. Emerance Gouler.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America iii
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Mrs. Emeranee
Gouler, widow of Charles Gouler, late a pri-
vate in company " F," ninth. New Hampshire
volunteers, on the pension-roll, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, to commence from the
passage of this bill, and to continue during her
widowhood.
Approved, April 18, 1866.
Chap. LXIV.—An Act for the Relief of Thomas
Hurly.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, directed to place
the name of Thomas Hurly, late a private of
company "K," eighth Tennessee cavalry upon
the pension-rolls, at the rate of twenty dollars
per month, from and after the passage of this
act, and to continue during his natural life.
Approved, April 20, 1866.
Chap. LXVL— An Act for the Relief [of]
Thomas F. Wilson, late United States Con-
sul at Bahia, Brazil.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
pay to Thomas F. Wilson, late United btates
consul at Bahia fifteen hundred dollars,_ out ot
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, in full compensation for extra ser-
vices and for all other claims lie may have
against the Government, while in the service
of the United States as consul.
Approved, April 25, 1866.
Chap. LXVII. — An Act for the Relief of
Theodor G. Eiswald.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States oj Armnca/m
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
issue and pay to Theodor G. Eiswald, of Provi-
dence, in the State of Rhode Island, two United
States coupon bonds, known as the denomi-
nation of seven-thirty bonds, of one thousand
dollars each, with coupons attached, in lieu
of two seven-thirty bonds of the United States,
issued under an act of Congress, partially de-
stroyed by fire, the charred remnants thereof
being now deposited in the office of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and numbered respect-
ively one hundred and four thousan-d one hun-
dred and fifty-two, and one hundred and four
thousand one hundred and fifty-three, dated
June fifteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five,
and issued under the act of March third, eight-
een hundred and sixty-five: Provided, That
the said Theodor G. Eiswald shall execute a
bond in the penal sum of five thousand dollars,
to be approved by the Solicitor of the Treas-
ury, indemnifying the United States against
any loss, cost, or damage on account of the
issuing of said bills.
Approved, April 25, 1866.
Chap. XC.—An Act [for] the Relief of Francis
A. Gibbons.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized fcd
pay, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise expended, the sum of five hundred!
and sixty-three dollars and nineteen cents to
Francis A. Gibbons, the same being money
paid by him for property purchased at a quar-
termaster' s sale in the city of Baltimore, Mary-
land, on the fifteenth day of February, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, under the direction of
Colonel Belger, assistant quartermaster, which,
was not delivered to the purchaser.
Approved, May 22, 1866.
Ciiap. LXIX.—An Act for the Relief of George
R. Frank, late Captain Thirty-Third Regi-
ment Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Paymaster Gen-
eral of the U nited States Army be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to settle and
pay oat of any money appropriated, or here-
after to be appropriated, for the payment of
the Army, the account of George R. Frank,
late a captain in the thirty-third regiment of
Wisconsin volunteer infantry, for his services,
and all allowances as captain in said regiment,
in the service of the United States, from the
date of his last payment to the time of the final
muster out and payment of said regiment, the
same as though the said George R. Frank had
not been mustered out as captain for the pur-
pose of being mustered in as major or other-
wise.
Approved, April 26, 1866.
Chap. LXXVIL— An Actforthe Benefit of Col.
R. E. Bryant.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department be, and
they are hereby, authorized and required to
allow to R. E. Bryant, late commissary of sub-
sistence, on settlement of his account, a credit
of fourteen hundred and eighty-four dollars and
thirteen cents, the vouchers and accounts for
which were lost and destroyed, falling into the
hands of the enemy at Holly Springs, Missis-
sippi, on the twentieth day of September, eight-
een hundred and sixty-two, if on examining the
evidence by the Commissary General the said
Commissary General shall deem him justly enti-
tled to said credit; but said credit shall not be
allowed without the said Commissary General
shall certify approval thereof.
Approved, May 9, 1866.
Chap. LXXVIII.— An Act for the Relief of
II. L. B. Clarke.
Be it enacted by the Senate arid House of Rep-
resentatives of the United btates of America, in
Conqress assembled, That the Treasurer ot the
United States be, and he is hereby, directed
to pay, out of anv money in the Treasury ot
the United States not otherwise appropriated,
the sum of one thousand five hundred dollars
to R. L. B. Clarke, in full for the time and ex-
pense incurred by him in contesting the seat ot
Augustus Hall, from the first district of Iowa,
in the Thirty-Fourth Congress.
Approved, May 0, 186S.
Chap. XCI.—An Act granting [a] Pension to
Spencer Kellogg.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in,
' Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and is hereby, authorized and'
directed to place the name of Spencer Kellogg,
of Oswego county, State of New York, on the
roll of invalid pensions, and pay or cause to
be paid to his legally appointed guardian the
sum of twenty dollars per month, until he, the
said Spencer Kellogg, shall have attained the
age of sixteen years; this act to take effect from,
the sixth day of September, eighteen hundred
and sixty-five.
Approved, May 22, 1866.
Chap. XCII.—An Act granting a Pension to
John Hoffman, of Madison County, in the
State of New York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and is hereby, directed to place the
name of John Hoffman, of Madison county, in
the State of New York, on the pension-roll, at
the rate of eight dollars per month, to com-
mence from and after the passage of this act,
and to continue during his natural life.
Approved, May 22, 1866.
Chap. XCIII.—An Act for the Relief of the
legal Representatives of Betsey Nash.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the provisions of the
act of Congress approved March three, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven, for the relief of Betsey
Nash, are hereby extended to her legal rep-
resentatives, and the amount appropriated by
said act is hereby directed to be paid to them:
Provided, That the sum paid by virtue of this
act shall not exceed the amount due said Betsey
Nash at the time of her death.
Approved, May 22, 1866.
Chap. XCI V;—An Act for the Relief of Martha
J. Willey.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America m
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and is hereby, authorized and di-
rected to place the name of Martha J. vvilley,
widow of George W. Willey, late a corporal m
company F, seventh regiment Nev? Hampshire
volunteers, on the pension-rolls, at the rate ot
eight dollars per month, said pension to com-
mence on the eighteenth day of April, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five, and to continue during
her widowhood; and in the event of the mar-
riage or death of said Martha J. Willey, then
to the minor children of George W. Willeyj
subject to the limitations and restrictions ot
the pension laws.
Approved, May 22,1866.
