436
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 12
39th Cons. .. .1st Sess.
Laivs of ilie United States.
Chap. XCY.—An Act for the Relief of Isabella
Strubitig.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Isabella Strubing,
widow of private Damon Strubing, deceased,
late of company B, forty-sixth regiment Penn-
sylvania volunteers, on the pension-roll, and
pay or cause to be paid to her the sum of eight
dollars per month from the thirtieth'day of May,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and to con-
tinue during her widowhood, and in the event
of the death or marriage of said Isabella Stru-
bing, to the minor children of Damon Strubing
until they shall have attained the age of sixteen
years.
Approved, May 22, 1860.
Chap. XCVIII.—An Act to grant a Pension to
Leonard St. Clair.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and hereby is, authorized and di-
rected to place the name of Leonard St. Clair
on the pension-rolls of the United States as
a pensioner, at the rate of eight dollars per
month.
Approved, May 24, 1866.
Chap. XCIX.—An Act for the Relief of Mrs.
William L. Herndon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled,_ That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, required to cause
a copyright to issue securing to Mrs. William
L. Eterndon, to her heirs, assigns, and legal rep-
resentatives, the exclusive right to republish
the book entitled "Exploration of the Valley
of the Amazon," heretofore published under
order of Congress, and to publish the same for
the term of fourteen years from the passage of
this act.
Approved, May 24, 1866.
Chap. CI.—An Act for the Relief of Cornelius
B. Gold, late Acting Assistant Paymaster
United States Navy.
Beit enacted by th e Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Government be, and they
are hereby, authorized and directed, in the
settlement of the accounts.of Cornelius R.
Gold, late acting assistant paymaster IT. S.
Navy, to allow a credit of five hundred and ten
dollars and nine cents for clothing abstracted
from a store-room in charge of said Gold while
on duty in Mobile bay in the spring or summer
of eighteen hundred and sixty-five: Provided,
That no credit shall be allowed until the proper
officers of the Government shall be satisfied
by full and complete proof of the loss of the
clothing herein referred to.
Approved, May 26, 1866.
Chap. CVL—An Act granting [a] Pension to
Mrs. Sally Andrews.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Sally Andrews,
of Buxton, York county, Maine, widow of the
late Elisha Andrews, quarter gunner on board
the "Levetta Adams," on the pension-list of
invalid pensioners, and pay or cause to be paid
to her the sum of eight dollars per month dur-
ing her widowhood, the pension to commence
from and after the passage of this act.
Approved,. Juns 6, 1866.
Chap. CVII.—An Act granting a Pension to
Mrs. Joanna Winans.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
required to place the name of Mrs. Joanna
Winans, mother of George W. Winans, late
an acting assistant paymaster in the United
States Navy, on the roll of naval pensioners,
at the rate of twenty dollars per month, to
continue during her widowhood, the said pen-
sion to be paid out of the naval pension fund.
AppBOVEDy June 6, 1866.
Chap. CVIII.—An Act for the Relief of Chris-
tina Elder.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby directed to pay to Christina
Elder, of the city of New York, the arrears of
pension to which Jessie Elder, mother of the
saidChristinaElderandof Alexander B. Elder,
late lieutenant colonel .of the tenth regiment
of New York volunteers, would have been enti-
tled, had the certificate of W. T. Otto, acting
Secretary of the Interior, countersigned by
Joseph H. Barrett, Commissioner of Pensions,
and bearing date on the twenty-fifth day of
November, in the year one thousand eight
hundred and sixty-five, in favor of the said
Jessie Elder, been granted in his lifetime.
Approved, June 6, 1866.
Chap. CIX.—An Act for the Relief of Cordelia
Murray.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, directed to pay
to Cordelia Murray, widow of George Vf. Mur-
ray, a pension equal in amount to the pension
granted to the said George W. Murray, by an
act of Congress approved December twentieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty four, entitled "An
act for the relief of George W. Murray."
Approved, June 6, 1866.
Chap. CXII.—An Aet, granting a Pension to
Mrs. Martha Stevens.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, directed to place
the name of Mrs. Martha Stevens, widow of
John F. Stevens, late deputy provost marshal
of the fourth congressional district of the State
of Indiana, on the pension-roll, at the rate of
seventeen dollars per month, to commence from
the tenth day of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, and to continue during her widow-
hood.
Appboved, June 8, 1866.
CnAP. CXIII.—An Act granting a Pension to
Anna E. Ward.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and is hereby, authorized and di-
rected to place the name of Anna E. Ward,
of the city of Washington, D. C., widow of the
late Joseph D. Ward, second Kentucky volun-
teers, on the list of pensioners, and pay or cause
to be paid to her the sum of eight dollars per
month during her widowhood; and in the event
of the marriage or death of said Anna E. Ward,
then to the minor children of Joseph D. Ward,
subject to the limitations and restrictions of the
pension laws; this act to take effect from and
after its passage.
Approved, June 8, 1866.
Chap. CXVIII.—An Act to confirm the Title
of Jose Serafin Ramirez to certain Lands in
New Mexico.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the grant to Jos6
Serafin Ramirez of the Canon del Agua, as ap-
proved by the surveyor general of New Mexico
January twenty, eighteen hundred and sixty,
and designated as number seventy in the tran-
script of private land clai ns in New Mexico,
transmitted to Congress by the Secretary of the
Interior January eleven, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, is hereby confirmed: Provided, how-
ever, That this confirmation shall only be con-
strued as a relinquishment on the part of the
United States, and shall not affect the adverse
rights of any persons whomsoever.
Approved, June 12, 1866.
Chap. CXIX.—An Act to confirm the Grant
of certain Lands to Jos6 Domingues, in Cal-
ifornia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stcdes of America in
Congress assembled, That the grant to Jos6
Domingues of the land known as Los Prietos y
Najalayegua, in the county of Santa Barbara,
granted to him at Los Angelos, September
twenty-four, eighteen hundred and forty-five,
by ©overnor Pio Pico, and approved by the
departmental assembly of Alta California, June
third, eighteen hundred and forty-six, is hereby
confirmed. And the surveyor general of Cali-
fornia is hereby directed to proceed and survey
said lands in accordance with the original title
papers on file in his office, and when said sur:
vey shall have been approved by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, a patent
shall be issued for said lands to said Domingues,
or parties holding under him by inheritance or
otherwise. This confirmation shall only be
construed as a relinquishment on the part of
the United States, and shall not affect the ad-
verse right of any person whomsoever.
Appr.ovED, June 12, 1866.
Chap. CXX.—An Act for the Relief of Mrs.
Anna G. Gaston.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby directed to place upon the
pension-roll the name of Mrs. AnnaG. Gaston,
of the city of Washington, widow of Albert G.
Gaston, deceased, late a lieutenant in the six-
teenth regiment of Virginia volunteers, from
the date of the discharge of her said husband
from the military service of the United States,
on account of disability arising from disease
contracted in the said service, until the date of
his death, namely, from the fifth day of May,
in the year eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
to the seventh day of February, in the year
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, and to cause
to be paid to the said Mrs. Anna G. Gaston, a
pension at the rate of seventeen dollars per
month for the said term, without prejudice to
the pension heretofore allowed her by the Com-
missioner of Pensions.
Approved, June 12, 1806.
Chap. CXXI.—An Act for the Relief of Maria
Syphax.
Beit enactcdby the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the title to a piece
of land, being part of the Arlington estate, in
the county of Alexandria, in the State of Vir-
ginia, upon which Maria Syphax has resided
since about the year eighteen hundred and
twenty-six, bounded and described as follows,
to wit: beginningattheintersection of the south
line of said Arlington estate with the center
line of a small run, said point of intersection
being about one fourth of a mile from the fiouth-
