2876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
made with us has been that the State of Penn-
sylvania has conccntrated in a single corpora-
tion all the powers conferred by their law upon
any railroad. IheSenatorfrom Pennsylvania
says that Pennsylvania is a very prudent State
and will not charter new companies until they
are shown to be'profitable. I can only say
that if the State of Pennsylvania will allow
other communities and other people to build
railroads in that State where they think they
will be profitable, they taking all the risk, there
will be no further complaint made of that State.
But until then, as long as she confers upon one
corporation all the powers she grants to any
railroad, there will be continual complaints;
and when she endeavors to compress into one
single channel of communication all the vast
commerce of the West there will be continual
complaint.
Mr. COWAN. I do not wish to make any
extended remarks in reply to the honorable
Senator in his strictures upon Pennsylvania:
but I expect, toward the latter part of the
week, or perhaps the beginning of next week,
when the affairs of Sir Morton Peto & Co. are
wound up, the honorable gentleman will be
better informed; and I have no doubt he will
take it all back, as he has done in the case of
Maryland.
Mr. SHERMAN. In reply to the allusion
to Sir Morton Peto, I will say that there was
another remarkable case where one of its own
corporations and other persons connected with
an important railroad, the Atlantic and Great
Western railroad, were prevented by the State
of Pennsylvania from expending perhaps twenty
million dollars in that State in the construction
of a new line of railroad. The companies had
actually been organized for the purpose of con-
structing a new line of communication along
the northern border of the State of Pennsyl-
vania, in which several of the existing corpo-
rations of Pennsylvania were largely interested,
and the State of Pennsylvania refused to allow
the necessary corporate franchises and privi-
leges to construct that road, and through the
agency of their courts they defeated the efforts
of existing corporations to do it. I am happy
to say in regard to Sir Morton Peto, who is a
gentleman certainly of very remarkable enter-
prise and ability, that he has already recovered
from his troubles; and I hope that yet, if the
State of Pennsylvania will not stand in the
way, he will aid the people of this country in
constructing a new line of communication con-
necting the Atlantic and Great Western railroad
with the city of New York.
The--question being taken by yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill, resulted—yeas 22,
nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Con-
ness, Cragin, Edmunds, Grimes, Howard, Howe,
Kirkwood, Lane of Indiana, Morgan, Nye, Poland,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner,
Wade, Williams, and Wilson—22.
NAYS—Messrs.Buekalew, Cowan, Creswell, Davis,
Doolittie, Fessenden, Foster, Guthrie, Harris, Hen-
derson, Hendricks, Johnson. Morrill, Norton, Rid-
dle, Saulsbury, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Wil-
ley—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Dixon, Lane of Kansas,
MeDougall, Nesmith, Sprague, Wright, and Yates—8.
So the bill was passed.
PRINTING OP A BILL.
Mr. STEWART submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Commit-
. tee on Printing:
Hesolved, That five thousand copies of the report
of the Committee on Mines, explaining certain pro-
posed amendments to Senate bill 257, together with
a like number of copies of said bill, with proposed
amendments, recommended by the committee, be
printed for the use of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhbrsox, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed an
enrolled bill (S. No. 237) granting a pension
to Mrs. Martha Stevens; and it was thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore of the
Senate.
LUMBERING ON TIIE ST. CEOIX RIVEB.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the 'Senate to take
up for consideration Senate bill No. 208. It
is a short bill, and will take but a moment.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 208) to protect Ameri-
can citizens engaged in lumbering on the St.
Croix river, m the State of Maine. It pro-
vides that the produce of the forests of the
State of Maine upon the St. Croix river and its
tributaries, owned by American citizens, and
sawed in the Province of New Brunswick by
American citizens, (the same being unmanu-
factured in whole or in part.) shall be admitted
into the ports of the United States free oi duty,
under such regulations as the Secretary of the
Treasury shall from time to time prescribe. _
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the bill
in section one, line seven, by inserting after
the words ''the same being unmanufactured in
whole or in part" the words " and having paid
the same taxes as other American lumber on
that river.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time and
passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 29, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
PENSION BILLS ItEi'ERBED.
The following bills were taken up from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions :
An act (S. No. 261) for the relief of Mrs.
Anna G. Gaston;
An act (S. No. 275) for the relief of Cor-
nelius Crowley;
Aa act (S. No. 291) granting a pension to
Mrs. Rebecca Irwin;
An act (S. No. 238) granting a pension to
Jane D. Brent;
An act (S. No. 299) granting a pension to
Jane E. Miles ;
An act (S. No. 314) for the relief of Sarah
J. Purcell;
An act (S. No. 326) granting a pension to
Harriet B. Crocker;
An act (S. No. 327) granting a pension to
Mrs. Katharine F. Winslow;
An act (S. No. 329) for the relief of Mrs.
Margaret Kaetzel;
An act (S. No. 328) for the relief of Abigail
Ryan; and
An act (S. No. 339) granting a pension to
Benjamin Franklin.
CIRCUIT COURT IX DISTRICT 01' COLUMBIA.
The SPEAKER stated as the first business
in order the consideration of the unfinished
business of yesterday, being Senate bill No.
184, to define more clearly the jurisdiction and
powers of the circuit court of the District of
Columbia.
Mr. WOODBRIDG-E. I am instructed by
the Committee on the Judiciary to move to
amend this bill by striking out the first four
sections, and I will state to the House the rea-
son for that motion. Those sections are merely
a reenactment of the existing law, except in
one particular; that is, providing that appeals
from justices shall be heard by the court in
banc. The inserting that provision was man-
ifestly an error on the part of the Senate.
The amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing:
That the justices of saidcourtshall hold acommon-
Jaw court, an equity court, an admiralty and mari-
time court, and a criminal court for said District.
Sec. 2. And be it.further cnactcrf, Thotsaiil.iustic.es
shall hold sessions in banc at such limes as they shall
designate in their minutes; and at said serums they
shall bnve power, and it shall be thciv duty to allot
said courts among themselves. as they see lit,. by
orders to be entered of record in their niim.te.--, <>ut
so as to eaeh of said < in.' to no held by one
justice: to make yll appointments ii-Mgned to-uul
court bylaw; to remove oiliceis appointed Uy iti
such manner as may be piesfnbed by I.lw, to h'-.ir
and decide all questions of law which may be re-ei-v^d
at the trial of any cause in either oi said coiuts; to
hear and decide all such issues of law, demuirei'S to
evidence, questions of law arising on special verdict,
or special or agreed ease, motions in arrest of judg-
ment, motions for a new trial, or other motions as
may be adjourned to the court in banc, by an older
on the minutes of the court in which such matter
arises: to hear and decide all appeals from the final
decisions of cither ot said courts; to hear and docide
all appeals from the orphans' eourt ;hmI from jus-
tices of the peace; to fix the times of holding the
stated and special sessions or terms of said courts,
and cause said times to be entered upon their min-
utes; to cause jurors to be summoned to serve in the
said common-law and criminal courts, whenever
jurors arc required by the exigency of the business
therein; to make all such rules of procedure as they
may deem best adapted to a fair and speedy admin-
istration of justice in any of said courts, and alter
and amend the same at pleasure.
Sec. <>. And be it .further enacted, That in the com-
mon-law eourt there shall bo monthly sittings for
the trial <jf issues of law, and for taking judgments
by default, and all other matters not involving or
requiring a trial by jury, which sittings shall com-
mence on the first Tuesday of every month, except
during the stated terms or the recesses of the court.
And for the trial of issues of fact there shall bo at least
three terms every yoar, at times fixed by the justices
at their sessions in banc to be entered in their min-
utes.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted,_ That the equity
court and the admiralty and maritime court shall
be deemed always open for filing libels, bills, peti-
tions, answers, pleas, and other pleadings; for issu-
ing and returning all process and commissions; for
making and directing all interlocutory motions, or-
ders, rules, and other proceedings whatever, prepar-
atory to the hearing of all causes therein: and also
for the trial and final decision of causes, in case the
parties consent to such trial, or the time of prepara-
tion has elapsed, and the cause has been set, and has
stood for trial ten days.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the remainder of the bill.
The first section provides that writs of attach-
ment and garnishments shall be issued by the
clerk of the supreme court of the Distuict,
without any authority or warrant from any
judge or justice, whenever the plaintiff, his
agent or attorney, shall file in the clerk's office,
whether at the commencement or during the
pendency of the suit, an affidavit, supported
by the testimony of one or more witnesses
showing the grounds upon which he bases his
affidavit, and also setting forth that the plaint-
iff has a just right to recover against the de-
fendant what he claims in the declaration, and
also stating either, first, that the defendant is
a non-resident of the District; or, second,
that the defendant evades the service of ordi-
nary process by concealing himself or by with-
drawing from the District temporarily; or,
third, that he has removed or is about to remove
some of his property from the District so as
to defeat just demands against him ; and shall
also file his (the plaintiff's) undertaking, -with
sufficient surety or sureties, to make good all
costs and damages which the defendant may
sustain by reason of the wrongful suing out
of the attachment; provided, however, that if
the defendant, his agent or attorney, shall file
an affidavit traversing the said affidavit, the
court shall determine whether the facts set
forth in said plaintiff's affidavit are true, and
that there was just ground for issuing said writ
or warrant of attachment; and if the court
shall deem the facts do not sustain the affida-
vit, he shall quash the writ of attachment or
garnishment; and this issue may be tried by a
judge at chambers on three days' notice. And
the thing attached shall not be discharged
from the custody of the officer seizing it until
the defendant shall deliver, either to the offi-
cer or to the clcrk, to be filed in the cause,
his undertaking, with sufficient surety or sure-
ties, to satisfy and pay the final judgment of
the court against him ; and in case the de-
fendant befound liable to the plaintiff's claim,
in whole or in part, the final judgment shall
be that the plaintiff recover against the de-
fendant and his surety or sureties; and if the
