THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
February 15,
C6ts, and not to exceed one hundred non-com-
missioned officers and privates, to be taken from
the battalion of engineers, for the performance
ef signal doty; bat no officer or enlisted man
is to be detailed to serve ia the signal corps
watilhe shall have been examined and approved
fey a military board, to be convened by the Sec-
retary of War for that purpose; and officers,
while so detailed, are to receive the pay and
emoluments of cavalry officers of their respect-
ive grades; and enlistedmen, while so detailed,
are, when deemed necessary, to be mounted
upon horses provided by the Government.
.No officer of the regular Army below the rank
of a colonel is hereafter to be promoted to a
higher grade before having passed a satisfactory
examination as to his fitness for promotion and
past reeord of services before a board of three
general officers or officers of his corps or arm
of service, senior to him in rank: and should
the officer fail at the examination, he is to be
suspended from promotion for one year, when
he shall be reexamined, and upon a second fail-
ure be dropped from the rolls of the Army; but
if any officer be found unfit for promotion on
account of moral disqualifications, he is not to
be entitled to a reexamination.
The Adjutant General, Quartermaster Gen-
eral, Commissary General of Subsistence, Sur-
geon General, Paymaster General, Chief of En-
gineers, and Chief of Ordnance are hereafter
to-be appointed by selection from the corps to
which they belong, No person is to be ap-
pointed to any vacancy created by this bill in
the pay, medical, or quartermaster's depart-
ments, or be promoted to any higher grade
•therein, until he shall have passed the examina-
tion required. No person is to be commissioned
in any of the regiments authoiized until he shall
have passed a satisfactory examination before
a board, to be convened under direction of the
Secretary of War, which shall inquire into the
services rendered during the war, capacity, and
qualifications of the applicant; and such ap-
pointment, when made, is to be without regard
to previous rank, but with sole regard to qualifi-
cations and meritorious services. Persons ap-
plying for commissions are not to be entitled
to any compensation for expenses incurred in
reporting to the board for examination.
apportionment of representation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is now before the
Senate, being the joint resolution (H. R. No.
61) proposing to amend the Constitution of the
United States. The pending question is on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Sumner] to the joint resolution
reported by the committee; and upon that ques-
tion the Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILLIAMS addressed the Senate in sup-
fwrt of the resolution. [Ilis speech will be pub-
ished in the Appendix.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hcx-
msicks in the chair.) Is the Senate ready for
the question on the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Massachusetts?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it be read.
The Secretary road the amendment, which
was to add at the end of the joint resolution
the words, "and they shall be exempt from
taxation of all kinds so as to make the pro-
viso read:
Provided, That whenever tho eloctive franchico
shall bo denied or abridged in any Siato on account
of racc or color, all persons therein of &uch race 01-
colorshall be excluded from the bn-.i- of leprcaenta-
tion, and they shall be exempt from taxation of kil
kinds.
Mr. SUMNER. T withdraw that amendment
for the present, iu order that the first vote may
be taken on the general proposition, and I shail
offer it at a subsequent stage of the question.
ThePRESIDING 0FFICE it. (Mr. Pomehoy
in the chair.)_ The Senator from Massachusetts
withdraws Ins proposition, and the question
now before the Senate is on the amendment
of the Senator from Mwsouri [ Mr. JJrA'nEB-
sox] to the substitute offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Somner.]
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desired to submit
some remarks to the Senate upon this proposi-
tion, but did not expect to do it this evening ;
and I forgot to bring with me the notes I in-
tended to use. I do not like to ask a postpone-
ment of the vote, but I know that another Sen-
ator, who could not be here this afternoon, de-
sires to speak, and I suppose what I shall desire
to say, and also his remarks, may be made to-
morrow. I know, also, that the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Yatks] desires to be heard, but
is not in a condition of health to speak either
to-day or perhaps to-morrow. He was very
desirous that the final vote, should not be taken
until Monday evening, so that he could be heard
on Monday. I presume we could have a vote
on Monday evening, if that would be agreeable
to the Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no interest in
this matter other than that which I share ill
common with every other Senator. I am de-
sirous, of course, to have this question disposed
of as soon as it can be with propriety, giving
every gentleman a chance to be heard upon the
subject. It has dragged along now for nearly
two weeks. It is not for mo, simply because I
have charge of this joint resolution, to insist
upon pushing the matter beyond what is rea-
sonable and proper. I do not desire to place
myself in that position.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think the Sen-
ator has done that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But I wish to say to all
gentlemen that this question has taken up a
great deal of time, and it is important to finish
it as soon as possible, as many of the State
Legislatures arc now in session ; and I feel that
if members desire to address the Senate they
must be prepared to go on and do so without a
postponement from day to day for the purpose
of allowing every gentleman to make his speech
in the morning, and then adjourning early every
evening. We shall never get, through in that
way. It has not been customary, after a ques-
tion has been under dehate as long as this res-
olution has been, to extend that indulgence. I
desire to get along with this measure as fast as
I can without appearing discourteous; but I
submit the matter entirely to the Senate.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator from Indiana
does not desire to go on now, and the Senate
is not disposed to insist on further discussion
now, I will move that the further considera-
tion of this joint resolution be postponed, and
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of Senate bill No. 132, to prevent and punish
kidnapping.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
this joint resolution made the special order for
to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. CLARK. I move that it be postponed
to, and made the special order of the day for,
to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. FESSEN'DIiN. And I give notice to
gentlemen that I shall begin to be a little more
quarrelsome—I do not know that it will do any
good—after to-dav.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on tho motion of tho Senator from New
Hampshire.
The motion was agreed to.
prevention of kidnapping.
Mr. CLARK. I now move that the Senate
proceed to consider the bill (S. No. 132) to
prevent and punish kidnapping.
The motion was agreed to. and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides that if any per-
son shail kidnap or carry away any other per-
son, whether negro, mulatto, or otherwise, with
the intent that such other person shall be sold
or carried into involuntary servitude, or held
as a slave : or if any pc-rson shall entice, per-
suade. or knowingly induce any other person to
go on board any vessel or to any other place,
with the intent that, ho or she shall be made or
held as a slave, or sent out of the countiy to be
so made or held, or '-hall in any way knowingly
aid in causing any other person to ho hold, bold",
or carried away, to be held or sold as a slave,
he or she shall be punished, on conviction, by a
fine of not less than $000 nor more than $5,000,
or by imprisonment not exceeding five years, or
by both.
If the master or owners, or person having
charge of any vessel, shall receive on board
any other person, whether negro, mulatto, or
otherwise, with the knowledge or intent that
such person shall be carried from any State,
Territory, or district of the United States, to a
foreign country, State, or place, to be held or
sold as a slave, or shall carry away from any
State, Territory, or district of the U nited States,
any such person, with the intent that he or sire
shall be so held or sold as a slave, such master,
owner, or other person offending, is to be pun-
ished by a fine not exceeding S5,000 nor less
than $500, or by imprisonment not exceeding
five years, or by both. And the vessel on board
which the person was received to be carried
away is to be forfeited to the United States.
Mr. CLARK. I desire simpfy to say that
this bill is reported from the Judiciary Com-
mittee upon a resolution introduced by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. It seemed to the
committee that there was a necessity for the
passage of a bill of this kind, and it has been
thoroughly considered by that committee.
Mr. SUMNER. As I understand it, then, the
bill grows out of those outrages, of which we
had a report, in the Gulf States—in Florida, in
Mississippi, in Louisiana, and Texas—where
freedmcn wore seized and carried off and sold
as slaves. Since I called the attention of the
Senate to those outrages, I have received three
or four other communications, which I have
not with me now, for I did not anticipate that
the bill would be called up to-day, all commu-
nicating additional evidence with regard to
those outrages. They arc going on now in
Florida, and perhaps not unnaturally, because
Florida is the nearest to Cuba; and they are
also going on in Texas, and even in Louisiana.
In this way the proclamation of emancipation
is set at defiance, and a new slave trade is
opened. I am very grateful to the Committee
on the Judiciary forthe promptitude with which
they have reported this remedial measure, and
I hope the Senate will pass it.
Mr. CLARK. I have said that the attention
of the committee was called to this subject by
the resolution of the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
Mr. SUMNER. So I understood the Senator.
Mr. CLARK. And by reports in the news-
papers and from other quarters that this traffic
was carried on, and 011 an examination we found
no sufficient protection in the statutes of the
United States against it. There was some slight
protection in the statute which regulated the
coastwise slave trade, but that was repealed at
the last session, and the committee could find
no suitable provision, in fact no provision at all,
on the statutes that would apply to tins matter,
and they therefore report thi; bill. They have
no particular evidence as to how extensively
this trade has been carried on. or what are the
particular necessities for this measure, but there
are reports of the kind that have been suggested
by the Senator from Massachusetts, and I think
the Senate will see that there ought to be such
a bill to guard against any danger that there
may be in this way.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
i'. a. pattbllson.
Mr. CLARK. I ask the Senate now to pro-
ceed to the consideration of a little bill for the
relief of a Mr. Patterson, formerly an officer of
the Army.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 117) for the relief of F. A. Patterson, late
captain of the third Virginia cavalry, was read
the second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It directs tho Secretary of
War to pay Caplain F. A. Patterson tho_ lull
amount of pay and emoluments as a captain of
the third Virginia cavalry, from the
November, 18(32. tho date of his commission
