1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1917
provision authorizing the accounting officers
to accept other proof of the payment of
money.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will state to the gentle-
men that the other day we passed a bill cov-
ering all these cases of loss of vouchers. It
seems to me that the gentleman from New
York is mixing up two things which have
no relation to. each other. This bill relates
entirely to paymasters.
Mr. WRIGHT. Will the gentleman from
Ohio allow me to say a word ?
Mr. CONKLING. I must object to further
conversation on this subject. I will yield now
to my colleague, [Mr. Morris.]
Mr. MORRIS. I wish to introduce a bill.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done dur-
ing the morning hour. 'J'he House has ordered
that the morning hour shall not be interfered
with.
Mr. CONKLING-. I now move the pre-
vious question on my motion to recommit.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill with the pending amend-
ments was recommitted to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. CONKLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now ask unani-
mous consent that the Committee on Military
Affairs have leave to report the bill back at
any time.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object.
conference report.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
privileged question. I desire to make a report
from a committee of conference. That is a
highly privileged question.
The SPEAKER. A report from a confer-
ence committee is very highly privileged, as the
gentleman states; but the House has ordered
unanimously that the morning hour shall not
he interfered with by any business whatever.
The object was to enable the committees to be
called without interruption, and thus_ present
their business to the House. The Chair, there-
fore, has ruled that election cases and other
questions of privilege cannot interfere with the
morning hour. In the expiring days of the ses-
sion. when the exigency of the public business
justifies it, the Chair would be disposed to relax
this strict ruling.
The SPEAKER, then proceeded to call the
Committee on Foreign Affairs for reports.
gunboat i'oit li3ekia.
Mr. BANKS, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, bill of the Senate
No. 2211, to authorize the President ot the Uni-
ted States to transfer a gunboat to the Govern-
ment of the republic of Liberia.
The bill authorizes the President to transfer
to the Government of the republic of Liberia
any one of the gunboats now or hereafter
included in the Navy of the United States, her
armament, &c., which may be acceptable to
that Government, and which can, in the judg-
ment of the Secretary of the Navy, be conven-
iently spared for that purpose; and upon a
valuation to be fixed bv him, the Secretary of
the Navy is authorized and directed to enter
into a contract with any person duly empow-
ered bv the Government of that republic, by
which that Government shall engage to pay to
the United States the value of the gunboat to
be m> transfer]cd, provided that the contract
shall stipulate for full reimbursement to the
United States of the value of syich gunboat in
annua] installments not exceeding ten in num-
ber. ixith interest on each at six per cent, per
annum.
Mr. HANKS. I demand the previous ques-
tion on tin' bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading: and
it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
james 0. clarke.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, the bill of the Sen-
ate No. 248, forthe relief of James G-. Clarke.
The hill directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to James G. Clarke the sum of
$6,483 9G, in full for his services as charge
d'affaires of the United States at Brussels, from
June 11, 18-57, to September 27, 1858.
Mr. WASHBUIINE, of Illinois. I rise to
a question of order. I submit that as that bill
makes an appropriation, it must have its first
consideration in Committee of the Whole
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order; and the bill is referred to a
Committee of the Whole House.
immigration oj? criminals.
Mr. ORTII, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass, joint resolution of the Sen-
ate No. 45, protesting against the pardon by
foreign Governments of persons convicted of
infamous offenses oil condition of emigration
to the United States.
The joint resolution was read at length, and
then read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ORTII moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed: and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
artesian wells in tiie territories.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, from the Committee
on Territories, reported back House joint reso-
lution No. 32, to facilitate communication with
the Territories of New Mexico, Arizona, and
Colorado.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
provides that whenever any loyal citizen of
the' United Slates shall make and establish
■ ail artesian well on the line of any mail route
in New Mexico, Arizona, Colorado, or in the
Colorado desert of California, distant at least
ten miles from any spring or stream of living
water on such route, and a like distance from
any other artesian well, he shall be entitled to
one section of public land embracing such well,
the same to be marked out and designated in
a compact form by such citizen ; and upon til-
ing with the surveyor general a sworn notice
of the fact that such well has been established,
with a particular description of the premises so
marked out and designated, the same shall be
treated as reserved land : and after the lapse of
three years from the date of sach establish-
ment and upon satisfactory proof made to the-
surveyor general in conformity to the foregoing
stipulations that pure water from such wells
has been constantly furnished without charge
to the public traveling upon such loute, the
inceptive right of the claimant shall be con-
firmed; and upon the extension of the lines
of the public survey the boundaries of such
sections shall be adjusted according to the lines
thereof.
The joint resolution further provides that
effect shall be given to the foregoina by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, who
shall have power to revise and finally determine
the rights of claimants arising under this joint
resolution, and to furnish evidence of title of
such reservation, by patent or otherwise, with
such conditions incorporated therein as may be
necessary to secure and perpetuate the purposes
i of the grant.
i Mr. WASHBURNE, ol Illinois. I would
: like to have the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
jj Rice] give some explanation of this joint rese-
ll lotion. . . . ,
II Mr. EICE, of Maine, 'this joint resolution
provides simply that any person making an
artesian well and providing pure water ten miles .
distant from any living spring or stream or from
any other artesian well shall have the amount
of land specified in the resolution. It also pro-
vides that these persons shall always keep these
wells in repair and furnish at all times pure
water to travelers on these mail routes. This
resolution is recommended by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office; it was drafted
at his office, and is imperatively demanded by
those people who seek access to these Territo-
ries over this vast desert of Colorado.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know but this joint resolution may have come
from the office of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office; but I hardly think that
officer could have examined it very closely
when he made this recommendation. It seems
to me very much as if there was a pretty good
sized cat in this meal-tub. It is a provision
by Congress whereby parties may go anywhere
upon lands that are not surveyed, and by
boring an artesian well get a full title to a sec-
tion of land of six hundred and forty acres.
Now, I undertake to say that if my friend
from Maine [Mr. Rice] will trace this prop-
osition out, he will find that it had its incep-
tion with some speculator who wanted to
secure a valuable town site. I am aware how
important it is to people in these Territories
to have a good title to their lands, and also
how important it is for speculators who desire
to build up towns to have a good title to their
property. And I confess this is a most ingen-
ious way of taking sections of six hundred
and forty acres of land each out of the mass
of public lands and have titles granted to par-
ticular parties there upon doing what they
would do any way if it was for their interest.
Now, sir, so far as I have read this resolu-
tion, and so far as I can conceive its objects,
I am entirely opposed to it. I do not believe
it is right for us here, under the provisions of
this resolution, to grant away the title to a sec-
tion of land wherever these parties may choose
to sink an artesian well. There are no proper
limitations, no proper guards, in this joint res-
olution ; and I trust the House will not pass it.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I will state briefly the
history of this whole matter. It originated with
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
who recommended this measure very strongly,
for the reason that those vast deserts are now
almost impassable by reason of the scarcity of
water, and that there must be held out some
inducement to provide water for the people
traveling upon these routes. A joint resolu-
tion similar to this passed this House in the last
Congress after full consideration, and failed in
the Senate only because of the late day on which
it was sent to that body.
Mr. WASHBUIINE, of Illinois. It ought
not to have passed.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Mr. Speaker, this bill
is carefully guarded in every particular. The
whole matter is under the control of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office. If the
gentleman from Illinois means to cast any
leflectiou upon that officer in the discharge of
liib duty, or to impugn the purity of his motives
ia anv recommendation which he scuds to litis
House, I must remind him that ho is making
charges acainst a gentleman who is above 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There was
nothina; in my remarks which could by any pos-
sibility bear such a construction.
Mr.'RICE. of Maine. The pontleman said
that in this bill there was a '-cat under the
meal.'* Very properly he considers it his duty
to look after all the interests of this broad land,
and particularly every measure that does not
originate with him or his committee. I find
no fault with him for that. I know the valao
of his services in this House; I know their
great value in protecting the interests of this
country. No man respects his devol'.oniu that
respect more than I do, but ho is certainly act-
ing under a misapprehension when he opposes
this measure, which has received the approval
of the Committee on Territories at two sncees-
