1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8837
and I should have justified the veto, if there
, . .       a
UI1U i , v**v >VIU) A* ^
bad boon one. .'o far as my vote was coneerncd.
But v.-lifit is 1 Li-V We have a northern front-
ier. for tliu greater part a wilderness; settle-
ments have not gone there to any considerable
extent: but it is a rich eountry. We have
already contracted to build a central railroad,
decided upon the route and the point of begin-
ning. and have put the credit of the Govern-
ment into it, hav nig contracted to pay so much
per mile. That runs for the most part through
a wilderness, but is justified by the necessity of
connecting the two oceans together. Since that
time we have accumulated an enormous debt,
a debt that we are taxing the people heavily to
pay. Do gentlemen imagine that our credit
both at home and abroad is to stand every-
thing? It is as much as we can do to sustain
our credit as it is, and it is as much as the peo-
ple can bear to pay taxes in order to sustain
that credit. We have this great central enter-
prise upon us. It is all that is necessary for
the purposes of the Government. That obli-
gation .which is upon us goes in part to swell
the sum of the debt for which we are responsi-
ble. and so far to operate upon the credit of the
Government: but notwithstanding that it is just
in its inception, we are just beginning it, and
we have got that burden to carry.
Notwithstanding this and the enormous debt
that is upon us, I have been astonished at the
readiness of Congress to assume other and in-
creased obligations. Sir, to this day we do
not know and cannot know what the amount
of the debt of this Government is, because
we have not settled up the claims of this war.
It is only within a few days that an obliga-
tion. which it is contended we took upon our- ,
selves to pay for negroes wdio enlisted in the
war in several of the States, has come upon us
from the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
who moved to add to one hill an appropriation
of $10,000,000 for the purpose of jpayingtiiat
claim. I am not certain that that is not right.
The impression seems to be that that obliga-
tion exists. If so, we have got to meet it. In
the House of Representatives, not long since*.
a bill was passed which, if it becomes a law.
will take §200,000,000 out of the Treasury,
confessedly, on the pretense of equalizing the
bounties of our soldiers ; that is to say, paying
a debt which we never contracted, ne\ er prom-
ised to pay. and never expected to pay, and it
passed tlio tlou^c with only two or thiee dis-
sentinc: voices, as I understand. Se\eial mem-
bers of the House have told me that_they
were exceedingly ashamed of it. and that if the
question could have been taken without refer-
ence to the pressure brought from outside on
their minds, they did not believe it could have
got twenty votes, though I suppose they weie
mi<takpn in that respect. That bill, if it ever
passe- the two Houses, in ray judgment, snoula
have a new title, and that is, "A bill to pay tae
expenses of electing Senators and Representa-
tives of the United States out of the puulic
Treasury." That is about the character or it.
That is one item of two hundred millions. _
Now, here comes in a proposition just at this
period when all these debts are upon us, wlien
all tlnve unsettled claims are upon us, and these
other propositions to increase the amount ot
the debt are upon us, for what purpose. o
do anvthing for the benefit of the (jovernmen .
To meet anv Government necessities.' Aot
at all, exempt on the principle laid down here
the other dav. as a great discovery m modern
finance, that a man who is deeply in debt must
pitch in head over heels in order to pay it
increase his obligations as much and as a < s
possible in order to get means to pay his debts.
Wlmn there is no Government necessity, when
we have already contracted to build onelme
railroad to the Pacific coast, enough tor e\ery
G overnment purpose and answering ei ei}
eminent necessity, a road which is u®^3'e , *
pleted, here is a'proposition to build ^9™®*
lino, substantially, and the Government:is
becomc the indorser of the contracts which may
bo made in order to cari-3r it into cxecu ±,
the amount of $114,000,000. it, is saif.
But, say gentlemen, the Government is not
to pay the principal; it is only to pay the inter-
est. Well, if I have got to pay the interest on
a certain amount of money, I consider myself,
generally, in debt to that amount, whatever it
may be. If I have to pay the interest on §5,000
every year I think I owe $-5,000 whether I ever
expect to pay it or not. There was a great deal
of pertinency and a great deal of his customary
keenness in the observation of my honorable
friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] just now,
that here, on the supposition that this road is
to cost $150,000,000, the company in its good-
ness, to which we have given forty-seven mil-
lion acres of lands to build it, consents that
we shall have one fourth of the net profits to se-
cure us our payment of interest on $95,000,000,
while they retain the other three fourths to
secure themselves the interest of $55,000,000.
A very liberal proposition 1
In fact, we are to build the road by our
credit, for it is ours—they have not any—and
to become responsible to that amount and to
trust luck for the future. The road is to run
through what is a wilderness now, and must
remain comparatively so for a great series of
years, not, to be sure, so long as it would be
if we did nothing in that section of country.
It is true the toad will extend our settlements,
and we shall secure another lino to the Pacific
ocean; but we are to undertake this before
we have completed the first one to which we
are pledged, and before we have made any-
thing more than a barely appreciable progress
in building it.
Now, sir, whatwill the moneyed world think
of us as financiers ? What will they think of
this reckless legislation, piling on §100,000,000
here or §200,000,000 there, §10,000,000 here
and §20.000,000 there? We had a scheme u]3
the other day which I should be in favor of it
it could be properly and decently done, and
that is a ship-canal around the falls of Niagara.
That hill began with acostof$6,000,000, to end,
I suppose, with t6£>,WO,000 or §100,000,000.
At this-4i«iG,'with so much on our hands to
-<3<r, the idea that Government should under-
take the new enterprise of indorsing paper tor
schemes that are got up, to the amount ot
§150,000.000, to begin in a new country to
build a second railroad to the Pacific, strikes
me as about the strongest and strangest prop-
osition tfcat could bo entertained and indulged
in by sensible men who are looking out for the
true"interests of their whole country, the pres-
ervation of its credit, and the preservation ot
its reputation for sense and common, decent,
prudent management, that I ever heard ot in
my life. I dare say I am mistaken, because i
am not a business man. I do not understand
these matters or how they are to be arranged.
I confess I do not see how you are to make so
much mongy by engaging m this business. 1
do not understand how we are to increase our
credit bv connecting ourselves with schemes
of this kind, when they are not absolutely ne-
cessarily called for by any public necessity, it
J .1 . - -  ,1 "U re f\ n/im "If IP
dea to me, and being a new idea to
is a new idou, ^ -0 --
me, it is not possible that I can give my assent
to it at present. Now, sir, 1 know so^otl" &
about the way this has gone on. I will say to
the Senator from Oregon that no matter whether
there was authority to make a contract or not,
I happen to know that it was the great boast
of this company to whom the land grant was
made that they asked no money. .
Mr SHERMAN. It was actually mseited
in the bill itself in these words:
Northern Pacific railroad.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know that was the
oreat boast,; it was the great argument at the
time. I did not pay any sort of regard to it,
because I had heard the same promise betoie
in other cases and had seen it violated; and I
had seen the Senate agree to the violation so
many Urn' s in small matters that I supposed
the same rule would apply to great on.ss. I
tried it here once on the question of the Agi
oultnral Bnrenu. My friend from Ohm. iwth
whom I agree on this question, thought "we
ought, to establish an Agricultural Bureau. He
toid us it would not take a dollar, it would only
be making that branch an independent bureau;
the farmers wanted it; only the usual $60,000
appropriation would be needed; no more money
would be required. Next year the appropria-
tion was $150,000, and I do not know how muck
it is this year.
Mr. SHERMAN. About the same. That
is modest.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I merely give that as
an illustration of what reliance is to be placed
on the statements of gentlemen as to what these
things cost. They make them recklessly; they
make them carelessly; I will not say they make
them regardless whether they be true or not
so that they aceompl ish their purpose; but the
result is inevitable; it is always to burden the
Treasury more or less. I never knew it to fail
yet, and so it will he in this case as in others.
Now, sir, I should be exceedingly glad to
have this road made. I believed originally
that it was the best route, not perhaps for busi-
ness purposes, but the best route to make a
railroad over, because I paid some attention to
the reports that were made, those great big
volumes of which we have heard so much, and
I came to the conclusion that the northern
route was the best route. I had no idea that
the road would go there, because there were
not interests enough to carry it in that direc-
tion, and perhaps in a business point of view,
as we were to build but one road, it was right
to select a central line. I will not undertake
to decide a question of that importance.
But, to go back, I know that when the char-
ter was given to this company the statements
were made and the arguments were addressed
to Senators that they wanted no money, that
land was all tliey aslvod. Iliat was two yeais
a«o, and now comes in this proposition that
the Government in fact shall build the road,
and in my judgment if this bill passes the road
will be wholly built upon our credit, and a very
handsome surplus will be left to bo divided
among the projectors and the men interested,
because it is enormous in amount and enor-
mous in character. I read tbe_bill with perfect
astonishment, my attention being called to it,
and my astonishment has not ceased to grow
the more I have considered it. The time will
come undoubtedly when in the progress of this
nation this road will be built; but I beg gen-
tlemen to consider this: it.is an oldsajung that
Rome was not built in a day; but it seems to
be the idea of Congress nowadays that this
country is to be built in a day, that nothing is to
be left for the future, that we are to go onmto
every place where we imagine a thing ought to
be done, without reference to the population,
without reference to the actual necessities ot
the country, plunge ourselves in debt to any
amount asked for to carry on great putdio
works. Why should they not be graduated
according to our means? Now that we have
such an immense debt upon us and so many
obligations, why should wo be in such a hurry,
in advance of the interests of the eountry, m
advance of anything that is demanded by the
Government itself for its own purposes, to in-
crease these burdens ? Why should we increase
our responsibilities so that the men who look
at us with reference to financial matters will
be alarmed at the character of our legislation!
If we do an unwise thing to-day, men ot sense
will say that we may do an
to-morrow. If with a debt of $3,000,000,000
upon us we shall recklessly and without any
necessity add three or four hundred millions
more to" that debt, as is proposed by the
legislation of this Congress taking it alto-
gether, it is to be expected that we shall do the
same the next session, and the next, arid the
next; and men will be likely to say that we
are apt to do it whenever schemes are brought
in'l know from experience that any word I
could say in reference to these matters is of no
avail at all. When I talk about the public,
money and the necessity of looking out foi out
