THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
• Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.. I will re-
serve the right to make the point of order when
the bill is reached in Committee of the Whole.
•Tlie SPEAKER. The bill will be considered
a? res^d a first and second time, au'd referred
to the Comtaittee of the Whole, to come up
this day week after the morning hour until dis-
posed of.
• Mr: GARFIELD. I wantto withdraw some
papers before the Committee of Claims.
Mr. HAJRDING, of Illinois. I insist lipon
the regular order. I have been trying for two
weelcs to get some resolutions in, and I want
to get the opportunity as soon as possible.
• POSTAGE STAMPS AND STAMPED ENVELOPES.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
House bill No. 299, relative to the sale of post-
age stamps and stamped envelopes on credit,
on which Mr. Alley was entitled to the floor.
Mr. KASSON. I desire to make a motion
to strike out all after the first section, and let
the bill stand on the first section, simply as a
matter of business management of the affairs
of the Department in that respect.
Mr. ALLEY. I would like to know how
the bill will stand then.
Mr. KASSON. Let the first section be
reported.
The Clerk read the first section, as follows:
Be it enaetedhy the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of Ame* iea in Congress assem-
bled, That the Postmaster General be, and he.is hereby,
authorized, whenever in his opinion the public servieo
shall require, until the 30th day of June, 18G8, to
deposit postage stamps and stamped envelopes with
such persons as he may select, for sale. The persons
with whom stamps and stamped envelopes are so
deposited shall engage to soil and circulate thesame,
under the instructions of the Postmaster General,
and shall give bond in such sum as the Postmaster
General may direct, with one or moi-c sureties, con-
ditioned for the faithful keeping of the stamps and
stamped envelopes so intrusted to them, and for the
payment to the Post OfficeDepartment, in such man-
ner as directed by the Postmaster General, of the
moneys arising from the sale thereof.
Mr. KASSON. With the permission of the
fentloman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Alley,]
will state that as far back as 1801, and subse-
quently, it was found desirable to increase the
facilities for the purchase of stamps in all the
large cities. It was and is still desirable to
authorize depositories for the purpose of sale
where they can be easily obtained in each
ward, and perhaps in a dozen places in each
ward of a city. So far as this bill will accom-
flish that result without cost to the Department
cannot see that there can be any objection to
the adoption of that habit of business. But this
remaining section which makes it in the nature
of a public office and allows compensation for
it is the one that I object to. There arc par-
ties in every part of the country, traders and
shopkeepers, who would gladly have their
offices made places of deposit and sale of stamps
and envelopes without charge to the Depait-
ment, because of the flow of custom it would
naturally bring in. That we know to be the
fact, and for that reason I propose the amend-
ment.
Mr. ALLEY. I do not think that the amend-
ment which the gentleman proposes will im-
prove the bill. Neither do I think it is desired
by the Department. For one I should be entirely
opposed to it. The object of this bill is simply
to provide means by which the people of the
South, who are unable to enjoy the usual postal
facilities, can secure stamps, instead of being
compelled, as they now are, in a groat many
instances that have come to the knowledge of
the Department, to purchase at, great incon-
venience and trouble, and pay, as they fre-
quently have done, from twenty to twenty-five
cents for a stamp.
To my surprise this bill encountered consid-
erable opposition on yesterday, and for the
simple reason, 1 believe, that the bill was not
properly understood. This is a bill merely for
business purposes. It is intended to increase
the revenues of the Post Ofdee Department,
and in my opinion will do no harm to any interest
of the Government, or to any individual in any
section of the country. On the contrary, this
bill is made in the interests of the Government,
of freedom, and humanity. If I believed other-
wise, I certainly would not advocate it.
There is no man upon this floor who appre-
ciates more fully than I do the danger arising
from the moral effect of any legislation which
may have a tendency to bring back into these
Halls men who have done their utmost to destroy
this Government, and who stand in such a posi-
tion that in my judgment the Government ought
not to trust them with the power that will be
conferred upon them by their admission here.
No man willgo further than I will in that respect.
But I am willing to grant all needful facilities
so far as we can with safety to the Government
to promote the interests of the great mass of
the people of the South. I feel no disposition
to gratify any feelings of revenge or hostility
to that people as a body. I feel that they have
suffered everything that a people ought to suffer
for their transgressions. I think their terrible
and unfortunate condition challenges the sym-
pathy and pity of all mankind. Yet, while I
cherish no other feelings than those of kindness
and commiseration toward the great mass of
the people of the South, I do feel that those
men who have led that people into rebellion,
the leaders of the rebellion, deserve and ought
to suffer all the torments of the damned.
[Criesof "Good!" "That is right!"] And so
far as this bill is concerned, those individuals
will receive but little benefit from it.
It is the great mass of the people, including
the Union people of the South, who will be
benefited by the provisions of this bill. And
. as this bill is framed in the interests of the
Government, and intended to grant additional
facilities in the way of mail service to the great
mass of the people, I think it ought not to meet
with any opposition.
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Alley] allow me to cor-
i reet one misapprehension which I think he has
fallen into in regard to the effect of my amend-
ment ?
Mr. ALLEYV Certainly.
Mr. KASSON. The proposed amendment
accomplishes all the objects in the South which
the gentleman himself desires except the one
to pay the depositaries a percentage on their
sales. The amendment applies equally to the
North and the South, and enables the Post-
master General to make deposits of stamps and
take security for them as he may consider ne-
cessary and proper. If there be any neighbor-
hood that has no public officer that will take
that much trouble to accommodate the neigh-
borhood, I do not think they ought to have this
facility afforded them. And the amendment
accomplishes the whole object of the gentleman
except so far as relates to the allowance of five
per cent, to the depositaries ujjon the amount
of their sales.
Mr. ALLEY. 1 did not misapprehend the
gentleman at all, nor the force of the amend-
ment, and 1 say that, so far as his object iscon-
eerned, in my opinion it is unnecessary, and
is not required by the Department, and lhave
never heard that any section in the North is
not now sufficiently accommodated.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Alley]
tell the House why it is proposed to allow a
commission of five per cent, for selling these
stamps? Tt would be a better business than
coming to Congress.
Mr. ALLEY. The bill provides that five
per cent, shall be allowed upon these stamps;
but the allowance is confiticd to the sales in
! those localities and by those individuals desig-
nated bv the Postmaster General under this
bill, and where stamps cannot be obtained in
the usual mode, and it is not intended to apply
1 anywhere else.
Mr. STEVENS. I want to know exactly
what this bill means. Is it not intended to give
to men in the South who cannot take the oath
an opportunity of selling these stamps, and
giving them five per cent, for selling, because
they cannot find postmasters out there to do
the business who can take the oath?
Mr. ALLEY. The whole object of the bill,
as I have stated over and over again, is to give
the people of the South those mail facilities
which they do not have now, and which they
cannot have now for the reason the gentleman
suggests. There is no disguise about that. I
have stated to the House, and I state to the
country, that this bill is not intended to provide
for any one outside of the rebel States.
Now, I say for one, radical as I am, opposed
as I am to the South coming back into these .
Halls as they desire to do, opposed as I am to
that course of policy, yet so far as this bill is
concerned I am for it, and for the very reason
that, it, gives these people additional facilities
that they cannot have now, the whole people,
the great mass of the people, and it does no-
body any harm. As I said before, I believe it
is framed in the interest of the Government, in
the interest of freedom, and in the interest of
humanity, and no narrow-minded considera-
tions shall deter me from its support.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Will my
colleague inform me why the people of the
South have not these mail privileges which this
bill proposes to give them ?
Mr. ALLEY. I have stated over and over
again that the South have not these mail priv-
ileges because the Postmaster General is unable '
to find postmasters down there who can take
the oath of office, or will take the oath of office
and accept these offices.
Now, it will be understood, and I want the
House to mark the fact, that tlie law requires
that every postmaster shall live within the de-
livery district where the post office is estab-
lished. Under that law it is impossible to send
anybody down there from the North. They
must be appointed from the districts in which
they reside. Now, all over the South there
were before the war little isolated post offices
in the country that pay little or nothing, and it
is really a favor to the Government for the
incumbents to take these little offices. These
are the reasons, and the chief reasons, why men
will not take the oath of office. In that region
there are few who can take the oath of office,
and in many cases no one can be found willing
to take upon themselves the responsibilities of
postmasters, because the pecuniary considera-
tion is so small. That is one of the chief rea-
sons why it is so difficult to obtain loyal post-
masters.
Mr. KELLEY. I interrupt the gentleman
most unwillingly, but I feel it mv duty, in behalf
of the loyal people of the South, to say to him
that I think he is most grievously misinformed ;
that there are loyal men in every district who
would most gladly take any small office or emol-
ument from this Government if public senti-
ment around them would permit or the Govern-
ment would protect them in the exercise of
their functions.
Mr. KASSON. Can the\ read and write?
Mr. KELLEY. Ay, they can read an! write.
I will mention one, whose letter communicat-
ing certain facts to the Government Ihad, who
was elected to Congress by the few loyal men
in his district, and who rallied the first regi-
ment of loyal North Carolinians and fought
through the whole war.
Night before last I had a visit from a soldier
who fled from Texas into New Orleans as soon
as our flag could protect him there, and who
fought under Butler and Banks, and carries an
honorable scar, and who has written a very
clever book.
Mr. ALLEY. I really cannot yield any fur-
ther.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to make an
inquiry of the ecntleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. KELLEY. I will answer any inquiry
if the gentleman from Massachusetts LMr.
Alley] will yield.
Mr. DAWES. I am also personally ac-
quainted with the loyal North Carolinian to
whom the gentleman from Pennsylvania refers,
and I agree with everything he says in respect
to him; that he was chosen by the loyal men
of his district to represent that district in this
Congress; that he fought at the head of his
regiment during the whole war; that he came
