1918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
sivc Congresses, which is now reported unani-
mously by that committee, and which an Intel-
ligent and able officer of this Government,
well qualified to decide upon the question wisely,
regards as of great importance for the develop-
ment of these Territories and for the welfare
of those traversing them.
The bill simply provides for a donation of
public .land to any who will at great expense
make one of these artesian wells; and it is pro-
vided that the wells shall not be within ten
miles of each other nor within ten miles of any
living water, and' that they shall be on some
mail route of the United States.
Mr. CONKLING. What is a man to receive
for making a well?
Mr. BICE, of Maine. Six hundred and forty
acres of land, surrounding the place where the
well is made.
Mr. CONKLING. Six hundred and forty
acres for each well?
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Yes, sir; but they
must be ten miles apart.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-,
tleman from Maine will yield to me a moment
I desire to say that I cannot permit him to
make, without disavowal on my part, any inti-
mation that I am disposed to do injustice to
the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Nothing which I said could justly be construed
into a censure upon that officer. When I said
that tljere was something behind this measure
which did not appear on its face, I did not
intend to impute anything improper to that
gentleman. On the contrary, I am glad to bear
testimony to the ability and integrity of Judge
Edmunds, the Commissioner of the General
Land Office. I have known many heads of
bureaus in the Department, but I know no man
whom I more respect for hisability and integrity.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I am glad to hear
from the gentleman this disavowal, and I am
glad that I gave him the opportunity to make
it. But the gentleman said that this measure
had emanated from parties who had some in-
terest which was not revealed. I'say to the
House that the measure emanated from Judge
Edmunds alone; and it now comes before the
House with the -unanimous - recommendation
of the Committee on Territories, by which
committee it was unanimously recommended
at the last session , the House at that time pass-
ing the measure.
It has been suggested that the bill should be
amended by excepting from its operation min-
eral lands. I shall offer no objection whatever
to that amendment, if any gentleman chooses
to offer it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can move
the amendment himself.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move the amend-
ment.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask what there is to pre-
vent a man who goes there to dig an artesian
well from taking up land under the homestead
law.
_Mr. RICE, of Maine. The homestead law
gives him only a quarter section and this gives
him afull section.
Mr. WRIGHT. Is not this one of the gift
concerns by which the public land is recklessly
given away ?
Mr. RICE, of Maine. We receive ample
benefits for the lands we donate. The dona-
tion of these public lands at these long dis-
tances is to insure the possibility'of travel over
these deserts in order to reach the valuable
Territories of Arizona and New Mexico. We
provide for furnishing travelers what they must
have, pure water.
Mr. CONKLING. If the bill becomes a law,
in addition to six hundred and forty acres may
not the party take one hundred and sixty acres
under the homestead law?
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I judge not, because
under the homestead law he must live upon the
land.
Mr. CONTiLING. I cannot see why the
party cannot take up m addition lands under
the homestead law. There is no provision here
to prevent it.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Those who take under
the homestead law must also certify that they
have no other homestead. I do not think these
parties could take lands under the homestead
law, and at the same time hold under these
resolutions.
Mr. CONKLING. I had not looked at the
resolution carefully. I ask whether it will not
permit these lands to pass by title to associa-
tions and partnerships who shall undertake to
dig these artesian wells. If so, I ask whether
any one of the individuals may not take lands
under the homestead law, alleging that, with-
out perjury or false assertion, they do not indi-
vidually own any real estate.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. The resolution has been
carefully drawn and guarded. These lands are
to be given to those who put down artesian
wells, and provide pure water for travelers at
all times. It is also provided that no pay shall
be asked of travelers for the water provided
to travelers. It would be difficult to guard a
bill more thoroughly. If the gentleman wants
to provide by amendment that these parties
shall not take lands under the homestead law,
I shall not object. My only desire is to make
provision for .travel over these deserts.
Mr. WRIGHT. I think this joint resolution
for artesian wells is a great bore. [Laughter.]
They had the whisky question under consid-
eration in the Senate yesterday, and to-day we
have the water question. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANLER. Let me make, a sugges-
tion.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. After awhile. Yes,
sir, the object is to furnish pure water to trav-
elers across the deserts.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. How much
water ?
Mr. CHANLER. I ask my friend from
Maine whether he has taken into consideration
the effect this will have, if it becomes a law,
upon our internal revenue. It will diminish
our receipts from tax on whisky, [Laughter.]
I can understand why a gentleman from a
State where the Maine liquor law took its rise
should be glad to have such a measure passed.
But how will it affect the revenue?
As I understand,-the development of virtue
as expected in a Maine liquor law is not
needed in that section. I hope, therefore, the
resolution will allow distilleries in the same-
section of the country. [Laughter.] Let them
both go together.
The gentleman from Massachusetts on my
left [Mr. Baldwin] suggests that the commu-
nity should be supplied with other luxuries, and
that the tax on sugar and lemons should be
included in the resolution. It strikes me it is
not wise nor expedientto be dwelling so much
upon the necessity of cold water, which every-
body knows is an article of necessity. Why
dwell with such pertinacity upon the virtues of
pure cold water? The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Rice] carries with him a whole State, but
he should remember that we are now legis-
lating for the people of the West, who are not
accustomed to water. [Laughter.] If is a well-
known fact that on the question between water
and whisky the West is a unit to-day against
water. [Laughter.] I have not myself trav-
eled over the whole country; I am speaking
from information.
Bat as I am not able to add much informa-
tion on this subject I appeal to the stately gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr, Wentworth] whether
he is for water as against whisky, or for whisky
as against water.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I am for cold water
all the time. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANLER. Very well, I hope he will
keep to the water. I now appeal to the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Ric'e] if I am right
as to his position, that he is for water as
against whisky.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. The gentleman seems
to be pore interested in whisky than in water;
therefore I yield to my friend from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Paine, j
_ Mr. PAINE. It is undoubtedly the inten-
tion of this joint resolution that this water
should be furnished free of expense ; but it is
not true that it does furnish water to travelers
free. There is a provision that the land shall
not be granted unless evidence shall be fur-
nished that water has been furnished to them
free of charge ; but there is no provision which
will secure it to the traveler free of expense
after the title to the land shall have vested in
the men who do the work. I think the resolu-
tion should be so amended that travelers shall
not be subjected to excessive charges, if indeed
to any charges at all, for the accommodations
which these parties agree to provide for them
after they shall have received the lands.
Mr. WASHB URNE, of Illinois. I think the
gentleman ought to confine it to a quarter sec-
tion instead of a whole section.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. This matter is under
the control of the Commissioner of the Land
Office, and the bill provides that the patent
shall only be issued with such conditions in-
corporated therein as may be necessary to
secure and perpetuate the purposes of the grant.
The question being taken on the amendment
excepting mineral lands, it was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest this amend-
ment to the gentleman from Maine:
Provided, That no more than six hundred and forty
acres shall be granted in'.he case of any one well:
And provided further. That no grantee or beneficiary
under this act shall be allowed to enter lands under
any homestead act oi the United States.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I will accept that
amendment. I now move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS. Does this come from the
committee?
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Yes, sir, from the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. STEVENS. Have they made up their
ininds to encourage smelling for water by
appropriating public lauds for that purpose?
Mr. RICE, of Maine. These wells will be
a thousand feet deep.
On the question of seconding the demand
for the previous question, no quorum voted.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Messrs. Rice, of Maine, and Srr-
oeeaves.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
that the gentleman from Maine consent to have
this recommitted with the pending amend-
ments and printed.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was recommitted; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
arizona.
On motion of Mr. RICE, of Maine, the
Committee on Territories were discharged from
the further consideration of the memorial of
the Legislative Assembly of Arizona, asking
that the tract of land in the bend of the Colo-
rado be attached to Arizona; and the same
was laid on the table.
ho ads in utah.
Mr. MARVIN, from the Committee on
Territories, reported adversely on the memo-
rial of the Governor and Legislature of the
Territory of Utah, praying for an appropriation
of money for the construction of roads in said
Territory; which was laid upon the table.
boundary between idaho and oregon*.
Mr. MOULTON, from the Committee on
Territories, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, bill of the House
No. 251, for a survey of the boundary between
the Territory of Idaho and the State of Oregon.
The bill containing an appropriation was
referred, under the rules, to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
library is salt lake city.
_ Mr. STARR, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, reported adversely on the memorial
of the Territory of Utah for an appropriation
for a library at Salt Lake City; which was
laid upon the table.
