438
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 13,
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Chap. CLII.—An Act granting a Pension to
Jane D. Brent.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Ilouse.of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized and directed to
place the name of Jane D. Brent, of Detroit,
Michigan, widow of Thomas Lee Brent, iate a
captain in the Army of the United States, on
the pension-roll, and to allow and pay to her
a pension at the rate of twenty dollars per
month, from and after the passage of this act,
until her marriage or death, and after either
event to continue the said pension to Mary
Brent, daughter of the said Thomas Lee Brent,
if then under the age of sixteen years, until she
attains that age.
Approved, June 27, 1866.
Chap. CLIII.—An Act for the Belief of Cor-
nelius Crowley.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Cornelius Crow-
ley, late a private in company F, third regi-
ment United States infantry, on the pension-
roll, at the rate of eight dollars per month, to
commence from and after the passage of this
act, and pay him at that rate in lieu of any other
pension to which he may have been entitled.
Approved, June 27, 1866.
Chap. CLIV.—An Act for the Relief of A. J.
Gray.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner of
Pensions be, and he hereby is, required to place
the name of Andrew J. Gray, late a pilot on
board the United States gunboat Judge Tor-
rence, upon the list of invalid pensioners, at the
rate proscribed for officers of his rank by act
of Congress approved July fourteen, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, to be paid out of the
naval fund.
Approved, June 27, 1866.
Chap. CLVII.—An Act granting Land to A.
M. Jess, of Josephine County, Oregon.
Whereas the land claimed and settled upon
by A. M. Jess, on Applegate river, in Josephine
county, State of Oregon, under the provisions
of the homestead law of May twentieth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-two, has since, without
his fault, become of no value to him, and been,
in great part, destroyed by a change in the j
channel of said river; and whereas his title to
said land is still inchoate, and justice requires
that he should be permitted to locate ana set-
tle upon an equal quantity of other public land
in lieu thereof: Therefore, •
Be it enacted, by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the. United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the said A. M. Jess
be, and he is hereby, authorized to locate and
settle upon one hundred and sixty acres of the
public lands of the United States, in accord-
ance with the provisions and requirements of
the homestead law aforesaid, and, at the ex-
piration of the period therein prescribed, to
receive a patent therefor on the terms and con-
ditions therein prescribed: Provided, That the
title so acquired by him to the land heretofore
located and settled upon by him as aforesaid
shall revert to the United States: Andpro-
vided further, That said new location and set-
tlement shall not be made upon mineral lands
of the United States.
Approved, June 29, 1866.
Chap. CLXX,—An Act granting a Pension to
JaneE. Miles.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Statesof America in
Congress assembled. That the Secretary of the i
Interior is hereby authorized and directed to
place upon the pension-roll the name of Jane
E. Miles, of Somersworth, New Hampshire,
widow of William D. Miles, late a landsman
in the naval service of the United States, and
to allow and pay her a pension, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, from the twenty-sec-
ond day of March, in the year one thousand
eight hundred and sixty-five, to continue dur-
ing her widowhood; the said pension to be
paid out of the naval pension fund.
Approved, July 4, 1866.
Chap. CLXXI.—An Actforthe Relief of Sarah
J. Purcell.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, directed to place
the name of Sarah J. Purcell, widow of Charles
W. Purcell, acting captain of artillery, on the
pension-roll, at the rate of twenty dollars a
month, from the twenty-seventh day of Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, to
continue during her widowhood.
Approved, July 4, 1866.
Chap. CLXXII.—An Act granting a Pension
to Mrs. Margaret A, Farran.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Mrs. Margaret
A. Farran, widow of Abraham Farran, late a
private in the twenty-fourth battery Indiana
light artillery, on the pension-roll, at the rate
of eight dollars per month, to commence from
the sixteenth day of February, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, and to continue during
her widowhood.
Approved, July 4, 1866.
Chap. CLXXIII.—An Act granting a Pension
to Mary C. Hamilton.
Be it enacted, by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, directed to place
the name of Mrs. Mary C. Hamilton on the
pension-rolls, at the same rate of pension al-
lowed her utlier the act passed for her benefit,
and approved June third, eighteen hundred
and fifty-eight, payment to commence from
and after the expiration of the term created
by the said act of June third, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-eight, and to continue for and
during the term of her natural life.
Approved, July 4, 1866.
Chap. CLXXXV.—An Act amendatory of an
Act entitled "An Act granting a Pension to
Mrs. Emerance Gouler."
Be it enacted, by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That an act approved
April eighteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, granting a pension to Mrs. Emerance
Gouler, be so amended as to continue the
pension granted to Mrs. Gouler, in the event
of her death or remarriage, to her minor chil-
dren under the age of sixteen years, had by
her late husband, Charles Gouler, a private in
company F, ninth New Hampshire volunteers.
Approved, July 13, 1866.
Chap. CLXXXVI.-An Act for the Relief of
Mary A. Patrick.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and is hereby, authorized and |
directed to place the name of Mary A. Pat- 1
rick, widow of Matthew A. Patrick, who was
a captain first artillery United States Army,
on the pension-rolls, at the rate of twenty dol-
lars per month, said pension to commence
from and after the passage of thi3 act.
Appp.oved, July 13, 1866.
Chap. CLXXXVII.— An Act for the Relief of
Joel Farley.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Joel Farley, late
a private in company F, eleventh Iowa volun-
teer infantry, on the pension-rolls, at the rate
of fifteen dollars per month.
Approved, July 13, 1866.
Chap. CLXXXVIII.—An Act for the Relief
of James L. Perham.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to James L. Perham, late of
company "U," tenth regiment Maine volun-
teers, a pension at the rate of eight dollars per
month, from February fourth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, to November seventeenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, amounting to
one hundred and seventy-one dollars and thirty-
six cents.
Approved, July 13, 1866.
Chap. CLXXXIX.—An Actforthe Benefit of
John W. Jones.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, required to place
the name of John W. Jones, late a private in
company K seventeenth regiment Ohio volun-
teer infantry, on the pension-roll, and that he
be paid a pension from the passage of this act,
at the rate now allowed by law to pensioners
who have suffered the loss of the right arm;
and if the pension allowed to that class of pen-
sioners should hereafter be changed by law,
that said Jones shall thereafter be paid a pen-
sion according to such change.
Approved, July 13, 1866.
Chap. CXC.—An Act granting a Pension to
Ann Sheehey.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and is hereby, authorized and di-
rected to place the name of Ann Sheehey, of
Boston, Massachusetts, on the roll of invalid
pensions, and pay or cause to be paid to her
the sum of eight dollars per month during
her widowhood; and that the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury be, and they are
hereby, authorized and directed to settle and
adjust the accounts of John Sheehey, late a
private in company D, twenty-eighth Massa-
chusetts volunteers, and to pay the said xlnn
Sheehey, out of any moneys in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the amount that
maybe found to have been due said John Shee-
hey on the third day of July, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three, the date of his death.
Approved, July 13, 1866.
Chap. CXCI.—An Act for the Relief of Charles
M. Stout, late a Sceond Lieutenant in Com-
pany E, Seventh Regiment Pennsylvania
Reserve Corps.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the War Department are hereby
authorized and directed to cause to be stated
the account of Charles M. Stout, late a second
lieutenant of company E, seventh regiment
Pennsylvania Reserve corps of volunteers, and
allow him pay and allowances as such officer
