1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3839 -
the conflict to be settled, and who is to deter-
mine between the two tribunals when it arises?
In my opinion it is wise to guard against suck
conflict by leaving to the courts and juries the
protection of all civil rights and the redress of
all civil grievances.
The fact cannot be denied that since the
actual cessation of hostilities many acts of
violence, such perhaps as had never been wit-
nessed in their previous history, have occurred
iu the States involved in the recent rebellion.
I believe, however, that public sentiment will
sustain me in the assertion that such deeds of
wrong are not confined to any particular State
or section, but are manifested over the entire
country, demonstrating that the cause that pro-
duced them does not depend upon any particu-
lar locality, but is the result of the agitation
and derangement incident to a long and bloody
civil war. While the prevalence of such dis-
orders must begreatly deplored, their occasional
and temporary occurrence would seem to fur-
nish no necessity for the extension of the bureau
beyond the period fixed in the original act. Be-
sides the objections which I have thus briefly
stated, i may urge upon your consideration the
additional reason that recent developments in
regard to the practical operations of the bureau
iu°many of the States show that in numerous
instances it is used by its agents as a means of
promoting their individual advantage; and that
the i'reedmen are employed for the advance-
ment of the "personal ends of the officers, in-
stead of their own improvement and welfare,
thus confirming the fears originally entertained
by many that the continuation of such a bureau
for any unnecessary length of time would in-
e\ itabU result in fiaud, corruption, andoppres-
l5'lou- , , ■ r n ■
It is proper to state tnat m cases ol tins
character investigations have been promptly
ordered, and the'ofTender punished whenever
liis guilt has been satisfactorily established.
As another reason against the necessity of the
legislation contemplated by this measure ref-
erence may bo had to the "civil rights bill,'
now a law of the land, and which will be faith-
fully executed as long as it shall remain unre-
pealed and may not be declared unconstitu-
tional bv courts of competent jurisdiction. By
that act it is enacted ''that all persons born
ia the United States and not subject to any
ei^n Power, excluding Indians not taxed,
i U V, 1 . I.  ^ -
Art3, hereby (.loclurod to b© citi2Gns ot tlis u 11116C1
S-at'es; and such citizens, of every race and
color, without regard to any previous condition
ot' slavery or involuntary servitude, except as
a punishment for crime whereof the party
shall have been duly convicted, shall have the
same right in ever}* State and Territory in the
t'niied States, to make and enforce contracts,
to sue, to be parties, and give evidence, to
inherit, purchase, lease, sell, hold, and copvey
real and personal property, and to full ana
equal benefit of all laws and proceedings for
the security of person and property, as is en-
joyed by white citizens, and shall be subject to
like punishment, pains, and penalties, ami to
none other, any law, statute, ordinance, regu-
lation, or custom to the contrary notwith
standing." „ „ , ,, 
Bv the provisions of the act full projection
is afforded, through ilie districts courts of the
United States, to all persons injured, and wnose
privileges, as'tliere declared, are m any wa\
impaired; and heavy penalties are deuouiiced
against the person who willfully th®
law. I neeu' not state that that law did not
receive mv sppro\al; yet its remedies arc far
preferable" to those proposed m the i.resent
bill; the one being civil and the other mihtau.
P.V the sixth section of the bill herewith re-
turned, certain proceedings by which the lands
ir the "pat ishe* of St. Helena and St. Luke,
South Carolina,'' were sold and but in, ana
afterward disposed of by the tax commission-
ci'b, aru ratified fintl confinncd. X>y t J- s.\
enth. eighth, ninth, tenth, and ele\eo,u see
tions, provisions bv law are made tor the dis-
posal of the lands thus acquired to a partici ai
class of citizens. While the qmeung o
is deemed very important and desirable the
discrimination made in the bill seems objec-
tionable, as does also the attempt to confer
upon the commissioners judicial powers, by
which citizens of the United States are to be
deprived of their property in a mode contrary
to that provision of the Constitution which de-
clares that no person "shall be deprived of
life, liberty, or property without due process
of law." As a general principle such legisla-
tion is unsafe, unwise, partial, and unconsti-
tutional. It may deprive persons of their
property who are equally deserving objects of
the nation's bounty as those whom by this
legislation Congress seeks to benefit. The
title to the land thus to be portioned out to a
favored class of citizens must depend upon
the regularity of the tax sale under the law as
it existed at the time of the sale, and no sub-
sequent legislation can give validity to the rights
thus acquired as against the original claimants.
The attention of Congress is therefore invited
to a more mature consideration of the meas-
ures proposed in these sections of the bill.
In conclusion, I again urge upon Congress
the danger of class legislation, so well calcu-
lated to keep the public mind in a state of un-
certain expectation, disquiet, and restlessness,
and to encourage interested hopes and fears
that the national Government will continue to
furnish to classes of citizens in the several
States means for support and maintenance,
regardless of whether they pursue a life of
indolence or of labor, and regardless also of
the constitutional limitations of the national
authority in times of peace and tranquillity.
The bill is herewith returned to the House
of Representatives, in which it originated, fol-
ks final action. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washkgtox, July 16, 18G0. 1
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill |
is now before the Senate, and by the provisions
of the Constitution is reconsidered. The ques-
tion is, Shall the bill pass, the objections ot
the President notwithstanding?
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the matter be
postponed until to-morrow and made the spe-
cial order at one o'clock, and that in the mean
time the message be printed.
The question being put, the negative ap-
peared to prevail.
Mr. JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered, and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 13, nays 31: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Doolittle, Fos-
ter Culture, Hendricks, Johnson, MoDoiipll, fc es-
rnith, Norton, Kiddle, Saulsbury, and \ an Wm-
&AYS—"Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, C°n-
neV Oeswcll, Edmunds, Fcssemlen, tomes, Har-
ris Henderson, Howard, Howe, Ivirkivood. Lane ol
T^r;„V MnrAii Morrill, Nye, Poland, Pomeioy,
RTnrey ^oi^nn'Sproeue, Stewart, Sumner Trum-
bnU Wade "Willey,Williams, "ftiUod,and\ates-^t.
ABSEXT—Messrs. Clark, (Jowan, Dixon, Lane ot
Kansas, and Wright—5.
Air HENDRICKS. Mr. President, no ar-
«ument that could be presented would probabl}
change the result of the vole of the Senate ,
vet. sir, I feel it to be my duty to say that I
approve the sentiments of the veto message
which has just been read. I think, sir, upon
Sir
mincipir as*well"as" upon experience^ wo are
justified in saying that a system s.a? l ^
Frcedmen's Bureau is necessarily vicious and
CaU tl lS Places the labor of one
section of the country under the control of a
few ' If we could say that all men are entirely
honest and virtuous, then we should be sale m
riacin" the labor of such a large class of pei -
sous under the control of a few; but when we
know that where power is given to men v.ith-
^t sufficient and sure restraints and comio
npon their conduct frauds, and corrupt on
must be the result, we are jus lined, I thi
evidence perhaps, upon the practical work-
i£ of the bureau. We have some evidence,
wp have the evidence communicated to flit
Sci inthe early ^ 5 ;
communication made by Geneial (.runt.to
President, which the President communicated
to Congress, in which General Grant saysthafc- -
in many localities, at least in some localities,
the affairs of the bureau are mismanaged. We
have the reports of Generals Steedman and
Fullerton npon the subject, and I say that so
much wrong and so much corruption is not
developed in any other report that has been
made to Congress for the last two sessions.
An effort lias been made in the country to
depreciate that report by attacks upon tliedis-
tinguished gentlemen who gathered the facts
and communicated them to the President. That
effort I think has not been successful. The
report made by these two generals lias com-
manded to a very large extent the confidence
of the country, whatever action Congress may
take upon this question. But, sir, very recently
I observed in a journal of great weight and in-
fluence with some gentlemen a communication,
the veracity and verity of which they cannot
question, which sustains the report of Generals
Steedman and Pullerton; and being justified
somewhat by the example of the distinguished
Senator from Massachusetts, I will, read from
this communication. It is found in a news-
paper. This communication is dated Boston,
June 18, 1860, and is signed "James Red path,''
and is published as reliable in the National
Anti-Slavery Standard. Ordinarily this paper
does not have so much weight with me, [laugh-
ter,] but as evidence against the gentlemen who
claim it to be authority, I read it. This writer
says that he accompanied General Steedman,
who wtis inspecting the operations ot the ll reed-
men's Bureau, on a raid into Alabama, and then
he goes on to mention some things that took
place through that raid. That was during the
war. He says:
"Letmo say a few words about General Steedman.
lie belongs, honestly and heartily, to the President 3
party He lias gone so far and no further, and there-
fore he is neither a traitornor a renegade. J-he same
views which we denounce .111 the liobiucnt lo-cuiy
the general advocated, privately and vehemently,
threo years fisto. X regretted find combated theso
views then, as I do now; but neither then nor sine©
liavolscen causc to brand cither the 1 resident or
the general as a traitor. 13utler alone excepted, 1
know none of our generals who were so rough on
traitors as this Steedman. General Saxton was as
true as Wendell Phillips is; yet neither of those emi-
nent men ever hated a rebel, then culture and
character torbade hate. But Steedrnan was a terri-
ble hater. Now, do not let us forect his past str-
viees in criticising his reports. II he is not lust, we
can well afford to bo. And although I do not como
lorward todetendGeneral Steedman, I fee! impelled
in iustico to say that the same reports which ho „avo
from North Carolina were made to me by men whom
hedidnotsee—mcnof unquestionable veracity, whoso
labors were among negroes, and who are as 'J®'
voted to their cause as you or I. to one ol tliese
gentlemen I said, 'It, is only the radicals who sup-
nort the bureau in the 2\'orth. lie ansi\eie,d, If
the radfcals knew how the bureau is conducted m
this State they would not support it.. I heard many
stories in that State which staggered my ha.th m the
t 1*4 p hmr>iu It wus only when X leached
South Carolina, and found how faithfully and well
fypneril Saxton guarded the rights of the negroes
tliat I vieldedmy fast-srow'mgbeliet that!tie bureau
had better bo abolished-in the interest of the freed-
m"Again I believe that there are several States in
which it would bo better for all nuitios, black and
white for the bureau to bo abolished. How is it in
jMaha'ma forcxaraple, and Arkansas and Georgia as
' i >>' i+Viiifthc ctorie.s I have heji ud ai o ti uc—"
burcau in those
States is an ally of the rebels.
;LLUIS ail ixxij   
Then he goes on to speak of the treatment
General Saxton has received ai, Ihe hands of
the General government. That part of it does
not bear necessarily on the cpestiou before the
Senate, and therefore I will not read it.
adds a postscript:
"T> S I sent for this letter, after I had mailed itto
you becauseeifound that I had o^toa tojhowwit^
,,,,1 nossibilitv of misinterpretation, that X DUieveu
theVfhave^rento^
officers who cultivate
°m?:'whitftoerthrtthis opinion was forced on me
