1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GL0KE.
Laws of the United States.
39th Oong.... 1st Sess.
from the date of his appointment by general
orders of Gen. McClellan, at Harrison's Land-
ing, in Virginia, during the time he served as
such officer, from- August first, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, to January thirty, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, inclusive, the time he
returned again to the ranks as private soldier,
and that the amount thereof be paid to the said
Charles M. Stout or his legal representatives.
Approved, July 13, 1866.
Chap. CXCII.—An Act for the Relief of Lieu-
tenant Colonel Frank Lynch.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Frank Lynch, late
of the twenty-seventh regiment of Ohio volun-
teer infantry, on the pension-rolls, at the rate
of pension allowed to a lieutenant colonel, to
which rank he was commissioned, and pay him
at that rate in lieu of any other pension to which
he may have been entitled.
Approved, July 13, 1866.
Chap. CXCIII.—An Act for the Relief of John
Gordon.
Beitendcted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of John Gordon,
late of company "G," ninth United States in-
fantry, upon the pension-rolls at the rate of
eight dollars per month, and pay him the same
from and after the passage of this act, and to
continue during his natural life.
Approved, July 13, 1866.
Chap. CXCIV.—An Act for the Relief of J.
Judson Barclay.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
cause to be paid to J. Judson Barclay, consul
at Cyprus, the sum of three thousand dollars,
being the amount paid by him for the expenses
of his consulate, and that the same be paid out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Approved, July 13, 1806.
Chap. CXCV.—An Act for the Relief of Ma-
tilda I. Monroe.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Matilda I. Mon-
roe. widow of David B. Monroe, late a sergeant
in company A, sixty-second Ohio volunteers,
on the pension-rolls at the rate of eight dollars
per month, and continue during her widow-
hood. commencing on the sixteenth of March,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, and in event
of the death or remarriage of said Matilda I.
Monroe, then to the minor children of David
B. Monroe, subject to the limitationsandrestric-
tions of the pension laws.
Approved, July 13, 1866.
Chap. CXCY1.—An Act for the Relief of
Lucinda Gates.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of (he United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Lucinda Gates,
widow of the late Horace Gates, of Franklin,
Vermont, on the roll of invalid pensions, and
pay to her the same pension daring her widow-
hood, from the death of her husband, as was
allowed him per special act approved July four,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
Approved, July 13, 1806.
Chap. CXCVII.—An Act granting a Pension to
Mrs. Mary A. McManus, Widow of Captain
Andrew McManus, late of the Sixty-Ninth
Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, directed to cause
the name of Mrs. Mary A. McManus, of Phila-
delphia, Pennsylvania, and widow of Andrew
McManus, late a captain of the sixty-ninth regi-
mentof Pennsylvania infantry volunteers, to be
placed on the pension-rolls, at the rate of
twenty dollars per month, to continue during
her widowhood, and to continue the said pen-
sion to the child or children of the said Andrew
McManus until they arrive at the age of six-
teen years, in the event of the death or mar-
riage of the said Mary A. McManus.
Approved, July 13, 1866.
Chap. CXCVIIL—An Act granting an Increase
of Pension to Mrs. Mercie E. Scattergood.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to cause the name of Mrs. Mercie E.
Scattergood, widow of Edward Scattergood, to
be placed on the roll of naval pensioners, at
the rate of fifteen dollars per month, to con-
tinue during her widowhood, and to be con-
tinued to the children of said Edward Scatter-
good, who are under sixteen years of age, in
the event of the death or marriage of the said
Mercie E. Scattergood; the pension herein
granted to be in lieu of that now received by
her.
Approved, July 13,1866.
Chap. CXCIX. — An Act for the Relief of
George W. Bush.
Be it enacted by th e Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to George W. Bush, of the city
and county of New York, late a sergeant in
company G, ninetieth regiment New York vol-
unteers, a pension of eight dollars per month
from August twenty-ninth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three, to March third, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five.
Approved, July 13, 1866.
Chap. CCIII.—An Act for the Relief of A. T.
Spencer and Gurdon S. Hubbard.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Postmaster Gen-
eral be, and he is hereby, authorized and in-
structed to audit and adjust the account of A.
T. Spencer and Gurdon S. Hubbard, for car-
rying the United States mail from Chicago,
Illinois, to Mackinac, Sault Ste. Marie, Mar-
quette, Copper Harbor, Eagle Harbor, -Eagle
liiver, and Ontonagan, Michigan; La Point
and Superior, Wisconsin, during the years from
eighteen hundred and fifty-four to eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-nine, inclusive, and allow there-
for such amount as to him shall appear just and
equitable, not. exceeding the amount allowed
for the same service to the party who afterward
performed the same under contract; _ and the
sum by him so found due shall be paid out of
the Treasury of the United States out of any of
the money therein not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, July 18, 1866.
Chap. C CIV.—An Act for the Relief of Saman-
tha Rader.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary ot the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Saraantha Rader,
widow of John Rader, late a private in com-
pany K, seventeenth regiment Ohio infantry^
on the list of pensioners, and pay or cause t®
be paid to her the sum of eight dollars per
month during her widowhood; and in the event
of the marriage or death of the said Sam an th a
Rader, then to the minor child or children of
John Rader, subject to the limitations and re?
strictions of the pension laws.
Approved, July 18, 1866.
Chap. CCV.—An Act granting [a] Pension to
Jonathan W. Beach.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place or have placed upon the pen-
sion-rolls the name of Jonathan \Y. Beach,
and pay t.o him_ the sum of twenty-five dollars
per month during his blindness. This act-'to -
take effect from and after its passage.
Approved, July 18, 1866.
Chap. CCVI.—An Act granting a Pension to
Mrs. Charlotte E. Reed.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized to issue to Mrs.
Charlotte E. Reed, widow of John D. Reed,
late of Falls Church, Fairfax county, Virginia,
a pension certificate, and place her name on
the roll of pensioners, with the pay and under
the conditions and limitations of a widow of a
private of infantry.
Approved, July 18, 1866,
Chap. CCVII.—An Act for the Relief of the
minor Children of Salvador Accadi, de-
ceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and lie is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the names of Adrian J. P.
Accadi and Lavinia M. E. Accadi, minor chil-
dren of the late Salvador Accadi, a musician
in the UnitedStates Navy, on the pension-rolls,
and pay, out of the naval pension fund, a pen-
sion of eight dollars per month to their legally
appointed guardian, until the youngest of said
children shall attain the age of sixteen years.
This act to take effect, from the first day of Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
Approved, July 18, 1806.
Chap. CCXX.—An Act for the Benefit of
William G. Lee.
Be it enacted by the Senate and, House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to pay
William G. Lee, or his legal representatives,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of twenty-eight thousand
four hundred and twenty-eight dollars and fifty
cents, which said sum shall be in full payment
of his claim against the United States, on ac-
count of corn purchased by him in the depart-
ment of Kentucky, as the agent of the quarter-
master' s department, under the agreement made
by him with Captain John A. Morris, in eight-
een hundred and sixty-four, and which corn
spoiled on his hands by reason of the Govern-
ment failing to furnish transportation for the
same.
Approved, July 23, 1866.
Chap. CCXXL— An Act for the Relief of Wil-
liam H. Wheeler, of Bangor,. Maine.
Whereas William H. Wheeler, of Bangor,
Maine, in the month of February, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five, lost a United States
bond of the denomination of five hundred dol-
lars, issued under the act of twenty-fifth Feb-
