1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1919
CODIFICATION OF THE LAWS Oi? DAKOTA.
Mr. HILL, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, reported adversely 011 the memorial of
the Legislature of Dakota asking an appropri-
ation for the codification of the laws of the
Territory of Dakota: which was laid upon the
table.
Mr. MOULTON. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Territories is absent to-day, not
expecting his committee to be called, and I
know he has several important bills to report.
I hope, therefore, that the morning hour will
be considered to be at an end, and that the
committee may have another morning hour
to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
MARINE HOSPITALS AND REVENUE CUTTERS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
privileged question. I am directed to make a
report from the committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill of the House, No. 184, to authorize the
sale of marine hospitals and of revenue cut-
ters. The Senate amended the House bill by
a provision limiting the number of hospitals to
which its provisions should be applied. The
Senate have receded from that amendment,
with an amendment to which the conferees on
the part of the House agree, which merely pro-
vides that the hospitals at Cleveland, Ohio, and
Portland, Maine, shall not be sold. I ask the
adoption of the report.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I would ask the gentleman
if the bill as it now stands proposes to sell all
the marine hospitals on the Ohio river.
Mr. WASHBUTINE, of Illinois. Not all.
The bill which the House passed, and in
which the Senate concurred in, provided for
the sale of certain hospitals. There is a limita-
tion which applies to certain hospitals. It does
not apply to the hospital at Paducah, Ken-
tucky, or to the hospital at Galena, Illinois,
where I live, and both will be sold under
this act.
Mr. N1BLACK. How about the hospital
at Evansville. Indiana?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think the
hospital at Evansville can be sold if the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall deem it best for
the public interest. I ask that the report of
the committee of conference be read.
The Clerk read the report, as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
vote® of the two Houses on (he amendments to the
bill (H. It. Xo. ISt) to authorize the sale of marine
hospitals and of revenue euttcrs, liavins? met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses as
follows:
Til "it the Semite recede fiom their first, second, and
third amendments.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the fourth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with an amendment,
as follows:
Strike out all after the word "provided," in line
twelve of said bill down to the word " where," in
line seventeen, and insert the following:
That, the hospitals at Cleveland. Ohio, and Port-
land, Maine, shall not be sold or leased, nor shall
any hospital be sold or leased.
Z. CHANDLER,
JOIIN SHERMAN,
Managers on the part oj the /Senate.
E. B. WASIIBT7RXE,
B. EGHJLESTOX.
J. II. HUMPHREY,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I nowmove
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, being upon agreeing to
the report of the committee of conference.
Mr. N1BLACK demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the report of the
committee of conference was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LIQUOR IN TIIE CAPITOL.
Mr. WENTWORTH, J^rencw my motion
to proceed to the consideration of business on
the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The first business on the Speaker's table was
a concurrent resolution of the Senate prohib-
iting the sale of spirituous and other liquors in
the Capitol building and grounds.
The resolution, which was read, provides that
the sale of spirituous liquors, wines, and intox-
icating drinks of any description whatever be
prohibited in the Capitol building and grounds ;
and that it shall be the duty of the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings and Grounds imme-
diately to cause to be removed therefrom and
to prevent the sale hereafter of such articles in
the Capitol building or grounds.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know whether I
understand this resolution; and I desire to
inquire whether it is in such a form as to re-
quire the signature of the President. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. WENTWORTH. I desire the Clerk to
read the 19th joint rule of the two Houses, for
I wish to call the attention of members to that
rule.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"No spirituous liquors shall be offered for sale or
exhibited within the Capitol or on the public grounds
adjacent thereto."
Mr. WENTWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I wish
to call the attention of the House to the fact
that this joint rule has been in existence nearly
thirty years, and during all that time it has, I
believe, been rigidly enforced by the officers of
this House. The resolution which now comes
to us from the Senate is simply a reenactment
of that joint rule. Sir, I have yet to learn that
the enactment of a resolution a second time
gives it any additional validity. I may remark,
however, that sometimes when I have been in
the Senate I have wondered that their Presiding
Officer did not enforce this old rule; and it has
seemed to me that it would be better if that
body had our Presiding Officer, and if some of
the members of this House were transferred to
that body. [Laughter.]
It will be observed that the resolution now
under consideration corresponds in its lan-
guage almost precisely with the joint rule which
was adopted as long ago as September 18,1837.
It appears, however, that the Senate desires
that this joint rule shall be reenacted. I see
by the Globe that yesterday a distinguished
Senator, in advocating this resolution, made
this statement:
"I understand that within the last three years,
boys employed in the public service have been taxed
to pay lor liquors that members of Congress have
drunk."
If this be true, it results from the fact that
the Senate does not enforce its own rules. If,
however, additional legislation on this subject
is deef&ed necessary, I am ready to give it my
cheerful support.
I desire to offer one amendment to this reso-
lution. * It will be observed that the enforce-
ment of the prohibition is intrusted to the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings. Now, as this
officer has under his charge all the public build-
ings, I see no reason why he should not be
directed to enforce this regulation in all of
them. I think, for instance, that liquor is
more dangerous in the arsenal, where the pow-
der magazine is, than in this Capitol. I move,
therefore, to amend the resolution by striking
out after the word "Capitol,'1 wherever it
occurs, the word "building," and inserting in
lieu thereof the words "and other public build-
ings;" sothattheclausewillread: "intheCap-
itol and other public buildings and grounds."
This will include every building in the city over
which the jurisdiction of the Commissioner of
Public Buildings extends. I see no reason why
we should not thus cover the whole ground.
I wish to say further, Mr. Speaker, that if
the statement made yesterday in the Senate is
to be understood as implying the charge that
this House has ever directly or indirectly taxed
the boys or anybody else connected with the
House for the benefit of members, the fact has
never come to my knowledge ; nor have I ever
heard of any such thing. Members of the Sen-
ate can speak as to their own employes; but
when they make so serious a charge they must
not implicate "this body unjustly.
Mr. SCHENCK. The word "exhibition"
is used in the resolution. It is not, peihaps,
very clear whether it is intended to apply to the
exhibition of liquors for the purpose of observ-
ing their kind, quality, or color, or whether it
is used in the sense in which that word is used
by physicians, meaning to administer.
Mr. STEVENS. It means the exhibition
of members.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I so understand it.
Thereare several gentlemen, T understand, who
wish to speak upon the question. If that were
not so I would call the previous question.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I ask
the gentleman to yield to me.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I yield to the gentle-
man for five minutes.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I do not
want more than ftvo minutes. I only wish to
suggest that action on the part of this House
restricting the sale of liquor on this side of the
Capitol is entirely unnecessary, as the Speaker
of his own volition, in an early part of the ses-
sion, did away with "the hole-in-the-wall" and
other places where liquors were procured, and
the House subsequently approved and indorsed
that action of the Speaker. I think, therefore,
that the resolution had better be returned to
the Senate so that they may adopt it for them-
selves, as the necessity for the adoption of such
a resolution seems to be with them and not
with this House.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I now yield to my
colleague.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The sug-
gestion I wish to make is this: that, the resolu-
tion be amended so that instead of concurrent
resolution it shall be a joint resolution, and
require the consent of the President.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman wants it
amended so as to require the signature of the
President. He wants to kill it, I see what he
is after. [Lauj^hter. ]
Mr. WRIGHT. I hope the gentleman will
let me move an amendment so that it shall
have as a title ' ' A bill for the relief of the Sen-
ate." We do not need it here.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I do not knoT. just
now where to turn to the rule, but the Speaker
will call the attention of my colleague to the
fact that we cannot amend a concurrent reso-
lution so as to make it a joint resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of ni;uois. i supp0se
this is, like every other legislation which comes
from the Seriate, susceptible of amendment by
the House. I wish to amend this so that it
shall be a joint resolution instead of a con-
current resolution.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Before calling for
the previous question I wish to say one word.
I drew a substitute for the resolution making
it a law instead of a resolution, but on con-
sulting the authorities I found we had no right
to do so.
The SPEAKER. A concurrent resolution
from the Senate cannot be amended by the
House into a joint resolution. That is so for
various reasons. One is, that a concurrent
resolution comes upon an ordinary sheet of
paper, while a joint resolution comes engrossed
and is regularly examined. The only way to
reach the object sought by the gentleman is to
move that this be laid upon the table, and to
send to the Senate a joint resolution.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I think
it ought to be referred to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. NIBLACIv. The Senate, in passing
this concurrent resolution yesterday, gave us
some facts in the course of the debate which
showed the necessity for this legislation so far
as that portion of the Capitol was concerned.
Now, before we extend the scope of the reso-
lution by adopting an amendment extending it
to all the public buildings, I desire to know what
