3840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
to the negro or he is an incfiicicufc officer. Teachers
and others in North Carolina give evidence on this
point too emphatic to be slighted. And I saw with
my own eyes, and heard with my own ears loo much
that sickened me in North Carolina to be willing to
reverse my impressions even in the faeo of your
kindly mention ot General Whittlesey.
f' It is not the bureau that protects the negro ; it is
the presence of the military forces. I fear that our
future history will show that the anti-slavery people
erred in consenting to the existence of the bureau
beyond the end of the war. Why? It is a compro-
mise. It is not patronage that the negro wants, but
justice. Enact impartial suffrage and the bureau
may safely be abolished. But While it exists timid
Republicans will gladly avail themselves of it to <iuiet
their consciences and constituencies."
I shall not read the whole of the letter. Mr.
President, I have referred to this communication
from one of the most prominent anti-slavery
men of the country, published in one of the
most earnest anti-slaveryjournals of the coun-
try, as evidence that the report of Generals
Steedman and Fullerton is true; not a mat-
ter of opinion given by this writer, but a state-
ment of facts upon his own observation and
knowledge of facts which he gathered in the
country where the bureau has its field of oper-
ations, a statement of facts which he says made
him sick at the outrages perpetrated" by the
agents of this bureau upon the .blacks them-
selves, forcing upon him the conviction that
the bureau ought to be abandoned in the inter-
ests of the freedmen.
I know, sir, that when the question comes
up between a veto of the President and the
Senate, even this communication will probably
not control any votes ; but it is right that this
should be made somewhat public to the coun-
try when we now, against the reasons given by
the President, fasten upon the country and
the country's burdened Treasury an engine of
oppression and corruption. I say that no-
where in the world is it safe to place one set of
men in their labor under the control of a few.
V\ hat are the facts ? That in whole States the
men who control the negroes by the thou-
sands become interested in the cultivation of
plantations; they become interested in cheap
labor and the high price of productions; they
become interested in a system and policy that
restores the negro to slavery without imposing
upon the master the responsibility and the in-
terest of his protection. Under the old sys-
tem the master had an interest in taking care
of the slave, in feeding and clothing him well
that he might be a useful property to him.
But under this system the Freedmen's Bureau
agent who becomes interested in the cultivation
of plantations becomes interested in making
for the year the most possible out of the labor
which he controls with a power that is not re-
strained by any letter or word in the Freed-
men's Bureau act. What is your definition of
his power? What is your restraint upon his
conduct? You simply say that there shall be
a Freedmen's Bureau to "take charge of"
the freedmen. What sort of a definition of
power is that? Would you place the white
men of this country under the control of an
agency the power of which is defined by such
power as that—"to take charge of?" "What
does that mean? What may he do? What
may he not do? What is lie doing? What he
may not do no Senator from the language
creating this bureau can say. What lie ougiit
- to do, one Senator may give one opinion upon
and another Senator a very different opinion.
General Grant says that because of the differ-
ence of opinions among the different agents
of this bureau the affairs of this bureau are
managed very differently indifferent localities:
while if you had a law that well defined the
power and well restricted the exercise of that
power you would have some uniformity in the
conduct of the bureau's agents ; but you have
no such law. You have a general declaration
that this bureau through its agents shall take
charge of four million people. Do Senators
say that that is a safe law ? Would you enact
such a law as that as a constitution and form
of government for any set of white men in the
world?
Would you say to the people of Montana,
now perhaps thirty or forty thousand in num-
ber, we will appoint a Governor and secretary
of state to take charge of you, and that shall be
the limit and definition of their power? Among
statesmen it is regarded as of the first impor-
tance when a government is established that its
power shall be accurately defined and suffi-
ciently restrained. It is the boast of our form
of Government that the Constitution defines its
power and restrains the officers in the exercise
of those powers by well-expressed limitations ;
and when you come to establish a government
for four millions of negroes, a government that
not only touches the negroes, but reaches over
upon the white people in their intercourse with
the negroes—for such a government you con-
sider it sufficient and safe and right to say in
general terms that the agents who may be ap-
pointed by General Howard shall take charge
of these people. When Whittlesey and his sub-
ordinates compelled these poor people to work
for their piflfits; when they are amassing large
fortunes out of the sweat of the negroes, they
will say to yon, "We have taken charge of
them. " They liave not gone outside the letter
of their authority, and they have not departed
from the form .of government that you gave
them. That is, they have taken charge of them.
They have taken charge of them and worked
them that they and their families may grow
rich; and you say that is for the safety of this
country!
When the President of the United States
informs us that such a system has resulted in
fraud and corruption, it is not a matter of sur-
prise. for such is the frailty of human nature,
that if you give one man the unrestricted power
of control over a large number, and he has the
power to work them according to his pleasure,
that there shall be fraud and corruption of
course every one would expect. It is the his-
tory of the race that under such circumstances
there will be fraud. To prevent it we establish
oursystem oflaws, restraints, and qualifications.
1 hen, sir, we have not only the assurance
that we gather from human nature itself, from
the loose character of the law that created this
bureau, from the want of restraint and limita-
tion upon the power of the officers of the bureau,
but from the testimony of General Grant, from
the testimony of Generals Steedman and Ful-
lerton, and now from the testimony of the high-
est anti-slavery authority in the United States,
that there is fraud, that thereis corruption, that
there is outrage under this bureau ; and yet you
are asked to pass a law over the veto of the
President giving very strong reasons why the bill
should not pass, to continue this bureau for two
years longer. Where is the evidence that this
bureau has in reality protected the black man
anywhere ? Where is a satisfactory assurance
upon that subject? You have to rely for that
testimony upon the agents themselves. Whit-
tlesey, in North Carolina, who is well described
by Redpath in his communication of last month,
would tell you that his department is a model of
government; that nothing like it is to be found
on earth; that the negroes are happy as princes,
and the white people as contented as lords. All
is going on well, he would tell you, while the
secret is that his subordinates have the oppor-
tunity to become rich under the operations of
the bureau which he controls.
Mr. President, I shall regret to see this law
continued for two years longer. Surely Sena-
tors know very well that there are in this bill
sevex-al sections regulating real estate in the
southern States, and that the bill in regard to
those sections was only considered for a few
hours in the Senate, and I venture to say out-
side the committee who examined the bill in the
committee-room, there is no Senator here who
can state what are the provisions of the bill in
regard to the real estate which it reaches. You
have a general idea that it confirms certain tax
titles ; you have a general idea that it relates
to the lands set apart to the negroes by General
| Sherman; but what the provisions arc. how it
! adjudges title, where it makes a title right that
ought to be so, I think the Senators here have
not that sort of information that they ought to
have in passing a bill of this importance.
This bureau, as is suggested by the Presi-
dent in his message, is to continue for several
months yet. I think it has done evil enough
and_littlc enough of good to justify us in aban-
doning it when it shall cease to exist accord-
ing to the original provisions of the law creat-
ing it.
One suggestion more, Mr. President, and I
shall leave this question, hoping not to refer
to it again in the Senate. It is claimed that
the negroes are citizens of the United States;
that we have made them citizens by virtue of
the civil rights bill, as it is called. If they are
citizens, how is it that wo can set over them a
government peculiar in its framework, entirely
unknown to the Constitution, not contem-
plated or thought of by the fathers ? By virtue
of what authority in the Constitution is it that
you send an agent of a bureau down into
Georgia to make and control a contract made
by a citizen? Can yon send an agent of this
Government into Indiana to control me or my
constituents in the making of their contracts'?
Every one says no. If I am a citizen I make
my own contracts. I am free to regulate them
according to my own pleasure. Then you say,
and you enacted it into a law, that the negro is
a citizen free a's any of us. What! a man free
to do everything except to regulate his con-
tracts and his personal service? If he is not
free for that, in what respect is he free? And
yet you appoint a bureau, with its agents, with-
out any restraint or authority, to control them
in the making of their contracts, to force them
to work. I saw a very singular order very re-
cently made by one of the bureau officers. He
stated that there had come to be within his
region such laziness and vagabondism among
the eolored people that he would put them to
work upon the roads—I think that was his lan-
guage—if they did not return to the farms
where they had made contracts to labor, to
work out their time. If tliey did not do that
he would put them to work upon the high-
ways. Now, I ask Senators, where is the
authority for this in the Constitution of the
United States? Where is the authority for any
officer of this Government to say that if a
white man does not serve out his contract for
a year's service, somebody will put him to
work on the highways as a matter of punish-
ment? I want to know where is the authority
for the establishment within this Government
of a system like this.
Mr. President, I feel that I have done my
duty in resisting this thing. I believe that the
country will sustain the President ii\his veto.
He has sought that these people now made
free shall be governed by the laws and the
Constitution of the land. He has resisted to
the extent of his constitutional power the estab-
lishment over them and the white people among
whom they are found, of a system of govern-
ment unknown to the Constitution and to our
institutions. He has done his duty, and I
believe, sir, that the country will sustain him.
Mr. SA ULSBURY. Mr. President, if there
is anything for which the people of this coun-
try ought to thank Andrew Johnson, President
of the United States, it is that he has set his
face like a flint against the legislation of Con-
gress wholly without constitutional authority,
subversive of the principles of the fundamental
law of the land, dangerous to the existence of
republican principles, and grossly oppressive
to the people of the whole country. For such
a patriotic service he deserves the thanks of
the nation ; and I cannot but believe that in
view of this extraordinary legislation on the
part of Congress, and the firmness with which
lie meets it, a grateful people will hereafter
reward him with its highest honors.
What is the question involved in this ca:e ?
What is the principle involved? No less a
principle than this: has the Congress of the
United States the power to take under its
charge a portion of the people, discriminating
against all others, and put their hand in the
public Treasury, take thepublic money, appro-
priate it to the support of this particular class
of individuals, and tax all the rest of the peo-
