1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE GONGKESSIOM, GLOBE.
44a
Laws of the United States.
39th Cong.....1st Sess.-
(,' II ai*. CCLX.—Au Act for the Relief of Dan-
iel Winslow.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Howe of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Daniel Winslow and
his legal representatives be, and they hereby
are, released and relieved from all judgments,
and from all liens and incumbrances of said
judgments in favor of the United States, here-
tofore obtained against said Winslow, in any
district court of the United States, upon a eon-
tract entered into by said Winslow with the
chief of the Bureau of Provisions and Cloth-
ing, to deliver at the navy-yard in Charles-
town, Massachusetts, eighteen hundred bar-
rels of Navy beef, which contract was dated
September twenty-nine, eighteen hundred and
forty-six ; meaning hereby to release the said
Winslow from all liability arising out of said
contract, or any bond given to secure the per-
formance thereof, and from all judgments
founded on the same, whether against him-
self alone, or himself and his sureties, but
not to relieve him of any levies heretofore
made, or sums paid on said judgments.
Approved, July 25, 1866.
Chap. CCLXL— An Act for the Relief of Mrs.
Eleanor C. Ransom.
jBeit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized to pay Mrs.
Eleanor C. Ransom, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of four hundred dollars, to compensate her
for services performed by her in taking care
of sick and wounded soldiers of the United
States on the steamship North America, on
her voyage from New Orleans to New York,
in December, anno Domini eighteen hundred
and sixty-four.
Approved, July 2o, 1866.
CrtAP. CCLXXI.—An Act for the Relief of W.
B. Kelley.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to W. B. Kelley, late a second
lieutenant in company F, first regiment Ken-
tucky cavalry volunteers, a pension, at the
rate of fifteen dollars per mouth, from the
thirty-first day of July, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, to March thirteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five, amounting to two hundred
and ninety-one dollars and fifty cents.
Approved, July 20, 1866.
Chap. CCLXXII.—An Act granting a Pension
to Mrs. Nancy A. Stocks.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Mrs. Nancy A.
Stocks, widow of Reuben Stocks, late a pri-
vate in company K, eighteenth regiment Illi-
nois infantry volunteers, on the pension-roll,
at the rate of eight dollars per month, to com-
mence from the eleventh day of June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, and to continue dur-
ing her widowhood.
Approved, July 26, 1806.
Chap. CCLXXIIL— An Act granting a Pen-
sion to Drusey A. Layman.
Be it enacted by the. Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the <
Interior is hereby authorized and directed to !
place upon the pension-roll the name of Drusey I
A. Layman, of Palatine, Marion county, West ■
Virginia, widow of Eugenius E. Layman, de- .
3Uxh Coaii. l&r fc)Eos>.—No. 29.
ceased, late a private in company C, of the
seventeenth regiment of West Virginia volun-
teers, and allow and pay to her a pension of
eight dollars per month from the death of her
husband, on the thirteenth day of January, in
the year eighteen hundred and sixty-five, to
continue daring her widowhood.
. Approved, July 26, 1866.
Chap. CCLXXIY.—An Act granting a Pen-
sion to John Pyle.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of John Pyle, late
a sergeant in company B, one hundred and fifth
regiment Indiana militia volunteers, on the
pension-roll, at the rate of fifteen dollars per
month, to commence from and after the passage
of this act, and to continue during his natural
life.
Approved, July 26, 1866.
Chap. CCLXXV.—An Act granting a Pension
to Abraham Lansing.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
CoTigress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Abraham Lan-
sing, late a master's mate in the United States
Navy, on the pension-roll, at the rate of ten
dollars per month, to commence from and after
the passage of this act, and to continue during
his natural life; said pension to be paid out of
the naval pension fund.
Approved, July 26, 1866.
Chap. CCLXXVT.—An Act to extend the
Time of Letters-Patent issued to Thaddeus
Hyatt.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentative^ of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the letters-patent
granted to Thaddeus Hyatt on the twelfth day
of November, one thousand eight hundred and
forty-five, for improvements in vault covers, and
which was reissued on the third day of April,
one thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, and
subsequently extended by the Commissioner of
Patents to the twelfth day of November, one
thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, be, and
the same is hereby, extended for the term of
seven years, commencing on the twelfth day
November, one thousand eight hundred and
sixty-six, and ending on the twelfth day of
November, one thousand eight hundred and
seventy-three, for the benefit of the said Thad-
deus Hyatt, his heirs and legal representatives,
upon the condition hereinafter set forth. And
the Commissioner of Patents is hereby directed,
upon the presentation of said patent, and tlie
payment of the fees and charges provided by
law, to extend said patent by making a certifi-
cate thereon, upon a certified copy thereof, of
such extension in the name of the said Thad-
deus Hyatt, if in his judgment upon full hear-
ing, that the same should be granted. And the
said Commissioner is hereby further directed to
cause said extension, if perfected, to be entered
on the record of the Patent Office. And the
said patent so extended shall have the same
effect as if originally granted for the term ex-
tending to the end of the term to which it is
extended by this act: Provided, however,'WaX
said extended patent shall be open to legal in-
quiry and decision in the same manner as if
issued under the general law relating to patents:
And provided further, That all persons enjoy-
ing the lawful use of the improvement secured
by said patent, aud the purchaser of any ma-
chine so in use may continue to use the same
as if this act had not passed.
Aitkoved, July 26, 1866,
Chap. CCXC.—An Act for the Relief' of John
Hastings, late Surveyor" and Depository of
public Moneys at Pittsburg.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act entitled "An
act for the relief of John Hastings, collector of
the port of Pittsburg," approved March third,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, be, and the
same is hereby, amended so as to read as fol-
lows: that the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed, in
adjusting the accounts of John Hastings as
depository of public monies at Pittsburg, Penn-
sylvania, to give him credit for the sunt of nine
thousand nine hundred and fifty-six dollars and
sixty-two cents, the amount of public money
of which he was robbed on the tenth day of
March,_ eighteen hundred and fifty-four, while
acting in the aforesaid capacity.
Appboyed, July 27, 1866.
Chap. CCXCI.—An Act to authorize Samuel
Stevens, a Stockbridge Indian, to enter and
purchase a certain Tract of Land in the Stock-
bridge Reservation, Wisconsin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Samuel Stevens, a
Stockbridge Indian, be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized to enter and purchase the tract of
land known as lot number one hundred and
twenty-six, in the Stockbridge reservation, in
the county of Calumet and State of Wiscon-
sin, tinder the "act to authorize the issuing of
patents for certain lands in the town of Stock-
bridge, Wisconsin, and for other purposes,"
approved March third, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Commissioner of the General Laud Office be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed, upon
the entry and payment therefor, to cause a
patent, in due form of law, to be issued to the
said Samuel Stevens, in conformity with the
act above mentioned.
Approved, July 27, 1866.
Chap. CCXCIL— An Act for the Relief of Mrs.
Ann E. Smoot, Widow of Captain Joseph
Smoot.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the benefit of the
sixth section of "An act to amend ' An act to
promote theefficiency of theNavy,' " approved
January sixteenth, eighteen hundred andfifty-
ninc, [seven] be, and the same is hereby, ex-
tended to Mrs. Ann E. Smoot, widow of the
late Captain John Smoot, of the United States
Navy, and that the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury be authorized and directed to
pay lior the waiting orders pay of his rank
which her said husband would be entitled to
receive at the time he was placed on the re-
served list on furlough pay, to the date of his
death, deducting therefrom whatever amount
he may have received in the mean time on
account of pay.
Approved, July 27, 1866.
Chap. CCCXIII.—An Act for the Relief of
Francis Colgen.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior bo, and he is hereby, directed to place
the name of Francis Colgen, late a private in
company b, twelfth regiment Wisconsin vol-
unteers, upon the pension-rolls of the United
States, at the same rate that is allowed to sol-
diers or seamen who have lost the sight of
both eyes in the military or naval service of
the United States, subject to the biennial exam-
ination prescribed in the general pension laws ;
