1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ssr
an amount that was due lost year. This is one
of the items of die old bill. It is to carry out
co!i! ra.cl.-J made uudei' a former lav/.
Mr. WASHBURXE. of Illinois. I think we
had bottei stiike it outand let it go to the Sen-
ate. We mav be able to get inure information
on the Hibjecl tin-re.
I will withdraw my amendment, however,
and nice ly say one word in regard to the furnish-
ing oi'this court-house. J was told at the Inte-
rior Department that they went on, without any
authority of law whatever, and furnished the
court-house in a most extravagant manner, and
the Interior Department refused to pay for it;
and now they come here and ask for this very
large sum of money.
Mr. .1. L THOMAS. I do not know any-
thin;! about the particular items in this appro-
priation. I know, however, one thing, that
most of those articles that were furnished for
the construction of the new court-house in Bal-
timore were furnished by men in Newlork
and in the eastern States. I do not think any
citizens of Baltimore have any interest in this
appropriation.
The contractor for building the court-house
was a man, I think, from Brooklyn, in the State
of New York—a man who I understand has
built court-houses elsewhere, and who is a man
of great integrity and honesty. I_ agree with
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. W asiibvrxe]
that there was perhaps a great deal of useless
expense in relation to the inside work ot that
court-room : but the court-house was accepted
by the Interior Department as constructed by
the man with whom the contract Has made by
At least that is my under-
Mr. HILL. I desire to ascertain from the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
[Mr. Stevkns] whether this court-liouse was
built and the furniture supplied under a con-
! tract? 1 did not distinctly understand whether
: the contract to which he referred embraced
i both the building and the furniture, or whether
the building was erected under a contract, and
J.the furniture supplied without a contract.
! Mr. STEVENS. We have no information
| except what we get from the Department. The
! Department informs us that this amount is due
from the Government to the contractors, and
we have reported it accordingly. Whether the
appropriation shall be made or not is for the
House to determine.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am not
mistaken as to what the Assistant,'Secretary of
the 1 nterior told me in regard to this very appro-
priation ; that they went on without any author-
ity of law whatever and bought this furniture,
and the Department refused to pay for it; they
had no fund out of which to pay for it. What I
protest against here, and always protest against,
is the contracting of debts by a Department or
by any one in the name of the Government
without any authority of law. It is very true
that the 1 nterior Department has recommended
us to pay this : but it is in our discretion whether
we will sanction this sort of thing. I am op-
posed 1o it.
Mr. HILL. I am decidedly in favor of carry-
ing out strictly and religiously all the contracts
ot?the Government. But if any patt of this
expenditure has not been incurred pursuant to
a contract entered into by the Government, 1
think that it- is but right that the House should
know what are the circumstances under which
the indebtedness has arisen, before appropri-
ating this large amount, of money. For that
reason I think the amendment is a proper one.
Mr. S. L. THOMAS. I will state for the
information of this House, that this courthouse
I has not only been built and all this furniture
! placed in it. hut for some months past it has
i been used by the United States Government for
the United "States district and circuit courts.
The lower floor is furnished for the use of the
United States marshals and the United States
district attorneys, together with all the other
offices of the United States, with the exception
of the post office and the custom-house, in that
district.
Now. it appears to me, that inasmuch as the
Secretary ol the Interior has accepted this court-
house with all the furniture and appurtenances
therein, according to the contract, it is nothing
more than right that the contractor should be
paid. The citizens of Baltimore aie not par-
ticularly interested in this. lor we have our com t-
house built and all the furniture in it. The
only question now is about paying for it.
Mr. HILL. J understand from the gentle-
man that he regards it as a correct principle
that the Secretary of the Interior may, by ■the
acceptance of any work or material, bind Con-
gress to pay for it. I desire to know whether
1 am correct in my understanding.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. No, sir; the gentle-
man lias not understood me correctly. >\ hat
I mean to say is this: that where the Secretary
oftiic Interior, or any other officer of the Gov-
ernment as high in position as lieis, accepts a
the Government.
standing of it.
Mr. WASIIBURXE, of Illinois. _ What was
the expense of the furniture for furnishing that
Baltimore court-house?
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. I do not know. I have
stated that I did not know anything about any
of the items which go to make up this ap-
propriation ; and I did not know until I \\as
just now called upon that this appropriation
was in the deficiency bill. I do not know what
are the items that go to make up this appro-
priation. nor who were the contractors. I sup-
pose that the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations [Mr. Steven's] can inform the
House what are the items that go to make up
this gro^s amount.
The CHA1RMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washlukxe] proposes to withdraw
his amendment.
Objection was made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then! must
ask a new count.
The CHAIRMAN. As there has been some
debate since the last count was taken, the Chair
will regard the question upon striking out the
appropriation for the Baltimore court-house as
one lust oilered and open to debate.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to say that I think
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. \\ asiibvhse]
is mistaken inregaid to the Department ol the
Intel ior. That Department, has recommended,
as will be found on page f> of the estimates.
this voi v apnropriation. and ask it to be made in
order to enable them to pay a debt contract eu.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Did the De-
htw><and |! he'^.^^on^ here^^that^ry-
thorirv of   . . . - - .
Mr." STEVENS. No, sir: authority was
given, and a contract was made under that
authority: and this is the amount due under
that contract.
M'- IIABDfNG. oflllinois. And no appro-
priation has been made to pay the contract?
Mr. STEVENS. No appropriation has been
made to finish it. , ,, r>
Mr. HARDING-, of Illinois. Poos The De-
partment have discretionary power to make such
a court-house as they please ■
Mr. STEVENS. The Department report to
us'thei the contract was made and executed:
and thi- is the amount due on that cont
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. How
Denartnient authorized to make the coutr,
Mr. STE VEN S. By an old law.
thin" done bv him has been done in strict ae
l! cor dance with law. I do not go behind the
:! acts of the S.Ccretarv of the Interior or any
It other officer of this Government occupying as
ij hi ah an official position as he does, tf the Sec-
ret a rv of the Interior accepted that court-liouse,
i as the chairman of the committee states, it is
' presumable that be did not accept it contun}'
! to the provisions of existing law., or contraiy
to the contract which ■« as entered into at the
!- time that, the court-house was built. _ Aow,
1 somebody must be paid for the work which has
,! been done. The court-house has been omh .
,11 tract. i' and. according to my information, as I ,ia\e
. was the " stated, not only was it built by men from the
contract" i' North, but the furniture was provided by them.
" I maintain that these men ought to be paid.
Mr. HILL. I think that I ,wss correct in am
understanding of the gentleman's views. At ail
events, I differ from him in this: I deny that
an officer of this Government, whether high or
low, can appropriate funds from the Treasury
without authority of law. I approve of the
time-honored principle that appropriations of
money should be made by Congress, the legis-
lative department of the Government, not by
the executive or any other department. Hence
I insist that the fact that the Secretory of the
Interior or any other officer has accepted cer-
tain materials or certain work, does not impose
upon Congress any sort of obligation to pay
one dollar of the expense incurred, unless it
has been incurred in pursuance of law.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me ask the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Hill] a question. Suppose
that some person should furnish liim a horse,
for which ho did not contract, but which he ac-
cepted and used and kept, would he not con-
sider himself bound to pay for it?
Mr. HILL. If I accepted it and used it I
should doubtless consider myself bound as an
individual to pay for it. But the point which
I make is that the Secretary of the Interior has
no authority to bind Congress by contracting
without the authority of Congress, if that is the
case, for any material or work or anything of
the kind.
Mr. KASSON. I simply wish to state what
I understand to bo the position of this case.
The construction of this court-house was au-
thorized by law. Appropriations were made in
the usual way for its construction and for fur-
nishing it. Those appropriations have proved
insufficient. The work is done ; the property
is being used and worn out, so far as it is per-
sonal property, by the Government. The Sec-
retary of the Interior, the only responsible party
whom we know, has adjusted these claims, with
the aid of the proper accounting officer, and
he reports them, now to Congress as amounting
to this sum.
The only ground of the opposition to the pres-
ent appropriation is that the gentleman from
Illinois says that a subordinate officer of the
Department, in personal conversation with
him, has stated that the property (referring, as
I understand, only to the furniture,) was con-
tracted for without the prior direction of the
Secretary of the Interior. We have no letter ;
wc have no report; we have simply the state-
ment of one of our colleagues, resting upon
the statement, not in writing, of another man,
and he a subordinate in the Department ; and
we are asked to accept this, in opposition to
the express declaration of the head of the De-
partment that the United States owes this much
money for property which it is now using. If
this committee should permit the unauthenti-
cated statements—of course I intend no im-
peach men t of tlie verbal statements of anybody \
I mean officially unauthenticated statements, to
override oilici&lly authenticated statements) it
would be of course a rather bad precedent to
ddMr." WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
ask the eentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kaksox]
what officially authenticated statement he has
from the Secretary of the Interior in regard to
this matter, except a statement of the gross
a,mount which is due. I undertake to savthat
if the consideration of this bill be postponed
until to-morrow, I will produce the evidence
to support every statement that, I hare made,
and to show that, this appropriation is without
authority of law. _
Mr. KASSON. T want to vindicate misstate-
ment.' The authority is the same upon which wo
makeup all the bills'which are made up by order
of the House in the committee, the official au-
thenticated reports of the proper Departments,
concentrated at the Treasury Department, and
reported in conformity to law to this depart-
ment, and perfectly responsible in every par-
ticular. A mong them is found an item for the
pavment of claims for furnishing and for the
construction of the Baltimore post office build-
in". It is thus authenticated to the commit-
tee, the amount given showing its adjustment,
