442
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 22,
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
to commence on the fifteenth day of January,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, the date of
his discharge from the service.
Approved, July 28, 1866.
Chap. CCCXIV.—An Act for the Belief of
William Croswell.
Be it enactedby the Senate andBouseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
.Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of William Cros-
well, of Boston, in the State of Massachusetts,
on the roll of invalid pensioners, at the rate of*
eight dollars per month, said pension to com-
mence on the first day of February, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five; to be paid out of the
naval pension fund.
Approved, July 28, 1866.
Chap. CCCXV.— An Act for the Relief of
Marion M. Buxton.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Marion M. Bux-
ton, widow of James H. Buxton, late an ensign
in the United States Navy, on the pension-rolls,
at the rate prescribed by law for officers of his
rank; said pension to be paid out of the "naval
pension fund." And in case of the death or
remarriage of the said Marion M. Buxton, then
to the minor child or children of the said James
H. Buxton, subject to the limitations and
restrictions of the pension laws.
Approved, July 28, 1806.
Chap. CCCXVI.—An Act for the Relief of
Quincy A. May.
Be it enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Quincy A. May,
of company H, eighty-third regiment of Illi-
nois volunteers, on the list of pensioners, and
pay or cause to be paid to him the sum of eight
dollars per month from the passage of this act.
Approved, July 28, 1866.
Chap. CCCXVII.—-An Act granting a Pension
to Daniel Lucas.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United, States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Daniel Lucas, of
Plymouth, Massachusetts, formerly a private of
company E, third U. S. infantry, on the roll
of invalid pensions, and pay to him monthly
such a sum as he may be entitled [to] under
the limitations and restrictions regulating the
payment of pensions.
Approved, July 28, 18C6.
Chap. CCCXVIII.—An Act for the Relief of
Robert Baldwin.
_ Whereas, on the fifth day of December,
eighteen hundred and forty-nine, Robert Bald-
win located at the land office at Milan, in the
State of Missouri, three military bounty land-
warrants issued under the act of eighteen hun-
dred and forty-seven, each for one hundred and
sixty acres and numbered seven thousand eight
hundred and forty-seven, twenty-six thousand
eight hundred and one, and fifty thousand two
hundred and sixty-three, upon the following-
described public lands, to wit: the west half
lot number one northwest quarter section five:
the east half lots number one and two north-
east quarter section six in town fifty-seven
range sixteen: the southeast quarter southeast
quarter, the west half northeast quarter, the
east half northwest quarter, the west half south-
east quarter, the northeast quarter southeast
quarter, and the northeast quarter southwest
quarter of section thirty-one town fifty-eight
range sixteen, receiving from the register of
said land office at Milan, duplicate certificates of
location ; and whereas the said military bounty
land-warrants were lost from the mail in their
transmission from said land office to Washing-
ton, and have not since been heard from:
Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to cause patents for said Jands to be
issued to said Robert Baldwin, upon his sur-
rendering to the -Commissioner of the General
Land Office the said duplicate certificates of
location.
Approved, July 28,1866.
PRIVATE RESOLUTIONS.
No. 22.—A Resolution authorizing Commo-
dore William Radford to accept a Decora-
tion from the King of Italy.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the assent of Con-
gress be, and the same is hereby, given to
Commodore William Radford, of the Navy of
the United States, to accept the decoration of
the Equestrian Order of Saint Maurice, be-
stowed upon him by the King of Italy, as a
reward for the assistance rendered by him to
the Italian frigate Re d! Italia, when she got
ashore near Long Branch.
Approved, April 13, 1866.
No. 23.—A Resolution authorizing Rear Ad-
miral H. Paulding to accept a Decoration
from the King of Italy.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Rear Admiral II.
Paulding, of the Navy of the United States,
may accept a decoration of the Equestrian
Order of St. Maurice, which has been tendered
to him by the King of Italy as a reward for
assistance rendered to the Italian frigate Re
d'ltalia when she got ashore near Long Branch.
Api'eoved, April 13, 1866.
No. 28.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Alexander Thompson, late United States
Consul at Maranham.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembler], That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department be,
and they are hereby, authorized and required
to adjust and pay all proper accounts and
claims of Alexander Thompson for salary and
services as consul at Maranham, in Brazil, in
as full and ample a manner as if he had been
a citizen of the United States while dischar-
ging the duties of said office.
Approved, April 21, 18C6.
No. 30.—A Resolution authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to adjust the Claim of
Beals and Dixon against the United States.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized to cause the ac-
counts of Beals and Dixon, for deliveries of
material after May one, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one. under their contracts with the Uni-
ted States, to be adjusted and paid; allowing
to said Beals and Dixon such additional prices
for material delivered after May one, eighteen
hundred and sixty-one, as, in his opinion, they
may be justly entitled to under the provisiona
of their supplementary contract, dated Jan-
uary one, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven:
Provided, That, in the opinion of the Attor-
ney General, said Beals and Dixon have a legal
claim upon the United States for an increase
of prices under said contract.
Approved, May 2, 1866.
No. 33.—Joint Resolution providing for the
Reappraisement of the Lands described in
an Act for the Relief of William Sawyer and
others of Ohio.
Beit resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized to
appoint a commissioner to reappraise the lands
described in the act entitled "An act for the
relief of William Sawyer and others of Ohio,"
approved July second, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four: Provided, however, that the occu-
pants of said lands shall pay all the expenses
of the reappraisement.
Approved, May 5, 1866.
No. 36.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Rev. Harrison Heermanee, late Chaplain of
[the] One Hundred and Twenty-Eighth Regi-
ment New York Volunteers.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Paymaster Gen-
eral of the Army be, and he is hereby, author-
ized and required to adjust and pay, out of any
money appropriated or hereafter to be appro-
priated for the payment of the Army, the ac-
count of Rev. Harrison Heermanee, late chap-
lain of the one hundred and twenty-eighth
regiment of New York volunteers, for such
period as it shall appear that ho actually ren-
dered service as chaplain of said regiment, and
for which he received no pay by reason of de-
fective muster, or otherwise, th[r]ough no fault
of his own.
Approved, May 9, 1866.
No. 54.—A Resolution referring the Petition
and Papers in the Case of Joseph Noek to
the Court of Claims.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the claim of Joseph
Nock for damages occasioned by the annul-
ment of his contract for furnishing locks and
keys for the use of the United States mail, and
also for the use of said Nock's patent in the
manufacture of mail locks subsequent to such
annulment, be, and it is hereEy, referred to
the Court of Claims for its decision, in accord-
ance with the principles of equity and justice :
Provided, That said court do not render judg-
ment for a greater sum than is contained in the
report of Solicitor Comstock to the Senate,
dated December twenty-two, anno Domini
eighteen hundred and fifty-two.
Approved, June 21, I860.
No. 56.—A Resolution for the Relief of Sam
uel Norris.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the claim of Samuel
Norris of California, for supplies furnished the
Indians of'that State,"under contracts made
with certain commissioners, or either of them,
authorized to negotiate,treaties with said In-
dians, and ail papers relating thereto, be re-
ferred back to the Court of Claims for exami-
nation and allowance; and that in fixing the
amount to be paid the claimant the rule shall
be the actual value of the supplies furnished
at the times and places of delivery, of which
due proof shall be made by the claimant.
Approved, June 22, 1866.
