1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
>85f
ent President and his family to say that their
estimates of what is needed have been made,
in mv judgment, on the most economical scale
consistent with the dignity of the nation. Vire
find that loss than this sum will not suffice.
There is some 'plo.OOO unpaid after appropri-
ating (he whole of the MO.OOO. T trust that
enough has been said to show to the House the
necessity of this appropriation, and that it will
be made without objection.
Mr. UPSON, i would inquire of the gen-
tleman if (here was 110 public officer whose duty
it was to see that this property was protected ?
Mr. STEVENS. There was a steward ap-
pointed bv the late President, but it turned out
that he was not a responsible person. He was
appointed by Mr. Lincoln himself, and it was
his duty to take care of the property.
The Committee on Appropriations, under
these circumstances, have prepared a bill mak-
ing the stewa rd responsible to the Government,
and requiring him to give such security as will
prevent anything of this kind in the future.
Mr. NIBLACK. I would inquire if the miss-
ing spoons are the same that Mr. Ogle talked
about a few years ago? [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. Yes. they are the same
spoons. They are the gold spoons that were
purchased, I think, by Mr. Van Buren, at great
expense, and I may say that out of a large num-
ber of ppoons, forks, and knives, which were
very valuable, but one or two would be left out ■
of two dozen ; and all that has been done has
been to turmsh samples to the persons in New
York who furnish these things, and they are
being replaced, not to the extent that Mr. Van
Buren had, but as nearly as the present humble
and economical President deems necessary. I
can say to the committee that nothing more is
asked by the President and his family than is
absolutely necessary to make the house decent.
Mr. UPSON. They left some for samples ?
Mr. STEVENS. They left a sample or two,
because they did not want to make them get
an entirely different set. I have understood
that some of these things are — well, it is no
matter where they are.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill, until the following clause was read:
For annua] repairs of the Capitol, water-closets,
public Ft,ibios, water-pipes, pavements, and other
walks within the Capitol square, broken frlass and
locks, ami lor the protection of thei buildins, and
keepimr tho main approaches to u unincumbered, in
addition to old material sold, $8,000.
Mr. SC1IENCK. 1 move to amend by insert-
ing after the clause just read the tollowing :
For removing the unsightly double railing or fenee
erected across the old Hail ol tlio House of .Represent-
atives m the Capitol, llUO.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 hope the gentleman will
modifv his amendment so as to include "the
monsters." [Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I have been watching this
bill uarefullv lor some time, as it was read, in
ordei to find an oppoitunit.y to offer this amend-
ment. Bv a very general concurrence of sen-
timent in" the la'ot Congress an appropriation
was made for the removal of that singular and
strange structure across the old Hall ofthe House
of Representatives. But in consequence ofthe
failure of the miscellaneous appropriation bill
of last session, or from some other cause, the
appropriation failed. I propose to renew the
>roposition at this time. and in this Congress,
.t is not necessary that I should describe that
"which members here see every day.
The architect of this Capitol, whose acquaint-
ance 1 have not the honor of enjoying; may b«
a man of exceedingly good taste, but if that be
an indication of his capabilit}' and qualitj in
that respect, then l have very much mistaken
what constitutes <rood taste. There is a railing
across that Halt, which, by previous legislation,
had been appropriated as a gallery of statnarj ^
a railing so clumsy, so rough, so high, that it
seems in every sense to defeat the ^ er\ object
for which the oid Hail, with all its former agree-
able and sacred associations, was set apait.
Mr. STEVEN'S. Does the gentleman com-
plain ofthe height of that railing/
S
Mr. SCHENCK. I do complain of the height.
A man of ordinary stature like myself may be
able to reach up and put his nose, or even his
chin, on the top of the railing. My friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] may bo able to
do better than that; but he is taller than some
of bis peers. His colleague near me, [Mr.
O'Neill,] I think would have to look through
the bars. The gentleman from Illinois, repre-
scutingtlieChieagodistrict, [Mr. AVextwoeth,]
no doubt can look entirely over it, and stand
there and look with admiring sympathy upon
the female form, his compeer' in size at least,
[laughter,] which is standing upon"k pedestal
there.
Mr. STEVENS. Is not that high railing
necessary to keep that female from breaking
out? [Loud laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. My friend from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevexs] has suggested that I mod-
ify my amendment so as to require the removal
of the monster erected there, which, I suppose,
is that female figure. I will leave him to move
that amendment. But I will say that that, too,
is an instance of no very great good taste upon
the part of the architect, or the Commissioner
of Public Buildings, who had that prototype of
the colossal statue upon the top of the dome
put there for public admiration, as passers
come and go through that Hall.
Mr. SPALDING. Will the gentleman ac-
cept a modification of his amendment, so as to
include '• and other nuisances in that Hall?"
There are quite a number of them there besides
that fence.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to that
being ordered. But for the present I wish to
make a remark about "the monster," as it is
termed. I do not. propose to criticise anything
about it except the absence of the cap of lib-
erty on the head of that figure. I suppose gen-
tlemen know very well that it was for the pur-
pose of yielding to the prejudices of a certain
Jefferson Davis that that was taken off and the
helmet or crown put upon her head. But that
statue, whatever it may have on its head, is
certainly out of place there. 1 had supposed
that every principle of art required that a
colossal statue should be elevated a sufficient
distance to make it have some appearance of
natural size. But this strange creature is
brought down to within the near vision of every
passer-by, thus converting the statue of George
Washington, on the other side ot the Hall, into
a mere Tom Thumb in comparison.
Mr. iUCE, of Maine. Will the gentleman
( from Ohio [Mr. Suhcxck] yield to me that i
i, may make a statement in \ indication of certain
parties?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes. sir.
Mr. IUCE, of .Maine. I simply wish to say,
in vindication of the present architect in charge
of the Capitol, that he is not the gentleman who
ordered that huge fence to be put up. I think
we all concur in the opinion that that fence
should bo removed ; and I will say, for the in-
formation ofthe gentleman from Ohio and the
House, that the present architect is now pre-
paring to take that fence away and put another
in its place. This amendment consequently will
be of no advantage, because the matter will be
attended to without it. The architect concurs
with the gentlemen of this House in the opinion
that a fence of that character in such a place is
a flagrant outrage upon good taste and propri-
ety. No appropriation is necessary lor the re-
moval of that fenee, because the expense will
come out of the fund for the Capitol extension.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am very glad to have that,
explanation, so far as it goes, in vindication of
the architect; but in reply I would remark that
in the last Congress the assurance was given to
this House that that fence would be removed
before Congress should again assemble.
Mr. lllCE. of Maine. But we have now
another architect. The gentleman who had
that fence put up is no longer connected with
the Capitol, and the gentleman from Ohio may
rest assured 
Mr. SCHENCK. I would prefer to -'make
assurance doubly sure" by requiring to be done
that which no principle of good taste, or sense
of propriety has yet succeeded in bringing
about. I must therefore insist on rny amend-
ment, though I am willing to reduce the amount
to five or ten dollars. All that I desire is that
we shall embody in this bill an indication of
the judgment and the wish of Congress on this
subject.
My friend from Illinois [Mr. Washburne]
suggests that that railing, being upon either
side of a path leading from this end of the Cap-
itol to the other, ought to be preserved for the
benefit of ambitious gentlemen who desire to
go from this House to the Senate; and I sup-
pose he intended to express his entire sympa-
thy with me in my failure to effect that object.
I wish to console him as well as myself by say-
ing that, whatever may have been his experi-
ence, it has been ascertained that a straightfor-
ward path is not the best by which to reach the
Senate ; and perhaps on that account it might
be better that some change should bo made in
the direction given to that railing. Perhaps if
the fenee were made so low that one could ride
upon it, and be "on the fence" occasionally,
it would be an advantage to aspirants to sena-
torialhonors. [Laughter.] I shall not>be moved
from my purpose by any suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Illinois on that point. Tn his in-
terest as well as my own, I shall adhere to the
proposition that the bill be so amended as to
express the judgment of this House unmistak-
ably to the architect or whoever else may have
control of this matter, that that fence must be
taken awav.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I have no objection
to that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio by adding to it the following:
And that all stands for the sale or display of any
articles whatever In any of the entrances to the House
be removed.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I wish to 'say in this
connection that the question with reference to
the occupancy of the corridors or halls in the
manner now complained of was referred some
clays since to the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds. I send to the Clerk's desk
a communication on this subject from the
Commissioner of Public Buildings.
The Clerk read, as follows ;
Office Commissioner of Public Bcitjmngs,
CUl'itol of the united states,
Washington City, 2'cbmaryH), 1866.
Sir: I have the lronorto acknowledge the rcceipfc
from you of an order of the House of ItepresentaUves
directing the Committee 011 Public Buihtnigs and
Grounds "to inquire as to an alleged mutilation of
the bronze doors at the south entrance to the old
Hall: and alto as to tlic occupancy ior vauous pur-
pose* ol said Hall and the passages lending thereto,
wit h the request that 1 would iurnish you with such
information as X could, touching the subjects ot tiie
resolution. ,
The bronze doois were put up under the direction
and supervision of the arcbitectof the Capitol exten-
sion, they being considered a part of that structure.
They had been up but, a veiyshort time,! have been
told not over a week, when it way discovered thattiie
sword in tho hnnd of one of the tares, the chain
upon the arms of a figure of Columbus, and the rem
upon the neck of a mule, had been sloieu. J he mo-
ment iny attention was called to the fact T placed the
watchman who had been kept in the old Hall, m the
passage south of the doors, aud near them, vtrtn spe-
cial directions to watch them closely, to suffer no oil©,
to handle them, and to see that no depredation was
■I made upon them. From that time to thi?, nothing
ij has, to my knowledge, been stolen Irom them, and
i thev hare been constantly under the eye of that
ij watchman whenever the Capitol lias been open,
i The old Hall is bv law. made a hall lor statuary to
! he fuim.-hed by the several btates of the Union.
i! 3£.l<;h State ha> been lontr since notuicd through the
'! Department of State that the Hall > ready to re-
'i ceivc such statuary, within the limit of the act, ot
:! Congress. as they may think proper to send.
!! has vet been received. Several pieces of statuary had
been deposited iu the rotunda that it wa< desirable
I should be removed, and the old Ilall boms? entirely
i| empty, I thought it would be far better to place them
'! thereuntil the space should be wanted for the statu-
!i ary that might be furnished from the btates, than to
' have them im-umbcrinor tho votundo. and by my order
i< The btatue of "Washington, the Dymor Tccumseh, ana
i; the statue of Kosciusko were removed from thesro-
!! tunda to the old Hall. Two bn^t,, one ot
Lincoln and on^ of Piwlent Johnson, have been
placed in the oid Hall by my permission, lhe statue
ol freedom, by Crawford, being the of the
' bionze figure which surmounts the dome was placed
there through the agency of the Capitol extension,
