1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•443
Laws of ihe United States.
39th Gong. ... 1st Bess.
No. 59.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Charles M. Blake.
Beit resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be paid to
Charles M. Blake six months' salary as chap-
lain in the Army in full for the pay of which
he was deprived while waiting investigation
into the charges preferred against him, at the
close of which investigation he was restored to
his position by the Secretary of War.
Appkoved,' June 27, 1866.
No. 60.—Joint Resolution for the Eelief of
Elizabeth Woodward and George Chorpen-
ning, of Pennsylvania.
Beit resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of twenty-
eight thousand one hundred and seventy-five
dollars shall be paid by the Secretary of the
Treasury, out of any money not otherwise
appropriated, in equal moieties to Elizabeth
Woodward, widow of Absalom Woodward, and
George Chorpenning, for destruction of prop-
erty by Indians between Salt Lake and Cali-
fornia prior to the first of July, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-two; the moiety paid to the said
Elizabeth Woodward to be for the use of her-
self and her four children.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the
further sum of twenty-six thousand three hun-
dred and seventy dollars shall be paid in the
same manner to George Chorpenning for prop-
erty destroyed by Indians between Salt Lake
and California prior to the first of April, eight-
een hundred and fifty-six; and the amount thus
paid shall be deducted from any annuities now
due or that may hereafter become due to the
Indians inhabiting the said territory.
Approved, June 29, 1866.
No. 61.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Ambrose L. Goodrich and Nathan Cornish,
for carrying the United States Mail from
Boise City to Idaho City, in the Territory of
Idaho, and of Daniel Wellington and J. C.
Dorsey, for extra Services in carrying the
Mails.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Postmaster Gen-
eral be. and is hereby, authorized to audit
and settle, as to him may appear just and equi-
table, the demand of Ambrose L. Goodrich
and Nathan Cornish for carrying the United
States mail on route sixteen thousand and one,
from Boise City to Idaho City, in the Territory
of Idaho, from the fifth day of July, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, until the first day of
July, eighteenhundredandsixty-five: Provided,
That the amount to be allowed shall not ex-"
. ceed eight thousand dollars ; and also to audit
and settle in like manner the d-emand of Daniel
Wellington and J. C. Dorsey, for extra ser-
vices in carrying the United States mails on
route number fourteen thousand six hundred
and two, between the towns of Carson Citj'and
Aurora, in the State of Nevada, from July first,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, to June thir- .
tioth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five : Pro- '
vided, That the amount to be allowed shall
not exceed fen thousand dollars.
Approved, June i!i), I860.
No. G4.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Joseph Parkins. .
Be it resolved by the Senate and Ilnuse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the proper account-
ing officer of the War Department lie. and he
is hereby, authorized and instructed to pay to
Joseph Parkins, who has been and now is de-
livering the stcme for the construction of the
arsenal at Rock Island, in the State of Illinois,
in lieu of the contract price, the sum of thir-
teen dollars and fifty cents per perch for all
stone delivered and to be delivered for the con-
struction of said arsenal, and that said Parkins
shall receive and accept said sum as full satis-
faction of all claims under said contract, and
shall never make any further claim for any ser-
vices rendered by him thereunder.
Approved, July 3, 1866.
No. 65.—Joint Resolution providing for the
Settlement of Accounts of W. H. Hamriek.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department be di-
rected to settle the accounts of the late Wyatt
H. Hamriek, lieutenant and quartermaster of
the thirty-ninth Ohio volunteers, upon equitable
terms, and upon the best evidence available.
Approved, July 3, 1866.
No. 68.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
* Edgar T. Harris.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the name of Edgar
T. Harris, late of the first West Virginia in-
fantry. be placed on the list of pensioners and
be entitled to such pension as is now or may
hereafter be allowed by law to pensioners hav-
ing total and permanent disability.
Approved, July 18, 1866.
No. 70.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
John Wells and Sons, of Baltimore.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Quartermaster
General, with the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury Department, is hereby author-
ized to remit to John Wells and Sons, of Bal-
timore, Maryland, so much of the penalty in-
curred by them by reason of their failure to
comply with their contract entered into on the
fourth day of October, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, with Captain S. H. Dunan, A. Q.
M., under the direction of the Quartermaster
General, for repairing the steamer "City of
Albany" as may not be covered by the actual
loss of the Government, by reason of the delay
in completing said steamer in accordance with
the strict terms of the contract.
Appkoved, July 23, 1866.
No. 71.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Caroline A. Randall, Administratrix and
Widow of Charles B. Randall, deceased.
Be it resolved by the Senat-e and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department be, and
they are hereby, authorized and directed to pay
to the legal representatives of Charles B. Ran-
dall, deceased, late lieutenant colonel of the
149th regiment New York volunteer infantry,
who was killed in action, on the twentieth July,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, at the battle
of Beech Tree Creek, Georgia, the sum of one
hundred and seventy-five dollars, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, as payment for one private horse used
by said Randall in the military service.^ which
horse was lost by starvation five days after the
death of said Randall.
Approved, July 23, 1866.
No. 72.-—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Isaac Ranney, Internal Revenue Collector
for the Eighth District, Ohio.
Whereas, on the night of the tweutv;fifth
day of June, A. D. eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, the office of Thomas J. Robinson, deputy
collector of Isaac Ranney, internal revenue col-
lector for the eighth district, .Ohio, located at
Mansfield in said State? was burglariously en-
tered by persons whose names are unknown;
and whereas said burglars did, on the night
aforesaid, at the office aforesaid, by means of
drills and gunpowder, break into and enter the
iron safe of said deputy collector, and felo-
niously steal and carry away revenue stamps
therefrom belonging to the Government of the
United States to the amount of six hundred
and thirty-two dollars and twenty-three cents;
and whereas, further, -said burglarious entry
and larceny was not attributable to any neglect
of duty on the part of said Thomas J. Robin-
son, as such deputy collector, and that said
office and safe were in all respects such as were
required by the law and the regulations of the
Treasury Department: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Seriate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he hereby is, directed and
required in the settlement of the accounts of
said Isaac Ranney, as such internal revenue
collector, with the Government of the United
States, to allow and give credit to the said
Ranney for the amount of said stamps stolen
as aforesaid.
Approved, July 23, 1866.
No. 78.—A Resolution to refer the Claim of
the Administrator of Richard W. Meade,
deceased, to the Court of Claims.
Whereas doubts are entertained whether the
claim of the estate of Richard W. Meade, de-
ceased, upon the Government of the United
States is covered and embraced by the ninth
section of the act of third March, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, entitled "An act to amend
an act to establish a court for the investigation
of claims against the United States," approved
February twenty-four, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, which case was referred to the said
court by resolution of the Senate, passed
twenty-seventh February, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one. Now, in order to remo.ve all
donbts on that subject,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the said claim of
Richard W. Meade, administrator of Richard
W. Meade, deceased, be, and the same is hereby,
referred to the Court of Claims for adjudication
thereof, pursuant to authority conferred upon
said court by any existing law to examine and
decide claims against the United States, referred
to it by Congress.
Approved, July 25, 1866.
No.
-A Resolution for the Relief of Ser-
geant Milton McKinnon.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to Sergeant Milton McKinnon
the sum of fifty-eight dollars and forty-five cents,
being the amount of a draft drawn in his favor
by Major M. L. Martin, late paymaster in the
U nited States Army, on the Assistant Treas-
urer of the United States in New York, dated
March twenty-four, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, and which was lost in its transmission to
New York: Piovided, That said Milton McKin-
non file a duplicate of said draft, duly authen-
ticated, with said Secretary of the Treasury;
also, that the ppyment herein authorized shall
not be made until the said McKinnon shall ex-
ecute to the United States a bond, with security,
to be approved by the Secretary of the Treasury,
conditioned to indemnify the United States
against all loss, cost, or damage incurred by
reason of the payment hereby authorized.
Approved, July 26, 1866.
