1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
861
minute after the committee shall resume its
consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move to close all
debate on the pending paragraph of the bill in
one minute.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled an act author-
izing an^increase of the clerical force in the
Post Office Department; when the Speaker
signed the same.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. STEVENS. One or two gentlemen de-
sire to make speeches to-night, and I will there-
fore move that the House take a recess from
half past four o' clock until half past seven, and
that the evening session be solely for debate
on the President's message; no action to be
taken.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
- So the rules were suspended ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Pomkroy in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being
TIIH DEFICIENCY BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. Did the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sciienck] accept, the amendment
proposed by his colleague, [Mr. Spalding?]
Mr. SCHENCK. I didnotunderstandclearly
what it was. I think it was met by the propo-
sition made by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Washbuune.]
Mr. SPALDING. My amendment is sup-
plied by the amendment to the amendment now
pending, and I will not press it.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment ottered by Mr. Washbchne, of
Illinois, and it was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Sciienck's
amendment as amended.
Mr. SCHENCK. I modify my amendment
so as to make the appropriation ten dollars
instead of SlOO, as 1 understand the change
can be made wiihout expense.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I offer the following
amendment, to come in at the point in the bill
that we have now reached:
For the removal of the crest from the head of the
goddess of Liberty on the dome of the Capitol, SoOO,
or as much thereof as may bo necessary.
Mr. SPALDING. I would ask the gentle-
man from Illinois if he refers to the statue in
the Hall or to the one on the dome?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I mean the one on the
top of the dome.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I will state to the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ixgersoli ,] in re-
gard to the removal of that crest, that that
question was considered, and an estimate made
as to the cost of removing it, when the stagings
were up; and it estimated that ST.oOU was
the least for which it could be accomplished.
And I undertake to say that it would now cost
at least S'io.OOO to remove that crest from the
head of the fi:ru re and put on another.
Mr. STEVENS. This is all out of order, I
think. It is new legislation.
The CHA [PiMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. [Mr. Stevens,] and rules the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ix-
GERSoi.i ] to be out of order.
The Clerk continued the reading of the bill
to the close of the following paragraph:
For titEsii'T mi i)ti- ill the basement, muter the
coin I-win of lb" enic Court, tor a consultation
room foi tli./ eouj !\ £5,0u0.
Mr. BOUTWELL. t move to amend by
inserting after the clause just read the follow-
ing:
For alterations and repairs of the court-houso in
the city ot Boston, §5,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I raise the
point of order that this amendment contem-
plates new legislation, and is therefore out of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The following clause was then read:
For annual repairs of the President's House and
furniture, improvement of grounds, purchase of plants
for garden, and contingent expenses incident thereto,
$6,000.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend by
inserting after the clause just, read the follow-
ing, being one of a series of amendments which
I will send to the Clerk's desk:
For sower in Four-and-a-half street, in front of
reservation between Missouri avenue and the canal,
£1,000.
Mr. STEVENS. I think that had better be
left out of this bill; it is out of order.
'Mr. INGERSOLL. Why is it out of order?
Mr. STEVENS. I think the sewer is very
much out of order. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, unless there is a law authorizing
the work for which the appropriation is asked.
Mr. INGERSOLL. There is a law for it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then find it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I propose to lind it. I
do not know of a better time to otfer these
amendments than to this deficiency bill.
Mr. GRINNELL. I rise to a question of
order, that this is clearly out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be in order if there is a law for
the appropriation.
Mr. INGERSOLL. There has been ex-
pended the sura of about seventy thousand
dollars for paving and improving the public
streets, avenues, and reservations of this eitv;
those which lie contiguous to the public reser-
vations and public grounds.
The appropriation asked for in this amend-
ment is authorized by law, and has been au-
thorized by law. The money has been advanced
by the city for the reason that the fund which
had been provided by Congress had been ex-
hausted. 'This money has been expended by
the authorities of the city of Washington in
payment of these improvements. And there
are other appropriations asked for in the list
of amendments which I have sent to the Clerk's
desk.
They have all been thoroughly considered
by the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia ; the accounts presented by the city to pay
which this appropriation is asked have been
examined ; every voucher and every item of the
expenditure have been examined, and the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia have in-
structed me to ask that this money be appro-
priated to reimburse the city of Washington for
the money it has expended under acts of Con-
gress authorizing these improvements.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand this to be a
claim of the city of Washington. There is no
act of Congress authorizing the city to do this
work.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I did not say there ever
was. The money has been furnished the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings by the city, and
this appropriation is to reimburse him.
Mr. KASSON. As the rule has been stated,
I wisli to speak upon that point a moment, to
show that on previous occasions the decision
of the Chair has been that any amendment is
in order upon an appropriation bill in Com-
mittee of the Whole which is designed to carry
on or complete works authorized by some pre-
vious law, of which I regard the one under
consideration to be one, and in that point of
view I suppose this amendment is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hold it to
be in order if there is a previous law for if.
Mr. INGERSOLL. There is such a law.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I ask for
the law. And [ suggest to my colleague [Mr.
In"gersoll] that this is not the proper place
for his amendment, but that as he is chairman
of the Committee for the District of Columbia
he can bring in his little matters in a bill from
that committee.
.Mr. INGERSOLL. I think this is the proper
place for it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think
these things should not be let in here.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I know my colleague,
[Mr. Washburne, ] wants to let in all that
should be let in. I am as strict in those mat-
ters as he can Be, yet I am in favor of this
Government paying every cent it ought to pay,
and not one cent more. I want this Congress
to make appropriations to discharge all the
claims against the Government, just as an indi-
vidual would do, and nothing more.
Now, in 1820, Congress passed a law pro-
viding for the sale of certain lots that were
donated to the United States Government by
the original proprietors of the city of Washing-
ton. More than ten thousand lots were given
to the Government by this city. By art act
passed May 15, 18'20, Congress provided that
the money arising from the sale of these lots
should be expended Ibrthe improvement of the
streets and avenues around the public grounds.
In 18G4 an act was passed declaring that the
Government of the United States should pay
its equitable proportion of all these improve-
montsof the avenuesandstreetsrunningaround
the public grounds.
The fund arising from the sale of those ten
thousand lots donated to the Genernal Govern-
ment lias been exhausted, and in view of its
exhaustion Congress, in 1801, passed an act,
the third section of which provides—
" That in all cases in which the streets, avenues, or
alleys of the said city pass through or by any of the
piopertv of the United States, the Commissioner of
I'ublic liuildings shall pay to the duly authorized
officer of the corpoiation the just proportion of the
expense incurred in improving such avenue, street,
or alley which the said property bears to the whole
cost thereof, to be ascertained in the same manner as
the same is apportioned anions the individual pro-
prietors of the property improved thereby."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Chair-
man, as I understand, hasruled that this amend-
ment is out of order.
The CIIAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
rule applicable to this question.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"No appropriation shall be reported in such general
appropiiation bills, or be in order as an amendment
thoieto. for any expenditure not previously author-
ized by law, unless m continuation of appropriations
for such public works and objects as are already in
progress, and for the contingencies for carrying on
the several departments of the Government."
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will also read
the law cited by the gentleman from Illinois.
The Clerk read the third scetion of the act
of 18G4, as quoted in the remarks of Mr. Ix-
GEIiSOLL.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is in order, as an appropria-
tion under the law of 18(14 to improve the
streets in front of the public grounds.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
inquire what obligation rests upon Congress,
under that act of 1864, to make this appro-
priation?
Mr. INGERSOLL. If time be allowed me,
I will read the various acts of Congress relating
to this question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
my colleague will not undertake to introduce
his budget into this bill. I trust that he will
withdraw his amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. No,sir: I will not with-
draw it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I hope
the House will vote it down, [jet the gentle-
man report these propositions from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia when that
committee shall be called-.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If this committee do
not desire to act honorably and fairly they will
reject this amendment: but if they desire that
the Government shall pay its just debts under
existing laws, then they will adopt it.
