THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from Illinois has expired.
Mr. ROLLINS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word. I yield
the floor to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Ingersoll.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to read the sec-
tion of the act of 1820, to which I have referred.
Mr. SPALDING-. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes, sir.
Mr. SPALDING. I appeal to the gentleman
to report these appropriations-in a bill from the
Committee for the District of Columbia, and
then we will vote for them.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is it not just as easy to
consider them now?
Mr. SPALDING. It is not. It only confuses
this bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If I thought that it con-
fused this bill, I do not know but that 1 would
bring in a separate bill; but I do not see why
the House cannot consider this subject as well
now as at any future time.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I desire to show that
this amendment simply proposes to make pro-
vision for the payment of what is justly charge-
able to the Government.
The fifteenth section of the act of May 15,
1820, provides:
*' That the Commissioner of Public Buildings or othor
person appointed to superintend the United States
disbursements in the city of Washington shall reim-
burse to the said corporation a just proportion of any
expense which may hereafter be incurred in laying
open,paving, or otherwiseimproving any ofthestreets
or avenues in front of, or adjoining to, or which may
pass through or between, any of the public squares
or reservations, which proportion shall be deter-
mined by a comparison of the length of the front or
fronts of the said squares or reservations of the Uni-
ted States oil any sueh street or avenue with the
whole extent of the two sides thereof; and he shall
cause the curbstones to beset and footways to be paved
on thesideorsidecof any such street or avenue, when-
ever the sa id corporation shall by law direct such im-
provements to be made by the proprietors of the lots
on_tlie opposite side of any such street or avenue, or
adjacent to any such square orreservation ; andshall
cause the footways to be paved and the eurbstones to
be set in frontof any lot or lots belonging to theUni-
ted States when the like impiovem'euts shall be or-
dered by the corporation in front of the lots adjoin-
ing or squares adjacent thereto; and he shall defray
the expenses directed by this section outof anymon-
eys arising from the sale of lots in the city of Wash-
ington belonging to the United States, and from no
other fund."
Mr. STEVENS. I thought it was only
$1,000. All the items, of which the amend-
ment now offered is one, amount to sonic
sixty-nine thousand dollars.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is true.
• Mr. STEVENS. Then I hope this will be
allowed to come in separately, so that we may
be enabled to consider it properly. Let it not
be brought in this way, but let it come regularly
from the gentleman's committee.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That which was offered
and under consideration was the first item and
was for SI.000.
Mr. STEVEN'S. That is what I mean. .Does
not the gentleman mean to follow it up with the
others?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENS. I want the members to
understand, then, we are to appropriate $70,000
under this one amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Let me say that I would
be glad to have it offered and discussed as one
amendment. I would be glad if the gentleman
would allow me to do so, so that the question
may now be discussed. I believe that the rights
of the people of the city of Washington are a?
sacred as the rights ofthe people of the city of
Baltimore. We appropriated $109,000 a lit cle
while ago to reimburse the contractor of the
Baltimore post office building. Sixty-nine thou-
sand dollars have been expended on these im-
provements on F street, Four-and-a-half street,
and Missouri avenue. These permanent im-
provements of this city have been made and the
money has been expended, and it is necessary
that we snonld reimburse it. Here is the report
of the C omniissiouer, and the report ofthe Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, which sus-
tain the amendment I have offered. The report
of the Commissioner specifies every item of the
account, the amount of work done and the value
of it, and the location in which it has been
done.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BALDWIN. I must oppose the amend-
ment. There can be no doubt, sir, that the
sum here proposed under the act of 1804 has
actually been incurred by the city by virtue of
that act, but the trouble is as to the act itself.
I do not know what were the influences which
secured the passage of that act, but it is very
certain that it is an act under which deficiencies
of this kind will constantly occur, and perhaps
to a very great amount, unless it be modified
or repealed. It gives a very large charter to
Washington city to tax the Government when-
ever it pleases aud to any amount. If under
the authority of that act this has occurred 1
wish to bring the attention of the committee
and of gentlemen to the fact that larger amounts
than this may come next year or the year after-
ward, and so long as that act exists. I think,
therefore, we should take into consideration
whether the act itself should not be modified
or repealed.
Mr. ROLLINS. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I renew the amendment,
and mainly for this purpose: it has been de-
cided, very correctly I think, that the amend-
ment is in order. A law of Congress puts us
in charge of these streets and avenues and public
places, and I am in favor of the general policy
which shall look to embellishing in some degree
this city when that shall become practicable
and consistent with economy ; at least of tak-
ing care of it and making it habitable for those
who live and who shall come here, and not a
disgrace to the United States of which it is the
capital.
As to the character of the amendments which
have been offered, what is the character of
legislation generally in reference to these ap-
propriations? Your Committee on Appropria-
tions bring in a bill providing for various items
of public expenditure. Whence do they get
their information? The head of a Department
who has remitted his duty necessarily to the
head of a bureau, and the head of a bureau to
some clerk, who makes an estimate for a par-
ticular thing, and because they arc unable to
enter into a thorough investigation of every
item, the Committee on Appropriations adopt
these estimates, coming from the Executive
Departments, and got up by some clerk on the
information before him. That may be well
enough; it is the settled practice, and it is not
easy to escape from it. But, should ive accord
more pertinence, more weight, more character
to an estimate of appropriation in regard to any
public expenditure coming from one of the
Executive Departments in that way than we
do when the .same thing, pcrfec'.ly within our
power, is proposed by the appropriate com-
mittee, which has made a thorough investiga-
tion ofthe whole subject? 1 would not go lor
any expenses of this kind if they were brought
forward on any side, on the suggestion of any
individual, without clearly understanding there
was some merit in them.
But without it, if we are disposed to follow
our committees at all, it seems to me we ought
at least to give as much weight to a serious rec-
ommendation after investigation made by one of
the, committees of this House to amend an ap-
propi iation bill, as to give weight and authority
to a mere estimate sent to Congress by one of
the Execuiive Departments. And I say, as a
general principle of legislation, if I understand
it, that is a right mode of proceeding. And I
am disposed, therefore, to follow this committee
when it has acted in that way, and to record
my vote to sustain the conclusions to which it
has arrived.
The chairman of the committee, however,
says that this is improper, because, although
the thing may be perfectly right, Ihe Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia may bring in
its own bill. Now, everybody knows that the
committees of this House, with the exception of
the Committee on Appropriations, have no op-
portunity of bringing in appropriation bills and
getting them acted upon. There is a privilege
granted to the Committee on Appropriations to
make reports at all times, and have them con-
sidered, and the only way in which other com-
mittees can get their matters considered and
acted upon is to propose them by way of amend-
ment to one of the appropriation bills.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck,] is slightly
mistaken in regard to that matter, because the
House gives a certain number of days, when
asked for by the Committee for the District of
Columbia, to consider their business, and we
go into Committee of the Whole and consider
their business seriatim.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am aware of that. So
the House gives certain days to private bills
and other purposes, but those special days are
almost always set aside.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Never.
I have never known the time when the District
of Columbia did not have a full share of the
time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS. I renew it. I wish to say, from
some little experience on the Committee for the
District, of Columbia, that my friend from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washbcrxe] is in error in respect
to the time which has generally been awarded
to that committee. I served on it two years,
and I know it was with the greatest difficulty we
.were able to get a day assigned to begin with,
and then when it came it was very difficult to
get three bills through this House ; and most of
the bills which were passed were presented by
the courtesy of the House upon leave.
And while on the floor, allow me to say that
I believe it is due to the Government itself, to
its character for honorable and fair dealing,
that we should recognize the claims which exist
against us by the city of Washington, and which
have been incurred under congressional legis-
lation. I know no reason why, if we are able
to do justice, we should not be willing to do it.
We certainly have authorized expenditures for
the improvement of this capital. I believe that
no question arises that the District of Columbia
is not in the Union. That we have settled, at
least, and therefore I think wo may legislate as
if this was, and is to continue to be, the capital
of a great Republic, and' we should make it
worthy of the national character. I withdraw
the amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I renew it. We have
been in session now for two months and over,
and I am,satisfied, if the committee see proper
to disregard the recommendation of the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia with regard
to this matter, they would disregard it if we
should bring in a special bill at some future
time. And I am satisfied that we can never get
that bill reported from that committee and go
into Committee of the Whole in time to get an
appropriation through Congress. I do not know
how long we shall continue in session—whether
thirty, sixty, or ninety days—but if the cholera
should come at the end of thirty or forty days,
I should move to adjourn. I want this appro-
priation made because it is just and authorized
bylaw, and I hope the committee will consider
it now and pay the money that has actually been
expended under authority of law. I withdraw
the amendment to the amendment.
The question was taken on the amendment
of Mr. Ixgersoll, and it was agreed to—ayes
64, noes 30.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I propose now to offer
all these items for the District of Columbia as
one amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I shall
demand a separate vote on each proposition.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Very well; then let us
have them voted on separately.
I offer the following amendment:
For paving and graveling Fevcnfeenth -u <ef in
front of the President's grounds and down to canal,
S1,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. T am op-
posed to that amendment for the reason, in the
