1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
863
first place, that it has no business iu this bill;
ami in the second place, because we are asked
to appropriate Sj70,000 for matters about which
wo literally know nothing. There are no re-
port-! on this matter, and v-~o do not know how
much the Government is entitled to pay in any
case. We arc called upon to vote blindly this
vast sum of money to the city of "Washington.
If you look through this bill you will see the
appropriations it contains for this city. I ask
gentlemen to look at these appropriations be-
fore they vote away the money of their constit-
uents. Here is an appropriation of §85,000 for
lighting the cities of Washington and George-
town. We are no more called upon to light the
city of Georgetown than to light the city of
Galena. In voting away these sums of money
we are adding to the burdens of our constitu-
ents, and I for one protest against it.
Mr. KASSOX. 1 desire to correct one state-
ment the gentleman has made. There is no
appropriation in this bill for lighting the city
of Georgetown at all. By referring to that
clause he will find that it is for lighting the
bridge on High street, a part of which is in
Washington and a part in Georgetown, and
there will probably be an expense for the light-
in" of one lamp on the Georgetown side of the
- bridge.
Mr. WASHBURXE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Iowa is a member of the Commit-
tee on Ajipropriations, and he ought to know
that this is an appropriation for lighting Bridge
and High streets, Georgetown.
Mr. KASSOX. The bridge on High street,
I think.
Mr. WASIIBITRNE, of Illinois. Xo, sir;
Bridge and High streets, Georgetown, are to
be 1'ghted at the public expense.
Mr. IXGERSOLL. That is a matter that !
does not interest me. Ithas nothing to do with 1
my amendment, and I do not propose to have !
this appropriation which I ask in behalf of the I
District of Columbia prejudiced by any appro- [
priations reported in the bill by the Committee j
on Appropriations. j
I have this to say in reply to my colleague, :
that this appropriation of ^1,000 asked for has j
been authorized by law, and the Secretary of
the Interior reports in favor of it. The amend-
ment is offered by the direction of the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia, and the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings is in favor of
allowing this amount, because lie lias examined
the claim and found it just.
Mi. RADFORD. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Illinois whether the money has been
spent
Mr. IXGERSOLL. Every cent of it.
Mr. RADFORD. By whom?
Mr. IXGERSOLL. By the Commissioner
of Public Buildings?
Mr. RADFORD. By what authority ?
Mr. IXGERSOLL. By the authority of the
act of Congress of May 5, 1864.
Mr. RADFORD. Will the gentleman read
the law to which he refers?
Mr. IXGERSOLL. I have read it once, but
I will read it again if the gentleman desires it,
or I will hand it to him.
Mr. RADFORD. Just as the gentleman '
pleases. I only desire to vote understanding^. |
Mr. IXGERSOLL. 1 will read it, then. It;
is as follows: !
" That in all eases in which the streets avenues, or [
allevs o f the s.rM city 11 n - - thiough or by any of the
property of the United States, the. Commissioner of
Public Buildings shall pay to the dulv authorized of-
ficer of tho corporation adjust proportion ot the ex-
pense incurred in improving such avenue, street, or !
nil"v which sairl property bears to the whole cost 1
thereof, to be ascertained in the same manner as the
same is apportioned anion? the individual proprie-
tors of tho property improved thereby."
Ml. "WASHBURXE, of Illinois. I desire ;
to ask my colleague when this money was ex- ,
pendedbythe city? i
Mr. IXGEIISOLL. I did not say that it was ■
expended bv the citv at all. j
Mr. AVASUBGRXE. of Illinois. When was
it expended by anybody? ]
Mr. IVGER^OLL. I will tell you exactly.
Mr. "WASHBURXE, of Illinois, I under- i
take to say that the money was expended ten
years ago, and that it is a stale claim.
Mr. IXGERSOLL. It is not a stale claim;
I deny it. The money was not expended ten
years ago.
Mr. RADFORD. "Will the gentleman tell us
when it was expended?
Mr. IXGERSOLL. I will turn to the ac-
counts. Let me explain this matter to the
committee; but I cannot very well do it in five
minutes.
Mr. W ASHBURXE, of Illinois. That was
the very reason why I tried to persuade my col-
league to let it go over until the Committee for
the District of Columbia have awhole day, when
we will hear him for an hour with pleasure.
Mr. IXGERSOLL. If that is the only ob-
jection my colleague has, I am glad to know it.
I thought he was on the economy side of the
question, but it seems now it is a matter of time.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SPALDIX G. I desire to ask for infor-
mation, whether some of these expenditures
were not made before the law was passed ? ■
Mr. IXGERSOLL. Xot one cent of them.
Mr. SPALDIX G. Were not some of the
expenditures made before the law of 186-1 was
passed ?
The CHAIRMAN". Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. IXGERSOLL. I should like to have a
little time to explain the amendment.
Mr. ORTH. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word of it; and I
yield my time to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. IxiiERSOLL.]
Mr. IXGERSOLL. I thank my friend for
yielding to me. By the act of 18:20, which I
have read, tho Government of the United States
took upon itself to paj' its equitable proportion
of the expense of the improvements made by the
direction of tho city authorities on the streets
which pass by or are contiguous to the public
reservations and avenues.
Mr. SPALDIXG. Then the present item of
expenditure does not come under the law of
lStil?
Mr. IXGERSOLL. No, sir. Under the act
of 1820 a certain fund was appropriated by the
Government to pay for these improvements.
That fund was realized from the sale of lots
which were given to the Government of the Uni-
ted States by the original proprietors of this
city. In 1852 or 1853 that fund was exhausted.
A quarter of a million ol dollars had been real-
ized in that way and had been expended. At
least 8100,000 had been expended upon build-
ing the Presidential Mansion, and for other
purposes of public improvement in this city.
There were lots left for sale, but there was no
fund to pay for the improvements which were
continually being made, according to the law.
In 1801 or 1862 tho Commissioner of Public
Buildings sold some more of the lots, the last
of them, I believe. That fund was expended
as far as it went. A portion of these claims run
back as far as 1854.
Mr. SPALDIXG. Who owns the claims
now ?
Mr. TNGERSOLL. The Government.
Mr. SPALDIXG. Are any of them in tho
hands of private parties?
Mr. IXGERSOLL. Xot one cent.
Mr. SPALDIXG, "Who stated the account ?
Mr. IXGERSOLL. The city of Washington.
Mr. SPALDIXG. Why have not former
committees of this House reported in favor of
such an appropriation as this ?
Mr. INGEKSOLL. I do not know.
Mr. STEVEN'S. Was this work done in 1854
or 1855 ? If so, why should not this claim go
to tho Committee of Claims?
Mr. IXGERSOLL. Itoughtnot to go to that,
committee. I will read what the Secretary of
the Interior says upon this point:
" In tho year 1820 Congress provided that from the
proceeds of the sale of public lots reimbursement
sho.ild be made to the oitv ofWushington ofan equi-
table proportion of the expenses thereafter incurred
m laying open, paving, and otherwise, hnpiovmg the
streets and avenues adjacent to the public squares and
reservations. I am informed that, sineo tho passage
of this act, three thousand seven hundred and twenty-
five lots of this class have been sold, and tho proceeds
paid into tho Treasury of the United States, while no
reimbursement has been made to the city for the sum
of $37,410 61 paid for improvements properly charge-
able to this fund. An appropriation should be made
for refunding this amount and the interest which has
accrued thereon."
This relates to the amounts which I have pre-
sented here, and of which a portion is now under
consideration. I do not ask for any interest,
but only that the Government shall provide
another fund, as the fund before provided was
exhausted before this amount was liquidated.
The Secretary goes on to say:
"During the past summer and fall the improvement
of streets adjacent to public property has rendered
thoOovornmentUable to a.considerable amount, and
an additional sum will be needed to meet similar
expenses which will probably be incurred during tho
next fiscal year. It is hoped that Cungress will at an
early date make provision to moot these liabilities.
Several of the streets of Washington have been paved
in a neat and substantial maimer since the adjourn-
ment .of Congress, and the municipal authorities aro
making like improvements upon other streets, which
will add greatly both to their beauty and their utility
as public thoi oughfai es. It is submitted that Congress
should encourage this spirit by corresponding im-
provements upon the avenues. The Commissioner of
Public Buddings refers to tlie dilapidated condition
ot tho pavomenton Ponnsylvaniaavenuc, and recom-
mends that an appropriation be made by Congress for
the substitution of cither the Belgian or the Nichol-
son pavement thiougliout its length, and also for the
opening and grading of such of the remaining avenues
leading to the Capitol as remain closed. These ave-
nues arc under tho exclusive control of Congress, and
justicoseems imperatively to require that the national
Government should defray the expense of paving and
keeping them in repair. If the burden of paving tho
avenues, as well as the streets, is to be thrown upon
the owners of contiguous property, the mayor sug-
gests that the law be so amended as to reduce the
width of the carriage-ways, and that the intervening
spaeo betwoen them and the pavement bo flanked
with a line of curbstones, sodded, and planted with
ornamental shade trees.'*'
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to ask the gentleman
a single question. For what amount did those
lots sell? What amount was paid into the
Treasury of the United States from the pro-
ceeds of that sale?
Mr. IXGERSOLL. Over a quarter of a
million dollars.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is that all gone ?
Mr. IXGERSOLL. That is all gone.
Mr. STEVEXS. I understand this amend-
ment is put upon the ground of cleansing the
city so as to prevent the cholera from coming
here. Now, it may be very proper to pass this,
for it is an old rotten claim which has been fes-
tering since 1855; and if wo do not get rid of
it soon, the cholera will certainly attack us.
[Laughter.]
Mr. IXGERSOLL. I do not care upon what
grounds the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stcvess] puts it, I put it upon the ground of
justice; and so does the Committee for the
District of Columbia. If Congress does not see
fit to pass it I shall have discharged my duty.
Mr. DAVIS. If I now understand the ques*
tion property, it seems that the Government
owning these lots, by donation from the origi-
nal proprietors, undertook to improve them,
and to pay for that improvement out of funds
arising from the sale of a portion of the lots.
Mr. INGEESOLb. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. It was for that reason that I
addressed the inquiry to the chairman of the
committee, and now I desire to know whether
he can inform us what amount has been ex-
pended from the fund thus created by the sale
of the lots ; whether there is in the Treasury
to-day any money belonging properly to the
fund arising from the sale of those lands.
Mr. IXGERSOLL. In reply, 1 will state that
not a single dollar of the money arising from th e
sale of those lots remains in the Treasury. Rut
nothing like the whole of that amount was ever
paid for improving the streets.
Mr. DAVIS. What I desire to know is,
whether there is remaining to the credit of this
fund any part of the sum arising from the sale
of these lots. If the Government lias appro-
priated that money to other uses, then it cer-
tainly does not rest with us to say that we will
not recognize the equity created by the original
arrangement and by tho sale of the property.
If the Government received the money, it is
