THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
bound honorably and honestly to pay it accord-
ing to the terms of the contract.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to ask- the gen-
tleman from Illinois whether this claim was
ever presented before.
Mr. INGERSOLL. No, sir.
Mr. SCOPIELD. Why has it not been pre-
sented ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, I never inquired.
It is immaterial about that. The facts are as
I state them.
I now desire to add a word or two in reply
to the inquiry of-the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Davis.] As I have stated, a quarter of
a million dollars has been realized and has
gone into the Treasury of the United States by
reason of the sale of these lots which were do-
nated to the Government of the United States;
and more than $100,000 of that money was
appropriated to building the Executive Man-
sion. If the-city of Washington had had appro-
priated for its "benefit all the money that has
arisen——
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the commit-
tee rise to stop this talk.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania, I submit, has no right to speak
about '1 stopping this talk.''
Mr. STEVENS. Well, I withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then it is all right.
Mr. OjRTH. I withdraw my amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to amend the
amendment by adding thereto the following:
Pramdptl, That no payment shall be made on ac-
count of any appropriations herein provided, to reim-
burse the city of Washington for improvements here-
tofore constructed in front of or through the public
grounds, until the items have been properly exam-
ined and audited as to legality and amount by the
proper officer of the Treasury.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have no objection
whatever to that amendment; I am willing that
it shall apply to all these appropriations.
Mr. CONKLING. I want to be sure to ap-
ply it to everything that relates to the city of
washington. If there is any case in which we
ought not to make doubtful appropriations it is
the case of the city of Washington. For one,
from motives both of cconomy and self-respect,
1 think it not worth while to overdo appropria-
tions for Washington. We and our constitu-
ents get little in return, except the impositions
to which all comers are subjected in this pity.
For one 1 mean to vote against appropriations
for this city in every case in which I can justify
myself in doing so, and in addition to that, I
would like to be sure that the proper auditing
officer shall scrutinize every item before it is
paid.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I agree with the gentle-
man in his last proposition, that every item
should be scrutinized before it is paid. I ac-
cept his amendment as a modication of mine.
The question being on tlje amendment of
Mr. Ixgersoll as modified,
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 28. noes OS ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers ; and ap-
pointed Messrs. Ixcersoi.l and Stevens.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 35, noes 07.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move the following
amendment:
Paving carriage-way of Ninth street west, from B
street to Pennsylvania avenue, $2,532 16.
Mr. STEVENS. I make the point of order
that that is an old claim, and ought to be re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims. It is cer-
tainly not in order to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposed
when the first amendment was offered it was
under the act of 1864, which was read. It ap-
pears that these are appropriations made by the
common council of Washington citv some ten
years ago. and the Chair rules the amendment
to be out of order. It may be a claim against
this Government, but it is not in order to an
appropriation bill. ]
I move the following,
Mr. INGERSOLL. These are based upon
acts of Congress prior to the act of 1864 ; but
for the present I will confine myself to those
under the act of 18C4.
under that act:
For the improvement of Fourteenth street, across
Ohio avenue, across Pennsylvania avenue, and in
front of the reservation south side of avenue, in front
of Franklin square, and across Vermont and Massa-
chusetts avenues, one thousand one hundred and
forty-five feet, SO,918.
Mr. STEVENS. When was that work done?
Mr. INGERSOLL. It was done last sum-
mer, under the act of 1864.
Mr. STEVENS. We are making appro-
priations for the District of Columbia, when
they are recommended. I make the point of
order that the amendment is not in order to
this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, as this expenditure was made,
not under an act of Congress, but under an act
of the common council of Washington.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Let me refer to the acts
of Congress.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can do
so by unanimous consent.
Objection was made. -
Mr. INGERSOLL. All the other amend-
ments I proposed to offer rest upon the same
' Mr". CONKLING. I move to add tho fol-
lowing to the amendment which has been
adopted:
Provided, 1STo payment shall be made on account of
any appropriations heroin contained to reimburse
the city of Washington for improvements heretofore
constructed in front of or through the public grounds
until the items have been propeily examined and
audited as to legality and amount by the proper offi-
cers of the Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows :
For annual repairs of the President's House and fur-
niture, improvement of grounds, purchase of plants
for garden, and contingent expenses incident thereto,
$6,000.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move to strike that
out. We have already appropriated §46,000
for the repair of the White House, and I think
we can dispense with this amount.
Mr. STEVENS. This is for the usual repairs.
It is for the improvement of the grounds, pur-
chase of plants, <fcc.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I understand that.
Mr. STEVENS. It is different from furnish-
ing the house.
Mr. SCHENCK. Wc have already passed
an appropriation, as follows:
To enable the Commissioner of Public Buildings to
properly refurnish and repair the President's House,
in conformity with his estimate, $46,000, the old fur-
niture tobedisposed of under thedireetion of the Sec-
retary of the Interior.
Now, we propose another for annual repairs.
Annual, monthly, or daily repairs, if necessary,
ought to be made and paid for, but wc ought
to see that the same work is not paid for a
second time under another name.
Mr. KASSON. The object will be accom-
plished by striking oat the words "annual re-
pairs of the," leaving the balance of the sec-
tion. as something will be required to keep the
grounds in repair.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I accept that, leaving
it 82,000. '
Mr. KASSON. Make it $3,000.
The amendment was then stated, as follows:
For improvement of grounds, purchase of plants for
garden, and contingent expenses incident thereto,
83,000.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Two thousand dollars,
I said.
The amendment making the sum $2,000 was
agreed to. |
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to !
call attention to the amount of appropriation I
for gas for Washington and Georgetown :
For lighting the Capitol and President's House, the
public grounds around them, and a round the executive
offices, and Pennsylvania avenue, Bridge and High
streets in (Jeorsetown, Four-and-a-half street, Sev
enth and Twelfth streets across the Mail, and Jlaiy- 1
land avenue west, and Sixth street south, $85,000. '
Now, [ desire to propound this question to i
the committee, whether it is right to vote this
vast sum to light these two cities? I am will-
ing enough to vote a reasonable sum to light
the Capitol, the President's House, Pennsylva-
nia avenue, and Four-and-a-half street. There-
fore I move to strike out " Bridge and High
streets in Georgetown, Seventh and Twelfth
streets across the Mall, and .Maryland avenue
west, and Sixth street south, $85,000," and
make the appropriation $50,000.
Mr. KASSON. Before that is put I ought
to say that the committee have deemed it better
to keep the streets that are traversed by mem-
bers of Congress lighted at night—according to
the custom" of many years past, for there is not
a particle of change in that respect in this bill
—than to have robberies, thel'ts, and murders
committed in the dark in those streets. It is
simply a question of safety. The city is not re-
quired to do it, and it is the customary expend-
iture that has been adopted by Congress from
year to year, according to existing rules. Of
course, the House may strike it out if it sees
fit. There is no possible feeling on the part
of the committee.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
like to know what public buildings or property
are to be protected on High and Bridge streets, ,
Georgetown.
Mr. KASSON. I have only to say that this
portion of the expenditure is one that has been
regarded as belonging to the United States
Government, as distinct from the city's portion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ The Uni-
ted States Government has nothing in George-
town.
Mr. KASSON. Officers of the Government
have resided and now reside in both cities, and
it is a system adopted by previous Congresses,
having been regarded as proper expenditure to
be borne by the Government.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope there
will be a stop to it. These gas companies came
in and got an enormous increase of their rates,
and we are paying them now about twice as
much as we have heretofore paid.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before the vote is taken
I propose to amend the original clause by in-
serting the words " G street, west of Eighteenth
street." It is a very respectable street, for I
live in it, but it is as dark as Erebus. It is a
well-built street, and light is very much needed
in it, especially if one should be out late at
night, going home in the small hours of the
morning.
Mr. O'NEILL. Include also Thirteenth street
west, between E and F.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection, for I
knowthat just as my locality needs to be lighted
for the benefit of gentlemen who are called out
at night on public business, it is still more es-
sential to my friend from Pennsylvania that his
district should be lighted.
Mr. RADFORD. Where does the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania reside? If it is his
district I hope it will be added.
Mr. SCHENCK. We pay enormously for
gas in this city, those who occupy houses, and
the Government pays its proportion, and yet the
city is not well lighted. Although the gas is
good as far as it goes, yet tho city is poorly
lighted in many parts of it.
And while I am upon this subject I want to
state a fact which I dare say is generally known
to members of Congress who are confined upon
committees and otherwise kept out late at
night. There is a practice existing in this city,
as in some other towns, of reiving upon the
moon, whether it shines or nol, on certain
nights in the month. But there is another
unusual practice I have found here, of putting
out all the lights, retaining only those on one or
two of the principal avenues, at one o'clock in
the morning. Now, T happen to have seen
this thing done once or twice. I have seen the
lamp-lighter about one o'clock, or a little before,
with his ladder going from post to post extin-
guishing lights in a number of streets, no mat-
ter how intensely daik it might be, just as if
it were a notification to burglars who suspend
their work till a certain hour in the morning,
