866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
tellers; and appointed Mr. Gbissell, and Mr. <
Wjlshbobnb of Illinois.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—-ayes 52, noes 40.
So the amendment was agreed to.
, Mr. SPALDING. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Pomerot reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the bill (H.
B. No. 8'oj making additional appropriations
and to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the fiscal year endingthe 30th of June, 1806,
and for other purposes, and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
The hour of half past four o'clock p. m. hav-
ing arrived, the House, agreeably to order, took
a recess until half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m., Mr. Eotxixs occupying the chair
as Speaker pro tempore.
The House, agreeably to order, resumed, as
in Committee of the Whole, the consideration
of the President's annual message.
KECON8TECCTIOX.
Mr. NEWELL. Mr. Speaker, I propose to
submit someremarks upon the annual message
of the President of the United States.
I may ,premise that my acquaintance with the
President extends back nearly twenty years,
when associated with him as a member of this
body. We sat upon opposite sides of this
Chamber, and seldom voted together; but I
honored him and-all his associates honored
him as the advocate of progress, the friend of
humanity, the able and uncompromising cham-
pion of the right of man to the fruits of his
labor, and to the possession of so much of the
unoccupied public domain as that labor could
cultivate. 1 knew and honored him as the
defender of all those rights which underlie the
Declaration of Independence as living princi-
ples, pregnant with a meaning and an interpre-
tation which he has lived to see accorded to
them by many who in that day professed to
regard them only as "glittering generalities."
I have known him since that time as faithful
among the faithless in the desperate ordeal
through which we have passed, giving unmis-
takable testimony of fealty to the cause of
liberty and the Union. Persecuted, defamed,
plundered, driven from his home and family,
hunted like a beast of prey, he upheld the cause
of his country and bade defiance to the armed
legions of treason and death. For all these
the Union party elevated him to the place lie
oeeupies. For all these ho has my confidence
to-day, and I do not believe, as many would
have us believe, that he will prove unfaithful
to the great trust confided to his keeping. He
may differ from Congress as to the particular
method of reconstructing the Union: but I
appeal to the debates and actions of (he Senate
and this House, as we'll as to the people and
press of the country, and ask if there is una-
nimity anywhere on this most impoi tantmatter.
On the great questions of the preservation of
the Government and the freedom and elevation
of mankind he is eminently sound and consist-
ent. There is no material difference on vital
points between him and ourselves: none that
may not bo speedily adjusted by conference and
conciliation. To denounce him as a traitor
who, hand to hand, has throttled treason to the
death; to brand him as a usurper whose whole
energies have been devoted to the welfare and
improvement of his race is to utter a malignant
libel upon mankind. Sir, having so well ful- i
filled the varied duties of his life, let us not i
reproach and distrust him without cause, bat
rather sustain him in all just and reasonable
measures, and_ leave the result to Hint who j
guides the desiinies of nations.
There are many subjects, Mr. Speaker, in i
the excellent message before us to which I
would like to advert, but time will not permit,
and I shall therefore confine my remarks to the
question which so properly engrosses so large a
share of our attention as well as that of the whole
country—-the reconstruction oftheUnion.
The nature and character of the Government
are such as to constitute it an anomaly in the
family of nations. It represents the solidarity
of the States combined with an individuality
®f each as respects all matters and powers
not delegated to the General Government,
which leaves it perfectly free and untrammeled
in its appropriate sphere. It represents, in
fact, in a community of nations that freedom
of action which in a community of people is
compatible with the greatest good of the body
politic. As the latter is the highest type of
individual existence in the social state, so the
former is the most perfect representative of a
community of nations having one paramount ob-
ject and principle, namely, the greatest amount
of individual national liberty compatible with
the collective national security. It was evi-
dently foreseen by the fathers of the Constitu-
tion that it behooved them to restrain on the
one hand a too great latitude of individual State
authority and action, and on the other a too
great concentration of national poper. Thus
the Constitution gave to the States collectively
the right to make war or declare peace; to
impose taxes on imports ; to create and main-
tain a standing Army and Navy ; to dispose of
the public lands; to regulate commerce be-
tween the States; to naturalize foreigners; to
accredit to and receive embassadors from for-
eign Powers; and to do certain other acts
specified in .the Constitution. To the States
were left certain rights, powers, and duties,
principally pertaining to local government, and
having reference to matters which it was ac-
knowlegcd they were belter capable of super-
vising and regulating. The Constitution seeks
to make the States sovereign in their sphere of
duties and the national Government supreme
in its sphere. In carrying out these ideas the
framers found a difficult and delicate task.
From the organization of the Government to
the present day it has been a subject, of debate
and discussion at all periods, giving rise, more
or less, to bitter partisan strife and sectional
animosity, which finally culminated in the late
gigantic rebellion against the authority of the
national Government and the Union of the States
composing it. And in this connection I might
add that history has been repeating itself in the
case of that of our own country. The party
strifes and revolutions, the contest for power in
all nations, have been produced by the collisions
of those who would strengthen the central
power on the one hand, and those who would
-weaken it on the other. The history of Home,
ftom the earliest period to the time when power
was almost entirely concentrated in the person
of the emperors, is nothing but the record of
such a contest, which had its beginning in the
birth of the nation, its culmination in the pe-
riod of its highest prosperity, audits end in its
era of decay and dissolution. The aim of the
fathers was to preserve such a happy mean be-
tween the concentration and diffusion of power
that this contest should be reduced to its min-
imum of virulence, and iliat thus those violent
collisions, political and revolutionary, which
had maiked the history of the world from the
earliest period, should be so mitigated as not to
endanger national safety and individual free-
dom. The coml lined wisdom of these patriotic
men produced our present Constitution. It is
a nolle monument to their ability; but, unfor-
tunately. like all. human instruments, it was
imperfectly constructed, not because the theory
was wrong, but because of the existence in the
country of an institution so contrary to the
genius of free government, and to the very
principles upon which the Constitution itself
was founded, that it was impossible to incor-
porate it into the organic lav> so that the latter
could be preserved free from its contaminating
influence. It was as if the surgeon were to
innoculate the living healthy body with the virus
of a loathsome disease. The result would cer-
tainly be that a contest for dominion between
health and disease would be produced, in which
life or death would eventually triumph.
The framers of the Constitution did what
they considered best under the circumstances.
They made freedom the rule and slavery the
exception in the organization of the Govern-
ment. They declared in favor of the former
in language the most emphatic and sublime in
history, while they placed the latter, as they
fondly hoped, in a position favorable for ulti-
mate extinction. Indeed, they so worded the
organic act itself that slavery was decided to be
so abhorrent to the sentiment of justice, liberty,
and common humanity as to render it utterly
unworthy to be named therein. I have before
said that the fathers intended to organize a
Government in which freedom should be the
rule and slavery the exception. The whole
drift of their action was toward such a consum-
mation; and for years the tendency of the so-
cial life and industry of the people was to the
same end. State after State abolished slavery,
until finally the free predominated over the slave
States in numbers and population. Slavery was
driven toward a particular section of the coun-
try, where the cultivation of the cotton plant
rendered it so profitable and at the same time
constituted it such a monopoly in the hands of
a few powerful, wealthy, talented, and ambi-
tious men as to make it an element of political
power and engine of ambitious designs so as to
render its existence incompatible with individ-
ual liberty and national safety. Indeed, in such
gigantic proportions did this institution loom
up on the political horizon that thedeelaration,
"this country cannot exist half slave and half
free,'' burst from the lips of two of our leading
statesmen as if forced from them in the agony
pioduced by a contemplation of our political
future. But it was not so much these men* as
the good men and true of the country speaking
through them who uttered at that time words
which were prophetic of the consummation
which was so near.at hand that for the first
time prophecy blended itself with history. Yes,
for the first time in the history of the world the
prophet became the chief actor in the events
which he foretold, even to the extent of sealing
with his life the book which, under the direc-
tion of an overruling Providence, ho was se-
lected to open.
Thus, instead, as thefathersintended, of free-
dom being the rule and slavery the exception,
on account of the encroachments of this insti-
tution, and the ambitious designs of those who
used it as an engine of political power, there
was danger that slavery would become the rule
and freedom the exception. It aspired to make
every department of the Government subserv-
ient to itself and its interests. It poisoned
also the social life of the people, undermined
their belief in self-government, weakened their
faith in the principle on which the Government
was founded, the principle ofuniversal suffrage;
in fine, it had so succeeded in debauching the
conscience of a large mass of the people as to
render them fit tools in the hands of men ivlio
were determined that slavery should rule the
country or that they would dissolve the Union.
And so this Constitution of our fathers, be-
cause of the existence of an element foreign
to its genius and principles, flatly subversive of
the ideas on which it was founded, and which
gave the lie direct to its declaration of rights,
was in such danger of utter destruction that
the patriotic people of the nation found them-
selves compelled to abandon it altogether as
the a:gis of their liberty and safety or take up
arms in its defense. This latter alternative
was taken, and the result was that the cuuest
so long waged between individual State liberty
and national security was finally and forever
decided by the ultima ratio of nations and of
war.
For years the contest between the doctrines
represented by Thomas Jefferson on the one
hand, and Alexander Hamilton on the other,
convulsed the country. The State-rights men
demanded one concession after another in favor
