1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
869
seat, when delivering his very able speech upon
the constitutional amendment, then before the
House, which-, unexplained, places our State in
a false position, which I believehc did not intend.
He stated that New Jersey "had sent no colored
troops to the war." It is true that New Jersey
sent no organized colored troops to the field, and
for a reason well known to my friend and to
the people of our State, but she did send many
gallant negro soldiers—not a few of them from
my own town—who were obliged to secure ad-
mission in organizations in Pennsylvania and
Rhode Island. They fought well, and deserve
the commendation of their State and country.
Some of them found an honorable death, and
to-day their bones bleach on the plains of Lou-
isiana or lie buried in the bloody trenches of
Petersburg and Richmond.
Mr. Speaker, New Jersey has never faltered,
in any regard, in her obligations to the Gov-
ernment nor in her devotion to the Union. Her
sons, imbibing their patriotism upon the gory
fields of the Revolution, sent forth men and
money freely as her waters course to the ocean.
The seventy-nine thousand five hundred and
eleven soldiers and sailors—besides many fur-
nished to adjoining States—with the millions
of her treasure expended in the war. furnish
the most fitting reply to those who malign her
patriotism or impugn her loyalty. Her sous
fell on every field, the foremost in the fight,
and were ever counted the bravest of the brave.
She gave such men as Kearney, Bayard, the
Taylors, Allen, Tucker, liyerson, Zabriskoi,
Janeway, Hatch. Vredenburgh. Haines, and
Arrowsmith. with thousands of other braves,
counting them a filling sacrifice to place upon
the altar of liberty, and she cherishes their
memories as a priceless heritage.
Mr. Speaker, the late gigantic rebellion hav-
ing been subdued and the armies thereof utterly
routed and dispersed, it is but natural that our
people should turn with beamingeyesandgrate-
ful hearts to the heroic Cnion soldiers and sail-
orswiiohave so nobly periled their all in defense
of their eounlry. Never shall their great deeds
be forgotten. Forever shall the memory of our ;
gallant dead be embalmed in the hearts of the
living. On the banks of many a southern river; .
under the spreading foliageof many a southern ;
forest tree : on the hillsides and in the valleys I
of the South are the tens of thousands of those I
grassy mounds which mark the last resting- ]
places of the noble Union dead. In many a '
northern home the widow and the orphan, the !
brother and the sister, the bereaved farher and ]
the disconsolate mother, await the footfall on
the step without, that so often in the paut had i
been the sweetest music lo their ears, but await 1
it in vain. Never more on this earth shall the '
form of that brave boy who proudly stepped from
his father's door to take his place in the Union ,
column as it filed past, be clasped again to that !
father's heart. Nevermore shall a mother's kiss
be pressed upon his brow as he sleeps in his little
cotjinthchumblechamberoftheoidhoniestead:
"He has fought liis last light, he has won his last
battle.
No sound shall awake him to glory again.
But in the grateful heart of a redeemed nation
should his memory and the memory ot his glo-
rious death be enshrined as long as our mount-
ains lift their heads to the heavens and our
rivers bear the waters of the continent to the
sea. Let it be our chiefest care to see that the
survivors of this momentous and appalling strife
he the objects of a nation s holicitude and a na-
tion's care. Failing in not only our duty but
our gratitude to these men, we iail in one of the jj
noblest attributes of a nation—that sovereign
attribute of justice to (hose who have helped to ||
save it from destruction. And this justice in- e
eludes the right of these men to equal bounties ,j
and equal pay as well as the right when incapaei- ,i
taled by sickness or wounds from earning their ^
daily bread to a comfortable Maintenance from ■'
the (Government. Thus, fulfillingallourdutios, j
protecting all who need protection, iostenng j
the weak, and giving the .-troug every possioie j
opportunity to build up the waste places of tne j
land, let us so conduct our affairs as not only i
to attract to our nation the admiring eyes of the
world at large, but to draw down upon it the
approving smile of Almighty God.
And now, Mr. Speaker, unmindful of all eon-
sequences to ourselves, individually, but im-
pressed with our responsibility to all mankind,
casting oar vision beyond the present and into
the far distant future, let us endeavor to rees-
tablish this Government upon the enduring-prin-
ciple of "equal and exact justice to all men,"
and to lay its foundations deep and broad upon
the eternal rock of liberty and a perpetual
Union. So shall our beloved country, healed
of her wounds, and disinthralled from the en-
chantment which has bound her for a hundred
years, spring into a new existence, to exceed
in grandeur and greatness the wildest visions of
the patriot fathers, and her banner, planted high
upon the everlasting hills of truth and justice,
and illuminated by the sun of freedom, shall be-
come a beacon to the oppressed children of men
who shall come hitlierward and find a refuge
and a heritage for themselves and their chil-
dren, and their children's children, till time
shall be no more,
Mr. STROFSE. Mr. Speaker, in discuss-
ing the important question of the reconstruc-
tion of the States lately in rebellion, a subject,
which not only agitates Congrats hut the whole
people of our country, 1 am aware that I find
little countenance or sympathy from the major-
ity of this House. But this v ill not deter me.
as the Representative of one of the largest and
most conservative districts in Pennsjivania.
from giving my views upon a subject fraught
with consequences involving the stability or
downfall of our democratic system of govern-
ment. The writings and spe ehesof public men
received but little attention during the progiess
of the war. The public mind was excited: the
public pulse was fevered : a vigorous prosecu-
tion of the war was demanded, and the almost
unanimous prayer for victory to the Union arms
and a restoration of peace v,us heard through-
out the middle and western States. Victoiy at
last perched on o ir banners. The rebels laid
doivn their arms, acknowledged theii defeat and
complete failure of their attempted severance
of our grand Confederation of Stat os.
I'or four long years we continued a struggle
so fierce, so desperate, and -o bloody, that tl:e
civiii/.ed world was appalled, and the states-
men ofBiuope stood aghast at a spectacle un-
paralleled in the histoiy of civilization and war-
fare. Brother was arrayed against brother!
There stood the father pitted in deadly com-
bat against the son ! One million brave men
eonMgnc (1 to untiruelv graves! The fields of
thy South whitened with the bones of the slain
S:ulno<s and mourning broeght to thousands of
liie.-ide<! '1 he public finances deranged; an
enormous national debt created, with its bur-
den of taxation entailed upon generations un-
born. In addition to ail this, the people have
patiently borne grievances innumerable. Ihe
patriotic citizens, who sineereh loved their
country and who opposed every effort at dis-
memberment of the Union, bore up submis-
sively under all the impositions of power and
violations of law—organic, statute, and local—
for the sole and only purpose of preserving the
Republic as it was established and founded by
the heroes, and sages of 177'i.
In the month of April. 1S05. through the
brav eiy and heroism of our Army and Na\v. the
terrible (onte-t. was brought to a close. Ihe
rebels sui rendered and disbanded their armies.
" 01 im-vi.^ageti war hat smoothed bis vrriakl rcl fi out.''
"The war is over," was upon every tongue.
The people assembled in town meetings, aud_
gave vent to their feelings by the ringing of
bells: bonfires were made, and other demon-
strations of joy at the return of sweet, smiling,
blessed peace. The religious community of
all denominations assembled in their houses of
worship and prayed and thanked most devoutly
to Almighty God for the restoration of peace to
our unhappy country, and that—
" Evorv man shall i-.ii in safety
I Under Ins own vino vvhut lie Hants, and sins'
i The merry songs of peace to all his neighbors.
President Lincoln, only a day or two befbr#
his most diabolical assassination, announced
to the rejoicing-multitude in this city and to th6
country that peace had dawned upon us, and
the glorious banner of the Union would again
wave over our whole country.
The rejoicing at the cessation of hostilities
and the return of peace was not confined to the
North, but oven in the States lately in revolt,
many'' good men and true,': even of those who
from compulsion and local pride had taken up
arms against the Federal Government and th 
entirety of the Union, were glad that the un-
natural and bloody strife was at an end. What
were the expectations of the people at that time?
What did our constituents demand of us, and
what do they demand now of as, their Repre-
sentatives, who have solemnly sworn to pre-
serve and protect the Constitution? Do they
want us or ask us to treat the eleven southern
States as conquered Territories, and the ten mil-
lion white people living therein as a conquered
nation, a foreign country held by the iron grasp
of conquest, and the people as subjects or vas-
sals? No such demand is made by the people,
the honest yeomanry of the great middle, west-
ern, and border States. Whatever the ideas of
fanatics may be in other localities, whose motto
has ever been, "Rule or ruin," certain it is that
the great mass of American citizens, native and
adopted, desire no arbitrary or tyrannical meas-
ures or acts on the part of their servants against,
the fallen and poverty-stricken people of the'
South. "We can afford to be magnanimous.
We have been victorious, and should not, and
cannot, constitutionally or legally, act the part
of oppressors against a brave but now submis-
sive people. Mr. Speaker, let me not be mis-
understood. 1 am not, and never have been,
the defender of secession, or of any movement
or act having a tendency to affect the Union of
the States.
On the contrary, I have from the beginning
opposed secession and disunion in every form.
As a Representative of the people in (he Con-
gress of the United States I denounced seces-
sion as a. crime most wieked and monstrous.
While I deny the right of any Stare to secede
from the Federal Union under any circum-
stances, I decidedly combat the idea that the
southern States or any of them ever were out
of the Union, or had" lost (heir places in the
Confederation of States. The Union was formed
by the States, hence the title, the United
Slates. Each one of the old colonial thirteen
Suites ratified the Constitution^ of their own
Union in their capacity of sovereign States, and
by this act of ratification became'the constitu-
ent parts of the Union. It requires no argument
to show that the acts or ordinances of seces-
sion of Virginia. South Carolina, or any of the
southern States, were utterly void and invalid,
and that neitherthe State nortliepeople thereof
were affected thereby- Notwithstanding the
fact that the powers of the General and State
Governments were suspended for a time on
account of the usurpation by those in revolt in
those States, yet dejure the States neverceased
to be a part of the Union, and the people sub-
ject to the Constitution and the laws of the
'United Slates. President Johnson, in his ex-
cellent and patriotic message to this Congress
very truly says:
" States, with proper limitation' of power, aro es-
sential to the existence of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. At the very commencement, when ivo
a^mncd a place anion? the Powers ot tho earth, t.ie
]>eciai'atioi) ot Independence waf adopted by States;
«o also were the Articles 01 Uonicdcrution: and when
'the people of the United States' ordained and es-
tablished the Constitution, it was the assent of the
States, one by one, which gave it utr.lity. hi tho
event, too.of any amendment to the Constitution, the
proposition of Congress needs the confirmation of
Status. Without Slates, one great branch of the le-
gislative irovernment would be wantm?. And if we
look beyond the letter of the Constitution to thoeb-tr-
actor oi our country, its cunacit'v for comprehends®
within it? jurisdiction a \ast continental empire is due
to the system of States, '-^e hestsocuritj fortbepe*—
petualexistcnceof the Slater is the ' supreme author-
ity* oi the Constitution of the United_Sfates. I,he
perp'-tuit> of the Con^itutiou brings wjtb it the per-
pend n oi the £titte?; then mutual relation makes us
what we are. and ir. om political system their cou-
neet'on isindis^oluhle. Thewholeeannotexistwnh.-
out the parts. nor the parts without the whole, &o
