1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8H
The party went ashoro, but were unable to reach
the plantation which they desired to -examine and
ascertain whether it would answer the purpose of
their business. They returned to the steamer, pre-
viously agreeing to make another trial next morning.
The party hailed a number of negroes in a small boat
goinr," to the next plantation, and were told not to
land at nb'nt, or they would certainly be shot.
On Sunday morning (hey again landed and pro-
ceeded toward the settlement, inquiring the way of
the negroes. They were shown how to reach the main
land, hut on approaching the houses observed con-
siderable excitement among the people. They con-
tinued on their way, however, and on crossing from
the marsh lo the mam land, on entering an old field,
a body of negro men, armed with various kinds of
weapon1:, approached them. When within twenty
yards the leader oi the negroes cried "Hall!'5 The
party stood still, the lcadei came up and demanded '\
their business. j!
The nature of the visit was explained to them, and j1
the desne expressed that the party be allowed to pro- ■1
ceed unmolCfted. During the conversation, a gang [i
of negroes surrounded them and became very threat- jj
ening and abusive, and the party thinking they were [•'
not likely to succeed m their object, determined to |j
ret um. This, howevci, the negroes promptly refused
to allow, and threats of instant murder were made on
all nde^. Only two or three were willing to permit
tliem to return to their boat.
Alter a violent altercation of words and several at-
tempts at violence to the visitors, the negroes decided
to escort their now prisoners to the quarters of the
commissary, a sergeant ot the thirty-fifth United
State*- colored troops, about twelve miles distant.
The party cainc^ly entreated the negroes to permit
them to return to their boat, but their entreaties were
unavailing, although the party agreed to steer di-
rectly to the commissaiy'spost. They also suggested
to the negroes to accompany them on the boat, but
this was also refused.
They were then compelled to walk through the
heavy -and the cntirelength of the island. Thccrowd
of nc?ioes continued to increase, all armed with mus-
ket0, riilcs, shot-guns, levnlvers bayonets on sticks,
scythes hatchets, axes, clubs, See., while the women
had ho N5. pitchforks, and club5'. Permission wa=; piven
to send word to the captain of the ^lary Prances to
steam round to the place to which they were forced
to walk.
On their route thev were accompanied by a yell-
ing, cin/imr, I hi "atoning crowd of negroes fiecdmcn,
women, and children. As they advanced, they were
contmua Uy met by other negroes running to the scene,
ell aiv.a-d and biea thing out the most severe and num-
mary pnni -hrncnt lor daring to land upon then-island,
where 110 white man had any right or should even
dare to come.
Afi 03 proceeding about a mile and a half they were
halted, the crowd -till increa^inc and becoming more
violent. Here they were met by two freedmcn, named
Sam i'lood and George Roberts, who quieted the crowd
to some extent. Roberts being able to read, the party
showed him t heir authority h-om General Sickles, Gen-
eral Devon0. General Howard, at "Washington, and
General 11. 1C. SeoH, at Cnarleston. The crowd re-
fused to reco rnizo the papers, and said if the persons
who wrote them were there they would serve them
the Mime way.
Threats weic al-o made against the captain of the
steamboat, and regret" thatt hey hnd not attacked the
vessel the previous nkht and murdered the captain,
crew, and all the party, andhuined the vcsel. Flood
and Roberts endeavored to per--uade the ciowd^Jo
allow them to return, satisfied the party was right;
but the crowd were determined to march themtu the
conmii^aiy's.
One of the party being crippled^ efforts were made
to protine a horse 01 rnuie. but tin ~ was al-o^ r el used
by (he negro^. lindr.ig entreaty of 510 ciioct. ;'>nd
that the crowd oi^y continued to increase in number
and hcrecne,----. they proceeded on their way.
Fur ioui hours,fiomtui a. m. to two p. m., they were
marched ovei the island. In fiont were about live to
six horsemen, following them somo eisht to ten foot-
men. the pi i-oners bnmrinL' up the rear, with an armed
guard on citiier side, followed by a mob of about one
handled andlhty, violently abusingand threatening.
• At each nlaotation new accessions were made to the
crowd, the women and children lining the road and
iommg in as the party passed. At one place a man
stood with a pole, red less than twelve feet loner, which ,
he iat->ed intending to stukc, but was prevented by '
the rrnard. At another place, a man named Arm- s
sti on g came ndina up, cooked his gun, and would ha\ u j
killed one of th" partv had not his hoi.-e been seized i
by the bndle by one and his gun taken from him by ,
another. ,
About two o'clock they reached Townsend s place, ,
where a fret dnian named Sam Johnson resides, who ;
had been appointed by sonic ofiicerof the Ireedmeii s |
Bureau a>*a eenoial siipeivisor over the negroes 011 1
the island. Xm- man b^ing come distance lrom the .
hon^tbo pariy wore halted and compelled to wait j
for him. although within about two miles ol the com- 1
unwary'-'. ;
Ilere they weic exhibited 011 the steps of the man-
sion,with a heavy {.>uard of men in frontof them, and
a crowd of women behind; the former ready at any
moment to lire upon them, and the latter abusing the
pn-onciv nntonlyw ithhoinblc language, but hvpok-
ing them with sticks. Arc. There was one United States
colored soldier at the place, whom they desired to
carry information <>f then-condition to the sergeant,
and oflered to pay him for so doing, but he would not
consent, handing the written note after hehad taiKcc.
with vouic oi thceaptois, who evidently dissuaded nun
from eujnplj in? with the request. Several time^wnile
waiting here, Flood, who still befriended the prison-
ers, was taken to one side by the gang, and eiiorts
w*re made to let them take the party into the woods,
doubtless to murder them, but he stood firm in his
refusal.
Alter sitting in the <nn for two hours, not even al-
lowed to enter the house, and ail the time exposed to
imminent danger and insult, one man having cocked
hi- gun to '••hoot on cox the pai ty, Sam .Johnson arrived.
He acted with great promptness, and at once started
with tUcia lotheconinii--ary"s, taking only a few men
with him. When within about a mile oi the commis-
sary's they met 1 he sergeant coming to the rc.-cue.
The sergeant informed the men who had arrested
the prisonexs that they were acting entirely without
authority, and that any person, white or black, was
privileged to come upon the island whenever they
chose and be unmolested. lie relieved them at once
lrom arrest.
The scene during the day beggars description^ and
resembled a scene in a heathen country, cannibals
dancing around and gloating ovcrtaeirintendcd vic-
tims before giving them the fatal blow, which was
likely to descend at any moment. Reasoning with
them wa« thrown away. They said they knew no law
but their own, that the island was theirs and no white
man should ever eomc upon it. They care for no gen-
eral or no authority.
Mr. STUOUSE. I know the f^cts here given
to be true; good evidence of fitness for civil and
political equality. The negro is not only free,
but it seems he claims the richest lands in the
South in lee, in consideration, I suppose, of his
freedom. Surely with the freedmen's alms-
house and the Sea Islands the colored brother
and sister ought to be able to get along without
any white intruders from the North, to say noth-
ing of a few white persons in the South who la-
bored under the delusion that they owned these
lands.
What vras this war waged for 011 our part?
YvV5 it a condition, when Pennsylvania sent
three hundred and fifty thousand men in the
field, that the slaves should be set free or that
shivery should be abolished? Vfas that the
object, or was it for that that a million white
men gave up their lives and the country plunged
in debt hi thousands of millions* No such con-
dition was made then ; on the contrary, we were
told, and it was proclaimed and enactcd by Con-
gress. that this war was not waged in any spirit
of oppression or for any purpoae of conquest
or subjugation or purpose of overthrowing or
interfciing with the rights or established in-
stitutions of these States, but to defend and
maintain the supremacy of the Constitution, and
to preverve the Union, with all the dignity,
equality, and rights of the several States un-
impaired.
The war has ceased ; wo have accomplished
all that could lie expected or was demanded,
and as much more as it was thought the most
rabid abolitionist could desire. Slavery was
abolished, not a4 a right, but as an incident of
the war. The institution of slavery was de-
stroyed. and many good men of all parties re-
joiced thereat, because it was believed that the
vexatious question between North and South
was solved forever.
Not so. Hie end is not yet. Rampant rad-
icalism and bigoted Puritanism arc not vet satis-^
lied. Fanaticism will not permit the Union of
the patriarchs to exist; the strife must be con-
tinued; the President mubt be ignored; the
Magna Charta of oui liberties destroyed before
Jacobinism can rest.
To prove to the country, to my constituents,
and to the people of Pennsylvania that I deal
■ not in generalities, I will cite from our own
files a resolution oflered by my esteemed friend
from Vv'iscon^in. [Mr. Elpripge.] at the he-
I ginning ol the session oi this Congress, cm*
i bodying tho whole case. I mny say. 011 the
state of the Union. The resolution is as follows 1
i "/{"voi'v 'I That there is no wai rant or authority in
the Comtituiiou ol the United Slate? for anv btate or
States to secede, and that all resolves or ordinances
to that end orh<r that purpose are absolutely null
1 and void: and that the war ha\ing defeated the at-
tempt to thu-> divide and break up the Union, H is 01
1 vital impoitanecfTo the Republic and to all the states
! thereof that thc'State* recently in revolt, and each
i' and every one of them, should<resume their appro-
I' priate and constitutional positions ana functions m
the Uniou without delay; and to this end, laying
p-dde all "arty feeling and all per-onal or otaer am-
mo>ity. waiving all minor differences, and seeking
!1 earnestly to maintain and pre-<c5 vc the Union oi our
tathcis we will cordially su-tain and support the
Pre.-ldent ia t'vcjy and ail constitutional droits ami
polky oi restoration, bcliovuig that therebj the i>o-
1 litical, couunercinl, imaneiai, and general pros-penty
! of the whole country will be most Hiostantiaily and
; permanemly subserved,"
This resolution, so conservative, so just, so
statesmanlike, so truly American, was treated
with contempt by this House. Instead of pass-
ing it unanimously, as became true Representa-
tives and men who lay claim to some statesman-
ship, it found its way into the great whirlpool
or maelstrom of the reconstruction, or better,
destruction, committee orlifteen. No balm will
come from that Oilead. The remedy is with
the people. No relief can be expectcd from
this Congress. The President—may God spare
him for many years—must be sustained in his
wise and truly patriotic course. His policy is
the policy of the country; his plan of recon-
struction and restoration of the States io iheir
proper positions and places in the Union is the
only one that the free and honest citizens of the
country will adopt. If we wish ajr/m to have
a perfect Union, if we desire again to he a^reat,
happy, and united people, we must hurl from
power the men who betray their trusts, and who
do not rellect the sen! imenis of those who elected
them. The Union will be restored if the people
will do their duty. The great Democracy of the
\ nation must come to the rescue. Stand by the
j President, and all will yet be well. But if this
[ fanatical malaria shall again sweep over the
| North and West, if the President in his sub-
lime work of patiiotism shall be thwarted, if
i the people in their strength and majesty will
j not come to the rescue of the country in ita
' hour of peril, and will give heed to the ravings
! of demagogues and disregard the teachings of
history and the warning of statesmen, then may
indsed the patriot in sorrow and anguish hope-
i lessly exclaim, '-Hod save the Republic!"
| Mr. DEFREES. Mr. Speaker, I did not
| intend taking any part in this discussion, and
only do so now to comply with what seems to
be a general feeling of the members of this
House, to have as full an expression of senti-
1 tnenl upon the various perplexing questions
. that are before it as possibly can be had. And,
sir, I do not expect to throw any very great
light upon these subjects, but to define some-
, what my position in regard to some of the most
prominent of them.
And probably the most difficult problem to
solve of any other, is the policy to be pursued
j' in what is generally termed reconstruction of
! the States lately in rebellion. To me our duty
| seems to be plain. I do not think it matters
j much for piactical purposes whether^ these
' States are m or out of the Union. We may
: speculate and theorize and talk about abstract
' questions the whole session and be no nearer
! the true condition of those States than when
the session commenced, ^'hy not accept of
[ the facts as they are ? These States attempted
1 secession. Iladtliey succeeded they would now
!' be out of the Union—there can be no question
j! of that fact—and we would have no trouble in
|j defining their true position. But they failed in
' accomplishing their designs, consequently they
I arc in the Union, and you cannot get them
! out now that the rebellion has failed, only in
i the same manner in which you admit States
I originally into the Union, and that with their
consent. Now, that is my opinion, and let it go
II for what it is worth.
!j Now. Sir. Speaker, as to the facts of the case.
I; After four years of an unsuccessful attempt at
! revolution we iind the organized power of the
1 insurgent Slates destroyed, their so-called con-
i fedeiacy collapsed,, and its executive head safely
], confined in an American fort, to await that jus-
!j ticc that is due to treason. The great armies
!! organized under the authority of the rebel gov-
|! crnment are disbanded, and the people left
!, without any government, eithc-r civil or miti-
j j lary, for their'protection. Under tljfse cireum-
i' stances it was evidently right that the President
I. of these United State*, as Commander-in-Chief
of the forces of the Union, which were the con-
f quering power that produced the result, should
I' orgaime some kind of government that would.
;! restore tranquillity to the disturbed state ot
!; affairs then existing, and give protection as
much as possible to all the inhabitants. This
■ j is a power that I suppose no one will deny
!: properly belongs to the military character of
