1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S77
legislation requires that upon all grave ques-
tions each House shall act separately and inde-
pendently, and that principle is not departed
from except when there is a disagreement be-
tween the two bodies, and then a committee of
conference attempts to reconcile that disagree-
ment.
And, sir, if this is a sound principle of legis-
lation, I ask, ought it to be departed from when
we propose to amend the Constitution of the
United States? Ought not a proposition to
amend the Constitution to be considered by
each branch without reference to the judgment
of the other ? Here, sir, is a large committee,
nine of the House, six of the SJpnate, fifteen,
holding a joint conference upon a subject be-
fore it comes to either body, and at the same
time a report is made from that committee to
both bodies, thereby defeating the very purpose
of the Constitution in having separate branches
of the Legislature. This committee had its
birth in a party caucus and has constituted
itself a new French Directory, set up in Wash-
ington to control the action of Government, to
grasp in its hands the functions of Congress,
and to dictate to the Executive.
It is composed of nine members from the
House of Representatives, and of six members
from the Senate. It meets in secret session,
wholly free from the observation of the public,
and at such place and time as may suit its own
pleasure. Over the door of its meeting place
might be appropriately written, "No admit-
tance for the American people ; this place is
sacred to a political inquisition, whose will is
law to the President and to Congress, and
whose fiat binds the fortunes and determines
the fate of eleven States and eight million peo-
ple." The committee select witnesses accord-
ing to their own good will. Their writs of
subpena run throughout the country, and they
can draw upon the Treasury for their expendi-
tures. They cogitate constitutional amend-
ments for the operation of the previous ques-
tion in the House of Represenatives. and for
the lash of party discipline in the Senate. The
representation of eleven States stands sus-
pended during their pleasure, and while they
may devise how the President of the United
States shall be broken to their will, or be de-
graded before the people. In the exercise of
this fearful and odious power, one fourth of the
people of the nation are arraigned before the
secret bar of the tribunal of fifteen, and their
fate may be determined upon the evidence of
spies, informers, contractors, political agents,
and hostile officials.
That. Mr. President, is the committee which
proposes these amendments to the Constitution
of the United States; a committee organized ^
for party purpose^: a committee that had its
birth, as I said, in a party caucus ; o committee
that was carried through the House of Repre-
sentatives the first day of the session, and, in
my judgment, could not have been carried at
any'later day of the session; a committee that
carried through this body after some amend-
ments of the House resolution. That commit-
tee proposes amendments to the organic law
of the country, and we are expected, and 1 sup-
pose it will be done, to pass them in this body.
Then, after speaking of the committee that
brings the proposition before ihe body, 1 wish
to inquire a little into tho history of this con-
stitutional amendment that is proposed. The
first proposition that was talked of during ihe
session, and t lie very first proposition that came
befurethis body, was the proposition ot the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] offered
on the first uuv of the session. 1 hat proposi-
tion was. as lie has since very ably discussed
the question, that taxation and representation
shall rest upon the same basis. His proposition
was that taxation and representation should
rest upon tin? voting population of the L nited
Stales, limited to those persons who are voters
and over twenty-one years ot age. ^ I heard no
olvvtion to that pioposition until it was made
- in the !lou^e of Uepresentatives 1 presume1
may retvr. uuci^r tlio ruio<. to what i>)U\ l)G Stiiu.
in the House as a matter ot history without re-
ferring to it for any purpose of influencing the
judgment of the Senate. The objection made
in the House to the proposition of the Senator
from Massachusetts (for the same proposition
was made there) was that it was unequal; and
the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessexuex,]
who reported this resolution from the commit-
tee, expressed the same objection to the voting
basis that was made in the House; that it was
unequal; that the male population of Xew Eng-
land w:is notsogreatin proportion to the female
population as in the western States, and espe-
cially as in California, and therefore New Eng-
land, under that proposition, would not receive
so large a representation as the western States.
There was force in the objection; for if you
examine the census of 1800, it will be found
that the female population ox the six" States of
New England exceeds the male population by
some fifty thousand, while in the six great agri-
cultural States of Ohio, Indiana, Kentucky, Illi-
nois, Missouri, and Iowa, the male population
exceeds the female population by two hundred
and ninety-seven thousand seven hundred and
fifty-eight. Adopting the voting population,
then, as the basis of representation and taxation,
the six great agricultural States of the West that
I have mentioned would haie the advantage of
New England by two or three Representatives.
New England would not endure that. From
the time the speech was made developing that
fact in the House of Representatives, no man
has raised his voice for the voting basis.
Mr. President, upon what should represen-
tation and taxation rest? The Constitution as
it now stands provides :
" Representatives and direct taxes shall be appor-
tioned amons the several States, which may be in-
cluded within this Union, according to their respective
numbers, which shall be determined by adding to tho
whole number of free persons, including tho;,e bound
to service for a term of yeais, and excluding Indians
not taxed, three fifths of all other pertons."
Thisis the provision of the Constitution which
it is proposed to amend. This provision rests
upon the doctrine of the Revolution, upon the
established principle and policy of the Govern-
ment that representation and taxation shall
have the same basis of support. The propri-
ety and justice of the principle was not ques-
tioned in the Convention that made the Consti-
tution, nor in the conventions of the States that
ratified that instrument, and it is to-day the
cherished doctrine of the American people that
taxation ought not to go beyond representa-
tion. The opinion has been attributed to the
President that taxation ought to rest upon prop-
erty. In my judgment, it should be so, but at
the same time I may say it will never be.
Property is the proper subject of taxation, and
taxes ought to be levied upon persons in pro-
portion to their estates. That is the principle
that prevails in the States, and in my judgment
property should be the basis of Federal taxa-
tion ; but it is not, and while New- England, in
proportion to her population, and New "lork
and Pennsylvania are so much more wealthy
than the other States ot the L nion, that basis
never can be secured.
Then, sir, if taxation cannot be made to rest
upon property, where I think it should rest,
ought taxation to go beyond representation? I
will not attempt to discuss the question so fully
exhausted by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Soixek.] One difficulty in forming the
Constitution of the fruited States grew^ out of
the ielation of the slaves to the people. In
some respects they were regarded as persons,
and in other respects as property, and a com-
promise was the result of the consideration of
the question—a compromise to the ciTect that
three fifths of the slave population should be
counted. But, sir, under the Constitution, as
the slaves became free, tliey tell into the popu-
lation that were counted man for man; and
now as slavery has been abolished, the entire
' i colored population is to be counted for the pur-
i pose of taxation and representation under the
!| present Constitution; But it is jiroposed to
 i change the Constitution so that they shad not
tj be counted in States where they are not allowed
|) to be voters.
This proposition when first brought before
the body provided that representation and direct
taxation should stand together and rest upon,
the same basis. After a further consideration
of the subject, it was decided to strike out the
words "and direct taxation," and that was the
second report from the committee. The effect
of that is, that taxation upon the southern States
shall be increased, so far as it rests upon the
colored population, two fifths, and representa-
tion, so far as it rests upon that population, shall
be reduced three fifths. "Now, there is in the
northern States a non-voting white population.
You count them for purposes of taxation. You
count them for purposes of representation.
You do not for either purpose inquire whether
they exercise the privileges of a citizen by
voting. You simply count them, and you make
no difference. But in the South you propose
to tax the people of the States upon the colored
population, and you deny them representation
upon that population.
Mr. President, upon what principle does this
proposition rest? Every great amendment to
the Constitution of course ought to rest upon
some principle. Neither its provision for tax-
ation or for representation rests upon property,
as I have said. It does not rest upon voters,
because it allows persons to be counted who
are not voters. White persons who are not
voters are counted. It does not rest upon the
entire population of the country, because it ex-
eludes nearly four millions who are not voters.
In the North, Iunderstand there are from fifteen
to twenty Representatives upon a non-voting
population, and this proposed amendment will
not change it in that regard. I will read a very
short extract from two speeches on this subject
made by very distinguished supporters of this
proposition:
"Again, many of the large States now hold their
representation in part by reason ot their aliens."
Another gentleman, the chairman of this
committee in the House, said:
".Now. sir. there is another fatal objection to tho
proposition of"my friend from Ohio."
That proposition was that representation and
taxation should rest upon the voting popula-
tion.
"If I have been rightly informed as to the number,
there are from fifteen to twenty Representatives in
the northern States founded upon those who are not
citizens of the United States. In ?*ew Yoik 1 think
there are three or four Representatives founded upon
the foreign population, three certainly. And so it is
in Wisconsin, Iowa, and other northern Sta'es. there
are fifteen or twenty northern Representatives that
would bo lost by that amendment."
Then, sir, there are to-day in the House of
Representatives from fifteen to twenty Repre-
sentatives based upon a population who are de-
nied the right of voting by the laws of the coun-
try. If it be right to~de~ny to southern States
a representation in the House of Representa-
tives because they do not allow a certain class
to vote at the polls, as honest men wanting to
deal justly aud fairly, how can you deny a rep-
resentation upon a non-voting population in
the southern States? V, e are considering" too
grave a question to perpetrate inequality and
injustice. If the North has upon a non-voting
population the benefit of from fifteen to twenty
Representatives, how is it that she can say that
no other section of the country shall enjoy the
same right, if it is the pleasure of the States to
deny the right of voting?
Then, sir, as the proposition does not rest
upon population, as it does not rest upon prop-
erty. as it does not rest upon voters, upon what
principle does it rest? Upon what principle
do Senators propose to adopt this amendment
to the Constitution? I can understand it if
you say that the States shall be represented in
the House of Representatives upon theii popu-
lation : I can understand it if you say that they
shall be represented upon their voters; but
when you say that one State shall have the ben-
efit of its non-voting population and another
State shall not, I cannot understand the prin-
ciple of equity and justice which governs you
'in that measure. Sir. if it does not stand upon
i a principle, upon what does it rest? It rests
