THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBJS.
February 16.
upon a political policy. A committee that bad
its birth in a party caucus brings it before this
body, and does not conceal the fact that it is.
for party purposes. This measure, if you ever
allow the southern States to be represented in
the House of Representatives, will bring them
back shorn of fifteen or twenty Representatives;
it will bring them back so shorn in their repre-
sentation that the Republican party can con-
trol this country forever; and if you can cut off
from fifteen to thirty votes for President of the
United States in the States that will not vote
for a Republican candidate, it may be that you
can elect a Republican candidate in 1868. Now,
sir, upon this subject I ask the attention of
■Senators. These are no words of mine. I will
put upon the stand the most influential Repub-
lican to-day in the Congress of the United States.
He says :
" According to my judgment they ought never to
barecognized as capable of acting in tho Union, or of
"being counted as valid States, until the Constitution
shall have been so amended as to make it what its
framcrs intended; and so as to secure perpetual as-
cendency to the party of the Union."
That is the phrase of these times by which
men undertake to describe their own party,
"Ae party of the Union." A party that to-day
says this Uuion shall not be restored, a party
that to-day says that eleven States shall stay
out of Congress, arrogates to itself the name
of "the Union party." Describing his party
by that term, he says that the Constitution must
be so amended as to secure the perpetual as-
cendency of the Union party:
"If they should grant tho right of suffrage to per-
sons of coloi,! thinlt theru would always be Union
white men enough in the South, aided by the blacks,
to divide the representation, and thus continue the
Bepublican ascendency."
That is a little more distinct. Dropping the
phrase, ''the Union party," the head of this
committee, the chieftain in the House, comes
squarely out in the House of Representatives
and says that the Constitution must be so
amended as to secure the perpetual ascendency
of the Republican party. Mr. President, have
we come to that in the Senate oT the United
States, that we abandon principle, that we seek
no longer to base representation upon popula-
tion, that we do not seek to base representation
upon voters, but that we mingle the basis of
representation so as to secure a party life? I
hope that I shall never come to the considera-
tion of a question of so grave importance with
a partisan feeling.
There is another purpose, in my judgment,
Or if it be not a purpose it will be an effect of
this measure, to cut off' representation from the
agricultural portion of the country, and to that
extent to increase the representation of the ;
manufacturing districts, and thus permanently
fasten upon the country the New England pol-
icy and the New England power. My col-
league has agreed to this, my colleague, who
represents a jwrtion of the agricultural sec- ■
tion of the country, has agreed in a very able
speech to the proposition that from the agri- ;
cultural States shall be stricken a large pro-
portion of their representation. Why, sir, is
the right of voting given for the benefit of the
party who casts the vote alone, or is it given !
for the benefit of the voter and the country? i
Is representation based upon population for i
the benefit of a single individual, or for the pro- !
tection of the interests in which all the people
have their fortunes? The States and country
that rest npon the Ohio and Mississippi rivers
and their tributaries have a common interest.
They cannot cease to be agricultural States.
The plow must turn wealth up lo the men of tiie
"West. We need a representation in the House,
and 1 say to my colleague that I cannot agree
with his judgment that we have a right to con- |
sent that a portion of the representation which j
secures agriculture shall be cut olf from the!
House of Representatives. |
^ Mr. President, i would not say a word against
New England. J honor and respect NpwEng- j
land for her glorious revolutionary history, for
her virtues of frugality, industry, and enter-
prise; but I cannot consent that she shall have
an increased advantage in the representation
of the country. I will aak my colleague if he
does not to-day know that advantage has been
taken of the West during this war. I will not
say by design ; I will not say for the purpose of
taking advantage ; but I ask him if in fact the
interests of the West and the Northwest have
not been subordinated to the interests of an-
other section of the country 1
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Does my colleague
■want an answer now?
Mr. HENDRICKS. After I am through.
When was it known that such a tariff prevailed
as governs the country at this time ? When
was it known that there was such an adjust-
ment of the tariff, such an exclusion of foreign
competition as that the manufacturer could
charge the western consumerforhis cotton prod-
ucts the same price that he asked when cotton
stood at three hundred per cent, more than it
does now? And yet, sir, such is the condition
of the country. Whatever the western man to-
day buys he pays, from thirty to one hundred
per cent, more for than if the trade of the world
lay open to him; and this.has been accom-
plished during the period when agriculture was
but partially represented in the House of Rep-
resentatives. My colleague is afraid of south-
ern votes in Congress. I am not upon that
question. Men will vote in accordance with
their interests, when not controlled by a con-
stitutional duty or by a sense of right. During
the five years that have passed tho southern
agricultural States have not been represented
in the House of Representatives, and a most
unjust and unequal adjustment of the revenue
system has been adopted, much to the preju-
dice of the State that my colleague and 1 rep-
resent in this body.
Now, sir, shall we so permanently arrange
the representation of the country that agricul-
ture cannot hold up its head? Shall we so
permanently adjust representation as that the
spindle and the loom shall always be more
productive and honorable than the plow and the
harrow? Sir, I do not consent to it; and with-
out any reference to sectional feelings or sen-
timents, I ask for tho West simply equality in
the legislation of Congress. Demanding that
much we ought to be heard; but we have not
been heard during the past five years, as the tax-
payers of the West veiy welt know. While
New England lias been making her returns
to those who have invested their capital in
manufactures of from twenty to one hundred
per cent., the western farmer, when he buys
the necessaries of life at the present charges
and settles his accounts with tho tax collector,
can scarcely provide the comforts of life for his
family and for the education of his children.
Is it not known to eve>-y .Senator that when
manufacturing establishments can make divi-
dends of from twenty to seventy per cent, there
is wrong done to some interest in the country,
and that is because agriculture has not been
fully represented in Congress during the past
five years?
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator allow me
a moment?
• Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. ANTHONY. I make it a rule never to
interrupt a Senator, and f would not now in-
terrupt the Senator if I did not know he was
the most good-natured member of the whole
body. [Laughter.]
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am much obliged to
the Senator.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not propose to go into
the argument at this time, but I wish to say that
there never has been a time since I have been
familiar with public affairs when the protection
on manufactured articles was so.small, when
the duty upon the foreign article compared with
the excise duty upon the domestic article was
so small as it is to-day. On many manufactures
the excise duty is larger than the importduties.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator's proposi-
tion upon its face may be so ; I have not exam-
ined during this session the details of the rev-
enue laws; but the importer pays his tax in
gold and tire manufacturer pays his in paper.
Taking the schedule, I have no doubt the prop-
osition of the Senator is true as to some articles,
but taking the whole of the manufacturing in-
terest of the country, I think it is not true.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will say further, and it
is the last time I shall presume on the indul-
gence of the Senator, that the manufacturer
pays the excise duty in paper, but he pays it at
the time when he manufactures the article. The
importer pays the duty in gold, but he puts his
goods into warehouse and pays the duty at the
time that is most convenient to him and most
embarrassing to the domestic producer.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think there is
any point in the remark of the Senator. I think
the manufacturer pays his tax when he puts his
goods upon the market. Is that not so ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Not always.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does he pay his tax
before he desires to sell his goods?
Mr. ANTHONY. He does in some cases,
not before he desires to sell them, but before he
can sell them.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very true. I say when
he proposes to put his goods upon the market
he p'ays his tax, and the importer when he pro-
poses to put his goods upon the market pays his
tax.
Mr. ANTHONY. The manufacturer pays
his tax before he puts his goods on the market.
He has to pay his tax as he manufactures the
goods, every month.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Of course he has to
pay his tax before he puts his goods in market,
because he cannot sell until he pays his tax,
nor can tho importer sell his goods until he
pays his duties. He cannot take them out of
the bonded warehouse until he pays his duties.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Permit me to state that
there are manufacturers in this country who
have paid their tax a year prior to the time
they sold their goods; that there are cases
where there have been five or six taxes paid to
the Government on domestic goods six or seven
months prior to the time the manufacturers
sold them. That is common, and known to
the manufacturing and business interests all
over the country.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 do not intend to dis-
cuss that particular feature of the revenue sys-
tem of the United State any further. I believe
the general statement to be true, that the rev-
enue system adopted within the last five years is
oppressive to the West, hard upon agriculture,
and favorable to manufactures. I do not intend
to go into an elaborate discussion of that ques-
tion. If the revenue laws are again brought
before the attention of the Senate, I propose
to investigate them and to show just how and to
what extent this is so. I have attributed it to
the fact that agriculture is not represented in
the House, and that this amendment proposes
permanently to exclude a large interest to a
considerable extent from representation in the
House.
Now, Mr. President, if it is right to change
the representation in the House of Representa-
tives, that is, to disturb the foundations of the
Government so as to readjust representation,
and, as Senators claim, to make it equal and just,
why is it not equally right to disturb the repre-
sentation in the Senate? I know very well the
reply will be that the Constitution itself forbids
an amendment of that instrument in respect
to representation in the Senate; but, sir, the
power that made that provision can unmake
it; the power to amend the Constitution can
reach that very provision and change the rep-
resentation in the Senate. I know it is said
tlu 'j representation in the Senate is one of tho
Federal features of the Governineut: but that
argument has lost its force when we are taught
in these latter times that State rights are not
to be respected, and that all power is now in
the Federal Government. Suppose wo under-
take to make representation in the Senate equal,
how would it stand ? The fix New England
States, with a population of 1 liavp
twelve Senators in this body, whi.e tho ia a'reat
agricultural States of the West—Indiana. Ohio,
Illinois, Iowa, Kentucky, and Missouri—have a
population of 8,414,525, with a representation
