882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
State government which we can recognize, and
lie argues it thus: that the government of North
Carolina up to 1801 was a State government
Tinder the Constitution and laws of the United
States; that it was a valid government and a
valid State constitution up to that time; then
the war came and then there was a government
established, lie says, for the purpose of placing
that State' in relations with the southern con-
federacy, and the effect of that was to abolish,
repeal, or abrogate the old law. I do not know
about that. I think that the.laws of a govern-
ment cle faclo continue in force in relation to
private interests and private matters and not
political at all after the government dcfaclo is
gone, and will be respected by the government
dejure; but a or constitution that is polit-
ical in its character, that was connected-with the
revolution, that was for the purpose of putting
the State in relations with the southern con-
federacy, was ab initio invalid, it being part
of the political machine which we do not regard
as over having had any validity. Then, I can-
not quite see how an invalid constitution, estab-
lished by the people during the rebellion for
the purpose of placing the State in relations
with the southern confederacy, had the power
and force to abrogate and abolish a constitution
valid up to that time. But I do not choose to
consider that question. He may be riyht about
that. But then he says that after the confed-
eracy fell the constitution that is now over the
State of North Carolina had no legitimate
origin, has no validity, and therefore does not
place the State iu proper relation to tlio United
States Government. I believe I have his assent
that that is a correct statement of his proposi-
tion.
Now, sir, I do not believe that President
Johnson himself could establish a State gov-
ernment. All that he could do was under the
obligation to guaranty the existence of a State
and its republican form. All that he could do
would be to place the people, as far as was in
his power, in a position to act themselves.
When lie does that, he appoints a provisional
fovernor. That provisional governor calls a
legislature together. He has no power to call
a Legislature; but under that call the people
elect a Legislature, and that Legislature calls
'a convention, if you please, or the governor
calls a convention and the people of that State
respond to the call, and a convention repre-
senting (he people fully and fairly is held for
the purpose of establishing a State constitu-
tion, and that constitution is submitted to the
people and approved by them in a fair vote.
While it might be questioned whether the act
of the governor in his proclamation for a Le-
gislature and in liis proclamation for a conven-
tion had any validity, yet, when tlio people
acted upon it, and the people themselves estab-
lish a State constitution, it becomes as firm as
the judgment and the will of the people can
make it; and that, too, upon the common prin-
ciple of law lhat a mail may a.-vame to be your
agent and to transact your business and have
no authority to do it whatever, vet if you ap-
prove his act it becomes your valid act.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator does not quite
touch the point. What 1 want to know of the
Senator is, what necessity there was for setting
aside, for instance, Governor Magrath. who was
elected by the people of South Carolina, I do
not recollect in what year, perhaps in 1S'33 or
1S(U, and authorizing the same people to elect
a new Governor? lias the Senator any reason
for supposing that the people who elected Mr.
Orr to be Governor of South Carolina in 1865
were dissatisfied with the election which they
had made a short time before of Mr. Magrath?
If they were not dissatisfied, where was the ne-
cessity for the President to authorize the same
people who had elected Magrath to elect a new
Governor?
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is not precisely
upon the point I am discussing: but 1 shall
attempt to answer the Senator. Governor Ma-
grath was a pait of the political movement
establishing a southern confederacy.
Mr. HOWE. Now, what was the guilt, the
name given to the crime which that involved
him in, and what was the legal punishment
for it?
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 am not discussing that
question. That question the Senator knows
very well goes before the courts. I might ask
the Senator whether there can be treason after
belligerency is recognized ; but I am not going
to be called off, and it is not fair, allow me to
say, to try to divert a Senator from his argument
by asking him something that may be regarded
as sharp. It has nothing to do with the ques-
tion.
Mr. HOWE. No, Mr. President 
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will not be inter-
rupted further. Whether Governor Magrath
was a traitor or not has nothing to do with the
question as to whether the constitution of North
Carolina is now valid. I am always willing and
very well pleated to have Senators interrupt
me in the few remarks I occasionally make,
but I want it to be upon the subject I am dis-
cussing. That is fair to me; it is fair to the
subject.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him right upon the point, if I under-
stand it?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. CLARK. I understand the Senator to
say that though the act of the President ap-
pointing provisional governors might not have
any special validity, yet when the people of a
State acted upon it by electing a Legislature
and Governor, it would be a valid act of the
people. I want to inquire how it was that
after the people had elected a Governor in some
of these States and elected a Legislature, the
President still, in defiance of what the people
in those States had done, kept the provisional
governor in power and lefused to recognize
the Legislatuie until they had done certain
things.
_ Mr. HENDRICKS._ That is not the ques-
tion I am discussing either, Mr. President.
Mr. CLARK. Then I misapprehended the
question.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator did mis-
apprehend the question. If the_ President of
the United States attempted to control the ac-
tion of the Legislature where the Legislature was
fully organized, anil after the people had elected
their Governor pursuant to his plan, it was an
act which he was not justified, in my judgment,
in doing under the circumstances.
Mr. CLAUK. I have my question answered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is my answer.
It is nothing but an opinion. No doubt lie
thought whatever he did was right. I say the
President had a right to do what was necessary
to be done to place the people, in tlieir disor-
ganized condition, in a position to continue the
State of North Carolina as a State and place
it in proper relations with the United States.
Then the States had to be placed in proper
relations to the Federal Government, and the
President has attempted to do that. Now—I
do not care about ihe Senator answering now,
but at his leisuie—1 will ask the Senator from
Wisconsin this question : if the President could
not confer any legal power upon the provisional
governor, and the provisional governor without
any legal authority called a convention, and the
people responded by electing delegates, and
the delegates made a constitution which the
people indorsed, is that not a valid constitution?
Mr. HO WE. I should like to answer the
question now. if ihe Senator would prefer it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well; I have no
objection.
Mr. HOWE. If thatwas a State in which that
thing was done, like the State of Ohio and the
State of New York, where the people have pre-
scribed in their organic acts when and how
their constitutions may be altered, and the
President of the United States had interfered,
and in defiance of the provisions of their or-
ganic act had summoned the people, or a part
of the people, to form a new constitution, and
set up a new government overthrowing the ex-
isting one. 1 should say it was utterly illegal,
utterly void, and revolutionary. That is what
I should say if South Carolina was such a State
as these. I do not say these acts are to be char-
acterized in that way, because I say South
Carolina was not a State.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator is known
to us all as quite as clear-headed a gentleman
as we could find anywhere, and it is astonish-
ing that it requires so many " ifs" to answer a
straight question.
Mr. HOWE. Only one.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The question was, if
the people of the State have elected the con-
vention, do not they breathe validity into the
acts of that convention; and especiallyif the
constitution is submitted to them and they vole
for it, do they not breathe the breath of polit-
ical life and power into that instrument? There
is as far as I choose to go. There is where I
rest it. The President, for the purpose of pla-
cing the people in a position to place their State
governments in proper relations to the Federal
Government, has done what he did, and then
the people take it up, and they make the State
constitution—a thing that no President can do.
It is the voice, of the people that makes a State
government. Then that State government is
established, established at the request of the
President, if you please. Why is not that a
valid constitution and State government? That
is the argument that I present to my colleague.
He took the ground that tlio governor being
appointed without sufficient authority on the
part of the President, and issuing a proclama-
tion that ho could not properly issue, therefore
no legal government could result from it. Sir,
how does the State of California appear here
to-dav? After the conquest from Mexico she
never had a territorial government. Her birth
was in military rule. A military commander
inaugurated proceedings, and then the people
took hold and established a State constitution,
and Congress took the people of the State by
the baud, not because the military governor
had any power, not that he was appointed mil-
itary governor, but that the people had acted
upon his suggestion and the act of the people
made a valid and powerful State government,
which is now the pride of the Union.
Mr. President, this doctrinc of my colleague,
that there are no States in the South, that they
are lost stars, that they have gone out of exist-
ence, I think one of the most dangerous heresies
of these times, and if persisted in will lead us
over a precipice that I hope neither we nor our
children shall ever see. The distinguished Sen-
ator from Kentucky [Mr. Guthrie] told you
the other clay that you could not govern ei«ht
million people without representation. 'Do *
you think you can, permanently? If so, the
men of 18GG are not the men of 1776. Three
million people because they were taxed with-
outrepresentation defied the power of England
and threw down defiance at her feet. Does
any Senator suppose it is possible to govern so
large a country as the South, so numerous a
population, so brave a people, so gallant a peo-
ple as they have shown themselves to be in this
contest with the grandest people on earth, our
northern soldiers? No, sir, it cannot be done.
They must be brought into relations with this
Government in every respect.
But, Mr. President. 1 ask my colleague and
I ask other Senators, how is it that you main-
tain the doctrine? This war commenced in
April, 1801, with the tiling on Foit Sumter.
Shortly after that theie was a battle across the
river here, at Bull Run. A few days after that
Congress passed a resolution declaring the pur-
pose and policy of the Government in the
prosecution of the war. and I will read it.
Although it has been so frequently read in this
body, yet it is a necessary part of any argument
that can be made on the subject:
"That this war is not prosecuted upon our part in
any spirit of oppression, nor for any purpose of con-
quest or subjugation, nor purpose of overthrowing or
interfering with the rights or established institutions
of those Sta.es, hut to defend and maintain the
supremacy of the Constitution and all laws made in
pursuance thereof, and to preserve the Union with
all the dignity, equality, arid rights of the several
States unimpaired; that as soon as these objects are
accomplished the war ou^ht to ceaso."
