1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
Chat was tli6 battle-cry. When Congress
passed that resolution almost unanimou.-ly—
my colleague, L believe. supporting it, he then
being a Senator from the State of Indiana-
it was as it printed upon every banner at the
head of every regiment of your Army ; and
wherever those banners were carried "by the
victorious hosts of the Xorlh that sentiment
was cariied. It was the boast of the soldier; it
was the boast of tlie bravo commander every-
where that this was not a war of oppression,
that this was not a war of subjugation, but it
was a war to bring the States again into their
proper relations to the United States, and that
they should be brought in with all their rights,
privileges, and dignity unimpaired. That is
what you said to the counti). Senators : that is
what the State Department said in its corre-
spondence to the nations of the earth. And
again, sir, President Lincoln, a year and a half
later, in a proclamation to the country, dated
September 22, 1KG2, used this language :
"I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United
States ot America, and Commander-in-Chief of the
Arms' and X'uvy thereof, do hereby proclaim and de-
clare that hereutter a*> heretolore the war wiil be
prosecuted for the object of piactienlty restoring the
constitutional rotation between the United States and
each of the States, and the people thereof, in which
States that relation is or may bo suspended 01 dis-
turbed."
The purpose of the war, he said, was simply
to bring the States into practical relations again
to the Government. In various acts you have
recognized the^e States; I will not trouble the
Senate to repeat their provisions—among them
were the act apportioning representation, and
the act imposing taxes upon the people of the
different Stales, and that act again referred to
in the laws of ] 804. These are instances in
which Congress has recognized the States, but
the great controlling action of Congress upon
this subject is this resolution of 1801.
Mr. President, you said to the gallant men
in the lanks. "You are not called upon to fight
in a war of aggression, you are called upon to
hold up the Constitution of your country, you
are called upon to fight to restore this Union,
not to destroy;'' ami in that cause and for that
cause they went forth ; they fought the battles ;
and now that the battles have been fought, and
now that they come home, many of them
wounded anil scarred, after standing upon the
rough edge of a hundred buttles, can you, Sen-
ators, fake that assurance bade from them ; can
you now say to them that this was not a war
for the restoration of the Union, but it was a
war for conquest, and we will hold these States
as subjugated and concptered provinces? When
yon do that you violate the highest fa'th of the
nation, not only to the soldiers of the Xorth,
but the faith of the nation to the loyal men in
the southern Slates, the faith of the nation to
all the nations of the earth.
How did my colleague, how did other Sen-
ators, come to vote a few weeks ago for a bill
which yon all admitted was not constitutional
except under the provisions of the constitu-
tional amendment? The chairman of the com-
mittee who presented that bill said that the hill
was not constitutional except for that amend-
ment. lie did not claim constitutionality for
it unless that amendment was apart of' the
Constitution of the United Slates; and when
did the amendment become a part of the Con-
stitution ? When was it adopted! When it re-
ceive, d the vole of a portion of these southern
States, together with the northern States. Mr.
Seward published to (heworld ihulthis amend-
ment was udopied, because, of the thirty-fix
States, ihiee fouuhs of them had agreed to it.
You Senator.-, who claim lliat these States are
out of the Union, are willing to act upon a j
constitutional amendment which has no va- j
lid;ly tmles's you recognize the action of ihose ]
Slate.s in respect to if. You vote upon it. \ou |
say in the mo.-t solemn manner possible that |
these Slates are competent to approve a con-
stitutional amendment, and you therefore adopt
it as a pari of the Constitution: but now you
say they are not in the Union to be repre-
sented. Is that right?
But my colleague with great ingenuity has
! referred to two instances in which he says Con-
| gross has ignored the existence of these States,
i The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Siiku.uax] pro-
posed a resolution that a quorum of the Senate
consists of a majority of the Senators duly
c'hosen. My colleague says that these States
were not represented hi the Senate at the time
their existence was ignored by the adoption of
this rule in the body. I think not; the Senate
at the time thought not. That was adopted May
4, 1SG-L The Constitution provides that a ma-
jority ot each House shall constitute a quorum.
Now, what is <a Hou:-e? What is a Ilou.sc as
applied to the Senate A quorum of the Sen-
ate is a majority of the Senate. In respect to
the other House there is no diilieulty about this
question, fortlie Constitution defines the House
of Representatives as composed of ■' members
chosen every second year.'' It is composed
of members "chosen," not of members that
might be chosen and those that are chosen, but
of those who in fact are chosen. llu! the lan-
guage of Uio Constitution in regard to the Sen-
ate is a little more difficult on this question.
The Senate of the United States, the Constitu-
tion says, shall be composed of two Senators
from each State chosen bythe .Legislature there-
of for six years. The language is chosen,"
and the Senate adopted this rule upon the
ground that Senators who were chosen con-
stitute the Senate as a bod}'. It was upon that
principle that the resolution was adopted, and
i think the debate, which was mainly main-
tained by the Senator from Maryland. [Sir.
Johxsox,] holds that ground. 'J his resolu-
tion was not adopted upon any ground that
the States were out of the Union, but upon
the ground that the Senators who had been
'' chosen'' composed the Senate.
But my distinguished colleague has referred
to another instance which I think he will find a
little unfortunate for himself, lie refers to the
joint resolution of last winter in which we de-
nied a vote to Louisiana and Tennessee in the
Electoral College lor President and Vice Pres-
ident. That resolution was reported to this
body by the distinguished Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Tkujibcll,] and it read:
" AVhercas the inhabitants and local authorities of
the States of Virginia, North Carolina, iSouth Caro-
lina, Georgia, i'loiida, Alabama, Alis-issippi, Louisi-
ana. Texas, Arkansas, and Tennes-ee rebelled against
the Government of the United states, and have con-
tinued in a state of armed rebellion lor more than
three years, and were in said state of armed i ebellion
on tile 8th day of November. 1S<>4: Then-lore,
1' //-.7 ;v.,V?:.-// htj (he Senate andlTov^e <>/ Jtcprcicnt-
ativf* of the United Slates o/ Arucrieo tn ('on>/ress as-
sembled, That rbe States mentioned m the preamble
to tin- join t resolution are not en til ted to i eore-'cnta-
j lion in theUtecturai Collet" for tlu-cliei. r of President
' and Vice President of rbe t Tnit{ d S;-Ues for the term
! oi oliijc commencing on tlie 4th d..y ol March, 1S'j5;
and no electoral votes shall be leceived or counted
from raid State- eoneernul's the choice of President
■ and Vice President for said term of office.'"
| My colleague holds that this resolution ig-
| nores the existence of these Stales as Slates.
| Let us see. 'the gentleman 'nho reported the
i re ohilion offered an amendment to strike out
| ftoin the preamble the words "and have con-
I tinned in a :tate of armed rebellion for more
I than three years, and wee in said state of armed
rebellion on the 8th day of November. 1S0-1,"
and to insertinacadof them these words, "and
were in such slate of rebellion on the Stli day
of November, l.Sti h'' The Senator from Illi-
nois:, in maintaining this resolution which he
reported, said:
"The CoiiimiP"e on the Judiciary, bj the amend- :
ment thev ha ve 1 ?porf c d, propo: e to alter the pre am- i
hie soul' what. Tiic object o f tins altei ai ion iJ to avoid
asiarasiio5.-]b!eanveo!ur,ut tain pon the-abject which
the amendment of the Senal or fiom N' s J ci scy firings I
up. Tltc object of the amendment of the committee is :
pimply to put the preamble m such form that if it is i
adopted, and the resolution passed. Congress will not |
ha\e decided, whetln r Louisiana is in the Union or \
out oi the Union, v.beijier she is a State or not a j
Mate. It will be time enough to decide that truestion
when it is presented to us."
Now, I wili call my colleague's attention to an
amendment that was offered by the Senator
from Ntw.Icrsey, (Mr. Ten Kyek.j Mr. len
Eyck said:
"1 move to strike out of the preample the word
' Louisiana.' I will simply state that it ts a matter
of history tliattlie State of Louisiana lias reorganized,
or at least attempted to do so, and in the opinion of
many, ana pernap.s most, of the loyal citizens of that
btate, has reorganized as a Stu>tc."
lie said further:
obioet in moving this amendment.is, under
this of facts, that fume opportunity may bo
afforded to a loyal people who have suffered all the
horrois of^the rebellion, who have got the belter of
it and put it under toot, of coining bnek nru] resum-
ing their place m the councils of the nation."
1 hat is what Mr. Ten E\ ck said in support
<>f hit? amendment; he paid he wanted these
people to have the right to vote for President
of the* United States; the resolution of the Sen-
ator Ironi Illinois said that because of the re-
bellion on the 8th day of November, 1804, the
States of Virginia, North Carolina, South Car-
olina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Louisiana,
Tennessee, and others, should not be allowed
to cast a vote in the Electoral College for Presi-
ded t and Vice President. The Senator from New
Jersey, Mr. den Eyck, moved to strike Lou-
isiana from the list, and to give her a right to
vote for President and Vice President. That
brought the very question up. In support of
his amendment he urged that lie wanted the
lotal men oi Louisiana to have an opportunity
to place themselves properly in the Lnion, and -
that their voice should he heard. Some debate
went on, and the vote was taken on Mr. Tea
Eyck_s amendment to strike out Louisiana from
the disability, the effect of which would have
been to allow her to vote for President and
Vice President.
The vote being taken on the amendment was
—yeas lb, nays 22.
The yeas were—
Messrs. Coivan. Dixon, Doolittle, Farwcll. Harlan.
Ilairis, IIovvc, Lane oi Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Xes-
mith, Pomeroy,Ramsey, Ten Eyek, Van Vf inbb", and
Willcy.
1 voted against striking it out, for I did not
thiiikthegovernmeiit.established there by Gen-
eral Banks at the point of the bayonet was such
a government as we ought then to recognize.
The question had been very full) discussed, and
on those grounds 1 opposed it; but my colleague
voted to strike Louisiana from the resolution,
toallow Louisiana to east her vote for the Presi-
dent of the United States in the Electoral Col-,
lege; and upon what ground.' lie now says
she is not in the Union: she is a lost star again
wandering beyond the observance of any judi-
cial telescope. That is her present condition;
she is not to come here and plead her cause;
but last j-'ear before it was announced that
political power was to be held and perma-
nent ly secured before Louisiana or any other
southern State should come back, ray colleague
■ then voted as he thought was right, that Lou-
isiana was a State in the Union, and that her
vote for President cast on the Sth day of N o-
vemher, 1 Sill, was a valid vote that ought to
be counted. How is it that she is out of the
Union now. but was in this Union then? I
shall not pursue that argument further.
When,! ask, docs my colleague propose that
these Stales may come back? Is this Union
permanently dissolved? My colleague repeats
the question and says, "They cannot be admit-
ted at present v.ith benefit to themselves or
safety to the nation,'' and he adds:
'"And the rcsmicction trump s'ia!! sound thesum-
mons of these rebels to the general judgment before
my votee or vote shall summon them to the.-e iJaiis."
"But.Mr. President, ceutlemeii ask us. when ."hall
these Slates by restored?"
Yes. Mr. President, gentlemen ask that: two
i hundred and sixty thousand voters in Indiana
; ask it to-duj : one hundred thousand soldiers
: in Indiana ask the question; the soldiers all
I over this country ask the question, when shall
I the fruit be gathered forwhich weplowed sonth-
[ crn soil? "When is this Union to be restored for
! which we fought and lefl many a comrade in a
; lonely grave behind? That is the question that
I is being asked, and it is a question, Senators
' will allow me to say, which unlet he answered,
j When? My colleague says when the judgment
| trump shall sound, not before, will he admit
rebels. Then a g> lUTufon must pass away. I
! say come back now; in all cases where the
I peopleofthe southern'States have formed State
i governments, havemaintained pcaeeandobeyed
