884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
the law, and ask that their States shall be placed
in.proper relation to the Federal Government,
I say now, I say now as an avoidance of future
trouble, restore the Union at once.
But, Mr. President, my colleague asks for
some more blood. He says:
"But, Mr. President, gentlemen ask u«,when shall
these States be restored? Not by my vote, until all
these constitutional guarantees are plaeed utterly
key&nd all rccall."
When is that to be? That is distinct enough.
All these constitutional amendments must, pass
the ordeal of Congress and then go before the
States and take the round of years until twenty-
seven of the States approve them ; and not till
then will my distinguished colleague hear the
petition of the States of the Union at the door
<bf the Capitol—
"M'ot until the leading traitors in this rebellion
Shall have been punished, and shall have met the
felon's doom."
That is to be in the way. If the President
will not cause to be hung all the men that my
eolleaguo thinks ought to be hung, he will not
let the States come back at all! Upon what
ground is that based?
But, Mr. President, we hear a good deal said
about blood now. Yesterday theSenalorfrom
Oregon [Mr. Williams] criticised the Presi-
dent forhisleniencvtowardtheSouth. A few
days ago the Senator from Ohio [Mr. WadeJ
Blade a severe criticism on the President for his
leniency, and my colleague asks for blood. Mr.
President, this war commenced with blood;
ay, blood was demanded before the war. When
thegoodmen andthepatnotic, North and South,
representing the yearning hearts of the people
jilt home, came here in the winter and spring of
1861 in a peace congress, if possible to avoid
this dreadful war, right then the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Chandler] announced to his
Governor and the country that this Union was
scarcely worth preserving without some blood-
letting. His cry before the war was for blood.
Allow me to say that when the Senator's name
is forgotten because of anything he says or does
in this body, in future time it will be borne down
.upon the pages of history as the author of the
terrible sentiment, that the Union of the peo-
ple that our fathers had cemented by the blood
of the Revolution and by the love of the peo-
ple; that that Union, resting upon compromise
and concession, resting upon the doctrine of
equality to all sections of the country : that that
Union which brought us so much greatness and
power in the three quarters of a century of our
life; that that Union that had brought us so
much prosperity and greatness until we were
the mightiest and proudest nation on God's
. footstool; that that grand Union was not worth
preserving unless we bad some blood-letting.
Mr. President, it is not the sentiment of the
Senator's own heart: it is the expression of a
bitter political hostility; but it will carry him
down to immortality ; he is sure of living in his-
tory; he has gained that much by it. Sir, the
thirst was for blood before the war, and now
that the war is over, that these people have fallen
upon their knees in your presence and say,
We are a conquered people, wcaeknowledge
it, we promise our allegiance to the Govern-
ment, wc promise obedience to the law, we have
sent our soldiers home, we call for no armies
in our midst to keep us in obedience to the law,
we ask again that our States shall come back
into the council chamber of the nation," and
the cry is, '■ Bloodl blood! blood!''
Mr. SHERMAN. I would like to ask the
honorable Senator a single question—whether
bethinks it is an unreasonable demand for us,
who are the victors in the contest, to say to them
that wcare willing to let them come back into the
Union on precisely an equal footing with our-
selves, man for man, woman for woman, child
for child. All we propose to say to them is, that
if by their law they will exclude from all politi-
cal power a race who have aided us, we will not
allow them to exercise political power for that
race, fhar, as I understand it, is the whole
question. Now, I a=k tile honorable Senator
to say whether he thinks that is a hard condi-
tion to impose on them in coming back into the
Union ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I spent about half an
hour, I think, of the time of the Senate, which
I have occupied in discussing that very ques-
tion, and trying to show why I thought it was
not right and it was not expedient for the Uni-
ted States Government to attempt to control
the right of suffrage in the States. If I failed
in the course of that argument to satisfy the
Senator, I cannot do it now, as I am about clos-
ing my argument. I am now discussing the
question made by my colleague, whether these
States shall be kept out until all the leaders of
the rebellion have met a felon's doom. That
is the proposition. I resist it. I ask that these
States shall come in now. Congress has no
control over the punishment of anybody ; that
is with the Executive, if the Executive has any
i control overitatall, or it is with the judiciary.
Tou can judge for yourselves whether the rea-
sons given by Chief Justice Chase why he will
not hold courts in Virginia are satisfactory
or not. You can judge for yourselves of the
reasons given by the Attorney General of the
United States why the trial of Mr. Davis can-
not take place outside of Virginia. I do not
choose to discuss these questions. If my col-
league and other Senators are not satisfied with
the decision of the Attorney General, let them
go and argue it with him. I have not taken
time to decide it for myself. The Attorney
General says that he cannot, be tried properly
outside of Virginia. I do not suppose that any
Senator asks that anybody shall be punished
except upon some trial. You do not want any-
bodj' to go to Fortress Monroe and shoot Jef-
ferson Davis. If you want it done, let the man
who wants it done in that way go and do it. I
want him and all others that are to be punished
to be put upon trial before a court having juris-
diction of the cause ; where the proceedings,
where the finding, where the execution may be
worthy of the great country and the great peo-
ple with which we are connected.
But, Mr. President, these Senators want more
blood, and they do not like the course of the
President of the United States; and how is it
between them and the President? I have spoken
of the Senator from Oregon, he living out in the
shades of the mountains, and beyond them, and
his people having seen but little of the hardships
and terrors of this war. They scarcely knew
of it. The sound of the cannon could not pass
beyond the mountains. They would scarcely
know of it if the tax-gatherer did not go there.
The Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,]
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] my col-
league. ask for more punishment upon rebels
than the President is willing to give. How do
they know the war?
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the Senator from In-
diana what measure it is for which I have voted
or spoken that he refers to. I certainly pre-
sented a resolution in this body recommending
respectfullytoiliePresident ofthe United States
that he should put Jefferson Davis and others
upon trial, not for treason, but for the crime of
assassinating the late President of the United
States, becausetlieSeeretary of War in an official
report made to the President states expresslv
that lie stands in that Department charged with
the crime of inciting that assassination. Now,
I' sir, t ask the Senator from Indiana whetherhe
i| would or would not. if it v. ere in his power, put
Jefferson Davis and his accomplices upon trial
I for that atrocious crime; and if he would not,
; upon what ground it is that he has the assurance
! to charge other honorable men on this floor with
thirsting for blood, more blood, a cry that is
too ridiculous to receive any further answer.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator from
Michigan is through I will answer him. If I
were an officer of the Government upon whom
] the responsibility of deciding the question was
j thrown by the laws, and there was evidence
• before me that Jefferson Davis had boon guilty
| of the offense of which the Senator speak*. I
1 should certainly order him to be pnl upon trial,
j if I had the authority so to order, before some
I court that had jurisdiction of the case: and if
the penalty was death, found by a court having
jurisdiction, I should feel it my duty, and as
pleasant a duty of that sort as the law could
impose, to see that the penalty was executed.
Mr. HOWARD. Upon what ground, then,
does he charge other Senators who have sup-
ported the measure to which I have referred
with merely thirsting for more blood? If that
is his opinion; if he is willing to take blood,
and would take it with pleasure, as he says he
would, upon what ground does he make it a
matter of reproach against others here that
they would do the same thing?
lir. HENDRICKS. The Senator has used
one word that is not for the Senate, and if he
were twice as old as he is I would throw it baek
to him. He asks upon what grounds I have the
assurance to say a thing. Sir, I do whatever I
think is right here, and in respect to it the Sen-
ator cannot use the word "assurance." [Ap-
plause in the galleries.] He is not entitled to
do so. [Renewed applause.] Do not let him
dictate to me. I have treated this subject fairly,
and if he does not want to be included among
(he Senators who have asked for blood I ex-
clude him from that Category. I have made
my remarks now to my colleague ; I have been
discussing my colleague's proposition, which I
read and 1 will read it again. The question
which my colleague asked in his argument, and
which he answered for himself, was this:
"But, Mr. President, gentlemen ask us, when shall
the States be restored? Not by my vote until all these
constitutional guarantees are plaeed utterly beyond
all recall; not until the leading ti aitors in this rebel-
lion shall have been punished and shall have met the
felon's doom."
The felon's doom is death, and this Union
is not to be restored until that work is done !
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Will my colleague
pardon me for interrupting him for a moment?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I yieid with pleasure.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. My colleague surely
does not intend to represent me as asking for
the blood of these felons, except br, a trial. I
have never for a moment entertained such a
thought. I have no doubt whatever ihat a
military commission has full authority to try
them ; but without trial and without convic-
tion, I should demand the blood of no man.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not understand
my colleague as being in favor of somebody
going and shooting them without authority. I
am discussing the question whether he can, as
a Senator here, say, "The President lias been
too lenient, he has not tried enough men, and
I will not consent to his policy for the restora-
tion of these States until there is more blood
shed." I deny that proposition. If these States
are hero clothed with the rights of States, and
their Senators come here with the proper cer-
tificates showing their election, neither my col-
league nor any other Senator, in my judgment,
has the right to say to these States. '• Go back
until some felons are executed."
Sir, the President of the United States has
shown a great deal of leniency. When he came
into power I was afraid that the extreme would
be the other way. Consider the difference of
position between the Senators on this floor,
who criticise the President 011 this question,
and the President himself. I say with all kind-
ness and respect, that I think they have not
considered the position the President has been
thrown info during this war. These Senators
ofthe North have friends and relatives to mourn
for as we all have, but otherwise they have the
prosperity that attended the war in our section
of the country, enhanced prices of property,
the results of an inflated currency. They have
had prosperity in the North, from this cause,
for a time. They have bad political power.
They have placed one star upon one man's
shoulders ; two stars, by their political influence
and recommendations, upon another man's
shoulders. They have enjoyed power, safety,
peace, quiet at home, and high positions of honor
here in the Senate: while Andrew Johnson, a
citizen of Eastern Tennessee, when the war
broke out. rallied the Union men around him.
They stood theirposition among the mountains,
as my colleague said the other day, as long as
