1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it could be held, he, during that time, endur-
ing scorn, derision, and threats ot' his foes.
Finally danger became so imminent that he
had to leave his State, an exile, and wander in
other States for two years, to seek that safety
and that quiet which he could not enjoy at
home. Slung by personal abuse, liis property
gone, stung by being driven out of his home
au exile, his family scarcely safe at home,
brought, by the providence of God, to be Pres-
ident of the United States, he can be lenient
and kind. He forgets for the time being his
personal wrongs. He forgets any party alle-
giance in that high obligation and duty which
he owes to his country. He wants to restore
this Union. He wants these people to come
together. I was taught by a soldier one night,
in traveling from the city of New York to
Philadelphia and onward west to my home, a
lesson which I do not expect soon to forget.
I fell into conversation with him. I found
that he was from the camp in front of Peters-
burg. Among other things, he told me that
the soldiers frequently stood together upon
the lines of each army and fell into conversa-
tion, and they talked. One asked the other,
•'! Don't you wish this was over and wo could go
home?'' The reply from the enemy would be,
"It would delight my heart." Said the sol-
dier to me,'' Stranger, if Abraham Lincoln and
Jefferson Davis could stand together, face to
face, as we soldiers stand face to face on the
border line between the camp, and talk as we
talk, this war could lie closed in one mouth.''
Now, sir. that soldier knew what was in the
heart of man. He knew that kindness and
conciliation could frequently bring peace when
it would take long months of bloodshed to do
so. But the bloodshed is over: the armies are
disbanded: we are in a state of peace : and the
President says that the resolution of ltfOl, which
you Senators adopted, ought to be carried out.
It is the pledge of Congress; it is the pledge of
the Department of State to foreign nations; it
is the pledge made to the Army, to the coun-
try. to the world, that when this war is over all
these States shall come in with all their dignity,
rights, and powers unimpaired. Mr. Johnson.
President of the United States, standing upon
that resolution, says, "Lei them come.'1 He
has recognized ihem in all the relations to the
Government to which he is competent to rec-
ognize them. The duty is ours, he says, to com-
plete the work. It is a high duty. It is a duty,
brother Senators, that we cannot discharge as
partisans. It is too great a duty to discharge
in that spirit, and I was astounded when I saw
in the advocacy of this resolution the perpetu-
ity of the power of the Republican par.y urged
as a reason. We are in times that do not admit
of that consideration.
Mr. President, my colleague referred to our
public debt, I believe, and to the pensions to
the soldiers. &c., as a reason why we on-jlit not
to admit Senators and Representatives fiom
these southern States. I believe he intimated
that, these States being represented our public
debt would become insecure, and the public
credit impaired, on the ground that they might
not, vote for the necessary revenue. 1 look
upon that question from another staud-pouit.
What is the security for the public debt? J ne
debt is iar'^e ; but it' the right policy be pursued
it is not beyond the power of the people to pay.
I am not for repudiation. I consider repu-
diation a deep disgrace. But where is the
guarantee for that debt ? Huge as it is, what is
the guarantee? Peace, prosperity to the p?o-
ple. If you send out your duplicates into the
country for the collection of t;3">().OOO.OUO every
year, must you not have a prosperous people
at home to meet that demand: and_what. shall
brins us prosperity but union, cordial, hearty,
permanent, so that we of the \\ est can seek
our natural market along the shores ot the Mis-
sissippi and the Gulf, so that the people of the
North may buy their cotton, their sugar, and
the staples of the South from that section, so
that commerce shall return to its ancient chan-
nels? These are .some of the assurances. _ Ami
in the judgment, of the world, what, is the highest
guarantee? A united people under the Con-
stitution that ad do love and respect. Let it
be announced over this v.orld that these States
are again cordially united, that there is no longer
schism or discord in our ranks, then, indeed,
the ciedit of this Government will be estab-
lished: but if it goes abroad that this Union
cannot be restored, that the war has failed, that
we keep the States out, that we intend to gov-
ern them by military power, let any sentiment
of that sort go abroad, and as that sentiment
gains power and influence in the country our
credit must, go down.
Does any Senator here fear foreign Powers?
I do not. I do not think we need have any for-
eign wars. But we want foreign nations to
respect us, and that is the best guarantee for
peace. Let them know that they cannot hurt
us, but we can hurt them, and we have the high-
est assurance for respect and peace from all
nations. Now, sir, what is the best guarantee
we can give? What is the best assurance to
foreign nations ? It is that we are able under
all circumstances to defend ourselves. Let us
be a united people, united heart and hand, the
Constitution governing all over the land, the
Hag everywhere respected, men cordially heart
to heart again. When that time comes foreign
nations will look upon us as again one of the
established Powers of the earth to be respected,
and we will have peace.
Tlii; is the gravest question that has ever
been discussed in America. Nothing like it
has before been presented. The discus.-ions of
this Congress, in my judgment, u ill go down
as the most impeltant. pages of American his-
tory. As we decide this question it may be—
I will not prophesy--but it maybe the most
important decision ever made in this Govern-
ment from the time our fathers agreed to lay
the Articles' of Confederation aside and adopt
the Constitution of 1780. Why cannot we let
these States come in ? Are party considerations
to govern us? Certainly not. Y\ hat shall gov-
ern its. then? Are you afraid of the vole of
Senators and Representatives from the South,
that they will prevent your cloinsr what is right
in respect to the laws ? V> hen shall that cease ?
You have, as you claim, a strong guarantee
here : you will not allow a man to come into this
Chamber unless he takes the test oath. Is not.
that guarantee enough? These Sta'es have laid
down their arms, they have complied with all
the conditions required in the resolution ot'lPGl.
Thev come and ask again lor representation.
You say "No. no, no; we will not hear you,
we wilt not. even give you the courtesy of seats
upon this floor."
Is that policy? Is it right? I know many
liave been traitors, i whether it can be defined
treason in the courts is a question about wiiich
men differ, I but they Inn e been guilty of moral
treason in organizing a rebellion : but they have
been conquered, and what is right between man
and man, as a general thing, is rightamong na-
tions and people. If cither one of the Sena-
tors have a controversy with his neighbor, and
it comes to blows, or even to weapons, and j
after the fiercest strife you disarm him, and have !
him entirely in your power, and he sues for
mercv, I know there is not a Senator who
would deny it. You would not say that you
w ill lift the point ofvour dagger from his in-east.
| anil that you will let him up again if he will give
i von certain guarantees. No. you would say.
i " You are tny conquered enemy ; you acknowi-
j edge it: and I go no fuilherin this contest;
I and if attacked bv another yon will stand by
1 him. That is human nature : it is honorable :
' it is right. Here are Slates that lay down all
arms of opposition and ask' to be admitted into
! the Union. Do not Senators believe the pros-
pects of our countrv would be brighter at homo
5 and abroad, that every interest would be pro-
moted bv letting them come in? Mr. Presi-
I dent. I shall do"all in mv power in a sense of
right and duty and obligation to the country to
' re's! ore the^e States. I hope that it will not have
. to:ro to the country as a political question, bnt
; I am not afraid of the judgment of the country
i upon it. The people say the war is over and
the States ought to be in. Peace is here and
we ought to have the results of peace. I am
not afraid of the people if this is to be made a
question, but I seek no such question. Ingood
faith I ask that, these States shaJi come in. I
believe they have a common interest in our
prosperity, and our destiny may depend upon it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Indiana has arraigned me upon an
old indictment for having written a certain let-
ter in 1881. It is not the first time that I have
been arraigned on that indictment of "blood-
letting.' ' I was first arraigned for it upon this
floor by the traitor John C. Breckinridge, and
I answered the traitor John C. Breckinridge,
and after I gave him his answer he went out
into the rebel ranks and fought against our flag.
I was arraigned by another Senator from Ken-
tucky, and by other traitors upon this floor. I
expect to be arraigned again. I wrote the let-
ter, andlstand bythe letter; andwhatwasinit?
What was the position of the country when
that letter was written ? The Democratic party,
as an organization, had arrayed itself against
this Government—a Democratic traitor in the
presidential chair and a Democratic traitor in
every department of this Government, Demo-
cratic traitors preaching treason upon this floor
and preaching treason in the Hal! of the other
House, Democratic traitors in your Army and
in your Navy, Democratic traitors controlling
every branch of this Government. Your flag
was fired upon, and there was no response.
The Democratic party had ordained that this
Government should be overthrown, and I, a
Senator from the State of Michigan, wrote to
the Governor of that State, '' Unless you arc
prepared to shed blood for the preservation of
this great Government, the Government is over-
thrown." That is all there was to that letter.
That I said, and that 1 say again, and I tell
that Senator if he is prepared to go down in
history with the Democratic traitors who then
cooperated with him. 1 am prepared to go down
on that "blood-letting'' letter, and I stand bj
the record as then made. [Applause in the
galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) Order!
Mr. CHANDLER. What was the condition
of the country when that letter was written?
Sir, you had a band of Democratic traitors or-
ganized in this town as the National Rifles drill-
ing every night to overthrow this Government
by a mob. You had the Democratic traitor
Buchanan in command of your navy-yard, where
all your munitions of war were stored. You had
the* Democratic traitor Robert E. Lee in your
War Department at that very moment. And
now I am to be ariaigned here as a blood-thirsty
individual because when these Democratic trai-
tors stood here in these Halls and proclaimed
that this Government was overthrown, that they
would not live with us in any event; because 1
wrote to the Governor of my State that unless
he was prepared to shed blood for the preser-
vation of this Government it was overthrown,
now I am to be arraigned as going down to
be remembered in history! Yes. sir, I shall
be remembered, and I am proud of the record.
May it stand, and'stand as long as this Govern-
ment stands. When that Senator and the men
who cooperated with him shall have gone down
to eternal infamy my record will be brilliant.
[Applause in the galleries, i
'The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator suspend his remarks? The Chair has re-
peatedly called the galleries to order; and if
applause or any demonstration ot this kind be
repeated, he will feel it his duty to clear the
galleries.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will take a future oc-
casion to respond to this blood-letting accusa-
tion. I did not expect to make any remarks
this afternoon. I have risen merely on the spur
of the occasion : but at some future day I shall
ask the indulgence of the Senate to go on with
this subject.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President 
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator from Illinois
will permit me to say a word, not interfering
