THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
with the right of the Senator from Illinois to
the floor, bat simply to make an explanation of
a little matter that occurred during the remarks
of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. YATKij. I yield the floor for that pur-
pose.
Mr. HOWE. I rise not for the purpose of
replying to the speech of the Senator from In-
diana, for I have not had the advantage of list-
ening to it all; but I was in the Senate a short
time and by his permission put one or two ques-
tions to him. The question I wished to have
answered particularly, to enable me to under-
stand what necessity in his judgment existed
for overthrowing the political organizations
which were known as the governments of the
rebelling States when the rebellion was sup-
pressed, and when their armies surrendered.
I put that question to the Senator, and he
. attempted to answer it. In the course of his
answer, I thought I could induce him to be more
explicit by interposing another question, which
was as to the particular crime that the Governor
of South Carolina had committed when he al-
lied himself to the rebellion and to that polit-
ical organization known as the confederacy.
The Senator pronounced that question to be
unfair to him, because he said that he was not
prepared to enter into the discussion of the
question whether Governor Magrath could be
tried for treason or not. I rose for the purpose
of explainingthe purport of that question, see-
ing clearly that he misunderstood it. The Sen-
ator very abruptly refused to allow me to make,
the explanation. I think I can cal! him to the
stand as a witness that I am not in the habit of
pressing questions which are unfair. I did not
mean to interpose one then which could be
objected to upon any such ground.
What I wished to call his attention to was
this one peculiarity of our Government: I do
understand that it is essential to the character
of an American State that it should have the
right to choose its Governors. When the peo-
ple of a State have chosen a Governor, I under-
stand that two rights are secured: -first, the
right of that man to be Governor during the
term for which he is chosen, and second, the
right of the people to have his services as Gov-
ernor. Now, in some year, I do not recollect
when, the people of South Carolina, who he
says constitute the State, chose Mr. Magrath
for Governor. If South Carolina remained a
State with the rights of a State, I think the
right was secured to Mr. Magrath to continue
Governor of that State during his term ; and
the right was secured to the people to have him
for Governor. If Mr. Magvatli committed a
crime against that State, the government of
that State might impose upon him the. punish-
ment which the law affixed to that crime : and
so if he committed a crime against the United
States, the Government of the United States
might impose upon him the punishment, that is
by law affixed to the commission of that crime.
But Governor Magrath was not arrested, as I
know, not tried, not sentenced by any of the
tribunals of South Carolina to be deposed from
the office of Governor. Nevertheless he was
in fact deposed from that pffice, and he was
deprived of the emoluments and honors of it;
and the people who had elected him were de-
prived of the right to have his services as Gov-
ernor. I wanted the Senator from Indiana to
explain why it was that all that was done. I
did not put the question from any idea that it
was a difficult question to answer : for I think
I could answer it very readily and very satis-
factorily to myself: but I thought that arguing
from the Senator's stand-point it would be a
difficult question for him to answer. It was
that question I wished him to answer. I did
not wish to draw him off in any discussion
whether Mr. Magrath could be tried for treason
or not.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President 
Mr. NESMITH. I ask my friend from Illi-
nois to give way to a motion to adjourn.
"Mr. CONMESS. I wish to suggest that there
is special reason for a short executive session,
and I hope we shall be allowed to have one.
Mr. NESMITH. I withdraw my motion for
that purpose.
KXECUTTVR SESSION.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executivebusiness.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 16, 1866.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by Rev. Zachakiaix Ragix.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
printing 01? 1st lls.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, it was
ordered that, bills of the following titles, here-
tofore referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, be ordered to be printed:
A bill (H. It. No. 1-11) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act further to provide for the collec-
tion of duties on imports
A bill (H. it. No. 170) to amend the judicial
system of the United States ; and
bill (H. It. No. 239) to prescribe an oath
for public officers and members of the bar, and
for other purposes.
paris industrial exposition.
Mr. BANKS, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, presented a communication from the
Secretary of State, inclosing a dispatch of the
American minister at Belgium upon the action
of that Government in relation to the Industrial
Exposition at Paris in 3807 ; which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to bo printed.
"war debt of the several states.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent,
presented joint resolutions of the State of Ohio,
relative to the assumption by the General Gov-
ernment of the war debt of the several States.
The SPEAKER. That joint resolution was
presented yesterday and referred.
Mr. GAIIFIELI). I thought it was objected
to.
The SPEAKER. Only the reading of the
resolution in exienso was objected to.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then I withdraw the
joint resolution.
Mr. BLAINE,from the select committee on
the war debt of the loj'al States, reported back
a bill to reimburse the loyal States for advances
made and debts contracted in support of the
war foi the preservation of the Union in an
amended form, and moved that it be recom-
mitted, with accompanying papers, and ordered
to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
nkw york c0nr::sti:d election.
Mr. DAWPjS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented certain papers in the New York con-
tested-election ca°e of Dodge vs. Brooks; which
were referred to the Committee of Elections.
authentication of claims.
Mr. LONGYEAR, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Unsolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending section tliree of the act entitled " 'An act
pleplementai y to sui act en titled 'An act to grant pen-
sions anpi overt July 11,1802,' approved July 4,1861,'"
so as to allow declaration* to he made and testimony
taken In lore oilu-erfc duly qualified to administer
ooths without '-roil:'-; before a eouit of record, or pome
Gihecr thereof having custody of these.il, in e;ue of
physical di-ability of the claimant to go before such
eouit Oi ofticei.
gi:ttys!31k0 national monument.
Mr. FERRY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to exempt the Gettysburg National
Monument from duties and excises; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
reciprocity treaty.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, by unan-
imous consent, presented joint resolutions of
the Legislature of West Virginia opposing the
renewal of the reciprocity treaty with England,
and asking that the duty on coal coming into
the United States from the British Provinces
or elsewhere, shall not be less than two dollars
per ton; which were referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
george m. fay and kahuai fay.
Mr. BIDWELL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill for the relief of George M. Fay
and Nahum Fay; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
charter of washington city.
Mr. BALDWIN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted thcfollowing resolution; .which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
JRcsohcd, That the Committee fox* the District of
Columbia consider the expediency of repealing or
amending the act approved May 5, J86t, to amend ail
act to incoi purate the inhabitants of Washington, and
report by bill or otherwise.
LINCOLN MEMOIlfAX.
Mr. WASHBUHNE, of Illinois. I rise to
submit a privileged report.
In pursuance of the concurrent resolutions of
the two Houses of Congress on the 12th of Feb-
ruary instant, the chairmen of the joint com-*
mittee of arrangements on the memorial exer-
cises of the late President of the United States,
Abraham Lincoln, have placed a certified copy
of said concurrent resolutions in the hands of
Hon. George Bancroft, and have requested of
him a copy of hisaddress on the occasion referred
to for publication, as will appear from the fol-
lowing correspondence, which I move be read,
and that it lie on the table, and be printed.
The Clerk read, as follows:
the capitol,
washington, February 13,1866.
Sir: "We have the honor to present to you an offi-
cial copy of twoconcui rent resolutions adopted by the
Senate and House of Representatives on the 12th in-
stant, expressing the thanks of Congress for the appro-
priate memorial address delivered by you on the life
and services of Abraham Lincoln, late President of
the United States, and instructing us to request from
you a copy of the address for publication.
Having shared the high gratification of hearing the
address, we take pleasure,in aecordanec withthesee-
ond of the concurrent resolutions, in requesting you
to furnish a copy of the address ior publication.
"We have the honor to be, with very great respect,
your obedient servants,
SOLOMON FOOT,
Chair man on the j>urt of the Senate.
# e. 33. wasiiburne,
Chain/tan on. the part of the House.
To Hon. george bancroft.
"washington, d. c., February14,18g6.
gentlemen : i have received your letter of yo«-tor-
dav, and a copy of the two ooncurrcni resolutions of
Congress to which you refer, /Hie thanks of the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives for the performance
of the duty assigned me I value a vcrv distinguished
honor, and I shall cheertully furnish a copy of the
address tor publication.
I remain, gentlemen, very sincerely vours.
george bancroft.
Hon. Solomon Foot,
Chan man oath* pent of ihr /v, note.
Hon. E. B. washbuene,
Chairman on the part of the IIou.se.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois, moved that
j twenty thousand extra copies of the oration
! and correspondence be printed for the use of
i the Hon.se.
j The SPEAKER stated that the motion, un-
der the law, would be referred to the Committee
oil Printing.
Mr. ROGERS. I ask the gentleman from
] Illinois whether he will allow the Dred Scott
decision to be printed with it.
! Mr. AVASHIjfTRNK, of Illinois. Xo, sir;
I do not think that ought to be extended,
j Mr. ROGERS. Jt is a contest between the
■ Supreme Court and Mr. Bancroft, and I would
j like the people to have both .'-ides.
Mr. WASIIBITRXE, of Illinois. That has
been decided and parsed upon fmallv.
Mr. "WENTWOR.TII. Tho Dred Scott
decision has gone with its author.
leave of absexch (JItWTED.
Mr. ORTIT moved that leave of absence be
granted to his colleague, Mr. Hill, for ten days,
i There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
