1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
887
BOOKS.
Mr. LAI LIX, from the Committee on Print-
ing^ by unanimous consent, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution:
Ilcviked, That there bo published for the use of the
members ot tin- House, by W. 11. & 0. II. Morrison,
of Washington, one thousand copi..- ol tile book en-
titled "Memorial Hot-old ot the Xenon's Tribute to
Abraham Lincoln," and published together with the ,
address ot Hon.tieorgeljdncroit delivered Ifcbiuarv
1J, lSi>:>: .-aid publication to be in strict conformity
with section five ol act ot Contacts pasoed August 1U,
183o, winch provide* as follows:
" If nnv books t-li a! 1 hereafter be ordered to and re-
ceived bv members of Congress, the priee paid ior the
same shall be deducted from the compen1 afion here-
in before provided lor such member or member,-: Pio- i
vid<', l>r>!rrrv. That this shall not extend to books i
ordered to. be printed bv (ho Public Pi inlor dunnsr
the Congress for which said member shall be elected." i
ilr. IAPJJN'. This resohitjon has two ob- !
jeets: first, thai the publishers of the book in j
question may be enabled to ascertain how many i
of the members of this House desire the pubii- I
cation of this book at iheir private expense;
second, that the publishers of all books may
be thus publicly informed that without repeal-
ing an act of Congress passed in lSoti, it is not
within the power of the House to order for the
use of its members any books, except at the
private expense o_f members. Those of the
members that desire the publication of this
book at their private expense will of course
vote in the affirmative; those that are opposed
to it will vote in the negative.
I may state here that this has no reference
whatever to the resolution that has just been
introduced by the distinguished gentleman from
Illinoi-. [Mr. Washim-une.]
Mr. UPSOX. I would ask the gentleman
whether this is repotted for the first time, ot on
reference to lite1 com mi! Lee.
Mr. LAl-'LIX. It is in answer to a resolu-
tion of the .gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens ] which was referred to the Committee
on Primmer.
1 move the previous question on the adop-
tion of this resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HAUDIXG, of Illinois. I call for the
yeas and nays on the adoption of this resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HAUDIXG, of Illinois. T call for tellers.
Tellers w-ere not ordered.
The question being taken on the adoption of
the resolution, it was not agreed to.
-Mr. DAWES. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the House disagreed to the resolution,
and to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. UPSOX. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. 1 move that the House take tip the con-
tested-election cr.sc in the State of Pennsylvania,
Coffroth vs. Kooutz.
li:a\e or AKbENCE.
Mr. DAVIS. "With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Michigan, I ask leave of absence
for three or four days.
Xo objection being made, leave of absence
was granted.
I'AYMEVT roil CAVALRY HORSES. j
Mr. BROMWELL. I askthe gentleman from j
Michigan to allow me to offer a resolution. !
Mr. i/PSOX. I yield for tlic last time to the ,
gentleman from Illinois. [
Ml'. ISKUMWElL. 1 offer the following 1
resolution: I
i?e-V. r-l. That the Committee on Military Affairs
be -nsri-ucied t<> inquire into the expediency of pro- j
vidni'4 bv law loi Hie payment to non-commissioned
officers, musicians, and privates who served m the
volunteer envalry service during the late war. for
horses furnished bvthein (o the Government and lost
without fault of the soldier, particularly m the fol-
lowing ea^e-:
I'li-st, in eases in which during forced march, or
retreat, or prolractcd engagement, or skirmishing,
hones have been overcome by exercise.and exhaus-
tion, and have died in consequence.
Second, in cases in which horses have been captured
by the enemy, without intuit of the soldier, and when ,
encased in the line of his duty.
Third, in eases m which horses were ordered by ;
commanding officers to be shot or otherwise destroyed 1
on^aecount of infirmities caused by over-exercise and
exuamtiou in necessary and piopcr service.
.And that said committee have leave fo report by
bill or otherwise,
Mr. THORXTOX. I desire to make a sug-
gestion to my colleague. This same subject
was referred by a resolution heretofore intro-
duced to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and reported back to the House and referred
to the Committee of Claims. The subject em-
braced in tins resolution is now under consid-
eration by the Committee of Claims, and I sug-
gest to my colleague that he had better send his
resolution to that committee.
Mr. BROMWELL. i will modify my reso-
lution so as to refer the question to the Com-
uniLce of Claims.
The resolution, as modified, -was agreed to.
Mr. UPSOX resumed the floor.
Mr. SCHEXTCK. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman from Michigan that I hold in my hand
a number of petitions referred improperly to
the Committee on Military Affairs. They ought
to go to tho appropriate committees, to be re-
ported on when the committees are called, and
i ask him to permit me to have them referred
to the proper committees.
Mr. UPSOX. I will yield for that purpose.
AMENDMENT TO PENSION LAWS. *
On motion of Mr. SCHEXCK, the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs was discharged from the
fun her consideration of a petition lor increase j
of pension of soldiers who have lost an arm or !
a log ; ar.d the same was ieferred to the Com-
mittee oa Invalid Pensions.
clement REEVES. :
On motion of Mr. SC1TEXCK, the Commit- I
tee on Military Affairs was discharged from the '
furiher consideration of the petition of Clement
Peeves for compensation for damages on ac-
count of the appropriation to its own use by the
Government of the United States of a part of
his land lying on the Delaware river, and the ,
erection thereon of a fortification; and the
same was referred to the Committee of Claims. :
wounded soldiers. |
On motion of Mr. SCITEXCIv, the Commit- j
tee on Military Affairs was discharged from the ;
further consideration ofthepetition of wounded :
soldiers, praying for increased pension; and the j
same was referred to the Committee oil Invalid .
Pensions. !
(iEOUni: P. REVSRERG. j
On mofion of Mr. SCHEXCK. the Commit- j
lee on Military Affairs was discharged from the
furiher consideration of the petition of George :
P. P.emsberg, asking euinpensn'.ior. for injuries
received by his son :ti ErccUriek. Maryland :
and the same was referred to the Committee ,
oil Invalid Pensions. i
PENSIONS TO SOLDIERS OF WAR 0E 1S12. I
On motion of-Mr. SC'IIEXCK, tl ic Commit- j
tee on Military Affairs was discharged from the |
further consideration of the remonstrance of i
Samuel Lake, of Buffalo, Xew York, against :
the passage of an act granting pensions to sol- !
diers of the war of 1812; and the same was j
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary j
Pensions. ji
PAYMENT OF COMMUTATION" X0NE1', j!
Mr. SCHEXCK. I bold in my hand the ;[
petitions of John Marsh, Abraham Olger, and i;
others, praying the refunding of commutation j1'
money paid by them respectively under the com- 11
imitation law", which were referred to the Cora- ||
mittee on Military Affairs, ft has since been ;|
discovered thai the only difficulty is that the )
parties have not made proper proof, and thai i
the matter could be settled at the Department if j.
they would amend the papers. I therefore j!
move that, the committee be discharged from |
the further consideration of the petitions, and j!
that the parties ha\e leave to withdraw the :■
papers. |i
The motion was agreed to. i|
Mr. UPSOX. I now yield for a moment to j;
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence,] d
and then I will yield to the gentleman from
Xew York, [Mr. Tax Hobn,] and after that I
will yield no further.
RAILROAD ACCIDENTS.
Mr. LAWREXCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to punish for throw-
ing trains from railroad tracks; which was
read a first and second lime, and referred to
tho Committee on the Judiciary.
PUNISHMENT OX? LARCENIES, ETC.
Mr. LATV REXCE, of Ohio, also by unani-
mous consent introduced a bill to punish lar-
cenies and robberies of the securities and other
choscs in action belonging to the United States;
winch was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on tho Judiciary.
EXITED STATES REVENUE COUltTS.
Mr. LAWREXCE, of Ohio, also, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill to establish
United States revenue courts, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
DESCENDANTS 05" JOSEPH SHERMAN.
On motion of Mr. VAX HORX. .of Xew
York, the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
was discharged from the further consideration
of the petition and papers of the descendants of
Joseph Sherman and the officers of the Rhode
Island infantry during the Revolution, and
leave was granted for the withdrawal of the
same from the files of the House.
PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. UPSOX. I now call up the report of
the Committee of Elections in the case of Alex-
ander II. ColTroth and William II. Kooutz of
the sixteenth congressional district of Pennsyl-
vania.
'flic following are the resolutions reported by
the committee:
AVWrThat Alexander II. Coffroth, upon the
cci-iifieai es and papers relating to the election in the
sixteenth congressional district ot the State of Penn-
sj Ivama, has tho prima faclc risoit to the vacant seat
from that district, and is entitled to take the oath of
office and occupy a scat in this House as tho It op re-
seniative m Congress from said disfjiet, without pi e-
.ludice to the right of William II. Kooutz, claiming to
have been duly elected thereto, to contest his right to
said scat upon the merits.
That William II. Koontz, desiring to con-
test the richt, of Hon. Alexander II. Coffroth to a
scat in this House as a Representative from the six-
teenth distrnt of the State of Pennsylvania., be, and
iiois, required to serve upon the said Coffroth, within
fifteen days after the passage of this resolution, a par-
tic.dnr statement of Oic grounds of said contest, and
that the said Coffroth be, and he is hereby, required to
sei ve upon the sai.l TCoont-/ his my-v.-er tlieieto within
fifteen days thereafter, and that both parties be al-
loy,'ed sixty days next after the service of said answer
to take testimony in support of their severalallega-
tioas and denials, notice of intention to examinewit-
nesscs to he given to the opposite party at least fivo
days before their examination, but neither party to
give notice of taking testimony within less than five
days between the close of taking it at one place and
its commencement at another, but in all other respects
in tho manner prescribed in the act of February 19,
1351.
Mr. UPSOX. On the 5th of December last,
this House by resolution directed that "the
certificates and all other papers relating to the
election in the sixteenth congressional district
of Pennsylvania, be referred to the Committee
ofElections, when appointed, with instructions
to report at as early a day as practicable which
of the rival claimants to the vacant seat from
that district has thoprima facie right thereto,
reserving to tho other party the privilege of
contesting the case upon the merits without
prejudice from lapse of time or w-ant of notice.''
In pursuance of that direction the majority
of the committee in this case have made their
report. B\ an investigation of this resolution
by the House, which will be found on page 73
of the report, and the accompanying exhibits,
it will be seen that there is no person now- occu-
pying that, seat, but that the seat is vacant. The
reason or excuse for that will be found in an
extract from the Governor's proclamation,
which will bo found on page 23 of this report,
iu which, after enumerating the various persons
wdio have been elected from the various districts
