1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
889
trief,) and therefore is duly elected. This return is
so cntially defective that I conceive it to be no
return at all, and ma of opinion that, the Governor
out-:ht not to b.tsu Jiic pi oehauutl'-n on if u.-iaietum."
It was on tjjat opinion or conclusion thus
given by rhci attorney general that the Gov-
ernor of iVim^ 1\aula, acied when be came to
the conclu.-iuu that lie ought not to include any
pcr>on in his proclamation as elected from that
dibliict.
I wirh. now to refer to the position taken by
the coKiPiutee in the report, and to f-Jiow that
the opinion of the attorney general on this
point is not supported by the statute nor the
decisions of the courts of that State.
"But it it- elaimcdonthc part of Mr.Koontz that the
said return shows on its face that the county oi Som-
erset wa< not included by the said return judges m
the count, and, therefore, that return is void, though
it appeals in the return, and also in the opimou
of the attorney general, above referred to, that the
return judgeot ^omer.^ct county was present at Chain-
bersbur? on the <lay of the mooting, and was notified
thereof, but neglected or refused to attend.
" I'ac attorney general, in his said opinion, also
take? this position, and claims that the district judges
ought to have adjourned over, and referred to dupli-
cate ontrma!^ ot the returns for Somerset county,
•which he a.ijs were accessible in the ofiice of the pio-
thonoiary ot said county of Somcisei.
" To this it may be replied, that the statute makes
no provision tor any such adjournment or proceeding,
and it does not appear by the said statute that, in
case where a congies&ional dutnet is composed of
several counties, any such dupbeote origin;]! is re-
quired to be tiled in each of the counties of the dis-
trict, but the original statement oi votes given in each
county for Xiepresentativc in Congress, oci tiiied by the
judges and attested by the cleiks, is directed taction
6^0 to be taken charge of by one of said judges, who
4 shall piodu.ee iho same at a meeting ot one judge
from ear li county at such plane in j-aid district as i<
or may be appointed by law for that purposeand
when the district return judges have met and cast up
said return', and made duplicate returns of all the
vote-' c-ivon for such office in Mich district, if is them
an<l not till then, required (section 61) that one of
said duplicate returns so mode by said district return
judcre-' shail be filed in the office of the prothonot-iry
ot the court of common picas of the county m which
they shail meet.''
I would fay, as has already been stated in the
report, that there is no provision in the statute
of Pennsylvania authorizing the board to ad-
journ from day to day to obtain election returns
after the time fixed by law for the board to meet
and act. and that, in a matter of this kind, aris-
ing under a similar provision in a soldiers' vot-
ing law. previous to the present law, in a case
decided in 4 Philadelphia Reports, the court
adjudicated this point, and decided directly the
reverse of the opinion of the attorney general.
I refer to the ease of Lawrence rt>. Knight. 4
Philadelphia Keports. ;S)0, in which the duty
of return judges in regard to soldiers' votes is
explained, and ai<o some directions given to
the prochonolary b\ Judge Ludlow. On page
801, he says :
" Having thus indicated what, in ray opinion, is the
fiimnte dut-- ot tiie prothonotnry, it ;- liceet-ary toi
me t<> <av what is the duty ot the return judges; and
till:- advice i- now crivcil so that hereafter the court
may not lie applied to foi that puipose. J-lie*e ccn-
tlemen liiu^t meet and perform their duties on lo-
veinber 1-, IS'31. being the second Tuesday m Novem-
ber. 'Ihev o-.i^ht not t« adjourn to another day.
" Mv i,pn:n:n upon that question has. on an exam-
ination of the subject, jinderccone a.ehanse: at first
it wa- pre-unied the i i"iv mi^lit adiourn to another
dav but tin? cannot be Iho law. tor if tin* risht he
ndnjitt t d. thev may adjourn for a period of six mouths
or a yeai, ami thus deleat the expressed will ot tne ,
peonie. . , , j
"Xhedutie- of these gentlemen are simply, under .
the pi e-ei,t law. ministerial; they can onlv inquire i
if the .-eriified copies of eouipany returns alone be- i
lore then have been delivered to them by the [>ro-
thonolaiv ot the eomuion pleas. I nliudit at length ,
state ill} 'nMsons tor till? opinion, but it ra.iy be un- ;
neeev-nry." I
On cvimiuauon of the statute of Pennsyl- !
vania. which is now similar ill its language so >
far a-- regards the proceedings of the board in
relation tn this matter of adjournment. 1 think
there can be but liille doubt that the construc-
tion oivea here bvJudge Ludiowto the statute
is eorrecl, and that, to allow any other con-
struetiou v ould lead to very great irregularities,
and be .--abject to the objections stated by that
jud-o.
'1 in- decision was predicated, as I have jnt-t
said, "ii die previous t-oidiers' voting law. 1 he
plira.-viiiogv of the present law in relation to
the action of the board is very similar, and the
construction in relation to the powers and duties
of the board and as to adjournments it seems ■
to me must lie the same: although in one re-
spect there seems to be this tjunification : the
present law is more strict, in its requirements
as to poll-books, tally-lists, oaths and certifi-
cates than the ohl law. And these papers, I
insist, are a part of the returns, as I think I
shall lie able to show before 1 conclude this
argument.
\\'e then come to this conclusion, following
out the decision of the court in Philadelphia,
upon the principle involved in this case:
1. The opinion of the attorney general upon
the facts conclusively shows that the board of
return judges, or what purported to be such,
and certified in favor of Mr. Ivoontz, was not
a legal board, and therefore all its acts are void
and of no effect in this investigation.
I think there was no difference in the com-
mittee on this point, that there was no legal
board certifying to Mr. Ivoontz's election.
2. The facts admitted and stated in the at-
torney general's opinion show that the per-
sons signing the Koontz retui us were not return
judges, and therefore they are illegal. If we
should come down to common parlance we
should call them bogus returns.
We find the attorney general sustaining the
legality, on the facts which are admitted, of
the other board, so far as their appointment is
concerned, being regularly appointed judges
for that district from the several counties, and
only lacking one judge from .Somerset county.
It is claimed by some that it required all to
sign. Jn relation to that I will also quote, the
opinion of the attorney general, on page 70 of
the report:
"It is well established that (unless otherwise ex-
pres.-ly provided i an authority of a public-nature, con-
ferred on three or more peisons jointly, may be exe-
cuted by a niaiority at a meeting lawtully held, and
of which all have had lesal notice, and that the meet-
ing and proceedings ot such a body arc presumed to
be lobular in the absence of proof to the contrary. }
But a minoiity of such a body cannot, by withdraw- j
ins? (for -whateverreason)from the majouty and pro- ;
oeedincr to a, t independently, vest in themselves the :
authority which the law has conferred on the whole, i
and pel mits to be exerciccd by a majority as aoove
stated."' i
Having then found that they constituted a i
majority of the legal board, and having, in ad-
dition to that, found, from the face of the return
itself, that, the other judge from Somerset was
notified and refused or neglected to attend, I
submit that the action of that one judge cannot
nullify or destroy the action of the majority:
thai when they acted, they did all the law au-
thorized them to do. and all that they could do
under the law. To say that the one judge could,
by his own voluntary absence, nullify the action
of the others, would certainly be rather a sin-
gular exhibition of the one-man power : it re-
vei'tos the principle tsiat the majority ihall rule :
and although injustice may sometimes be clone
where a majority is reckless I submit, to the
gentleman raising this objection that far greater
injustice would lie done bj' allowing a minority
to override the will of the majority and prevent
all action. In such a case we must have suffi-
cient confidence in the action of the majority
not to allow them to lie overridden by the action
of one man, for whatever reason. And in this
ease it is seen that this judge had full notice
and declined to attend. And if we go on still
thither, and go beyond, not behind the return
of this board, t o the return of Somerset county,
■which was not included in that disirict retuin.
we shall hud that the vote of the county of
Somerset, if brought in and added to the di-
i triet return, would not chenge the result,
i 1 refer the House to the luud page of the
report, where they will tind the wte, a5- so
returned, of all the counties. Adams, Ped-
! ford, Franklin, Fulton, and Somerset. Tn
; Somerset the official retain wars h>r Ooffrotn
Lo'.l2, for Koonlx if youjidd that to
, the other returns, it gives tor Cotti'otli 11,Otw,
j foi Koont/ 10.074: leaving CoftVoth a majority
' of Oo OH tlie face of the official returns lroin
■ all the counties of the dibtriet.
i J!,.. Sf'OElLlLr>. "1 v.ish to inquire of tlie
■ centlcnian if in obtaining that result 1he sol-
I Siers votes are not entirely thrown out.
Mr. UPSON. Nothing appears on the face
of the returns to show that, but they arc'not
entirely thrown out; there arc soldiers' votes
here. If I may be permitted to go on now and
anticipate the course of rm argument, 1 think
1 can show that there are soldiers' votes counted
in these returns from every county.
Mr. SCOFIELD. What I mean to ask is
whether, ifthe soldiers' votes had been counted,
the majority would not have been in favor of
Mr. KoontzV By excluding a large portion of
the soldiers' vote they make 93 majority for
CofFroth.
Mr. D PSON. I will notice that when I come
to investigate that question, but at present that,
question does not arise ; when it docs, I think
1 can satisfy the gentleman that no number
of soldiers' votes that could legally liavo been,
counted would have altered the result.
We have shown that the vote of Somerset
county was not.in and the reason why it was
not in. We then show that the vote of Somerset
county would not have changed the result, and
therefore that there is lio excuse for going
behind the legal returns.
But suppose we waive that for the time being
and resort to what comes next in order under the
law of Pennsylvania, namely, the official returns
of the county boards, and what.do these show ? I
may say here in relation to these returns from
the county boards, that those from the three
counties of Franklin, Fulton and .Somerset are
admitted by both parties to be signed by all the
return judges, and to be genuine returns. No
question is raised about them. Then from
Adams and Bedford counties there are what are
called majority and minority returns, and those
were both submitted and referred to the com-
mittee.
And here I wish to allude to a point which
my friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] noticed
iu'the opening of my argument. Jnthe minority
report tiie objection is made that the majority
returns are admitted only in connection with the
minority returns. The one is admitted and the
other is"admitted. I do not question anything
in relation to that point, they arc both admitted
for tlie purpose of investigation.
But the question at once come.-- up in regard
to their legality and effect. The identity oi the
papers is admitted by both parties, undisputed
bv either of them. VVhen we consider the ma-
jority and minority returns the question comes
up. which is the fegaf paper? V, e will see by
reference to the opinion of the attorney general
that the majority return is the legal return, and
the minority return lias no legal effect what-
ever. 'That opinion of the attorney general is
quoted in the report of the majority o£ the com-
mittee on p'lge o of their report. There was
a judicial district embraced within this con-
gressional district, which district was composed
of the counties of Franklin, Bedford, Somerset,
and Fulton. I will here read from the report
of the majority of the Committee of Elections,
as follows :
" But it is claimed on tho part of Mr. Ivoontz that
all the return judges m'eaeh county must sign and
ceitify the returns ef that county; that thcjud?cs
must act as a unit, and that if they do not so unite m
the certificate, the certificate is void and the
return in valid. Asiiiiifarpo-itioiiwastukcuoyaDem-
oo'-atae district board of return judges of the counties
,, of Franklin. Fulton, Bedford, and boiuerset, com-
I po^iosr the sixteenth judicial district ot Pennsylvania,
din regard to a return of soldiers' votes for judge, ecr-
i| lified bv the maionty of tlie county return judees pi-
-1 Bedford, the same as in this ease, (paper 'J, and said
«! district retui n jud^e.=i resumed to reiect the return
ufs'jldkra'votcs ior judge, s-'o certified by the mojor-
'i ifv ot' the return judges of Bedford connty,_ because
ji «aid return was not signed by the remaining nine
M return indues uf said lomity. and in thisvva> ovcr-
|! wv-e the majoniv for Kin?, the Virion caiididr.teior
i jud^e and crave the ccrtieate to Kimmcll, the JDemo-
! j cratie candidate, but included in their return a state-
j| m en t ofthi? soldiers' v ote, and the fact of their action
[' in regard to it."
j| And the Governor referred the matter to the
il attorney general of the Commonwealth, "because
jf i f the^e voces were rejected one manwas elected,
!i if they were counted another man was elected
( rtsiudue. , , jT
ii Mr. PAIXE. I would not interrupt the A^n-
li tl ema'n, as liis time is passing away,, but I desire
H to ask him a question. My question is tins:
