892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
to the prothonotary of the court, who is to
certify them to the district judges. What is
the law V
" Sec. 4. Before opening the poll on the day of elec-
tion, the electors present at each of the places afore-
said shall elect, viva, voce, three persons present at the
time and having the qualifications of electors, for the
judges of said election; and the judges so elected shall
then appoint two of the persons present, who shall ho
qualified to act as clerks of said election: and the
judges shall prepare boxes or other suitable recep-
tacles ior the ballots."
Now, what further?
"Sec. 5. Beforo any votes shall be received, said
judges and cl eilts shall cach take an oath or affirmation
that he will perform the duties of judge or clerk (as
the ease may be) of said election, according to law and
to the best of his abilities; and that he will endeavor
.to prevent fraud, deceit, or abuse, in conducting the
same, whiehoath oraffirmation any ofthe said judges
or clerks, so elected or appointed, may administer to
each other: and'thesameshallbeinwriting,01 partly
written and partly printed and signed by said judges
and clerks, and certified to by the party adminisleiing
the same and attached to or entered upon the poll-
book, and there signed and certified as aforesaid."
These are the express provisions of the law
made in this ease, because those elections were
to take place out of the State. And it was
found under the former law, as I am credibly
informed, which this law changed, where there
were no poll-books and tally-lists required to
be returned in this specific way, gross frauds
had been perpetrated in Philadelphia, and in
one ease the sheriff elected by so-called sol-
diers' votes was afterward turned out on an
investigation of the election, the returns being
found to be forged or fraudulent. And I look
upon this law as designed to prevent the per-
petration of such frauds in elections.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman whether in the law to which he re-
fers there is not a provision that no informali-
ties in the holding of the elections by the sol-
diers in the camps shall be allowed to defeat
their purpose; that their votes shall be counted
and the returns received, notwithstanding any
informality. If the gentlertian admits that such
is the fact, then, considering this strong pro-
vision of the Legislature, designed to protect the
soldiers against the consequences of any errors
which they, unaccustomed to such duties, might
commit in reference to the formalities of the
elections, I ask the gentleman this question:
if he cannot, for the sake of securing the rights
of our patriotic soldiers, consent to waive any
informalities or errors which their returns may
exhibit, why is he so extraordinarily liberal
in waiving all the informalities of these return
judges at home? The gentleman has been ar-
guing for an hour to show that there were great
informalities in the action of the leturn judges.
Yet he is willing to waive all those informalities
when they would operate against Mr. Coffroth,
while he is not willing to waive some little in-
formalities in the returns of the soldiers' vote,
although the act of Assembly under which the
soldiers in the field voted declares expressly
that no informality shall invalidate their action.
Mr. UPSON. I have not been arguing on
formalities. I have been stating what I con-
sider to be the law as enunciated by the attor-
ney general of Pennsylvania and by the courts
of that State; and I maintain that admitting
the fact that certain officers who were in the
minority did not do their duty does not invali-
date the action of the majority, and that the
action of the latter is to lie regarded as perfectly
legal.
But, sir. the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scofikui] has not correctly cited the lan-
guage of the law of that .State in reference to the
soldiers' vote. Its language is, "no uieie in-
formality," not "no informality." There is a
vast difference between the phraseology of the
act and the phraseologv cited by the gentleman.
Mr. SCOFIELD. There is not much differ-
ence between the two phrases.
Mr. PAINE. 1 wish to ask the gentleman
whether the provision ofthe law of Pennsylva-
nia, which I am about to read, does not apply
to the election held in this ease as well as to
all other elections, whether held at home or in
the field:
"Xt shall not be lawful for said judges or clerk=, in
casting up the votes which shall appear to have been
given, as shown by the certificates under the ,-:ev eniy-
sixthandsevonty-scventh sections of this net, to omit
or reject any part thereof, except where, in the opin-
ion of said judges, such certificate is so defective as
to present the same from being understood and com-
puted in adding together the number of votes."
I wish also to ask the gentleman whether the
law which applies only to elections in the field
does n ot contain this provision:
"No mere informality in the manner of carrying
out or executing any;of the provisions of this act shall
invalidate any election he'd under the same, or au-
thorize the return thereof to be rejected or set aside."
Mr. UPSON. The first section which the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paixe] lias
quoted is a part of the general election law of
Pennsylvania. The second is a provision of
the soldiers' voting law. The question which •
the gentleman asks is substantially the same as
that just propounded by my friend from Penn-
sylvania. If the gentlemen had allowed me to
go on I should have reached the point which
they suggest.
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. UPSON. Certainly.
Mr. THAYEK. The gentleman has referred,
I believe, to an instance in which two compa-
nies voted together, and the return is certified,
I think he said, by the officers of the two com-
panies. I desire to ask the gentleman whether,
in that case the poll-books and tally-lists ac-
companying the return showed the respective
companies to which the voters were returned
as having belonged.
Mr. UPSON. The return is printed in the
report; and I cannot answer the gentleman
without referring to that document.
Mr. THAYEK. The question is very mate-
rial as regards the particular case which the
gentleman puts. If the poll-books and tally-
lists accompanying the return show that every
man who voted belonged either to company B
or company G, and also show to which of those
companies each voter belonged, and if the
commanding officers certify to that return, it
seems to me to furnish so complete a guarantee
against any possible fraud iu the return that
such a case would clearly come within the sav-
ing clause of the act of Assembly, which pro-
vides that no informality shall deprive the sol-
diers of their votes. It w_-.s with this view that
I addressed my inquiry to the gentleman.
Mr. DAWES. Suppose this to have been
just so; suppose this to have been as intimated
bv my friend from Pennsylvania, and it goes
before the return judges, the liberal statute of
Pennsylvania says that the return judges shall
not reject any return for mere informality, if in
their opinion, (I call his attention particularly
to this.) if in their opinion it is so far formal
that they can ascertain the facts, or something
to that effect. Suppose the return judges were
of the opinion that this return he has suggested
was so far informal that they could not accept
it, and suppose they made a mistake. I sup-
pose if my friend and I had been those return
judges we would have thought different!}'; but
suppose these return judges thought it was so
informal that they made a certificate without
taking it in, what I want to ask is, whether when
that certificate comes up and we are not asked
to go back, but only to consider a prima facie
case, we ought to go back of that certificate ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. There is no provision that
in the opinion of those judges they shall inval-
| idate any election 
,, Mr. DAWES. The law in another jilaee
\ expressly says what I have stated.
Mr. THAYER. I inquire for information
in regard to the point made by the gentleman
from Michigan 011 the theory that the House
might be able, in conscqucnee of the fact ap-
parent on the returns so far held by both par-
ties in this case, to go behind those original
returns and inspect the papers in possession of
the committee, which contain the original re-
turns upon which the board acted.
Mr. UPSON. Perhaps the inquiry was
proper enough at the time. If I had been
permitted to go on I would have analyzed the
whole law, and would have referred to all these
points without any inquiry on the part of any
gentleman. If tho gentleman from Wisconsin
will permit ine, I will say that the law he first
quoted has been in existence since 1809, and
that under that law the decision was made to
which I have referred in the Philadelphia Re-
ports. I wish to call his attention to the fact
that the prothonotary or the district judges
have to determine the identity or genuineness
of any. paper before them.
Mr. PAINE. I wish to correct an evident
misunderstanding of the law of Pennsylvania,
not on the part of the gentleman, but on the
part of others. The law allows soldiers from
two hundred companies to vote at the same pre-
cinct. Indeed, the members of a thousand com-
panies may vote at one precinct, provided they
are not organized compauies. What we say
is, there is nothing on the face of the return to
warrant, but everything to negative, the conclu-
sion that these were two organized companies;
and we assume it as clear that they were two
detachments, and could vote at one place. Will
the gentleman point out anything which contra-
dicts it?
Mr. UPSON. The law provides there shall
be a poll at each company.
Now, I have stated the general law to which
tho gentleman has alluded, and which since
1839 has existed in the State of Pennsylvania.
I have referred to the decision of Judge Lud-
low, which is to be found on page 360 of the
Philadelphia Reports. I will read from Judge
Ludlow's advice to the prothonotary and return
judges. He says:
" Yourofiiceissimplyministerial. You are toopen
the papcrarcccived by you and examine them, to dis-
cover if they contain the company returns, and if a
paper presents itself to your notice which you arcsat-
isfied is a palpable forgeiy, and thereloic 110 return,
it is not a paper of which you can take any notice;
but if the paper is of doubtful authenticity, it mny bo
a ' return,' and you are not'to judge upon the validity
of any such docximent."
But still further in relation to this election
law. I was speaking about the necessity, as
those elections took place outside of the State,
of having these provisions in the law, and the
reason why they were incorporated, namely,
for the greater security of the soldier whose
vote might otherwise be tampered with and
forged returns made, as was the case in New
York where the votes returned were differed
fiom the votes put in the ballot-box. I hold
that the returns should have been made up and
certified as the law required. But how were
they made up? The law says:
"Separate poll-books shall be kept, and separate
returns made, for the voters of each eity or county.
The poll-books shall name the company and regi-
ment, and the place, post, or hospital in which such
election is held. The county and township, city, bor-
ough, ward, precinct, or election district of each voter
shall be indorsed opposite his name on the poll-books.
Each clerk shall keep one o-l said poll-books, so that
there may be a double list of voters "
"At the close of the polls the number of voters shall
be counted and set down at the toot of the list of vot-
ers, and certified and signed by the judges and at-
tested by the clerks."
"As a check in counting, each clerk shall keep a
tally-list for each county from which votes shall have
been received, which tally-list shall constitute a part
ofthe poll-book."
See how carefully they sought to protect the
rights of soldiers so as not to allow him to be
imposed upon by fraudulent returns.
'4ken again:
"After the examination of the tickets shall be com-
pleted, the number of votes ior cach person in tho
county poll-books as aforesaid shall be enumerated
under the inspection of the judges, antf set down as
hereinafter provided m the torm of the poll-book.
" The following shall be substantially the form of
the poll-books to bo kept by the.indues and clerks of
election, filling in tho blanks carefully."
The form of the poll-book is then given.
"A return in writing shall be made in each poll-
book, setting forth in words, at length, the whole
number of ballots cast for each officer, (except ballots
rejected,) the name of cach person voted for, and tho
number of votes given to cach person, for each differ-
ent office; which ieturn shall be certified as correct,
signed by the judges and attested by the clerks; such
return shall be substantially as follows."
The form of return is then given.
Now, I wish to call the attention of my friend
from Wisconsin [Mr. PaixeJ to the tabular lists
which he has made here of votes given, to show
him that not only is his constx*uction of the law
