I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
there is any question raised as to the identity
of any of the papers submitted by either party.
Mr. PAINE. I v.'ill answer the gentleman
as i pioceed m the case. I here is no dispute
as to the Governor's proclamation ; there is
no dispute that the return of the Coffroth dis-
trict board was prepared by the men who ap-
pear to have signed it and presented to the
Governor ; there is no dispate that the return
of the. Kooniz district, board was prepared and
sent or presented to the Governor by those who
appear to have signed it; there is'no dispute
that the county board returns of Franklin. Fid-
ton, and Somerset, were signed by all the
judges whose names appear to be attached
thereto, or that they are all proper and correct
returns. But when we came to the county
board returns of Adams and Bedford counties,
it was insisted on the one hand that thepapers
which were signed by the alleged majorities of
the judges of those two boards were lawful and
correct returns, and on the other hand that the
returns made by the alleged minorities of these
two boards actually included the whole legal
soldiers' vote, and were therefore better than
the two majority returns of Adams and Bedford
counties, which did not include these soldiers'
returns which should have been included, and
were ttierefoie^atteily and absolutely void.
Mr. UPSON. d he gentleman iToc-s not an-
swer my question. It is as to the identity and
genuineness of the papers.
Mr. PAINE. I have answered it. It was
admitted on all sides that these papers were
signed by ihose whose names purported to be
attached to them. But their official character
was disputed, and the main object of this inves-
tigation was to determine the legality of those
returns.
^Mr. STE\ F\~S. Hnvingthe several returns
with the certified number of votes, what au-
thority have we, on the prima facie case, to
inquire into the legality of these'votes?
Mr. PAINE. That brings me to the next
question which I was aboutto consider. There
were presented to the Governor as a basis of
his proclamation under the law of Pennsylva-
nia. and there has been presented to this House,
as the basis for a prima Jucie claim on the part
of each of these parties, two papers which pur-
port to be district board returns for that con-
gressional district, of which, to speak more
strictly, one purports to be such a return and
the other to be a return for four of the live
counties of the district. One of these shows
that Mr. Koontz received a majority of all the ;
votes cast in that district, and was therefore i
legally elected. The other shows that Mr. Col- I
frolh received a majority of the votes cast in I
four counties of that district, and is therefore ]
declared to be elected.
Mr. Speaker. I will show that this return in
favor of Mr. Coffroth is on its face a nullity.
I will show that the return of Mr. Koontz is
upon its face absolutely perfect. I will also
show before I conclude that of the four men
who signed the district board return in favor
of Mr. Cofiroth. only two had the shadow of
a right to sit in that board, the, opinion of
the attorney general of the State of Pennsyl-
vania and the majority of the committee to the !
contrary notwithstanding. I shall show that '
of those two who had the shadow of a right to
sit in that board, neither had a right that can j!
be admitted without the gra\est doubt by this i|
House. :j
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to ask my friend !|
from V iseon.-in a question, to enable me to i
form mv own judgment. On page 2 of the 1
report of the eomuiiuee I find a paragraph in 1
these words: js
Aided by the light thus thrown unon the case, the ;j
committee were unanimously of opinion that the
!;;-i - i.i- siirnui-r th" said return in favor of ;
iviioiity^ woic not the legally constituted hoard of I
retnrnjudge.s tor said distr'u I, and had no lawful [
inUij.Hit > u, lilalo-;iny such n.tu) n. and that the four I
pors'in^ tbo saol return in favor of Mr, Cof-
Stoth were- a in eoiey ot the legal return judges, and
tile nj.ly 1-!1V [at Ijo.u ,1. ' jj
a'ow, 1 want to know if the gentleman con-
troverts that passage in the report? My vote ;;
will turn very much on this fact. I!
895
Mr. PAINE. When the gentleman speaks
ot " that passage in the report," I take it he
does not mean a passage in the views of the
minorilv.
Mr. SPALDING. I -want to know if you
dispute that ^paragraph.
Mr. PATNE. The statement the gentleman
has read is found in the majority report. In
reply, I will read a passage from the minority
report, which is found about the middle of page
17 of the printed reports.
Mr. SPALDING. Will the gentleman an-
swer my question? Does he controvert the
paragraph I have read ?
Mr. PAINE. Of course we controvert it;
of course we deny it. The committee were not
only not unanimous in that opinion, but every
one of the four members wdio signed the mi-
nority report disputes it. I will read the an-
swer we have made ; referring to Adams and
Bedford counties, we say :
"Neither those returns nor the judges who bore
them had any place ill either of the district boards."
And again, on page 19 :
"Looking behind the return of the district board,
we find, as the attorney general did, that the district
juugesoiAdams and Ledtord counties were selected
by majorities of their respective county boards ; and
we alsofind. what the attorney general had no occa-
sion to inquire into, that the, retmns borne by those
judges were nullities, and that therefore neither the
returnsnorth oirbearors bad anyplace in the board."
Mr. DAWES. I would like to ask my friend
from "Wisconsin a question.
Mr. PAINE. Ceitainly,
Mr. I ) ,Y\\ ES. I wish to ask him if he holds
that the board which signed what is called the
Koontz return was a legal board.
Mr. PAINE. I hold that it was an illegal
I board.
|_ Mr. DAWES. Then I would ask my friend
if that was not also the opinion of his associates
■who signed the minority report.
Mr. PAINE. Perhaps 1 did not quite under-
stand the gentleman's question.
Mr. DAWES. I ask my friend if he is of
the opinion now that the board thatsigned what
is called tliejvooutz return was a legal board.
Mr. PAINE. lam not; I am of the opinion
that it was an illegal one.
ilr. DAW ES. \V as that the opinion of his
associates of the minority?
Mr. PAINE. It was."
Mr. DAWES. Then I think the report of the
committee is true when they say that the com-
mittee were unanimously of the opinion that
it was an illegal board. I think my friend from
"Wisconsin must have misunderstood the ques-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio, j Mr. Spald-
ixg.] I understand liim now to admit, speak-
ing for the four minority member) of the com-
mittee, that the Koontz board was an illegal
board as it was constituted there. That cer-
tainly was the opinion of the majority of the
committee, and if it was the opinion of the mi-
nority ako, that makes it as nearly a unanimous
opinion as well might be.
Mr. PAINE. ] am sorry the gentleman from
Massachusetts did not listen more carefully to
the paragraph the gentleman from Ohio read.
It contains two statements. The first is that
the committee were unanimously of the opinion
that the Koontz board was illegal; and the sec- j
ond is that they were unanimous in the opinion
that the Coffroth board was legal. j
"message i-'uom the senate. |
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, 1
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed bills of the following tides; in ,
which he had been directed to a.-k the concur :
renee of the House, namely:
Senate bill (No. S3) in relation to the Court
of Claims: '•
Senate bill (No. oft) granting a pension to j
Mary C. Hamilton : !
Senate bill (No. 82) granting a pension to ;
Satah Fitz^ibbon : ,
Senate bill (No. 110) to extend the benefit
of the pension law to arlitieers ; and
Senate bill (No. 112) for the relief of the j
heirs of James Bawdin. !
ORDER OF PROCEEDING TO-MORROW
Mr. STEVENS. I will take this occasion
to interrupt the business under consideration
for a moment to submit a motion which I think
should be decided now. Several gentlemen, I
understand, desire to make speeches upon the
general subject of the President's message. I
would suggest that the House now agree to meet
to-morrow for debate only on the President's
message.
Mr. PLANTS. Meet at ten o'clock.
Mr. STEVENS. Some members say meet
at ten o'clock. Those who desire to speak
ought to govern that.
1 he SPEAKER. The first part of the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] iu reference to restricting the
session of to-morrow- to debate only, can be
decided by the vote of the majority. The sec-
ond part, in relation to meeting at ten o'clock,
will require unanimous consent.
Hie question was taken upon devoting to-
morrow to debate only upon the President's
message; and it was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move thatthc House
meet to-morrow at ten o'clock a. m., as some
gentlemen who desire to speak seem willing to
run the risk oHiaving an audience at that time.
^Ir. BROOKS. On behalf of the reporters
ot the Globe, whom we are working almost to
death, 1 must object to that proposition. I
want them to have a liitle rest.
ilr. ST E\ ENS. Oh! if the gentleman makes
it a question of humanity, [laughter,] I will
withdraw the motion.
PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTEDELECTION AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to make a remark
tothe gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.]
As I understand from this discussion, the ques-
tion of the legality of those boards is now in
question. By the law of Pennsylvania the elec-
tion judges, not the board, make out the returns
and send them to the boards. The boards un-
der our law have no authority to judge of any-
thing in regard to the votes, either their lcsal-
ity or anything else; they have only to add
them up.
Now, I would ask, why are we discussing
this question of the legality of these returns by
the hoard, if the returns made by these elec-
tion judges are here in any shape so that we can
act upon them?
Mr. DAWES. If my friend from Pennsyh a-
nia [Jlr. Stkvens] had listened patiently to the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Upson,] and
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Painio,]
he would understand why they are doing it.
Mr. STEVENS. I want to get at.the mar-
row of the thing, without ■- o much bone.
Mr. DAWES. It is this: it is because the
majority of the committee believe that, one part
is illegal, and the minority of the committee
believe the other part is illegal.
_ Mr. STEVENS. Does it make a particle of
difference whether they are legal or illegal?
If wo have the vote sent up here, what differ-
ence does it make ?
Mr. PAINE. I will come to that question
directly. I say that of these two district board
returns, the one in favor of Mr. Coflroth was
upon its face an absolute nullity. And I ask
the attention of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. [Mr. Stevens,] who desires to under-
stand this case, to what I now have to say.
The district board return in favor of Mr. Cof-
froth was upon its lace an absolute nullity as a
return. That- is the opinion of the attorney
general, who gave that advice to the Governor
when the Governor consulted him as to its
validity as the basis of his proclamation.
On the other hand, the district board return
in favor of Mr. Koontz is upon its l'aee abso-
lutely perfect. The Coffroth return is a nul-
lity, because it purports to bethe return of only
four counties of that district, and not of all
the counties. It shows upon its face that the
vote of Somerset county was excluded. It
does not purport upon its face to be the legal
return of that district. On the other hand, if
you look at the Koontz return you will find that
