1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
899
CLJSKK TO SERGEANT-AT-ARMS.
Mr. ANDERSON. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution, and ask that
it be referred to the Committee of Accounts :
Rewhed, That theSercfeant-at-Arinsbe authorized
to employ an additional clerk in his oilme.
Mr. FINCK, I object.
PENSIONS IX CIVIL SERVICE.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois, by unanimous
consent introduced a joint resolution relative to
pensions in the civil service ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee oil Invalid Pensions.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to proceed to the consideration of
the private bills on the Speaker's table for
reference to their appropriate committees.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. With the
condition that they shall not be-brought back
by a motion to reconsider.
Mr. BANKS. Certainly.
No objection was made, and the House pro-
ceeded to the consideration of private bills upon
the Speaker's table.
J. B. RITTEXIIOL^TC.
A bill (S. No. SO) for the relief of J. B. Ritten-
honse. fleet paymaster of the Pacific squadron,
was then taken from the Speaker's table, read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
.7AXE W. NETUAWAY.
A bill (S. No. 115) for the relief of Jane W.
Nethaway was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
F. A. PATTERSON.
A bill (S. No. 117) for the relief of P. A.Pat-
terson. late captain of the third Virginia cavalry,
was taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
MATiV C. HAMILTON.
A bill (S. No. 50) granting a pension to Mary
C. Hamilton was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
IIEIItS OF JAMES BAWDIN.
A bill (S. No. 1 i'l) for the relief of the heirs
of James Bawdinwas taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, andreferred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
SARAII FITZGIDBGN.
A bill (S. No. 82) granting a pension to
Sarah Fitzgibbon was taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
MINERALS OF TIIE UNITED STATES.
Mr. BANKS. There is on the Speaker's
table a joint resolution of the Senate m relation
to the exhibition of specimens of the minerals
of the United States, which I ask to have taken
up and referred to the Committee on Mines
and Mining. "
The title of the joint resolution^was reported
as follows: Joint reflation (,S. No.'-M for the
exhibition of gold, silver, and other minerals,
the product of the United States.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time. .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let it be
read. ^ T
The joint resolution waq read at lcugtn. it
authorizes the Seer.-tarv ol the Interior to set
apart in Hie Patent Office building such space
as may be spared for the arrangement and ex-
hibition. in proper caocs. of such specimens or
gold, silver, and other minerals as may be con-
tributed for the purpose by eitiz .ns of the I. ni-
ted Slates; the specimens to be considered as
deposit-:, to be duly receipted for, and to re-
main the property ol the depositors, and sub-
jeei to their orders.
Mr. RANKS. I move that this joint resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on Mines
and Mining.
The motion was agreed to.
SEWERAGE IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. TNOF.RSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to establish a uniform system
of sewerage in the city of Washington, and for i
other purposes; which was read a first and j
second time, referred to the Committee for the j
District of Columbia, and ordered to be printed, j
-WAGOX ROAD TO MONTANA, ETC.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to communicate to the House of Represent-
atives the report ol Colonel James A. S.iwycro, sut>f r-
intendent of the wason road Irom Niobrara to Vir-
ginia City, made in 18G5, of his explorations, survey,
and location ot said road, and also the repoit of
\\r. AV. Brookins sapeiintendent of the wagon road
from the western line of Minnesota to Montana,
showing his exploration and surveys.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for
executive information, unanimous consent is
necessary for its consideration on this day.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
JUDICIAL PItOCEEDTXGS.
Mr. COOK. I ask unanimous consent to
report a bill from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, simply that it may be printed and
recommitted. It is a bill to amend an act
entitled " An act relative to habeas corpus
and regulating judicial proceedings in certain
eases,'' approved March o, 18153.
Mr. HARDING-, of Kentucky. I ask that
the bill be read.
The bill was read in exienso.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
reporting of the bill for the purpose indicated?
Mr. HARDING-, of Kentucky. I object.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. This bill is pend-
ing before the Committee on the Judiciary;
and the only design now rs to have it printed,
in order that it may be in the possession of
members of the House. Otherwise it must be
reported without being printed.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Let the bill
take the regular course. It is ameasure which
is designed to rob the State courts of their
rightful jurisdiction ; and 1 do not sec why wo
should make any departure from the regular
order for the purpose of facilitating its passage.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the gentleman
from Kentucky desires it, the motion to re-
commit can be adopted, with the understand-
ing that the bill shall not be bionght back by
a motion to reconsider. Tn that way the bill
will occupy the same position that it now docs.
Mr. SMITH. I trust that my eollcague will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. HARDING-, of Ke ltucky. Does the
u-entlcman see anything in the bill to admire?
° Mr. SMITH. I do see in it a great deal to
admire. _ ,
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I do not.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Kentucky insist on his objection?
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I do.
The SPEAKER. Then the order for the
printing of the bill cannot be made at this time.
EXPORTATION OE ARMS TO MEXICO.
Mr. McKEE, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution:
Urmheil. That the President ])? requested to com-
mum-aie to the Hira<c, if nol inconsistent with toe
public interest, any correspondence or ot.ier informa-
tion i'l lios-et.sion of the State Department, m ie?ardx
to General Order No. 17, issued bvthc commander ot
he d,'...u-tm,m of California, and dated San Fran-
ei-^co. October 11. i6si\m-truruus me I mted fctatej
officers coiamtindm^ the districts of Arizona and
southern California to .-aiffey no arm.- ormunition?.of
war tobe exported over tneti out.or; and wnctber this
discrimination i*a breach ot our neutrality.towaid
our.-i=tcr republic of Jlcxieo; ana whether the txo\-
ernnu'ut It .is taken any action in tiie proniiaos.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for ex-
ecutive information, unanimous consent is
neeessarv for its consideration <ra this day,
Mr. BANKS. 1 object; and 1 move that the
re.-olutiou be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
Mr. McKEE. I consent to that.
The motion of Mr. Banks was agreed to.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce the following resolution;
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
bo directed to inquire into the expediency and prac-
ticability of assessing the major part of our internal
duties upon distilled spirits, tobaeeo, and cotton, and
dispensing with those which affect our small domes-
tic manufactures and the validity of instruments of-
writing.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
SWAMP AND OVERFLOWED LANDS.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to amend an act en-
titled "An act for the relief of purchasers and
locaters of swamp and overflowed lands," ap-.
proved March 2, 1855; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
STENOGRAPHERS FOR FEDERAL COURTS.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to authorize the appoint-
ment of stenographers in certain courts of the
United States; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The bill authorizes the judges of the district
court of the United States for the southern dis-
trict of New York, of the circuit court of the
United States for the southern district of New
York, and of the district and circuit courts for
the eastern district of New York, to appoint
stenographers for said courts, as follows: one
stenographer each for the district and circuit
courts for the southern district, and one for the
district and circuit courts for the eastern dis-
trict jointly. It is made the duty of the stenog-
raphers so" appointed to take full stenographic
notes of all proceedings of trials had in said
courts, and to make a transcript of such notes
whenever the judge may so direct; and also to
furnish a copy to any party to a suit who may
demand the same upon payment of the fees
allowed for such copy. The bill also provides
for the compensation of such stenographers.
And then, on motion of Mr. RADFORD, (at
four o'clock p. m.,) the House adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 17, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C, B. Boyxtox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PRESIDENT'S -MESSAGE.
The SPEAKER stated, under the order of
the House, no business was in order except
debate as in the Committee of the V hole on the
state of the Union on the President's message,
on which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Cook] was entitled to the floor.
rbcoxstruction.
Mr. COOK. Every individual citizen of
each Stale in the Union has rights in every other
State—the right to acquire, possess, and dis-
pose of property ; the right to fix his domicile
in anv State, and to enjoy every civil and polit-
ical right or privilege possessed by the citizens
of such State ; and to require that every State
and every citizen of every State should con-
tribute a' proper share toward the common
defense of the nation and bear a proportionate
part of all public burdens. And these lights
he has, not bv lirtue of any State authority,
but by virtue of the Constitution of the United
States. The individual citizcn sustains no
relation to the national Government through
or by authority of the State governments, but
through the Constitution of the United States ;
and this Constitution, which secures to him
these rights in each State, is superior in author-
ity. in respect to questions affecting the whole
people, to any State authority. Henee it is
impossible that the action of any State can
take such State out of the Union in such sense
that the rights of the citizens of any other State
shall be abrogated therein, or the authority of
the United Sfates Government, which is the aofc
