900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
of all the people of all the States, shall be sub-
verted or impaired.
State governments are political corporations,
and derive their existence and powers as States
in the Union from the assent of the whole peo-
ple of the United States. The whole people of
any State can go into rebellion against the na-
tional Government, and in such case there can
be no State government in such State acting in
accord with the national Government under the
Constitution. And so when such a controlling
majority of the people of any State have thrown
off their allegiance to the Constitution and Gov-
ernment of the U nion that the political authority
of the State has been arrayed in active hostility
to the nation, then such State government is de-
stroyed and dead. It derives its life and power
from its accord with the Federal Constitution
and Government., and when it is hostile to them
it ceases to have power rightfully to bind any
loyal man in its borders. This must be con-
ceded by all who admit that the Constitution
and the laws enacted under it are the supreme
law of the land. Then it follows that a State
may go out of the Union in such sense as to lose
all right to exercise any authority in the Gov-
ernment, and all right to be represented in the
national councils.
It is said that there have always been loyal
men in those States who have all the rights of
representation in Congress that men in loyal
States have, and that their right in this respect
could not be affected by the action of any num-
ber of rebels in those States. The answer is. the
manner of the exercise of these rights must be
prescribed by State law : these men cannot act
except through State organizations. There must
be a Legislature to elect Senators and to pro-
scribe by law the manner of electing Represent-
atives, and the State governments necessary to
do this may be, and actually have been, entirely
destroyed in these southern States by the rebel-
lion.
The question whether these States are in or
out of the Union seems to me to be irrelevant
to this discussion, darkening counsel by words
without knowledge. There is no dispute, so far
as I am aware, upon two propositions: First,
the States lately in rebellion have never been
out of the Union in such sense that the laws
of the United States have not been rightfully
in full force in their bounds, or in such sense
that it has not been within the authority of Con-
gress to levy and collect taxes in those States,
or within the duty of the President to cause
the laws of the United States to be faithfully
executed to the full extent of the power which
he could bring to bear for that purpose; se cond,
that there has been a time extending through
nearly four years when there was no loyal Slate
organizations in those States, no States with
State gdvernments acting within the Union and
under the Constitution. Whether gentlemen on
this floor believe that the State ot South Caro-
lina has now a State organization capable of
electing members of the Senate of the United
States and of providing by law for the election
of members of this House or not. no one will
contend thai there has not been a time extended
for years when there was no Legislature in that
State capable of electing any man, however
loyal, to the Senate of the United States, or
capable of enacting any law right fully binding
any loyal man. Now. whether you call a Ktate
which in in this condition in the Union or out
of the Union, i« a mere question of words. I
should define it to lie within the Union for all
purposes of the execution of the national laws,
and without the Union in so far that it lias no
government organized in accordance with the
Constitution and acting in harmony with the
Federal Government or capable of exercising
any control in its affairs. When it is alleged
that certain gentlemen upon this floor agree
with the secessionists of the South because they
say that certain States have no State govern-
ments within the Union, the argument- is mani-
festly urueasonable and unfair, a mere trick of
words, because a dillevent meaning is attached
to the words "out ot the Union"' in the two
eases. The rebel means by that phrase out
from the control of the national law. The loyal
man means under the national law, but having
no State government capable of exercising any
share in the national Government.
That these States were not in the Union for
the purpose of electing President and Vice Pres-
ident at the last election was certainly the view
of those who voted for the following resolution,
which passed this House without dissent:
Yfhereas the inhabitants and local authorities of
the States of Virginia, North Carolina, South Caro-
lina, Georgia., Florida, Alabama. Mississippi, Louisi-
ana, Texas. Arkansas, and Tennessee rebelled against
the Government of the United States, and were in
such condition 011 the 8th day of November, 1864, that
no valid election for electors of President and Vice.
President of the United States, according to the Con-
stitution and laws thereof, was held therein on said
day: Therefore,
Me it resolved bit the Senate and House of Representa-
tive? of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the States mentioned in the preamble to
thisjoint resolution arc not entitled to i epresentation
in the Electoral Col lege for the choice of President and
Vice President of tho United States, for the term of
office commencing on tho4th day of March, 1865: and
no doctoral votes shall be received or counted from
said States concerning the choice of President and
Vice President for said term of office.
The real and practical question, however,
before us is this: when the relations between a
State and the Federal Union have been broken
by treason ; when the constitution of the State
under which it became one of the United States
is subverted; when the State has no relation to
the other States in the Union than that of a
public enemy; when this condition of affairs is
recognized and affirmed by every department
in the Government, by the Congress' in sol-
emnly declaring that such States are wholly in
rebellion, and forbidding loyal men from carry-
ing on any trade or commerce with them, by
the President in proclaiming their ports block-
aded, by the Supreme Court in solemnly de-
ciding that their ships and vessels are lawful
prizes of war; when the people have openly
thrown aside all allegiance to the national Gov-
ernment, and have required all who exercise
authority in the State to take an oath to over-
throw instead of to suppoit the Constitution,
how shall such State be restored to its former
relation to and authority in the national Gov-
ernment? By what action; whether by the
action of the President alone, either as Presi-
dent or as Commander-in-Chief of the Army,
or by the action of Congress and the President
as the law-making power ? This question I shall
briefly discuss. The Constitution provides that
the United States shall guaranty to each State
a republican form of government at some time
and in some manner ; then the United States,
including the whole law-making power, the
Congress as well as the President, must have
the right to pass upon the government of a
State, and to decide whether it isin accordance
with the Constitution. Accordingly this is done
when new States present their constitutions
and are received into the Union, or when they
come into the Union in pursuance of enabling
acts of Congress, in which the character of the
constitution to be framed has been limited and
defined. If these constitutions are afterward
legally altered, it is by virtue and in pursuance
of their own provisions, and the new govern-
ment retains the character of the old, to which
Congress lias given its assent. But suppose an
attempt should be made to change the govern-
ment of a State by a majority of the people in
a manner not authorized by the constitution in
force, but wholly independent of it, could the
State constitution be so changed without the
assent of Congress?
This is not a question of first impression. It
has been solemnly adjudicated by the highest
tribunal in the land. In 18-11 a portion of the
people of the State of Rhode Island attempted
to alter the organic law of that State, and a ease
afterward arose which was carried to the Su-
preme Court of the United States. In the trial
of this ease one party offered to prove that a
large majority of all the otcrs of the State of
Rhode Island voted for this new constitution
and approved it, and so the case stood precisely
as though it had been conceded that a majority
of the voters of that State hsid ordained tbat
constitution a,° the fundamental law of Rhode
Island.
The material question in that case was, what
was the legal State organization in Rhode
Island, and the Supreme Court do say where
the decision of that question rests. I quote
from the decision of the court in the case of
Luther vs. Bordell et al., Howard's Reports,
page 42:
"Tho fourth section of the fourth article of the
Constitution of the United States provides that tho
United States shall guaranty to evciy State in the
Union a republican form of government, and shall
protect each of them against invasion. Under this
article of the Constitution it rests with Congress to
decide what government is tho established ono in a
State; for, as the United States guaranty to eachState
a republican government, Congress must necessarily
decide what government is established in a State be-
fore it can determine whether tho established one is
republican; and when the Senators and Representa-
tives of a State are admitted into the councils ot the
Union the authority ot the government under which
they are appointed as well as its republican character
is reorganized by the proper constitutional authority,
and its decision is binding upon every other depart-
ment of the Government, and could not be questioned
in ajudieial tribunal. It is true that thecontest did
not last long enough to bring tho matter to this issue,
yet the right to dceide is placed there."
My colleague [Mr. Baker] referred briefly
to this decision ; and in reference to his remarks
upon it the honorable gentleman from New York
[Mr. Raymond] says:
" The decision of the Supreme Court, in the case of
tho Dorr rebellion in the State of Rhode Island, has
been quoted here to show that it was for Congress to
decide when a republican form of government, which
they are bound to guaranty, does exist in a State. I
have not that decision by me at this time. But I
think if gentlemen will rend it with special regard for
its language and especially qualifying clauses in it,
they will discover that the decision was to this effect:
that it was for Congress to decide what was a i epub-
lican torm ot government by deciding upon tho ad-
mission of members coming from that government,
or elected under it. This is the mode and :-eo;>o of
the action of Congress upon ttiis point, and having
decided it the members thus admitted arc members
of Congress, and laws in tho enactment of which they
take port aro binding upon alt the departments of
the Government. As I understand it, that is the ex-
tent to which upon that point that decision went."
I believe that if the honorable gentleman
from New Yoik will read the decision with
special regard for its language, lie will find that
this case is not limited as he supposes, and
that whatever it did decide, the points lie sug-
gests, which are, that Congress has the exclu-
sive right of deciding who are its own members,
and that when they are admitted, laws, in the
enactment of which they take part, are bind-
ing upon all the departments of Government,
were not even before the court. What was this
case? It was not a question whether one man
or another had been legally elected a member
of Congress from Rhode-Island ; it was not
whether laws enacted in part bv men whose
title to a seat in Congress was disputed were
valid laws—by no means ; and vet {hose would
have been the questions if the decision had the
extent only suggested by the gentleman from
New York. Bui the question was this: two rival
organizations were claiming to be the govern-
ment ofthe State of Rhode Island: an ofticcr act-
ing under the anthorityof one was prosecuted by
an adherent ofthe other. The only question was,
was the organization under which the plaintiff
was acting the legal Stategovernmont of Rhode
Island? It was conceded, for the purposes of
that case, that this government was the act of
the majority of the voters of Rhode Island. No
Senators or Representatives had as yet claimed
seats in Congress under its authority ; and tlie
decision was, that it was not a State govern-
ment until Congress had recognized it ; that no
other department of the Government could
give it this recognition : Congress alone could
breathe into it the breath of life. " It is true,"
say the court, "that the contest did not last
j• long enough to bring tho matter to this issue,
j, yet the right to decide is placed there, and not
j1 in the tribunals."
11 It, has been solemnly decided, therefore, by
I the highest tribunal in the land :
1. That the right to decide what govern-
j ment is the established one in any State is in
i Congress.
!| 2. The admission of Senators and Repre-
II sentatives is one mode of recognition by Con-
