902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
exists and their people are in arms against the
Government, they are to be controlled by mili-
tary government., and-when the rebellion ceases
they are at onec to be remitted to all their
rights' as States, and that it is purely in tlie dis-
cretion of the Coinmander;in-Chief to say when
these military governments shall cease. But
are not these military governments, while they
exist, under the control of Congress ? Is there
in our Government any purely military offi-
cer, whether he be Commander-in-Ohief of the
Army, Lieutenant General, or any other officer
who is independent of the law-making power?
Could not Congress, by law, provide that no
military officer should assume any function of
civil government, or regulate by law the extent
to which he might assume civil control? Did
not Congress during the war prescribe by law
what should be done by the military with slaves?
Congress, says the Constitution, shall have power
to make rules for the government of the land
and naval forces, including, as I suppose, the
commander of the forces and the military gov-
ernments administered by them.
Those who deny to Congress all right to legis-
late for these States lately in arms against the
Government must deny that military govern-
ment could be established at any time and for
any period in those States, that they must be
left to anarchy, or they must affirm, that there
is a military power in the Government superior
to the civil power, not under {he control of the
law-making power, and consequently not under
the control of law.
Congress has by law provided that in case of
insurrection in any State too strong for the civil
power to suppress, npou the demand of the
Legislature, or Governor, if the Legislature
could not be convened, the President shall call
out the militia to suppress it; but in the case
before us there was no such demand—Govern-
ors and Legislatures were rebels alike. The
President must see that the laws are faithfully
executed, and under this power troops were
called for and armies raised; but is it not too
clear for argument that, in simply enforcing the
laws, he must of necessity act in subordination
to the law-making power ?
If, then, any State which is rightfully under
the control of a military government is right-
fully under the control of Congress, ought not
Congress to determine when such military gov-
ernment should cease and such State resume
its relations with the General Government which
have been broken? That recognition by Con-
gress of the State government by the admission
of Senators and Representatives should not
be made until military control in those Slates
ceases to be a necessity, unless this military con-
trol can existafter such State has thus resumed
its equal place in the national Government.
The question then arises whether, when a
State is in full relation with the General Gov-
ernment, when the State government lias been
recognized by Congress, authority yet remains
in the President as Commander-in-Chief of the
Army to exercise military control in that State.
I admit that when an insurrection exists in any
State too strong to be suppressed by the State,
and when the proper State authority has called
upon the President for aid, that the commander
of the forces engaged in suppressing the insur-
rection may proclaim martial law, and may
for the time suspend the action of the civil tri-
bunals; but when a State has no legal State
government, and is ruled by military authority
alone, can a State government be organized,
and the relations between that government and
the national Government be fully restored, and
yet military government exist in the State ? In
other words, if the people of any State are in
rebellion and insurrection and so amenable to
military law, ought they to be represented in
Congress? If the rebellion has ceased and the
insurrection is suppressed and the loyal State
government restored, can mihtaiy government
longer be maintained in such State ? In another
form the question is_, can the President as Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army in any State
where no actual state of war is existing, set
aside the civil authority and annul the enact-
ments of the Legislature? If this is so, there
is no authority in this Government, State or
national, except the Executive. And this is
a fair statement of the question before us ; for
it is a matter of history that in six distinct
instances have the military authorities, acting
under the direction of the President in the
southern States, set aside the laws enacted by
the Legislatures of States which it is insisted
are fully reorganized and have resumed their
relations with the Union. If these governments,
organized under the direction of the Com-
"mander-in-Chief, are military governments,
such exercise of power was proper and right. If
they are State governments, as is claimed, with
equal authority in the Union with other States,
the doctrine insisted upon would place all State
governments within the control of the national
Executive. I affirm that until the rebel States
are loyal enough to remain peaceable members
of the nationaLUnion of their own accord and
without the coercion of the national armies,
they are not entitled to assist in governing the
nation.
In 1861 and 18G2 the doctrine was to some
extent received that although the loyal State
governments had been overthrown, and all the
men holding State offices and the controlling
majority of the voters were traitors, yet the
llepresentatives of such State might still remain
in Congress; and disloyal men held seats upon
this floor until the war began and then went
from these Halls to join the ranks of our ene-
mies in the field. Suppose all the Represent-
atives and Senators had held their seats, and
had thus retained the power in conjunction with
the northern men who always voted with them
to embarrass the action of the national Govern-
ment, (and there was no two-thirds majority of
loyal men to expel them at that time,) is it not
apparent to every man thatin those twoyears'our
country would have been ruined, and treason
would have triumphed? If we have learned
nothing by this experience, is it certain that
those who to-day would destroy the Govern-
ment if they could are equally dull of appre-
hension ? It is certainly possible that the men
who for four years have striven so earnestly to
overthrow this Government, and have periled
so much in their efforts to destroy it, cannot
safely be intrusted with the control of it; and
that to place the political power of the nation
in their hands would only give them a weapon
for its destruction more effective than the bay-
onets which they used against its life while they
had the power to do so. Certainly there are
precedents of this sort so fresh in our memories
that they cannot pass unheeded. Five years
ago men held seals iA this Hall and in the Sen-
ate, ay, and in the Cabinet of the President,
who were bound, so far as oaths can bind such
men, to support the Constitution of the United
States, and with the oath of God fresh upon
their lips were plotting and earnestly endeavor-
ing to secure its utter subversion. After four
years of bloody war has intensified every feel-
ing of bitterness then existing, have we the
entire assurance that oaths of loyalty enforced
by the power of the national armies will be
more binding and more effective than the oaths
which heretofore were so freely taken and so
basely broken? -Shall wc have no guarantees
from these men before we admit them once
more to make laws for loyal men ? Shall we
intrust to their decision the questions whether
we shall preserve the public faith by repaying
the money which loyal men among us have ad-
vanced to sustain the Government in the time
ot its need, and whether we shall pay the pen-
sions we have promised to the soldiers who, in
endeavoring to sustain the Government, have
by the hands of these same men been muti-
lated and disabled ?
But it is said that we refuse to admit loyal
men to seats in this House, and the names of
honorable and loyal gentlemen from the State
of Tennessee are sounded in our ears from day
to day as if this question were a purely per-
sonal one to them. I have the honor of the
acquaintance of some of them, and if the ques-
tion of their admission concerned them alone
I should rejoice to vote for their admission, but
it is not so.. The admission of these loyal men
from Tennessee means full recognition of the
State with all the powers belonging to any
State in the Union j it means the withdrawal of
military government, not the troops, perhaps,
but the Government, for it cannot be that it
will be claimed that the old axioms of the fathers
arc to be reversed and the civil power of a State
subordinated to the military power; it means
the abandonment of the Union men of that State
to the control of the Legislature and the courts
of that State, and that, too, when the G-overnor
of that State has publicly declared, in a letter
to the Speaker of this House—
" If the removal of the Federal troops from Ten-
nessee must necessarily follow upon the admission of
our congressional delegation to their scats, why then
and in that case the loyal men of Tennessee beg to be
without llepresentatives in Congress. I tell you, and
through you aJl whom it may'concern, that without a
law to dibfranehise rebels, and a force to carry out the
provisions ot that law, this State will pass into tho
hands of the rebels, and a terrible state of affairs is
bound to follow. Union men will be driven from the
State, forced to sacrifice what they have and seek
homes elsewhere. And yet Tennessee is in a much
better condition than any of the other revolted States,
and affords a stronger loyal population."
Where it is apparent that the judges whorare
holding their office by appointment of the Gov-
ernor could not be elected by the people, and
when the Union men of Tennessee are saying
to us such words as are contained in the memo-
rial of the Union State central committee—
" Supposing the supervising power of the General
Government withdrawn from Tennessee, and assum-
ing that, to some extent a>t least, the passions, preju-
dices, and resentments oi the majority of the people
will be reflected in their legislation, it is not difficult
to anticipate the true policy and the character of the
civil and judicial administration which will prevail.
It may be safely assumed—
"First. That so far as possible, in legislation and
the bestowal of patronage, and the management of
all public affairs, the late rebels will be the preferred
class, and that all tho acts of the rebel State govern-
ment, including the removal and destruction of tho
State banks and State treasury, the disarming and
conscripting tho people and the impressment ot their
property, and all the acts ofrebel officers, soldiers, and
guerrillas will be legalized. Those who have been
robbed, wounded, and imprisoned will go unredressed,
while thore who have inflicted those injuries will be
justified in law, as they now are in public sentimont.
"Second. As is even now the case in many locali-
ties, services rendered and wounds received in the
confederate cause will be passports to piefcnnent,
while to have taken sides with the cause of the Union
will be equivalent to a judgment of infamy, forever
consigning the offender to obscurity and disgrace.
" Third. If the Legislature does not vote thanks and
medals to southern heroes and unite with other south-
ern States to pay the confederate debt, it will bo from
foar or policy, and not from want of sympathy or
desire.
"Fourth. As far as possible, restrictions will be
thrown around the negro, and his elevation in the
scale of bcina: discountenanced, if not actually pro-
hibited ; he will be excluded from the courts, from com-
mon schools, and probably from all means of educa-
tion. from business and privileged occupations, and
perhaps from the acquisition of property.
" The returned rebel soldiers, and those who affiliate
with them, openly boastthatatthe ncxtgeneral elec-
tions they will obtain entire control of the State gov-
ernment. Indeed, it is now the case in manv coun-
ties, that those who have been most notorious for their
advocacy and support of rebellion are the first to re-
ceive the support of the people for office. Service in
the rebel urmy is, in many parts of the State, the best
pa.spost to position and power, while to have been
connected with the Union Army is regarded as affixing
a stigma, ' deeper and more indelible than the brand
upon the brow of Cain.'
" Under the appointing power, as exercised by Gov-
ernor Brownlow, we now have a loyal judiciary; yet
all their power and influence cannot prevent rebel
juries from practicing the grossest injustice toward
loyal men, while it is almost impossible to bring rebel
offondersto justice* Should thejudiciary of our State
fall into rebel control, sad indeed will be the condi-
tion of those who, trusting to the nation's faith, have
breasted the storm of treason here. In a social and
business point of view Union men and Union families
are proscribed and insulted."
The mere presence of troops in Tennessee
cannot prevent the ascendency of disloj'al men
in her Legislature, and unless, as in Mississippi
and in Georgia, the military actually do set aside
the acts of the Legislature, the Union men and
the freedmen can have no protection from us.
I believe that the State of Tennessee is perhaps
an exceptional case ; that more of her people
have been loyal during the war ; that she has
by law declared that black men may testify in
court and enjoy equal civil rights with white
men ; and I know that the men she sends here
are loyal men. What I want to know is this :
