1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
903
can those loyal men maintain their ascendency
in Tennessee? In recognizing them we recog-
nize those who shall come after them, when it
will be too late to deny such recognition. Can
loyal men hold the Legislature of Tennessee?
Will the judges appointed by Governor Brown-
low, not elected, be succeeded by loyal judges
elected by the people ? Will the Union men and
freedmen be safe if we place it out of our power
to help them? If we recognize the State govern-
ment of Tennessee without exaeling any guar-
antees against the assumption of the rebel debt,
shall we not set a.precedent which it will be
unsafe to follow with other southern States? I
do not answer these questions ; I only ask
them. I look for the answer to the committee
whom we have charged to inquire, and I will
await their answer, at least until 1 am willing
by my vote to brand them with bad faith or
culpable remissness in their high duty.
Bat there can be no taxation without repre-
sentation. The two are inseparable. The ar-
gument so persistently urged surely has not
been well considered, or it would be seen that
men may rightfully be deprived of representa-
tion for such period as may be necessary for
the safety of the Government; and the very
men who urge this maxim of 110 taxation with-
out representation are acting upon this theory.
Whom do they ask to be represented upon this
floor? All Tennessee? No ; a minority of the
people of Tennessee. The State government
they ask to be recognized forbids a majority of
the tax-payers of the State irom voting, (white
tax-payers.) 'They ask recognition, because
they exclude rebels from voting. It is taxa-
tion without representation on a grand scale,
and it is necessary and just. Therefore, the
anpUeation of the maxim in question is unjust,
and 1 he position of those who urge it is obviously
illogical. If it is true that the military must be
superior to the civil authority in those States,
shall we recognize the supreme authority of the
civil power and withdraw all military protec-
tion from loyal men at a time when evidence
is accumulating before us that suits are being
brought by hundreds in some of the southern
States against Union men who have served in
the armies of the nation for acts done under
command of their officers: and that these courts
are deciding that the command of a military
superior furnishes no defense, because no offi-
cer had the right to direct that private property
be taken for public use without compensation,
and the Union soldier is held liable for prop-
erty of rebels taken at a time when the Army
was compelled to subsist upon the country
thiough which it moved, and made to respond
in da.naaes for acts without which the couutry
couid not have been defended? But on the
other hand, when guerrillas are sued for injuries
to the property of Union men, these same courts
hold that there is no liability, the United States
having recognized them as belligerents, and
their act- are acts of war; and so Union men
are plundered and oppressed. Evidence is not
wanting showing also that when Union men
bring suits to recover estates which lia\e been
confiscated bv sentence of the con fedei ate courts
on account of the loyally of their owners, the
State courts are deciding that those sentences
of confiscation, being the acts of uJcfaclo gov-
ernment, aie valid and binding, and the recov-
er) of the estate-, of U nion men seized by rebels
is rendeied forever impossible except by the
action of the national Government. Itis afact
not to be disguised that in all the southern States
the spirit of the majority of the people is hos-
tile to the Government of the L nited States,
and that were they once restored to their old
place in the Union and the military power with-
drawn, the State laws that have been enacted
by Legislatures elected by a minority of flie
people, and which were designed to protect
unionmen and freedmen, would be swept away,
and the judges appointed by such loyal Govern-
ors as Ih'ownlow would ha,-e to give place to
men who would execute the will of the rebel
majorities.
Can we now place the freedmen in the un-
controlled power of their former masters? The
negro codes enacted by the reconstructed Le-
gislatures of .Mississippi and South Carolina
are our sufficient answer; codes so malignant
in their spirit, so contrary to ail the guarantees
given to these men when we needed their aid
to maintain the Government, that the military
commanders, acting under the authority of the
President, have set them aside; thus overriding
the legislation of States which gentlemen tell
us are reconstructed and in fall possession of
all the powers of any States of this Union. It
is apparent that the men who have striven
hardest to destroy the nation, are the men to
whom in many instances will be intrusted the
execution of these negro codes. The very Sen-
ators and Representative" elected, for the most
part are men who were elected because they
could not take the oath of loyalty; and to have
borne arms against the country, to have slaugh-
tered most of our sons and brothers, is the sur-
est passport to office in these States which we
are tohl are now repentant and loyal.
The recognition of these States now means
the abandonment of the loyal men and the freed-
men of the South to the mercy of men who bate
and despise them for their loyalty. It would
present the strange spectacle of the conquerors
accepting all the results of defeat; the insti-
tutions of the country preserved at a vast cost
of life and treasure, only that loyal men should
be placed more completely in the power of trai-
tors. Sir, if we abandon these men who have
risked all m the defense of the country, and are
now defensele=s without our aid: if we refuse
to protect the freedmen who at our call have
aided us to suppress the rebellion, and who are
now thrown upon our hands with nothing on
earth that they can call their own, helpless and
defenseless. \\e shall be he'd faitl^ess and dis-
honored before God and the civilized world.
Before the militaiv power of the nation is with-
drawn. then, we must have guarantees, both for
the security of the nation and for the protec-
tion of those who arc the wards of the nation and
for whose defense die national honor is pledged.
And anions those guarantees I would require
j ratiiication by those States of the amendment
i of the Constitution which has passed this House
' forbidding the levy of any tax or impost for the
! payment of the rebel debt in whole or in part,
i It is true that in their remodeled constitutions
! this debt is repudiated, but we cannot forget
] that this was done under the coercive power of
I the Government and underthe direction of the
| Commander-in-Chief of the armies, and that
i they were exceedingly reluctant to repudiate
this debt. How did they do it, of their own
choice.' Xo. by the stern dictation of the Pres-
| ident declarins to them that unless the action
! which they earnesil} desired to take, and did
at first take, was reversed, that their reorgani-
zation as States in the Union was impossible.
If this debt was repudiated with such intense
reluctance, is it certain that when all political
power is again given to their hands they will
not rescind' their action? Already in the Le-
gislature of Louisiana, resolutions have been
offered for the calling of a new convention to
amend the constitution of the State, and I ven-
ture the prediction that it will not be two years
after that State is fully restored to all the rights
of a State in this Union before this constitution,
which is regarded with aversion by so large a
mass of her people, will be replaced by a new
organic law. We ought not to leave the ques-
tion, whether the loyal U nion men of the South,
who have already suffered so much on account
of their devotion to the Union, shall be taxed
to refund to rebels the money advanced by them
to secure the destruction of the lives and prop-
erty of loyal men to the decision of the rebels
who have advanced the money and seek its
repayment.
The question whether Union men ofthe Soulh
shall be required to pay for the destruction of
their own property and their own bitter perse-
cution. whenthey were imprisoned in dungeons
and were driven" from their homes and hunted
like a partridge upon the mountains, is a ques-
tion to be decided by the loyal men of the na-
tion, and not by the traitors who want the money.
If they, in good faith, have repudiated this debt,
there can be no objection on their part to the
ratiiication of this amendment; if not, its ratifi-
cation is essentially neccssary.
1 would also require that the amendment of
the Constitution, which has passed this House,
should be adopted by those States, which should
forever destroy the unequal and unjust appor-
tionment of Representatives by which slavery
so long succeeded in controlling the Govern-
ment, and which should secure to loyal men the
same influence in the Government which is ac-
coided to rebels. I would say to these men,
you must agree to relinquish all claim to a rep-
resentation based upon the fact that you have
among you persons whose education and de-
velopment you have prohibited by law until you
have made each one to amount to three fifths
only of a human being, and whom you have
never represented, whose viewsand wishes were
never considered, and who were deemed guilty
of a crime of unspeakable atrocity when they
ventured to petition the men who were elected
as their Representatives in this House. You
shall not be any stronger in this Government
because you have been slaveholders or rebels.
The passage of the bills now before Con-
gress extending the duties of the Freedmen's
Bureau, and for the abrogation of all distinc-
tions in civil rights is, in my opinion, absolutely
essential. The freedmen are by the action of
the Government thrown upon our hands help-
less and defenseless. Upon the call of the na-
tion they rallied to its defense ; by their aid the
nation was saved, and we cannot permit them to
suffer without our help. Our Government fed
and protected those who had been stolen from
Africa and were captured by our cruisers, and
who had no claim upon us but one of a com-
mon humanity. We have at the present ses-
sion of Congress passed an act appropriating
S-300,000 to feed and clothe Indians who had
been fighting against the Government in the
cause of the rebels ; it was passed, too, by the
votes of gentlemen who claim that it is uncon-
stitutional to save the helpless and infirm and
wounded among the freedmen and refugees
from starvation, although they are the families
of men who have been lightingour battles, and
are suffering on that very account. The same
men who declaimed so earnestly upon the
unconstitutionality of appropriating money to
keep these helpless poor from starvation sea
clear constitutional power to pay masters for
their slaves who were enlisted in the Army.
When the late President of the United States
proclaimed the freedom of the slave, and when
the nation called upon the colored men to arm
in its defense, the pledge of the nation was
solemnly gi\en to them that their freedom
should lie maintained. Did this mean only that
they should no longer be bought and sold like
beasts in the shambles, or did it mean that they
should have the civil rights of freemen ; the
right to contract for their labor and to compel
the performance of contracts made with them :
the right to seek their own happiness, restrained
like other men only by such laws as should pro
teet the rights of others : the right to acquire
and possess property; the right t o develop their
higher natures by education and culture? If the
first only was meant by the proclamation, the
President might well have hesitated to have in-
voked upon that act " the considerate judgment
of mankind and the gracious favor of Almighty
God.'' If the nation did guaranty to them the
civil rights of freedmen thatpledge must be re-
deemed ; and so far as it is necessary to carry
into effect the constitutional amendment abol-
ishing slavery it must be effected by the legis-
lation of Congress.
For myself, I hope to see such amendments
to the Constitution and such legislation as will
secure impartial justice and equal rights to
all men. and will make the grand enunciation
of the fathers of the lb-public, that God cre-
ated all men equal, ar.d endowed them with
inalienable rights, among which are life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness, and that ail just
Governments derive their power from the eon-
sent of the governed, living, practical truths
