904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
in all the land. I am well assured that these
are the fundamental ideas which underlie all ^
crnr theory of government, and that upon their ;
complete development the life and progress '
of the Union depend. We have seen the sure
results of injustice and oppression in this land i
of ours. Arc we not wiser now than before we
sought to establish iniquity by law, and to enter
into a contest in which, to use the-idea of Jef-
ferson, every attribute of the Almighty was
against us ? In the light that streams so full
and clcar from the last four years of our his-
tory, do we not see that they, and they only, win
at last who work with God for human liberty
and progress?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, obtained the
floor but yielded to
Mr. BliOOMALL, who said: Mr. Speaker,
I ask the Clerk to read some resolutions which
I propose to offer when I have the opportunity;
but I wish to-day to have the benefit of the crit-
icism of thfi gentleman from Ohio.
The Clerk read, as follows :
Revolved, 1. That in the language of the proclama
tion of the President of May 2d, 1865, " the rebellion
which was waged by a portion of the people of the
"United States against the properly constituted author-
ities of the Government thereof in the most violent
and revolting form, but whose organized and armed
forces have now been almost entirely overcome, has
in its revolutionary progress deprived the people" of
most of the States in which it was organized " of all
civil government."
2. That whenever the people of any State are thus
"deprived of all civil government," it becomes the
duty of Congress, by appropriate legislation, to enable
them to organize a Si ate government, and in the lan-
guage of tho Constitution to guaranty to such State
a republican form of government."
Mr/LAWREXCE, of Ohio. The resolutions
proposed by the distinguished gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. BtiooMALTj declare the fact
and the constitutional law upon which rests the
true theory of reconstruction. As a further
basis for the remarks I design to make I also
present resolutions which may be read for in-
formation.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Revolved, ThatitisthedeliberatesenseofthisHouse
that the condition of the rebel States fully justifies
the Ptesidenfc in maintaining the suspension of the
writ of habect9 corpus in thosu States.
Resolved, Thafcit is the deliberate sense of this House
that the condition ot tho rebel States tally justices
the President in maintainingmilit.iry possession and
control thereof, and that the President is entitled to
the thanks of the nation for employing the war power
for the protection of Union citizens and the Ireedmen
in those States.
Mi. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The overthrow
of the military power of the great rebellion
devolved upon the President and Congiessand
the country duties of unparalleled magnitude.
With all lawful civil State government aban-
doned and destroyed in the rebellious States,
the foundations of political society are again to
be laid or restored over a vast extent of coun-
try. It is not too much ro .say. then, that—
"If this work he done v/Uelj* now ages unborn sholl
bless us, and we nhall havedone inourday what ex-
perience approved and duty demanded. If this work
shall be carelessly or badly done, counties-* millions
•will heroatter remember our lolly ns their curse; our
names and deeds shall only call lorth execration and
reproach."
Among the groat questions now before the
country is that of the reconstruction, or. as I
think, more properly the creation, of civil State
governments in the rebel States, ancl to that
question I propose briefly to speak.
condition" of rebel st \tt1s—different theories.
There has been much controversy over the
condition of the rebel States. Jt 1ms been said
they "are not States,'' that "they are dead
States,'' ''reducedtoTerritoiies,'' ''conquered
provinces," are '"States out of the Union.''
" out of their practical relations to tho Union."
and this is denied by asserting that'' they never
ceased to be States with all the rights of States."
Or at most that "lawful State government was
suspended and is now restored " and is ;' enti-
tled to resume every right."
But much, not all, of this is a conflict of words
rather than of ideas, and may be reconciled by
considering what a State is"and the eli'ect of
rebellion on tho several elements which com-
pos# it.
the true theory.
The position which I maintain is, that in
legal contemplation every ordinance of seces-
sion was void; that no State was ever out of the
Union; that all lawful State government was
abandoned and destroyed in the rebel States ;
that rebel organizations in the form of State
governments were set up unauthorized by and
unknown to the Constitution, and with no rights
under it; that these were overthrown by the
military power of the Union, that the people
were thus left without any State government;
that it is the duty of the United States to guar-
anty it, and until this is done there can be no
valid dejure permanent civil State government
and no right to representation in Congress or
the Electoral College.
the perfect state—three elements.
In support of this view let us consider what
a State of this Union is. The perfect State
consists of three elements, a district of coun-
try, a people, and a political corporation or
government. (Grotius on War, 1265; Philli-
more, Int. L., 147; Atlantic Monthly, October,
1863 ; 3 Dallas, 93; United States vs. Maurice,
2 Brock., 109; 1 Brock., 177 ; 3 Wheat., 181; 5
Pet., 128.) The Constitution recognizes this
threefold character, and for some purposes each
of the three elements is treated as a State. It
declares that—
" lb ^judicial power shall extend " * * * *
" to controversies between two or more States."
Here the corporate State alone is called tlie
State, since the geographical State or the peo-
ple are never parties litigant. Again, no State
shall—
"Bo formed by the junction of two or more States
or parts of States without tho consent of the Legisla-
tures of the States concerned as weli as of the Con-
gress."—Art. 4, see. 3.
Here the geographical State and population
are denominated the State, since the corporate
State cannot be divided into parts.
Again:
"The United States shallguarantyto every Statein
this Union a republican form of government."—Art.
4, see. 4.
Here, again, the geographical State and peo-
ple are recognized as the State even without
government, since that is to be guarantied to
the State. The Constitution is full of similar
examples. The distinguished Senator from Wis-
consin, [Mr. doolittle,] though maintaining
with plausible skill the unimpaired rights of the
States, admits the distinction I have drawn by
conceding that '• a State" does not "consist of
its form of government,'' but of '' the people,''
to which he adds, rather in apposition than
with legal accuracy, " the body-politic." Now,
over these States, and over each" element of
them, as well as elsewhere, the national Gov-
ernment has certain executive, legislative, and
judicial powers, sovereign powers, the exercise
of which may by force be suspended, leaving the
right unimpaired, with a unity of government,
of territory, and of population indestructible.
condition and rights op rebel states.
No State in its geographical sense, therefore,
ha« in legal contemplation ever been out of the
Union, or dead. The people were never ab-
solved from the duty of allcgiance, nor tho
nation deprived of its rights of sovereignty and
jurisdiction, though their exercise was inter-
rupted in fact. Xo State ever became a mere
territory, or could be governed as such, since
the people and geographical State survived,
entitled to the guarantee of State government so
soon as Congress might deem practicable, or
to military or civil provisional government as
a means to that end, (4 Wheat.,310; 12 Coke,
130-33S; 2 Bishop, Cr. L.,) and no change
could be made in State boundaries except in
the mode prescribed in the Constitution.
The constitutional ties which bound the geo-
graphical States and people in the Union were
never sundered in the eye of the law, and they
therefore continued to owe to the national Gov-
ernment ever}' constitutional duty, though they
in fact rendered none. Their State constitu-
tions and laws remained in force to preserve
every light ef person and property, except such
as were changed by the war, but with no means
of enforcing them, and incapable of securing
the exercise of any political right when all title,
to office ceased with no authorized mode of
resuming it.
practical importance op the questions.
We have been told that these are "metaphys-
ical questions of no importance." 1 maintain
that they involve vital principles of constitu-
tional law more deeply affecting the character
of the Government and the prerogatives and
interests of the people than any which have
arisen in our history.
If by rebellion and flagrant war the States
incur all the. penalties of war, subject to recon-
struction by national authority, or if when State
government is abandoned or destroyed, the
Congress may interfere to guaranty it, then is
the power of the people complete to -preserve
the national life, and prescribe the means and
the terms and the time necessary therefor.
(Wells ex parte, 18 Howard.) But if the power
of reconstruction reverts to the States or their
people, with no forms of law to guide them, and
with no restraints ; if they may at once without
terms, or guarantees, or even loyalty of purpose,
resume governments they have repudiated, con-
temned, despised, abandoned, and overthrown,
or create new ones, the result will be only to
transfer treason in arms to traitors in the coun-
cils of the State, and the nation, retaining the
uncontrolled power to oppress all who have
been faithful, and finally to destroy the nation
itself.
If it is the unquestioned right of the Presi-
dent alone, without the authority or ratification
of Congress, to set up State governments, then
a result will follow which the President never
intended—that South Carolina and all the rebel
States, the moment when war in legal fact
ceases, will, as a matter of absolute right, and
without question, be entitled to have Senators
and Representatives who can take the oath of
office, at once admitted to Congress, no matter
how disloyal and hostile and illy prepaied to
maintain State government maybe the people.
It is fearful to contemplate a power which in
hands less faithful than those of our now re-
spected Chief Magistrate, might be employed
to perpetuate his own indefinite sway. \ ast
powers unrestrained in the hands of any one
man arc incompatible with republican govern-
ment.
I speak in behalf of the majesty of the people,
of the supremacy of their power through their
Representatives in Congress, and in their name,
and in the name of the Constitution and of the
sainted dead who made and construed it, I
demand that in our own good time and way,
the Congress, "the United States, shall guar-
anty to each State" "a republican form of gov-
ernment. '' In the exercise of this high power
I demand that if there may be 110 indemnity
for the past there may be some terms, some
security, at least the security of loyalty, for tho
future. (1 Black,430—174; 5 Elliot's Debates,
492, August 29,1787; 3 Howard, 580 ; 4 Whea-
ton, 316.)
no representatives or presidential electors if
no state government.
But if there be no State government, then
the right of representation in Congress and the
Electoral College docs not exist. The Consti-
tution declares that in the election of Repre-
sentatives—
" The electors in each State shall have tho qualifi-
cation requisite for electors of the most numeious
branch of tho Legislature."
If there be no State government there can
be no electors, no Legislature, and without the
sanction of Congress no Representatives in
Congress. If there be no Legislature there can
be no Senators. And as presidential electors
are to be appointed "in such manner as the
Legislature may direct," there can be no elect-
ors if there be no legislative power and no au-
thorized officers to hold elections.
two grounds upon which state government lost.
There are two grounds upon which (lie nation
may treat the rebel States as without any civil
