1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
905
State government: first, as against traitors and
traitor government, by the military right of the
conqueror ; second, because in tact ail lawful
State government lias been abandoned and for-
feited by universal rebellion, and all rebel gov-
ernment lias been destroyed.
tilt) ulfihts or the victor ix iva is.
And first as to the right s of the victor in war.
It lias already been settled that "'in organiz-
ing this rebellion" the States "have acted as
States.'' (2 Black, 673; 3 Dallas, 93.)
And further, that—
" The civil war between the United States and the
so-called confederate States had such character and
magnitude as to give the United States the same rights
and powers which they might exorcise in ease of a
foreign war.*'—'2 Block, 635.
Every reason of this rule makes it applica-
ble to local as well as to foreign government.
The war power in civil as well as foreign war
is limited only by necessity or the Constitution;
and these alike unite in clothing the nation
with all the powers of a conqueror. And this is
so because the Constitution recognizes the laws
of nations as a part of the law of the land. (At-
torney General's opinion, July, 1805.) Yet
who will say that a conquest by foreign war
does not give the victor the right in the exer-
cise of civil power to create new civil govern-
ment and to overturn that which exists? (Uni-
ted States vs. Percheman, 7 Peters, 86: Boston
Law Reporter, June, 1362, page 498.)
This right was asserted in our territorial
conquests from Mexico, was affirmed by the
Supreme Court, and was employed by the Pres-
ident'when he dissolved rebel legislatures, pro-
hibited their reassemblage, drove out of office
all rebel officers, and set up provisional mil-
itary governments over most of the States.
(Cross vs. Harrison, 16 Howard, 194.) This
right is asserted by all the writers oil inter-
national law as between international States.
Grotius says:
" Livy tells us that the Romans were willing that
Capua should be inhabited as a town but that there
should be no corporation, no senate, no common
council, no magistrates, no jurisdiction but a depend-
ent multitude, and that a governor should be sent
from Rome to dispense justice among them: and
therefore Cicero, in his first oration to the people
against Tullus, ,-.iy- that Capua had not so much
as the shadow of a State left. The same may he said
of those reduced into the form of a province, and of
thcniwho are subjected to another people, as Byzan-
tium was to Pcrinthus by the Emperor Scverus, and
Antio< ii to Laodicea by Iheodosius."—Grotiufi, 265;
2 MwjuuIRU En:OJ i.
And as applied to the rebel States, it exists
quashed by the duty of the nation to guaranty
State governments. Let me be understood; I
do not apply this right to lawful State govern-
ments.
historical SCini.uly.
But lawful civil State government does not
exist in the rebel States upon other grounds.
In the years 1860 and 18'il eleven of the States
adopted ordinances of secession. Each for itself
set up in form, but not in legal fact, a new gov-
ernment. claiming to be an independent sov-
ereign nationality. Thevunited and formed a
confederacy known as the confederate States.
The States, tlie confederacy, and tlieir people
made war on the United States and waged it
for four vears. When conquered by our arms,
the rebel Stale and confederate governments
were dissolved, their officers dispersed, their
assumed authority terminated. The President,
by virtue of his undoubted military power, set
up in most of these States a military provisional
government, with each its military governor.
(16 Howard, 194.1 But the President, went fur-
ther. P>y proclamations, without any law of
Congress, he reqaired these governors severally
to assemble conventions to create State consti-
tutions, to provide for elections : and new State
governments supplanting the military have been
set up and now exist, purporting to be civil in
form. But peace is not yet declared. A state
of war exists. (Attorney General's Letter,
January 1.)
itnurt, -■ r err, governments xot recognized.
The rebel State irovernmetus have been over-
thrown and no State asserts am- right under
thsm. The war power in l'actdestroyed them.
As they were not republican in form in the
sense of our Constitution. Congress might have
interposed to overthrow them if the civil power j
could have accomplished it. The belligerent '
rights accorded to them did not ''concedethat
they formed a State or that they were de facto
such. There is a difference between "belliger-
ents and belligerent States." (President Wool-
sey, Yale College, International Law, 231.)
other governments not existing.
If, therefore, there be any valid civil State
government it must be because the State gov-
ernments in force when the secession ordi-
nances were adopted either—
1. Continued to be andare governments; or,
2. Were su>pended by rebellion and are
restored: or,
3. That new governments have been lawfully
set in operation.
All of which I deny.
loyal government abandoned.
And first, did those governments continue?
That State constitutions might provide a mode
of resuming government after all its functions
have ceased might possibly be conceded. That
no one has done so is certain.
During the four years of rebellion every
function of these governments ceased, every
duty was repudiated, every office was aban-
doned, every term of office had expired, there
was no claimant or any one entitled to hold any
office, and no law provided any mode of elect-
ing or authenticating the election of any. If
government can be abandoned, abdicated, or
destroyed by war: if the corporate State may
be dissolved, as'may a private or-municipal
corporation, by any means; if the constitution,
as its charter, may be incapable of operating
for want of officers to constitute government,
then did these governments cease. (Glover on
Municipal Corporations, 408; Stat. 2 AV. &.
M., c. 8.)
And that they may do so. and did so, I affirm
on the authority of the Constitution, of the laws
of nations,'of Madison, of the Supreme Court,
of the lamented Lincoln, and of President
Johnson.
The Constitution declares that—
" The United States shall guaranty to every State"
* 11 a republican form of govern-
ment."— Art. 4, sec. 4.
This implies that a State may abandon all
government, eKe why talk about guarantying
government to a State if it could not cease to
have one?
The Declaration of Independence affirms of
George III, that— «
" lie has abdicated 'government here by declaring
us out of hi> pioteetiou and waging war against us."
'The rebel States declared them el\es out of
our protection and waged war against us.
Grotius, that highest source of international
law, says:
"Sovereignty" "may cease
by being abandoned and deserted."
He adds:
"Isocrates, and after him the Emperor Julian, said
that Stateswere immortal: ihat i ', they may possibly
proveso," - "Thcirameandcon-
stitution of the body is dissolved and broken when
the subjects either of then own accord are disunited
on the account of a pestilence or a sedition, or are
by force so scattered as that they cannot more reunite,
which otten happens m war.' — and /Vice, 265.
Mr. Madison says of article four, section four,
of the Constitution, its object was to authorize
'' Federal interposition'' when there is employed
'•forceto subvert the Government." that ''the
authority extends'' to a case where there has
been " a'pre'existing governmentthat to deny
the power ot "interference in the domestic con-
cerns of the members" of the Union, ''against
changes to be effected by violence, usurpation,
sedition,'' would "deprive us of one of the
principal advantages of Union.'' (Federalist
21. 43'.)
If a new State should—
" be formed by the junction of two or more States,"
as the Constitution authorizes, where would
be the old corporate States, the governments?
Overthrown, destroyed.
In Luther vs. Borden, 1 Howard, 42, Judge
Taney says:
" Undoubtedly a military government, established
as the permanent government of a State, would not
bo a republican government, and it would be the
duty of Congress to Overthrow it."
If tlie power should be exercised, would not
the government cease ?
In the amnesty proclamation of December
8, 1863, President Lincoln, distinguishing with,
great accuracy between the condition of na-
tional and State authority, says:
" The national authority has been suspended, and
loyal State governments have been subverted;" and
'' have for a long time been subverted."
And in his message he suggests a plan by
whiclinew State governments may be " setup."
On the 18th of' March, 1862, Andrew John-
son, in an address to the people of Tennessee,
said:
"I find most if not all of the offices, both State and
Federal, vacated, either by actual abandonment or
by the action of the incumbents in attempting to sub-
ordinate their functions to a power in hostility to the
fundamental law of the State and subversive of her
national allegiance."
The President, in his several proclamations
of 1865 appointing military provisional gov-
ernors for the rebel States, declares that—
" The rebellion has in its revolutionary progress
deprived the people of the State of all civil govern-
ment."
And provisional governors were appointed,
say the proclamations—•
" For the purpose of enabling the loyal people of
the [geographical] State to organise a [new] State
government."
And the object is declared to be—
" To prescntlto Congress] such a republican form of
State government as will entitle the [geographical]
State to the guarantee of the United States there-
tor."
And so the people of the South have under-
stood their condition ever since the surrender
of their last army, on the 26th of May, I860.
On the 15th July, I8U0, James Johnson, in
accepting the office of provisionalgovernor, said
to the people:
" According to the proclamation of the President,
we, as Georgians, stand to-day without any civil gov-
ernment. We have no Governor, no Legislature, no
judges, no inferior magistrates. This has been the re-
sult of the rebellion. It has deprived us of all the
machinery necessary to carry on a civil government."
It was because these geographical States ''had
no Governor, no Legislature, no judges, no in-
ferior magistrates"—no government, and no
mode known to their constitution or laws of re-
storing any. that the President interfered. If
such a dependent multitude," incapable of
exercising any function of State government
or discharging any one national duty which
depended on State government: if these con-
stitute government, from sucli good Lord
deliver us!
The gentleman from New York [Mr, Ray-
mond] admits, upon the authority of Wheaton
and Grotius and Bnriamaqui, that—
" Habitual obedience to law is essential to the exist-
ence of a State" government.
If rebel government preserved the identity of
the State, yet this was overthrown, and obe-
dience ceased both to loyal and usurped govern-
ment, and therefore all State government ceased.
And this has been solemnly decided by Con-
gress by declaring that a majority of the Sena-
tors and Representatives from the loyal States
should constitute a quorum, and that the loyal
States alone had the right to elect a President
and Vice President. Th|> very title under which
the President now holds his office, and the au-
thority by which laws are made here, constantly
admonish us that the geographical States of the
South have ceased to have governments or the
right to a voice in electing a President or Sen-
ators or Representatives. (Joint Resolution
Congress, February 8, 1805, Laws I860, p. 568.)
loyal governments not resumed,
But could the original loyal State govern-
ments be resumed? It has been sufficiently
shown that they were destroyed, not suspended -
merely, and therefore could not be resumed.
If they could be resumed it must -be iu obe-
dience to some law, 01' under the war power
