006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
of the President, or because the right to do so
was inherent in and reverted to the people.
- But no law provided the means or a mode of
resuming abandoned constitutions and govern-
ment. No man can point to any provision of
any constitution or law authorizing this.
The war power may set up military or pro-
visional but not permanent civil government,
for this is the exercise of a civil power. (Cross
vs. Harrison, 16 Howard, 194; Federalist, No.
69, 85.)
The power to " execute the laws" does not
authorize the President to do this, for there are
no laws of the United States for this purpose
to be executed. The power to guaranty gov-
ernment is granted, not to the President, but
to the United States. If the President may
lawfully do this, his decision would be final;
but in our system " Congress must decide what
government is established." (7 Howard, 42.)
The gentleman from New York [Mr. ""Ray-
mond] declares that—
"We ought to accept the present us of the south-
ern States, and regard them as having resumed, un-
der the President's guidance and action, the func-
tions of self-government in the Union."—Speech, '28th
January.
And he quotes these passages from Wheaton
to sustain him:
"But whatever be its internal constitution or form
of government, or whoever may be its rulers, or even
if it be distracted with anarchy, through a violent
contest fortheGovernment between difterent parties
among the people, the State still subsists in contem-
plation of law until its sovereignty is completely ex-
tinguished by the final dissolution of the social tie,
or by some other cause which puts an end to the be-
ing of the State." * ■* * * *
"The habitual obedience of the members of any
political society to a superior authority must have
once existed in order to constitute a sovereign State.
But the temporary suspension of that obedience and
of that authority, in consequcnce of a civil war, does
not necessarily extinguish the being of a State, al-
though it may affect for a time its ordinary relations
with other States."
And he proceeds to argue that" the coalition
which attempted to restore order and the Bour-
bons to France," after the "great contest of
the French Revolution," held ''that France had
[never] ceased to be a State;" that although
in Mexico ''sovereignty resides in'' Maximil-
ian "who holds its capital, its archives, audits
laws," yetwhen Juarez comes back to tnke
possession of the Government" it will still
survive.
I am free to concede that it is true of Eng-
land, of France, of Mexico, and of our own
nation, that the temporary overthrow of su-
preme national government will not destroy
the Constitution or the right to resume it. And
this is so upon two grounds: either because a
rightful title to office survives in lawful officers
who can resume the constitutional exercise of
Government, or because when this is not so
sovereignty reverts to the people and may be
resumed by them in the constitutional forms,
or by their own act if no such forms are pre-
scribed.
The constitution of England, in essential
features, was suspended during the reign of
Cromwell, which interrupted but did not de-
stroy the hereditary title of Charles II to the
crown, to resume the exercise of sovereignty.
The same principle applies to all Govern-
ments with hereditary sovereigns.
In our own national Government the Consti-
tution or Government cannot perish, because
while a sufficient number of the States survives
the means are provided of periodically supply-
ing the executive and legislative branches of
the Government with the appropriate officers
to execute their duties, or if all this should fail
sovereignty would revert to the people to be by
them resumed under a constitution on its face
of perpetual obligation and retaining vitality
ex proprio vigors.
This principle is recognized in Grotius, who
says:
"In an elective Government if the Kin?? or royal
family or President and Congress] should become
cxtinct, the right of sovereignty wouid revert to the
people."—1 OambeU's Grutius, 336, chap.9.
And this is necessarily so, since there is
no superior power authorized to guaranty
government.
But these, or European analogies can furnish
no rule of international or constitutional law
for States in our system. A State of the Union
is not a nation in the sense of international law.
The nation alone is recognized among the States
of the world. And in the States, when all title
to office has ceased and no mode of supplying
any is authorized, it becomes the duty of Con-
gress to guaranty government.
This cannot be done by the people without
law, for if so, conflicting and hostile govern-
ments might be set up as numerous as the polit-
ical parties or conventions that might assemble
for that purpose, and discord would -reign su-
preme.
The power of reconstruction or sovereignty
did not revert to the people of the States, be-
cause the Constitution declares that no powers
"are reserved to the States respectively, or to the
people,"
which are
"delegated to the United States."—Art. 10, Amend-
ments.
And the power of reconstruction is delegated
to Congress in these words of the Constitution:
"The United States shall guaranty to every State in
this Union a republican form of government."—Art.
4, sec. 4.
And as Bishop very justly observes:
"A State which hasnogovernmenthasnot arepub-
lican form of government."—2 Criminal Law, section
1221, note.
This power is wisely delegated to Congress,
because it is essential to the national life. If
left to the States they might forever decline to
exercise it under the promptings of the same
spirit that-would induce rebellion. The very
occasion which would create the necessity to
organize now State government would prove
that the duty to do so could not be intrusted to
those unwilling to maintain government.
In this respect a State of this Union is less
in power than an international State. And in
addition to this the power of reconstruction is
a national power, not only inherent in the right
of existence, with the incidental power to per-
petuate it, but as an incident to the right of the
continued exercise of every power of the na-
tional Government.
Unless we concede that the nation may law-
fully die, we must maintain its power to employ
all the means necessary to its continued exist-
ence.
THE PRESIDENT SANCTIONS THIS VIEW.
And the President in his proclamations treated
the old constitutions like other corporate char-
ters, as having ceased to constitute or be capable
of cortstituting government:
1. By himself calling conventions-to create
new constitutions, thus denying that sovereignty
had reverted to the people or that State consti-
tutions as charters of government were in force.
2. By requiring delegates to conventions to
be elected by citizens " loyal to the United States
and none others," whereas the State constitu-
tions made all male adult white citizens voters.
3. By requiring that "no person shall be
qualified as an elector or shall be eligible as a
member of such convention unless he shall have
previously taken and subscribed the oath of am-
nesty," whereas the State constitutions required
no such tests. (See act of February 25, 1865,
13 United States Statutes, 437.)
4. By requiring new constitutions to be made
at times and in a manner unauthorized by the
old ones.
5. By invoking, as in the proclamations he
did, not the military, but the civil power of the
Constitution "to guaranty" State governments
as the authority for all this. •
ffthe old constitutions were alive these things
could not lie done. They were alive in all things
or dead in all things as charters of government.
If dead as to the qualification of electors and
the mode of amending, they were dead for all
purposes of constituting government.
Let me illustrate this by an example. The
constitution of South Carolina in force when
the rebellion commenced provides that—
"No part of the constitution shall be altered unless
a bill to alter the same shall have been read three
times in the House of Representatives and three times
in the Senate, and agreed to by two thirds of both
branches of the whole representation."
Yet a new constitution has been created for
South Carolina and other rebel States in a man-
ner wholly unknown to their constitutions or
laws. The governments, then, which have been
set up are new creations.
Provisional Governor Johnson, in the same
address to which I have alluded, declared this
in these words:
"Under this state of facts I have been appointed
by the President provisional governor of Georgia.
All the power which I can exercise over you in this
office is derived, by virtue of my appointment from
him. I have not been elected Governor under the
laws of Georgia, nor by the sovereign people of Geor-
gia. I have not been appointed for the purpose of
establishing government, administeringgovernment;
but appointed, as the proclamation declares, for one
single purpose, and that is to enable the people of
Georgia to form a government;"
that is, to create a new government.
It may be said these conventions amended
the old constitutions. They set up new govern-
ments, as much so as the rebel confederacy
which amended and adopted our national Con-
stitution as the Magna Charta of a new govern-
ment, a new creation, a new-born nation, that
fortunately died before its birth was complet e.
NEW GOVERNMENTS HAVE NOT YET BEEN LAWPULI.T
CREATED.
The same argument which proves that nei-
ther the President nor the people of the States
could lawfully set in motion suspended State
government as in abeyance, equally disproves
the power of either to create new State govern-
ments. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Kaymond] practically concedes this. His lan-
guage is:
"lie [the President] then appointed provisional
governors by virtue of his authority as Commander-
in-Chief of the Army and Navy, under whose direc-
tion and guidance, as representatives of the national
authority, this process of restoration might proceed.
"Now, I know the question has been raised—and
perhaps it is not quite clear and free from doubt—
as to the precise legal authority he had to take this
specific step."—Speech, January 29.
And my colleague [Mr. Hubbell] says:
" I claim the right and power of Congress to reviow
what has been done ill the restoration of civil gov-
ernments in the rebel States." * *
"Thereare irregularities in this plan."—Speech, Feb-
ruary 5.
I am not now objectingto the measures taken
by the President for reconstruction, for he has
not yet denied the power of Congress to make
laws authorizing the creation of new govern-
ments, nor has he asserted that the existing
governments will be valid without congressional
ratification. The people of California without
authority organized State government, and it
only became valid when ratified by Congress,
and this is the condition of Colorado.now.
The highest court has finally and forever set-
tled this power of Congress to guaranty gov-
ernment and determine what one lawfully exists
in a State by saying:
"It rests with Congress to decide what government
is the established one in a.State." ^ * *
"And when the Senators and Representatives of a
State ai e admitted into the councils of the Union, the
authority of the government under which they are
appointed, as well as its republican charactcr, is rec-
ognized by the proper constitutional authority, and
its decision is binding on every other department of
the Government, and could not be questioned in a
judicial tribunal."—1 Calhoun's Works, 332.
That the whole policy of reconstruction was
in view of these principles and dependent, for
validity on the action of Congress is manifest,
not only because it is not to be presumed that
the President designed to transcend the Con-
stitution, but because he has declared his recon-
struction scheme to be an " experimert" only,
and has in his message referred to Congress
the question whether Senators and Representa-
tives shall be admitted. If it had the effect of
absolute law it could not be an experiment, and
if the right of representation was absolute it
could not be referred to Congress for the exer-
cise of discretion.
In the report of General Schurz to the Pres-
ident, it is said:
"You informed me that your 'policy of reconstruc-
tion' was merely experimental, and that you wouid
change it if the experiment did not load to satisfac-
tory results."—Sent to Congress December 19.
