THE 'CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
February 17,
If it be replied that he could not recognize
an unauthorized government, I answer, that is
a. petitio principii—the present State govern-
ments in the rebel States are also unauthorized.
how government maybe established.
Sinee all lawful civil State government has
been subverted, the inquiry necessarily arises
as to how and when it may be established.
The mode is a question of constitutional law j
the time is a question of constitutional duty
and practicability.
That the power rests with Congress has been
sufficiently shown. This power may be exer-
cised by ratifying the present unauthorized
governments, (2 Black, 671,) or by an enabling
act, as proposed by the Congress of 1864, pre-
scribing a mode of setting up State govern-
ments through authorized conventions of the
people. Until this shall be practicable, gov-
ernment, as a means to that end, in the discre-
tion of Congress, may be established, since—
"If the end be legitimate, all the means which are
appropriate and not prohibited may constitutionally
bo employed to carry it into effcct."—4 Wheaton, 816;
3 Howard, 609; 5 Elliot'a Debates, 492; Martin vs.
Hunter, 1 Wheaton, 325.
And Chief Justice Taney says:
"It rested with Congress to determine the means
proper to bo adopted to fulfill this guarantee/' —7
Howard.
For this purpose the present governments
may be accepted as provisional, or new ones
created in their stead 5 and because these are
grave questions, the whole subject has been
referred to the joint committee of fifteen on
reconstruction in order that we may be enlight-
ened by their labors, and then decide.
dangers of iiasty reconstruction'.
Let ns pause before we validate and clothe
with national power State governments created
at the point of the bayonet, grudgingly ap-
proved by inconsiderable minorities, and held
together by the sword of the nation.
The Governor of Mississippi says "Under
the pressure of Federal bayonets the people
have abolished slavery'' and organized govern-
ment. (Message, November 20.)
The military governor, Perry, of South Car-
olina, declared the convention assembled under
the President's proclamation, "a revolution-
ary body." (Letter to Governor Orr, Decem-
ber 9, 1W5-3.)
Let us inquire if local government intrusted
to loyal men, under congressional law in some,
perhaps most, of the rebel States, until military
power shall be unnecessary, will not sooner
oringpermanent State governments with safety
to all, than the hazardous "experiment" of
turning over to infuriate rebels the loyal popu-
lation and the freedmen, before time or ade-
quate guarantees give assurance of its success.
Let us pause before we intrust with power in
these Halls, to govern us, a people who are prop-
erly held by the President in militar}' subjec-
tion, because they are unprepared to govern
themselves, or soon that national death which
could not be achieved in the field maybe ac-
complished in the Capitol by conspirators,
" Whose treason like a deadly blight
Oomcs o'er the counsel? of the brave
And blasts them in their hour of might."
The writ of habeas corpus remains suspended,
while our military forces and commanders occu-
py every rebel State, and with the Freedmen's
-Diircau control the exercise of local jurisdiction,
and set aside State laws and State elections at
pleasure. I have unfaltering confidence in the
President, but let us pause before we make pre-
cedents for successors le&s worthy. If execu-
tive military pow er can make and unmake State
governments, and at the point of the bayonet
send Representatives to Congress and fill the
Electoral College, we may live to fee in them
the reflected will of a military dictator and the
end of the Republic. The President cannot
desire this. Will it not rather be time enough
to clothe rebels with political power, when they
are prepared to do justice without national mil-
itary constraint?
A State government created and controlled
by national military power is after all in fact
andlegaleiFoctbuta military government under
another name. (Cross vs. Harrison, 16 How-
ard, 191.)
1 do not condemn the exercise of this military
power. The disloyal condition of the people
renders it necessary. The necessity for its exer-
cise is shown by military orders sanctioned by
the President. Permit me to read sortie of
them. Here is one:
[General Orders, No. 4.]
Headquarters Department of Virginia,
Richmond, Va., January 24,1866.
By a statute law passed at the present session of
the Legislature ot Virginia, entitled "A bill provid-
ing for the punishment of vagrants," it is enacted,
among other things, that any justice of the peace,
upon the complaint of any one ot certain officers
therein named, may hsue his warrant for the appre-
hension of any person alleged to be a vagrant, and
cause such person to be apprehended and brought
betorc him; and that if, upon due examination, said
justice of the peace shall lhid that such peison is a
vagrant within the definition of vagrancy contained
in said statute he shall issue his warrant directing
such person to be employed for a term not exceeding
three months, and by any constable of the county
wherein the proceedings arc had, be hired out for the
best wages that can be procured, his wages to be ap-
plied to the support of h<mselt and his family.
The said statute further provides, that in ease any
vagrant so hired shall during his term of service run
away trom his employer without sufficient cause, he
shall bo apprehended on the warrant of a justice of
the peace, and returned to the custody of his employer,
who shall then have, free of any further hire, the ser-
vices of such vagrant for one month, in addition to
the original term of hiring; and that the employer
shall then have power, if authorized by a justice of
the pcace. to work such vagrant with ball and chain.
The said statute bpecities the peitons who shall be
considered vagrants and be liable to the penalties
imposed by it. Among those declared to be vagrants
are "all persons who, not having the wherewith to
support their families, live idly and without employ-
ment, and refuse to work for the usual and common
wages given to other laborers, m the like work, in the
place where they then arc."
In many co an ties ofthisState, meetings ofemployers
had been held, and unjust and wrongful combinations
have been entered into lor the purpose ot depressing
the wages of the freedmen below the real value of
their labor, far bolow the prices formerly paid to mas-
ters for labor performed by their slaves.
By reason of these combinations, wages utterly
inadequate to the support of themselves and their
families have, in many places, become the usual and
common wages of the freedmen.
The effect of the statute in question will be, there-
fore, to compel the freed™ en, under penalty of punish-
ment as criminals, to accept and labor for the wages
established by these combinations ol employers. It
places them wholly in the power of their employers,
and it is easy to foresee that, even where no such com-
binations now exist, the temptation to form them,
offered by the statute, will be too strong to be resisted,
and that such inadequate wages will become the com-
mon and u>ual wages throughout the State.
The ultimate eSect ot the statute will be to reduce
the freedmen to a condition of servitude worse than
that from which they have been emancipated—a con-
dition which will be slavery in all but its name.
it is, therefore, ordered that no magistrate, civil
ofiiecr, or other person, shall in any way or manner
apply, or attempt to apply, the provision of said stat-
ute to any colored person in this department.
By command of Maim General Terry:
EDWARD W. SMITH,
Assistant Adjutant General.
And T find it said :
"The withdrawal of the military from the interior
of the State has opened the floods of rancor toward
loyal men and negroes, and already cases of unwonted
abuse and unseemly hoiror have been reported to
these headquarters. In order to properly cneck this
alarming evil, General Terry has found it necessary,
as follows, to clothe the officeis of the Freedmen's
Bureau with extraordinary power:
("General Orders, Xo. 5.]
Headquarters Department of Virginia,
Richmond, Virginia, January 24,1866.
All officers in the military service in this depart-
ment, acting as mpcrintondcnts or assistant super-
intendents of the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen. &c.,
are hereby invested withall the power and authority
usually exercised bv provost iiu-ushals.
By command of Maior General A. II. Terry:
EDWARD W. SMITH,
Asuibtont Adjutant General."
And in South Carolina, General Sickles has
found it necessary to protect the freedmen by
similar orders. Here is one:
[General Orders, No. 1.]
Headquarters Department South Carolina,
Charleston, January 17, i860.
I. To the end that civil rights and immunities may
be enjoyed; that kindly relations among tbo inhab-
i itants of the State maybe established ; that the rights
! and duties of the employer and the free laborer re-
! spectivelymay be defined; that the soil maybe eulti-
; vatod and the system of free labor fail ly undertaken;
' that the owners of estates may be secure in the pos-
; session of their lands and tenements; that persons,
t able and willing to woik, may ha\ e employment;
i that idleness and vagrancy may be discountenanced,
nnd encouragement given to industry and thrift; and
that humane provision may be made for the aged,
infirm, and destitute, the following regulations are
established for the government of all concerned in
this department:
II. AH laws shall be anplicablo alike to all the
inhabitants. No person shall beheldincompetcntto
sue, mako complaint, or to testify, because of color or
caste.
III. All the employments of husbandry or the use-
ful arts, and all lawful, trades or callings may be fol-
lowed by all persons irrespective of color or caste; nor
shall any freedman be obliged to pay any tax or any
fee for a license, nor be amenable to any municipal
or parish ordinance, not imposed upon all other per-
sons.
IV. The lawful industry of all persons who live
under the protection of the United States, and owe
obedience to its laws, being useful to the individual,
and essential to the welfare of society, no person will
be restrained from seeking employment when not
bound by voluntary agreement, nor hindered from
traveling from place to place, on lawful business. All
combinations or agreements which are intended to
hinder, or may so operate as to hinder, in any way,
the employment of labor—or to limit compensation for
labor-i-or to compel labor to be involuntaiily per-
formed in certain places or for certain persons; as
well as all combinations or agreements to prevent the
sale or hire of lands or tenements, are declared to bo
misdemeanors; and any person or persons convicted
thereof shall be punished by fine not exceeding $500,
or by imprisonment, not to exceed six nontlis, or by
both such fine and imprisonment.
V. Agreements for labor or personal service of any
kind, or for the use and occupation of lands and tene-
ments, or for any other lawful purpose, between freed-
men and other persons, when fairly made, will be
impartially enforced against either party violating
the same.
VI. Freed persons unable to labor, by reason of age,
or infirmity, and orpnan children of tender years, shall
have allotted to them by owners suitable quarters o a
the premises where they have been heretofore domi-
ciled as slaves, until adequate provision, approved by
the general commanding, be made for them by the
State or local authorities, or otherwise; and they shall
not be removed from the premises, unless lor disor-
derly behavior, misdemeanor, or other offense com-
mitted by the head of a family or a member thereof.
VII. Abie-bodied freedmen, when they leave the
promises in which they may be domiciled, shall take
with them and provide tor such of their relatives as
by the laws of South Carolina all citizens arc obliged
to mainta;n.
VIII. When a freed person, domiciled on a planta-
tion, refuses to work there, after having been offered
cmp'oyment by the owner or lessee 011 fair terms, ap-
proved by the agentof the Freedmen's Bureau, such
freedman or woman shall remove from the premises
within ten days after such offer, and due noticc to
remove by the owner or occupant.
IX. When able-bodied freed persons are domiciled
on premises where they have been heretofore held as
slaves, and are not employed thereon or elsewhere,
they shall bo permitted to remain on showing to the
satisfaction of the commanding officer of the post that
they have made dihgont and proper efforts to obtain
employment.
X. Freed persons occupying premises without the
authority of the United States or the permission of
the owner, and who have not been heretofore held
there as slaves, may be removed by the commanding
officer of the post on the complaint of the owner and
proof of the refusal of said freed persons to remove
after ten days' notice.
XI. Any person employed or domiciled on a plan-
tation or elsewhere, who may be rightfully dismissed
by the terms of agreement, or expelled tor misbeha-
vior, shall leave the premises, and shall not return
without the consent of the owner or tenant thereof.
XII. Commanding officers of districts will estab-
lishwithin their commands respectively suitable reg-
ulations for hiring out to labor, for a period not to
exceed one year, all vagrants who cannot be advan-
tageously employed on roads, fortifications, and other
public works. The proceeds, of such labor shall bo
p.iid over to the assistantcommissionerof the Freed-
men's Bureau, to provide for aged and infirm refu-
gees, indigent freed people, and orphan children.
XIII. The vagrant laws of the State of South Car-
olina, applicable to free white persons, will be rec-
ognized as the only vagrant laws applicable to the
freedmen; nevertheless, such laws shall not be con-
sidered applicable to persons who are without em-
ployment, if they shall prove that they have been
unable to obtain employment, after diligent efforts
to do so.
XTV. It shall be the duty of officers commanding
posts to sec that issues of rations to freedmen are
confined to destitute persons, who are unable to work
beeau.se of infirmities arising from old age, 01* chronic
diseases, orphan children too young to work, and ref-
ugee freedmen returning to their homes with the sanc-
tion of the proper authorities; and in ordering their
issues, commanding officers will be careful not to en-
courage idleness or yagrancy. District commanders
will make consolidated reports of these issues tri-
monthly.
XV. The proper authorities of the State in the
several municipalities and districts shall proceed to
make suitable provision for their poor, without dis-
tinction of color, in default of which, the general
commanding will levy an equitable tax on persons
and property sufficient for the support of tho poor.
XvT. The constitutional rights of all loyal and
well-disposed inhabitants to bear arms will not be in-
fringed; nevertheless this shall not be construed to
sanction the unlawful practice of carrying concealed
weapons; nor to authorize any person to enter with
arms on the premises of another against his consent.
