1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
913
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to lie
printed.
Mr. COA\ A A presonied a petition of me-
chanics and laborers in manufacturing estab-
lishment s. pnmnu- for such an adjustment of
the tanif of duties on imports as will afford the
amplest protection to the labor awl industry of
the countryj which was referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Finance.
He aho presented two petitions of citizens
of Pennsylvania, pru}ing that the revenue laws
as applied to internal taxation and duties on
imports may be so adjusted as will secure ample
protection to the labor and industry of the coun-
try: which were referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. COWAN. I beg leave to present the
petition of Jolni hi. Gillett, and a large number
of citizens of Philadelphia, setting forth that
the specific tax of one dollar a barrel levied by
the United States on crude petroleum is onerous
and disproportionate to the tax on any other
product of the mines, and praying that the law
may be so modified that a percentage tax upon
sales at the wells may be adopted. I move its
reference to the Committee oil Finance.
The motion wa- agreed to.
Mr.. K i I' K \\ OOF) presented tho petition of
Jane Harris, widow of George H. Harris, late
of the sixth regiment Iowa cavalry, alleged
to have been wrongfully entered on the muster
rolls as a teamster, praying to be allowed a
pension : which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. TPiUMBULL presented a petition of
manufacturers of agricultural implements, pray-
ing for a reduction of the tax on the sales of
their manufactures; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Fie also presented a petition of citizens of
Decatur, Illinois, praying that a pension may
be granted to Dr. Ira B. Curtis, who became
paralytic while serving as a contract surgeon
m the United States Army: which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. STOCKTON presented a memorial of
paper and envelope manufacturers and dealers
in stationery, remonstrating against the passage
of the bill ( S. No. TO) to amend the postal laws,
now pending in the Senate; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
New Jersey, praying for such an amendment
to the bill now pending in the Senate to pro-
vide for the national defense by establishing a
uniform militia and organizing an active vol-
unteer militia throughout the United States,
as wilt provide for volunteer cavalry in the ratio
of one third of the whole force to be estab-
lished : which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SHERMAN presented two petitions of
manufacturers of agricultural implements, pray-
ing for a redaction of the tax on sales of their
manufactures: which were referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. NORTON presented a petition ofeitizens
of Winona. Minnesota, and four petitions of
citizens of Wisconsin, praying lor the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Winona. .Minne-
sota, to Chippewa Falls, A l^cou-in: which were
referred to the Committee on Post Oilices and
Post Iloads,
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Minnesota, prayingfor compensation lor prop-
erty destroyed by the Indians in which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs.
Mr. SUMNER. I presenta petition signed by
the president and seeretaiy of a convention ot
the colored people of the State of Florida, held
011 the 12th of December. lMl", for the purpose
of si 1 tiuir forth the grievances and disabilities
under which they,ire laboring. Thev set forih
in till.- petition that, anion;.; other things, the
white people refu -e to ion' to the colored people
land for cultmi'ion. They ask a remedy tor
that, and prav Congress lo seeure to them a
homestead. They al^o a-k CmiGTos.sio acrurc
to llioni :m cvluoation, nn<l tli^y oomOudo llu'lr
O'JTII CuN'ti. ljsx SINS. NO. 58.
prayer by asking from Congress protection of
their civil rights, including the right of the
( elective franchise, i ask the reference of the
; petition to the committee ou reconstruction,
j It was so referred.
! Mr. SUMNER. I offer s everal petitions,
| numerously signed by citizens of New York,
I asking Congress to secure in the rebel States a
j truly republican form of government, anA in
i this way to carry out the solemn obligation of
I the Constitution : also, to establish irreversible
guarantees, and to act on the principle that
emancipation is not complete so long as any
black code exists, whether affecting civil or
political rights. I ask the reference of this
petition to the committee on reconstruction.
It was so referred.
Mr. FTiSSENDEN. I have a petition, nu-
merously signed, from Portland, in the State of
Maine, and adjoining towns, representing cer-
tain guarantees as necessary in order to secure
a proper reconstruction of the rebellious States.
With the leave of the Senate I will read part of
it. They pray Congress—
"Second. Xot io allow any distinction on account
of color or descent in tholnws and municipal regula- *
tions of the District of Columbia, the national capi-
tal. whose institution?, ordained by Congress, stand
before the world as representative of the national
spiiit and character."
They propose for ratification several amend-
ments to the Constitution, the second of which
is:
" Tf, by the constitution or laws of any State, per-
sons are denied, on account of their race or color, the
risht of voting equally with others, then its inhabit-
ants of that race or col or shall not be counted in deter-
mining its number of Representatives in Congress."
The fourth is:
"In no State which shall hereafter be admitted into
this Union, or which may have attempted to with-
draw from it, shall there be any distinction in the con-
stitution, laws, or municipal regulations on account
of color or descent, or any payment, either by the
State or the United States, for emancipated staves."
There are several others which I have not
read, which appear on the face of the petition.
I move the reference of this petition to tho com-
mittee on reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THUMB ULL. I ask leave to present the
petition of William C. Bryant, and others, offi-
cers of the American Free Trade League, ask-
ing for a continuance of the reciprocity treaty
between the United States and the British Prov-
inces, and that the scope of the treaty be so
enlarged as to provide for an entirely free in-
terchange of all goods between the Provinces
and this country, subject to 110 other taxes or
duties than are necessuiv to make the goods
imported in this wa\ contribute a- much to our
internal revenue as would be levied upon them
if of domestic origin. I move the reference
of this petition to the Committee oft Foreign
Relations. t
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to present the
petition of •' mechanics and laborers in Amer-
ican manufacturing establishment?, and mem-
bers of that great creative force whose hands
built and equipped our Navy and supplied the
materials that armed, equipped. and kept, the
nation's armies in the field, and literally saved
its life,'' 011 the subject of the tariff. The latter
clause of the petition is in these words:
"The workinsinen of tho United States ask only
equality in the race between nations tor supremacy
in wealth and power.''
I only desire to say thai I am glad they have
got in the word " equality" instead of "pro-
tection." I like the word' better. I move the
reference of this petition to the Committee ou
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITlimiA'WN AXI) REFERRED,
On motion of Mr. FESSRND12N. it was
0/ ■'<>'><, That the }>c titien of l).ur el e inflow, with
the accomparoiri? nancts on tile tile- of the Senate,
be referred to the Committee on Ci ,uus.
On motion of Mr. LANE, oi Kansas.it was
That the Commit tec 011 Tertitoriephedis-
ehurired from the funnel eensiuc: at era of a petition
of tlii 'r!'; of Houston, Texas, pvaviivj- foi .the con-
st! uefioti oi a railroad acioss tlie Indian Territory,
from the sooth line of Kansas to the Bed river; and
that it be referred to the Committee on the Pacifie
Kailroad.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred various peti-
tions praying for such an amendment of the
Constitution of tho United States as will forever
prohibit any State from making any distinction
in civil rights and privileges among citizens of-
the United States on account of race, color, or
descent, have instructed me to teport them
back, as that subject is under consideration, and
has been acted on by the Senate: and to ask
that the committee be discharged, and that the
petitions lie on the table.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee 011
tho Judieiary, to whom was referred the petition
of Mrs. M. J. Dixon, of Alexandria, Virginia,
praying to have certai n property which has been
sold tinder the law for the collection of direct
taxes restored to her, or the avails of it, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the petition of
Preston Starritt, formerly a messenger in the
Senate, praying for compensation which he al-
leges has been illegally withheld from him, have
instructed me to report it back accompanied by
a resolution. I ask that it be acted upon at this
time if there be no objection. It is an old mat-
ter, and the resolution will explain itself.
There being 110 objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to, as follows:
JResoIved, That Preston Starritt, a former messenger
of the Senate, having been paid the sum of $480 50, in
pursuanecof a resolution of the Senate adopted Marell
2,1865. being in full for his services to December 17,
1SG1, when his office was vacated, is not entitled to any
further compensation.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committe on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 17) givingtlio eonsentof Con-
gress to the transfer of the counties of Berke-
ley and Jefferson to the State of West Virginia,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. POMFiROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. 120) granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
city of Placerville, in the State of California,
to the most feasible point of intersection with
the Pacific railroad, in the State of Nevada,
reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom,
was referred a bill (S. No. 133) granting lands
to aid in the construction of a railroad and tel-
egraph line from the waters of the bay of San
Francisco to Humboldt bay, in the State of
California, reported it with amendments.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 140) to grant the
light of way to the Humboldt Canal Company
through the public lands of the United States,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom were referred the papers in
relation to the claim of John Egenolf, submit-
ted an adverse report; which was ordered to
bo printed.
Mr. NESMITH, from the Committee - on
Military Affair* and the Militia, to whom was
referred a bill (S. No. 105) to grant the right of
way to the Cascade Railroad Companythrough
a military reserve in Washington Territory,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. STF1WART, from the Commiltee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
107) to provide for a term of the district court
for the district of Minnesota to be held at the
city of Winona, in said district, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. NORTON, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Theodor O. Eiswald, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a. bill iS. No. loO) for the
relief of Theodor G. Eiswald. The bill was
read and passed to a second reading, aud tho
repoit was ordered to be printed.
