916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
act entitled ' i An act to establish a Bureau for
the Relief of Freedmen and Refugees," and for
other purposes. Having, with much regret,
come to the conclusion that it would not be con-
sistent with the public welfare to give my ap-
proval to the measure, I return the bill to the
Senate with my objections to its becoming a
law.
I might call to mind in advance of these
objections that there is no immediate necessity
for the proposed measure. The act to establish
a Bureau for the Relief of Freedmen and Ref-
ugees, which was approved in the month of
Mgxch last, has not yet expired. It was thought
stringent and extensive enough for the purpose
in view in time of war. Before it ceases to have
effect further experience may assist to guide us
to a wise conclusion as to the policy to be
adopted in time of peace.
I share with Congress the strongest desire to
secure to the freedmen the full enjoyment of
their freedom and property, and their entire
independence and equality in making contracts
for their labor; but the bill before me contains
provisions which in my opinion are not war-
ranted by the Constitution, and are not well
suited to accomplish the end in view.
The bill proposes to establish, by authority
of Congress, military jurisdiction over all parts
of the United States containing refugees and
freedmen. It would, by its very nature, apply
with most force to those parts of the United
States in which the freedmen most abound : and
it expressly extends the existing temporary ju-
risdiction oftha Freedmen's Bureau with greatly
enlax-ged powers over those States " in which
the ordinary course of judicial proceedings has
been interrupted by the rebellion.'' The source
from which this military jurisdiction is to ema-
nate is none other than the President of the
United States, acting through the War Depart-
ment and the Commissioner of the Freedmen's
Bureau. The agents to carry out this military
jurisdiction are to be selected either from the
Army or from civil life; the country is to be
divided into districts and sub-districts ; and the
number of salaried agents to be employed may
be equal to the number of counties or parishes
in all the United States where freedmen and
refugees are to be found.
The subjects over which this military juris-
diction is to extend in every part of the United
States include protection to ,JaH employes,
agents, and officers of this bureau in the exer-
cise of the duties imposed" upon them by the
bill. In eleven States it is further to extend
over all cases affecting freedmen and refugees
discriminated against ''by local law, custom,
■ or prejudice.'' In those eleven States the bill
subjects any white person who may be charged
with depriving aTree'dman of "'any civil rights
or immunities belonging to white persons" to
imprisonment or line, or both, without, how-
ever, defining the "civil riglite and immuni-
ties '' which are thus to be secured to the freed-
men by military law. This militaryjurisdiction
also extends to all questions that may arise re-
specting contracts. The agent who is thus to
exercise the ollice of a military judge may be a
stranger, entirely ignorant of the laws of the
place, and exposed to the errors of judgment
to which all men are liable. The exercise of
power, over w hich there is no legal supervision,
by so vast a number of agents as is contem- !
plated by the bill. must, by the very nature of ;
man, be attended by acts of caprice, injustice,
and passion.
The trials, having their origin under this bill,
are to take place without the intervention of a '
jury, and without any fixed rules of law or evi-
dence. The rules on which offenses are to
be '"heard and determined" by the numerous
agents, are such rules and regulations as the
President, through the War Department, shall
prescribe. lsTo previous presentment is re-
quired. nor any indictment charging the eonv
mis-riou of a crime against the iaws: but the
trial must proceed on charges and specifica-
tion's. The punishment will be, not what the
law declares, but such as a court-martial may
think proper; and from these arbitrary tribu-
nals there lies no appeal, no writ of error to
any of the courts in which the Constitution of
the United States vests exclusively the judicial
power of the country.
While the territory and the classes of ac-
tions and offenses that are made subject to
this measure are so extensive, the bill itself,
should it become a law, will have no limitation
in point of time, but will form a part of the
permanent legislation of the country. I can-
not reconcile a system of military jurisdiction
of this kind with the words of the Constitution,
which declare that '' no person shall be held
to answer for a capital or otherwise infamous
crime unless upon a presentment 01- indict-
ment of a grand jury, except iu cases arising
in the land and naval forces, or in the militia
when in actual scrvice in time of war or public
danger;" and that "in all criminal prosecu-
tions the accused shall enjoy the right to a
speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury
of the State or district wherein the crime shall
have been committed." The safeguards which
the experience and wisdom of ages taught our
fathers to establish as securities for the protec-
tion of the innpeent, the punishment of the
guilty, and the equal administration of justice,
are to be set aside, and for the sake of a more
vigorous interposition in behalf of justice, we
are to take the risk of the many acts of injus-
tice that would necessarily follow from an al-
most countless number of agents established in
every parish or county in nearly a third of the
States of the Union, over whose decisions there
is to be no supervision or control by the Fed-
eral courts. The power that would bo thus
placed in the hands of the President is such as
m time of peace certainly ought never to be
intrusted to any one man.
If it be asked whether the creation of such a
tribunal within a State is warranted as a meas-
ure of war, the question immediately presents
itself whether we are still engaged in war. Let
us not unnecessarily disturb the commerce and
credit and industry of the country by declar-
ing to the American people and to the world
that the United States are still in a condition
of civil war. At present there is no part of our
country in which the authority of the United
States is disputed. Offenses that may be com-
mitted by individuals should not work a for-
feiture of the rights of whole communities.
The country has returned or is returning to a
state of peace and industry, and the rebellion
is in fact at an end. The measure, therefore,
seems to be as inconsistent with the actual
condition of the country as it is at variance
with the Constitution of the United States.
If, passing from general considerations, we
examine the bill in detail, it is open to weighty
objections.
In time of war it was eminently proper that
we should provide for those who were passing
suddenly from a condition of bondage to a state
of freedom. But this bill proposes to make the
Freedmen's Bureau, established by the act of
I8G0 as one of many great and extraordinary
military measures to suppress a formidable re-
bellion, a permanent branch of the public ad-
ministration, with its powers greatly enlarged.
I have no reason to suppose, and I do not un-
derstand it to be alleged, that the act of March,
1805, has proved deficient fot the purpose for
which it was passed, although at that time, and
for a considerable period thereafter, the Gov-
ernment of the United States remained unac-
knowledged in most of the States whose inhab-
itants had been involved in the rebellion. The
institution of slavery, for the military destruc-
tion of which the Freedmen's Bureau was called
into existence as an auxiliary, has been already
effectually and finally abrogated throughout the
whole country by .an amendment of the Consti-
tution of the United States, and practically its
eradication has received the assent and concur-
rence of most of those States in which it at any
time had an exi-.tence. I am not. therefore,
able to discern, in the conditio*! of the country,
anything to justify an apprehension that the
powers and agencies of the Freedmen's Bu-
reau, which were effective for the protection of
freedmen and refugees during the actual con-
tinuance of hostilities and of African servitude,
will now, in a time of peace and after the ab-
olition of slavery, prove inadequate to the same
proper ends. If I am correct in these views,
there can be no necessity for the enlargement
of the powers of the bureau, for which provision
is made in the bill.
The third section of the bill authorizes a gen-
eral and unlimited grant of support to the des-
titute and suffering refugeesand freedmen, their
wives and children. Succeeding sections make
provision for the rent or purchase of landed
estates for freedmen, &nd for the erection for
their benefit 0/ suitable buildings for asylums
and schools, the expenses to be defrayed from
the Treasury of the whole people. The Con-
gress of the United States has never heretofore
thought itself empowered to establish asylums
beyond the limits of the District of Columbia,
except for the benefit of our disabled soldiers
and sailors. Tthasneverfounded schoolsforany
class of our own people, not even for the orphans
of those who have fallen in the defense of the
Union, but has left the care of education to the
much more competent and efficient control of
the States, of communities, of private associ-
ations, and of individuals. It has never deemed
itself authorized to expend the public money
for the rent or purchase of homes for the thou-
sands, not to say millions, of the white race,
who are honestly toiling from day to day for
their subsistence. A system for the support of
indigent persons in the United States was never
contemplated by the authors of the Constitu-
tion, nor can any good reason be advanced why,
as a permanent establishment, it .should be
founded for one class or color of our people
more than another. Pending the war. many
refugees and freedmen received support from
• the Government, but it was never intended that
they should thenceforth be fed, clothed, edu-
cated, and sheltered by the United States. The
idea on which the slaves were assisted to free-
dom was that, on becoming free, they would be
a self-sustaining population. Any legislation
that shall imply that they are not expected to
attain a self-sustaining condition must have a
tendency injurious alike to their character and
their prospects.
The appointment of an agent for every county
and parish will create an immense patronage;
and the expense of the numerous officers and
their clerks, to be appointed by the President,
will be great in the beginning, with a tendency
steadily to increase. The appropriations asked
by the Freedmen's Bureau, as now established,
for the year 1806, amount to $11,74.3,000. It
may be safely estimated that the cost to be in-
curred under the pending bill will require double
that amount—more than the entire sum ex-
pended in any one year under the administia-
tion of the second Adams. If the presence of
agents in every parish and county is to be con-
sidered as a war measure, opposition, or even
resistance, might be provoked, so that, to give
effect to their jurisdiction, troops would have
to be stationed within reach of every one of
them, and thus a large standing force be ren-
dered necessary. Large appropriations would
therefore be required to sustain and enforce
military jurisdiction in every county or parish,
from the Potomac to the Rio Grande. The
condition of our fiscal affairs is encouraging;
but in order to sustain the present measure of
public confidence, it is necessary that we prac-
tice not merely customary economy, but, as far
as possible, severe retrenchment.
In addition to the objections already stated,
the fifth section of the bill proposes to take
away land from its former owners without aty
legal proceedings being first hud, contrary to
that provision of the Constitution which de-
clares that 110 person shall "be deprived of
life, liberty, or property without due process of
law." It does not appear that a part of the
lands to which this section refers may not be
owned by minors, or persons of unsound mind,
