1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
or by those who have been faithful to all their
obligations as citizens ol' the United States.
If any portion of the land is held by such per-
sons. it is not competent for any authority to
deprive them of it. If, on the other hand, it
be found that the property is liable to confis-
cation, even then it cannot be appropriated to
public purposes until by due process of law it
shall have been declared forfeited to the Gov-
ernment.
There is still further objection to the bill on
grounds seriously affecting the class of persons
to whom it is designed to bring relief. It will
tend to kepp the mind of the freedraan in a
state of uncertain expectation and restlessness,
while to those among whom he lives it will be
a source of constant and vague apprehension.
Undoubtedly the freedman should be pro-
tected, but he should be protected by the civil
authorities, especially by the exercise of all the
constitutional powers of the courts ofthe United^
States and of the States. His condition is not
so exposed as may at iirstbe imagined, He is
in a portion of the country where his labor
cannot well be spared. Competition for his
services from planters, from those who are con-
structing or repairing railroads, and from capi-
talists in his vicinage or from other Slates, will
enable him to command almost his own terms.
He also possesses a perfect right to change his
place of abode; and if, therefore, he does not
find in one community or State a mode of life
suited to his desires, or proper remuneration
for his labor, he can move to another, where
that labor is more esteemed and better rewarded.
In truth, however, each State, induced by its
own wants and interests, will do what is neces-
sary and proper to retain within its borders all
the"labor that is needed for the development of
its resources. The laws that regulate supply
and demand will maintain their force, and the
wages of the laborer will be regulated thereby.
There is no danger that the exceedingly great
demand for labor will not operate in favor of
the laborer.
Neither is sufficient consideration given to
the ability of the freedmen to protect and take
care of themselves, it is no more than justice
to them to believe that as they have received
tlieir freedom with moderation and forbear-
ance, so they will distinguish themselves by
their industry and thrift, and soon show the
world that in a condition $f freedom they are
self-sustaining, capable of selecting their own
employment and their own places of abode, of
insisting, for themselves, on a proper remuner-
ation. and of establishing and maintaining their
own asylums and schools. It is earnestly hoped
the rebellion. Now the case is changed, and
some at least of those States are attending Con-
gress by loyal Representatives, soliciting the
allowance of the constitutional right of repre-
sentation. At the time, however, of the con-
sideration and the passing of this bill, there was
no Senator or Representative in Congress from
the eleven States which are to be mainly affected
by its provisions. The very fact that reports
were and are made against the good disposition
of the people of that portion of the country is
an additional reason why they need, and should
have Representatives of their own in Congress
to explain their conditon, reply to accusations,
and assist,,bv their local knowledge, in the per-
fecting of measures immediately affecting them-
selves. "While the liberty of deliberation would
then be free, and Congress would have full
power to decide according to its judgment, there
could be no objection urged that the States
most interested had not been permitted to be
heard. The principle is firmly fixed in the minds
of the A merican people, that there should be
no taxation without representation.
Great burdens have now to be borne by all
the country, and we may best demand that they
shall be borne without murmur when they are
voted by a majority of the representatives of
all the people. I would not interfere with the
unquestionable right of Congress to judge, each
House for itself, "of the elections, returns,
and qualifications of its own members.'' but
that authority cannot be construed as including
; the right to shut out, in time of peace, any
i State from the representation to which it is en-
! titled by the Constitution. At present, all the
I people of eleven States are excluded—those
] who were most faithful during the war not less
j than others. The State of Tennessee, for in-
! stance, whose authorities engaged in Rebellion,
i was restored to all her constitutional relations
to the Union by the patriotism and energy of
her injured and betrayed people. Before the
war was brought to a termination they had
placed themselves in relations with the Gen-
eral Government, had established a State gov-
ernment of their own: as they were not included
in the emancipation proclamation, they by their
own act had amended their constitution soas to
abolish slavery within the limits of their State.
I know no reason why the State of Tennessee,
for example, should not fully enjoy ''all her
constitutional relations to the United States."
The President of the United States stands
toward the country in a somewhat different
attitude from that of any member of Congress.
Each member of Congress is chosen from a
tingle district or State ; the President is chosen
that instead of wasting away, they will."by their j by the people ot all the States. As ele^en^aie^
own efforts, establish for themselves a condi '  * ' 
tton of respect, ability, and prosperity. It is
certain that they can attain to that condition
Only through their own merits and exertions.
In this connection the query presents itself,
whether the system proposed by the bill will not,
when put into complete operation, practically
transfer the entire care, support, and control
of four million emancipated slaves to agents,
overseers, or task-masters who, appointed at
Washington, are to be located in every county
n'ot at this time represented in either branch of
Congress, it would seem to be his duty, on ail
proper occasions, to present their just claims to
Congress. There always wiil be differences of
opinion in the community, and individuals may
be guilty of transgressions of the law; but these
do not constitute valid objections against the
right of a State to representation. I would in
nowise interfere with the discretion of Con-
gress with regard to the qualifications of mem-
bers: but I hold it my duty to lecommend to
and"parish"throughout the United States eon- j you, in the interests of peace and m the mter-
• • . freedmen and refugees? Such a sys- - ests of union, .lie admission ot every State to
tamin_  
tem would inevitably tend to a concentration ;
of power in the Executive. whicn would enable
liini. if f,o disposed, to control the action of ^
this numerous class and use them for the j
attainment of lii^ own political ends. _ 1
1 cannot but add another very grave objee- j
tion to this bill. The Constitution imperatively j
declares, in connection with taxation, that each ,
State shall have at least one Representative, j
and fixes the rule for the number to which m i
future times each State shall be emitted. _ It ;
also provides that the Senate ot the Lnited ;
States .shall be composed of two Senators from :
each State, and adds with peculiar force, "that
no State, w ithout its consent, shall be depi-iy eu ;
of its equal suffrage in the Senate. ^ iheou-
aiual act was necessarily passed in tne a >setico
ofthe State* ehiellyto be affected, because their
people were then "contumaciously engaged m
its share in public legislation, when, however
insubordinate, insurgent, or rebellious its peo-
ple may have been, it presents itselt not only
in an attitude of loyalty and harmony, but in
the persons of Representatives whose loyalty
cannot be questioned under any existing con-
stitutional or legal test.
It is plain that an indefinite or permanent
exclusion of any part of the country from rep-
! resentation must be attended by a spirit of dis-
; quiet and complaint. It is unwise and danger-
' ous to pursue a course of measures which will
i unite a very large section of the country against
i another section of the country, however much
the 1-itter may preponderate. Lhe course of
emigration, the development of industry ana
business, and natural causes will raise up at the
South men as devoted to the U nion as those ot
i any other part of the land. But if they are all
excluded from Congress, if, in a permanent
statute, they are declared not to be m full con-
stitutional relations to the country, they may
think they have cause to become a* unit in feel-
ing and sentiment against the Government.
Under the political education ofthe American
people the idea is inherent and ineradicable
that the consent of the majority of thowhole
people is necessary to secure a willing acqui-
escence in legislation.
The bill under consideration refers to certain
of the States as though they had not '''been
fully restored in all their constitutional relations
to the United States." If they have not, let
us at once act together to secure that desira-
ble end at- the earliest possible moment. It
is hardly necessary for me to inform Congress
that, in my own judgment, most of these States,
so far at least as depends upon their own action,
have already been fully restored, and are to be
deemed as entitled to enjoy their constitutional
rights as members of the Union. Reasoning
from the Constitution itself, and from the act-
ual situation of the country , I feel not only en-
titled, but bound, to assume that, with the Fed-
eral courts restored, and those of the several
States in the full exercise of their functions,
therights and interests of all classes of the peo-
ple will, with the aid of the military in cases of
resistance to the laws, be essentially protected
against unconstitutional infringement or viola-
Uon. Should this expectation unhappily fail,
which I do not anticipate, then the Executive
is already fully armed with the powers con-
ferred by the act of March, 1865, establishing
the Frcedmen's Bureau, and hereafter, as here-
tofore, he can employ the laud and naval forces
of the country to suppiess insurrection or to
overcome obstructions to the laws.
In accordance with the Constitution I return
the bill to the Senate, in the earnest hope that
a measure involving questions and interests so
important to the country will not become a law
unless, upon deliberate consideration by the
people, it shall receive the sanction of an en-
lightened public judgment.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
The conclusion of the reading of the mes-
sage was followed by loud applause and hisses
in the galleries.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms will proceed to clear those por-
tions of the galleries where disturbances were
made.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the whole gallery be
cleared.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. All por-
tions of the galleries where disturbances were
made will be cleared, if those portions can be
discriminated; otherwise, the whole galleries
will be cleared.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the bill which
has been returned by the President is now
before the Senate.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore.. Order must
be restored by first clearing the galleries before
public business can be proceeded with.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest whether, at this
late period of the day's^ session, it is worth
while to clear the galleries.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state to the Sen-
ator from Ohio that this is a repetition of the
disturbance this afternoon. There was one
disturbance in the gallery in the eaily part of
the day, and notice was distinctly given that if
it was repeated the galleries would be cleared.
The public business of the country cannot be
transacted if we are to be disturbed by the
noise ofthe galleries; and after having given
them notice, if the galleries will persist in
making disturbance, I see no other way but
to enforce the rule and clear them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will have the galleries cleared, unless other-
wise directed by the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope only that portion
will be cleared that created the disturbance.
The Sergeant-at-Arms, in pursuance of the
order of the President pro tempore, proceeded
to clear the western portion of the galleries.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It is now almostfour
