918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
o'clock, and there is a necessity for a brief exec-
utrvesession. ["No." "No."] Do you,gentle-
men, expect to liave a vote upon this bill to-
night? ['■ Certainly."] I shall certainly desire
to have the message printed first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This bill
having been returned by the President of the
United States with his objections, it becomes
the duty of the Senate, this being the House in
which the bill originated, to enter the objections
at large upon their Journal and to proceed to
reconsider the bill passed hy them. Tt is the
impression of the Chair that no vote of recon-
sideration is required, but the Senate proceed
to reconsider the bill, and the question is taken
whether the Senate will pass the bill, the objec-
tions of the President to the contrary notwith-
standing, without any formal vote of reconsid-
eration. The question therefore is, Shall the
bill pass notwithstanding the objections of the
President?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I now move that the
message of the President, only a portion of
which I have heard, being absent from the
Chamber a part of the time, be printed for the
use of the Senate, and that the vote on this bill
be postponed until to-morrow at one o'clock.
It is but respectful to the President that that
be done.
Mr. GRIMES. Is the motion susceptible of
division ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks it is.
Mr. GRIMES. If so, I call for a division
of the motion, so that the question shall first
be put upon printing the message. I am per-
fectly satisfied that that shall be adopted ; but
let us proceed to the consideration of the bill
now. I call for a division of the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
question will first he on printing the message.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to say but
one word. This is a message from the Presi-
dent of the United States, elected by the party
holding the majority of this Senate. I am very
anxious, so far as I am concerned, to preserve
the unanimity, the union of the loyal party of
the United States, the Republican Union party.
I am anxious to read this message. I do not
know what the custom of Congress has been,
but my recollection is that heretofore these
messages have been printed and that the vote
has been taken after the message was laid upon
the tables of Senators. I therefore hope that
this message will be printed, and that the vote
will be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. McDOUGALL, I desire to say that the
President of the United States is recognized, I
think, by this body as such, and he has sent to
us a message which has been delivered within
the past hour. He has with great care and
great courtesy asked the consideration of this
body on this question, and I do not think there
is any one of the members of this body who
would, out of common respect to the President
of the Republic, undertake to discuss it now
until he had the opportunity of consideration.
I think it would be a rudeness to him, and if
rudeness is intended, let it be asserted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is upon the motion of the Senator from i
Kansas that the message of the President be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resi-
due of the motion is, that the further consider-
ation of this bill be postponed until to-morrow
at one o'clock.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. On that motion I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. POLAND (when Mr. Foot's name was
called) said: 1 desire to state that my colleague
is detained by sickness and unable to be here.
The rcult was announced—yeas 17, nays 28;
as follows:
—-V': Bui kaltnv, Cowan, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Guthrie. Hendricks, I,am; of Kansas,
MeDouu'all, Morgan, Xesmith, Kiddle. Saulsbury,
Stewart. Stockton, Y an Winkle, and Willey—17.
NAY'S—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark,
Conness, Cragin, Creswell, Fessenden, Foster, Grimes,
Harris, Howard, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane of Indiana,
Morrill, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman,
Sprague, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Williams, Wil-
son, and Yates—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Foot, Henderson, Johnson, Nor-
ton, and Wright—5.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. _ The bill is
before the Senate, and the question is, Shall the
bill pass, the objections of the President not-
withstanding?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move that the
Senate do now adjourn, and on the motion I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bucltalew, Cowan, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Guthrie, Harris, Hendricks, Lane of Kan-
sas, MeDougall, Morgan, Nesmith, Riddle, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Stewart, Stockton, Van Winkle, and Wil-
ley—19.
Is A YS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark,
Conness, Creswell, Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, How-
ard, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane of Indiana, Morrill,
Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sprague, Sumner,
Trumbull, Wado, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cragin, Foot, Henderson, John-
son, Norton, and Wright—6.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. There are several
Senators absent, and I think it but just to them
that they should have an opportunity to be
present when the vote is taken on this bill. I
cannot consent, as long as I can postpone this
question by the rules of the Senate, to have a
vote upon it to night. I therefore move that
the further consideration of the bill be post-
poned until to-morrow at two o'clock, and on
that motion I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 29 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Guthrie, Hendricks, Lane of Kansas, Mc-
Dougall.^Iorgan, Nesmith, Riddle, Saulsbury, Stew-
art, Stockton, Van Winkle, and Willey—17.
NAYS—Messis. Anthony, Bt own, Chandler, Clark,
Conness, Cragin,Creswell, Fessenden, Foster, Grimes,
Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane
of Indiana. Morrill, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Kamsey,
Sherman, Sprapuo, Sumner. Trumbull, Wade, Wil-
liams, Wilson, and Yates—29.
ABSENT.—Messrs. Foot, Johnson, Norton, and
W right—1.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I think that the majority of
the Senate ought, in propriety and magnanim-
ity, to postpone the consideration of this ques-
tion until to-morrow. The honorable Senator
from Illinois who introduced the bill 
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky give way to me for a mo-
ment ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, before sub-
mitting a motion, I have a word to say, with the
consent of the Senator frOm Kentucky. I have
voted twice against the postponement of this
question until to-morrow. 1 am prepared to
give my vote upon it to-night: but when Sen-
ators here say they desire time to read so im-
portant a document as this, the time to con-
sider and reflect upon the importance of the
vote thev are about to cast, I think it a very
hard thing for us to refuse an adjournment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I was not present
when a portion of the message was read.
Mr. SHERMAN. The honorable Senator
from Kansas, who is certainly a true friend to
the cause in which we are engaged, says he has
not heard this message. It seems to me it is
rather hard to press a vote to-night, especially
when the ordinary time of adjournment has
arrived. I think a few hours' sober reflection
will not do any of us any harm. It is manifest
that to attempt to force a vote on this bill to-
night would probably exhaust the strength of
all of us I do not believe it is possible to ob-
tain a vote to-night. If four fifths of the Sen-
ate were in favor of it, they could not pass it
to-night even against a minority of two oi three.
Now, wdien the proposition is made by one of
our own political friends to postpone this mat-
ter by an adjournment, so that it may come up
to-morrow as unfinished business, I think we
ought not to deny the motion. I therefore move
that the Senate do now adjourn. This question,
as I understand, will come up as the unfinished
business to-morrow and will overrule the spe-
cial order.
The PRESIDENTjm'o tempore. Thatis the
rule of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. So that this bill will come
up at one o'clock to-morrow and be the pend-
ing question. I therefore move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 19, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and •
approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the calling of the States and Territories for
the introduction of bills on leave, to be referred
to tlj,e appropriate committees, and not to be
brought back into the House by motions to
reconsider, beginning with the State of Maine.
eight hours labor a day.
Mr. ROGERS introduced a bill constituting
eight hours a day's work for all laborers, work-
men, and mechanics employed by or in behalf
of the Government of the United States.
Mr. BANKS. Let it be reported.
The bill was accordingly read. It constitutes
eight hours a day's work for all laborers, work-
men, and mechanics employed by the United
States, and repeals all acts inconsistent there-
with.
The bill was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
taxation 01' government bonds.
Mr. ROGERS also introduced a bill repeal-
ing all acts of Congress exempting Government
bonds and securities from Inderal, municipal,
or State taxation; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. ROGERS. Would it be proper to refer
that to the Committee on the Judiciary?
The SPEAKER. A question of taxation
goes to the Committee of Ways and Means
unless a motion is made to refer it otherwise.
Mr. WENTWOIITII. I move to refer it to
the Committee on the Judiciary. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means do not want it.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
accordingly referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
bounties to volunteers.
Mr. ROGERS also introduced a bill to pay
a bounty to the volunteers of 1801 and 1802
equal to the highest bounty paid to the volun-
teers of 1803 and 1804, equalizing the bounty
according to the time of service, Ac.: which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
ciiauncey b. sabine and peter w. gray.
Mr. RAYMOND introduced a bill for the
relief of Chauncey B. Sabine and Peter W.
Gray, of Harris county, Texas; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
hospitals and barracks in the south.
Mr. SPALDING submitted the following
joint resolution; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs:
Resolved hy the Senate and House of Jirprenentatims,
<Src.. That the Secretary of War be, ami is hereby,
authorized to transmit to any benevolent institution
designated by the Governors in any one of the south-
ern States in which temporary encampments, bar-
racks, and hospitals of the United States may be sit-
uated, the materials of which said encampments,
barracks, and hospitals wore constructed, whenever,
in his judgment, the interests of the United States
will not be prejudiced thereby: J'tuvtded, That no
one transfer as aforesaid shall exceed in value tho
sum of 55,000.
river and harbor improvements.
Mr. BUCKLAND introduced a bill making
appropriations for improving the harbors of
