1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
md
Sandusky city, Huron, and Vermillion, and the
navigation of the Sandusky river and head of
Sandusky bay; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
BOUNTIES TO OXE IIUXDItED DAYS7 MEN.
Mr. CLAUIvE, of Ohio, introduced a bill to
give a bounty in land to the officers and sol-
diers of the one hundred days'men 5 which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
Mr. McKEE introduced the following joint
resolution 5 which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, and ordered to be printed:
Ilcsohed by the Senate and House of lleprexentatives,
dx\, That the following amendment to the Constitu-
tion be proposed to the several State Legislatures,
which, when ratified by three fourths of the several
States, shall be valid to all intents and purposes as a
part of the Constitution:
Article —. No person shall be qualified or shall
hold the office of President or Vicc President of the
United States, Senator or Itcprcsentative in the na-
tional Congress, or any office now held under appoint-
ment from the President of the United States, and
requiring the confirmation of the Senate, who has
been or shall horcatterbc engaged in any armed con-
spivocy or rebellion against the Government of the
United States, or who has held or shall hereafter hold
any otliee, either civil or military, under any pre-
tended government or conspiracy set up within the
same, or who has voluntarily aided, or who shall here-
alter voluntarily aid, abet, or encourage any conspir-
acy or rebellion againbt the Government of the Uni-
ted States.
HOSPITAL AT JEFFEItSONYILLE.
Mr. FARQTJHAJl introduced a joint reso-
lution confirming the transfer of the United
States hospital at Jcffersonville, Indiana, to the
State of Indiana as a donation for the benefit
of Indiana soldiers and seamen disabled in the
service of the United States; which was read
a iir&t and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
ILLEGAL ARRESTS AND PItOSECUTIONS.
Mr. MO ULTON introduced a bill for the pro-
tection of persons against illegal arrests and
prosecutions for acts done under authority of j
Government or military authority; which was 1
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
CONS CITCTIONAL AMENDMENTS.
Mr. BROM'WELL introduced a joint reso-
lution declaratory of the right of amending the
Federal Constitution.
Mr. ELDItlDGE. Let the joint resolution
be read.
It was read as follows:
Resolved bw the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Sfotei i/i C^nnress assembled, That the
States of this Union whiehdid not renounce their al-
legiance to the Federal Government during the late
rebellion, but stood together maintaining thesamein
the i \cc of the enemy through a war waged against
the Union for the subversion of the Federal Consti-
tution, aretheonly States clothed with legal power to
consider and decide upon amendments to that Consti-
tution: and that States which did, by their Legisla-
tures. call conventions for the purpose of expressly
denying allegiance to the Federal Constitution and
GovcinmentTand did bysuch conventions ordain de-
nial of such allegiance : and did,by their conventions,
Lcssisi.itui c?«. Judiciaries, executives, and people turn
over their State governments and powers, civil and
militarv, to another anddistinctnationahty sought to
be created, lor the purpose of waging war against
this Government; and did abrogate nil State gov- ■
crnmcnt as States of this Union; and did abdicate
all government as in and ot this Union ; and did by :
their oreanizat ions and people wage war against this
Government and people, until overthrown by lorce;
and who arc not now by their military power in
the field agninst our armies, because foicc and
meant tail them to make further war; and who«e
people claim their live> a* public enemies conquered
in battle, are incompetent at law, and have no right
in con^-ience to vote upon any amendment or tno
Federal Constitution, or otherwise act so as to attcct
the riffhts of loval States, until first restored to full
poworin this Union by Congress; but that when any
amendment, sdiall be proposed by Congress and rati-
fied by the Legislatures of three fourths of the loyal
and recognized States, the same shaU^ be taken and
held thereafter as part of the Constitution oi the
United States for all purposes.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I move to lay the joint
resolution on the tabic.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, wider
this call, to move to lay the joint resolution on
the table. The gentleman can object to grant-
ing leave for its introduction, and that question
will be decided by a vote of the House.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I object to leave being
granted to introduce Ihe joint resolution.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 78, noes 21.
So leave was granted ; and the joint resolution
was received, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
SUITS AGAINST LOYAL MEN.
Mr. COOK introduced abill toamend an act
entitled "An act relating to habeas corpus and
rcgulatingjudicial proceedings in certain cases,"
approved March 0,18U3; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
PENSION'S II* CIVIL SERVICE.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois, introduced a
joint resolution relative to pensions in civil ser-
vice ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
RAILROAD FARES AND RATES.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois, also introduced
a bill to amend an act to provide internal rev-
enue to support the Government, approved
June 3, 18G4, as amended March 3. 1865, re-
specting railroad fares and rates; which was
read a lirst and second time, referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
DUTY ON PRINTING PAPER.
Mr. INGERSOLL introduced a joint reso-
lution reducing the duty on printing paper un-
sized, and used for books and newspapers ex-
clusively; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
PAYMASTERS IN TIIE UNITED STATES ARMY. •
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, introduced a bill for
the relief of paymasters in the Army of the
United States; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
REIMBURSEMENT OF MISSOURI.
Mr. LOAN introduced a bill to reimburse
the State of Missouri for moneys expended for
the United States; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the selcct committee
on war debts of loyal States, and ordered to be
printed.
EMIGRATION FROM EUROPE TO MICHIGAN.
Mr. FERRY introduced a bill for a grant of
lands to aid and encourage emigration from
Europe to the upper peninsula of Michigan;
which was read a lirst and sccond time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
IOWA AND MISSOURI RAILROAD.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, introduced a bill
granting land to the Iowa and Missouri State Line
Railroad Company,.and for other purposes:
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
BRIDGE ACROSS THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. WILSON, oflowa, also introduced a bill
to authorize the Keokuk and Hamilton Missis-
sippi Bridge Company to construct and operate
a railroad, wagon, and foot bridge across the
Mississippi river, and to declare the same a
military road and post road; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
SIOUX INDIAN DEPREDATIONS.
Mr. HUBBARD, oflowa, introduced a bill
for the relief of citizens of Iowa tor damages
sustained by reason of depredations and injuries
bv eeitain bands of Sioux Indians; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
RECLAMATION OF SWAMP LANDS.
Mr. COBB introduced a bill to amend an
act entitled "Ail act to extend the provisions
of an act entitled ' An act to enable the State
of Arkansas and other States, to reclaim the
swamp lands within their limits, to Minnesota
and Oregon,andforot.herpurposes,' " approved
March 12, 18G0; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
TRADE ON TIIE CANADIAN FRONTIER.
Mr. PAINE introduced a bill to regulate the
foreign and coasting trade on the northern,
northwestern, and northeastern frontiers, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
*
POST ROADS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BIDWELL introduced a bill to establish
certain post roads in the State of California;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
DONATIONS OF PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. McRUER introduced a bill to confirm to
the State of California, and purchasers under
her laws, selections of land made in part satis-
faction of the various acts of donation by Con-
gress ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
RAILROAD LAND GRANT TO MINNESOTA.
Mr. WINDOM introduced a bill making an
additional grant of lands to the State of Min-
nesota, in alternate sections, to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad in said State; which,
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
A. MORRISON.
Mr. HENDERSON introduced a bill to in-
demnity A. Morrison for property destroyed
by Indians ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada, introduced a bill
to donate public lands for certain purposes to
the parties therein named ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad.
WAGON ROAD IN UTAH.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada, also introduced
a bill authorizing a wagon road in the Territory
of Utah; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
CAPITOL BUILDING IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. CHAVES introduced a bill to appro-
priate the sum of $30,000 for the completion
of the capitol in the Territory of New Mexico;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Territories.
NEW MEXICO AND ARIZONA.
Mr. CHAVES also introduced a bill for the
relief of the inhabitants of towns and villages
in the Territories of New Mexico and Arizona;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
PORTS 0? ENTRY.
Mr. DENNY introduced a bill to change the
location of the ports of entry for the Puget sound
collection district; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
INDIAN SUPERINTENDENT FOR COLORADO.
Mr. BRADFORD introduced a bill in rela-
tion to the office of superintendent of Indian
affairs in Colorado Territory ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN* COLORADO.
Mr. BRADFORD also introduced a bill to
provide for the construction of public build-
ings in Colorado Territory; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
