920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
SALARY OF JUDGES IN COLORADO.
Mr. BRADFORD also introduced a bill to
increase the salary of the judges of the supreme
court of Colorado Territory; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IX BROOKLYN.
Mr. J. HUMPHREY introduced a joint res-
olution to appoint a commission to select a
site for a building for a post office and court-
house in the city of Brooklyn, State of New
York; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
_ Mr. SMITH introduced a bill to amend the
sixth paragraph of section seventy-nine of an
act to provide internal revenue, &c.. approved
March, 1865 ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be the call of States and Territories
for bills and resolutions in an inverse order,
commencing with the Territory of Montana.
PUNISHMENT OF REBELS.
Mr. HENDERSON submitted the following
resolutions, on which he demanded the previous
question :
1. Jlewhed, That it is thesenscof this Houseall just
and righteous Governments are intended not to confer
rights and privileges upon the subicets thereof, but to
secure to each and every individual the full, free,
and untrammeled exercise and enjoyment of all those
rights which God lias bestowed upon him.
2. Revo/veil, That the safety, happiness, and pros-
perity of the people require that just and adequate
penalties be annexed to the violation of law. and that
those penalties be inflicted upon transsressois, not
for the purpose ol retaliation or revenge, but to insure
subonlination and obedience.
3- Resolved further, That we will stand by and sus-
tain the President in executing the laws of the United
States upon a sufficient number of leading rebels in
each of the States lately in insurrection against the
national Government to vimlicHte the majesty of the
law, to sustain the confidence of loyal people, and
Warn the refractory for all time to come.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. BRANDEGEE stated he rose to debate
the resolutions.
The resolutions went over under the rule.
IOWA AND MISSOURI STATE LINE RAILROAD.
. Mr. KASSON presented joint resolution and
memorial of the State of Iowa asking Con-
gress for a grant of lands to aid in the con-
struction of the Iowa and Missouri State Line
Railroad : which were referred to the Commit-
tee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. GRINNELL presented a similar reso-
lution; which had a like reference.
RECIPROCITY TRKATY.
Mr. KASSON presented the memorial of the
Amciicau Free Trade League in reference to
the reciprocity treaty; which was referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr.LONGYEAR submitted the following,
on which he demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That in the language of the proclama-
tion ol the President of May 21', 1803, "the rebellion
which wa« waged by a portion of the people of the
United States acrainst the*, propeily constituted au-
thorities ol the Government thereof in the most vio-
lent and re\oltmg form, but whose oiganized and
armed iorceshave now been almost entirely over-
come, hasm its revolutionary progress deprived the
people" of the States in which it was oiganized "of
all civil government.''
Ji'-sn/oe'L That whenever the people of any State
are thus "deprived of all civil government,'' it be-
comes the duty of Congress, by appropriate lcsrisla-
tion^to enable them to organize a State government,
and in the language of the Constitution to guaranty
to sueh State a republican form of government.
Rc^/'ved, That it i> the deliberate scn-e oi'thHlIousc
that the condition oi the rebel States fully j uglifies the
I reMaentin maintaimncrthe suspension of the writ of !
corpvH in those States. i
AVso/iW, That it is the deliberate sense of thi« House
that 1 ae condition of the rebel States fully ju-tiiie^ the
I rei-iueii t m maintaining mihu:rv po-^soMon ami con-
trol t hereof, and that the Pre>ident is entitled to the
thank* of 1 he nationfor employing the war power
for the protection of Lnion citizens and the freedmen
m those btates.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. LE BLOND demanded the yeas and
nays. •
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. 6 ROOM ALL. I ask for a separate vote
on the first resolution.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I ask a sepa-
rate vote on all of thosresolutions.
The main question was ordered.
Mr. LE BLOND. I do not ask for the yeas
and nays on each resolution, but on the entire
proposition.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I make the point of order
that, after the yeas and nays were ordered, it
was not in order to call for a division.
The SPEAKER. The rule provides that
any member may call for a division of a ques-
tion susceptible of a division, before the main
question is ordered.
Mr. BROOMALL, and Mr. LAWRENCE of
Ohio, withdrew the demand for a division.
Mr. FINCK moved that the resolutions be laid
upon the table.
Mr. LE BLOND demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RAYMOND. I wish to say, before de-
manding a division 
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I object to debate.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 29, nays 119, not voting
34 j as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Brooks, Chanler,
Dawson, Eldridge, Finck, Glossbrenner, Goodyear,
Grider, Aaron Harding, iiogan, JamesM. Humphrey,
Kerr, Le Blond, Marshall, McCullough, Niblack,
Nicholson. Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Ritter, Rog-
ers, Ross, Shanklin, T&ber, Thornton, Trimble, and
"V oorhees—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson,Delos R.Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter,
Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Bout-
well, Biomwell, Bioomall, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
01 nrke, Cobb. Conkling, Cook,Cullom, Dawes, Doming,
Donnelly,Driggs,Eekley,Eggleston,Eliot,Farnsworth, j
tFarqu&ar, Ferry, Garfield. Grinnell, Gnswold. Hale,
Abner C. Harding, Hayes,Henderson, Higby, Holmes,
Hooper. Asahel W.Hubbard Chester D. Hubbard,
Demas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard. James R. Hub-
bell, Hulburd, James Humphrey, Ingersoll. Jenckes,
Julian, Kasson.Kelley, Kelso, Ketehain.Kuykendall,
Lafiin, Latham, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Loan,Longyear, Lynch, Marvin, McClurg,Mc-
Indoe, MeKe®, McRuer, iVlercur, Moorhead, Morrill,
Morris. Moulton. Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Pat-
terson, Perham,Phelps, Pike,Plants,Pomeroy Price,
William H. Randall, Raymond. Alexander H. Rice,
John H. Rice. Rollins, Rousseau, Sawyer, Schenck,
Seofiehl, Shellabarger, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Starr,
Stevens, Thayer, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Up-
son, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van
Horn, Waid. Warner, Elihu B. Washburn©. William
B. Washburn. Welker, Wentworth, Whaley, Wil-
liam*. James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom,
and Wood bridge—110.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Alley, Ames Barker,
Blow, Boyer, Brandegee, Buckland, Bundy, Culver,
Darling, Davis, Defrees, Delano, Denison, Dixon, Du-
mont, Harris, Hart, Hill, Ilotchkiss. Edwin N. Hub-
bell, Johnson, Jones, Marston, Miller, Newell. Noell,
Sitgreaves, Stilwell, Strouse,Taylor, Francis Thomas,
Winfield, and Wright—34.
So the resolutions were not laid upon the
table.
Pending the roll-call,
Mr. LOAN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Blow, was detained from the House by sickness.
Mr. R AYMOND. I desire to ask a question.
I will not trespass one minute.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I object.
Mr. RAYMOND. Then I call for a division.
I wished to ask a question which I thought
might obviate the necessity of a division.
Mr. ILSON, of Iowa. Well, I will hear
that.
Mr. RAYMOND. I desire to ask 
Mr. LE BLOND. I object unless the gentle-
men on the other side permit us on this side to
offer our reasons why we vote against some of
the^e resolutions. I am perfectly willing to
ex'end the courtesy to the gentlemen on the
other side if it is only extended to us on this
side.
Mr. R AYM0ND. If the gentleman will
allow me to stnte my question, perhaps he will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. LE BLOND. I have no donbt the gen-
tleman has good reason for his action, but \
insi>t upon the objection unless it is understood
that we have the same courtesy extended to
this side.
Mr. RAYMOND. I then ask to have a sep-
arate vote taken on the first two resolutions
Mr. WENTWORTH. I will ask a separate
vote on each one of them.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I demand the
yeas and nays on the first.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, has not the
morning hour expired?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, but the previous question has been
seconded and the main question is now being
put.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I raise
the question whether the last resolution is not
susceptible of division; it states two distinct
propositions, and I call for a division of it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is.
The yeas and nayswere ordered on the adop-
tion of the first resolution.
Mr. SMITH. I raise the question of order
whether these resolutions should not go, under
the rule, to the committee on reconstruction.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined
that question, and is of opinion that they would
not go to that committee. But the point of order
comes too late now after the previous question
has been seconded, and the main question or-
dered.
The question was upon agreeing to the first
resolution, which was as follows :
Resolved, That in the language of the proclama-
tion of the President of May 29,1865, "the rebellion
which was waged by a portion of the people of the
United States against the pi operly constit u ted au thor-
ities of the Government thereof in the most violent
and revolting form, but whose organized and armed
forces have now been almost entirely overcome, has
in its revolutionary progress deprived the people" of
the States in which it was organized " of all civil gov-
ernment."
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 36, not voting
44 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks. Bax-
ter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine,
Boutwell, Brandecee, Bromwell, Broomall. Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, De-
frees, Deming, Donnelly, Driggs. Eekley, Esgleston,
Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Abner
C. Harding, Hayes, Henderson, Hiorby, Holmes, Hoo-
per, Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard. John H.
Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Ilulburd, Ingersoll,
Jenekes. Julian. Kas«on, Keliey, Kelso, TCeteham,
Kuykendall. Lailin, "William Lawrence, Loan, Long-
year, Lynch, Marston, Marvin, McClurg, Melndoe,
MeKee, McRuer, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris. Moul-
ton, Myers. O'Neill. Orth, Paine. Perham, Pike, Plants,
Pomeroy, Price, William II. Randall, Alexander II.
Rice, John II. Rice, Rollins, Schenek, Seofield, Shel-
lahnrger. Sloan, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Thayer,
Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Ward, Warner,
Elihu B.Washburne, William B. "Washburn, Welker,
Wentworth, Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F.
Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—102.
NAYS — Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Brooks,
Chanler, Dawson, Eldridge, Finck, Glossbrenner,
Goodyear, Grider, Hale, Aaron Harding, Hocan,
Chester D. Hubbard, Kerr, Latham, McCullough,
Mercur, Niblack. Nicholson. Phelps, Radford, Sam-
uel J.Randall, Raymond, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Iious-
Buckland, Bundy, Cullom, Culver, Pailinor, Davis,
Dawes, Delano, Denison, Dixon, Dumont, Farquhar,
Griswold, Harris, Hart, Hill, ilotchkiss, Edwin N.
Hubbell, James Humphrey, James M. Humphrey,
Johnson, ,Tone*«, George V. Lawrence, LeBlond, Mar-
shall. Miller, Newell, Noell. Patterson. Sawver, Pit—
ereaves, Stilwell, Strouse, Taylor, Francis Thomas,
Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Voorhees, Win-
field, and Wright—44.
So the first resolution was adopted.
The question was then upon agreeing to the
second resolution, as follows:
Revolved, That whenever the people of any State
are thus "deprived of all civil government," it be-
come* the duty of-Congress, by appropriate legisla-
tion,^to enable them to oiganize a State iroveinment,
and in the language of the Constitution to euaranty
to such State a republican form of government.
Mr. STEVENS. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken on agreeing to the
second resolution, it was decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 104, nays 33, not voting 45; as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Delos R. Ashley, James
M. A.-hley, Baker.Baldwin. Bank®. Baxter, Bcnman,
Benjamin, Bidwell, Jhneham. Bou*\v<-ll, Brandegee,
Bromwell, Broomnli, Render \V. Clarke, Cobb. Conk-
ling, Cook, Cullom, Defree.-, Doming, Donnelly,
Driggs Eekley. Kggleston, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferry,
Garfield, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Abner C. Harding,
