1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
921
Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Holmes, Hooper, Kotch-
ki?a, A.sah el W.Hubbard, Che.sterD. Hubbard, Demas
Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, James II. ICubbell, llul-
burd, Lngersoll, .Jenckes Julian,Kelley, Kelso, Ket-
cham, Lafim, William Lawrence, Jjoan, Lony:year,
Lynch, Marvin, IMeClurg, Mclndoe, McIvee,jMeRuer,
Mercur, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton,Myers,
O'Neill, Ortli, Paine, Perham, Pike, Plants, Poiacroy,
Price, Williainil. Randall, Alexander II. Ricc, John
I-I. lliee, Rollins, Sawyer, Selicnck,Seofield, Shella-
bar&cr, Sloan, Spaldinc, Starr, Stevens, Thayer, John
L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt
Van Horn, Ward, Eiihu B. Washburne, William L.
Washburn, Welker, Wentworth. Williams, James F.
Wilson, Stephen P. Wilson, Winclom, and Wood-
bridge—104. .
NAYS — Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Brooks,
Chanlcr, Dawson, Eldridge, Finek, Glossbrenner,
Goodyear, Grider, Aaron Harding, Ilogan, ka?son,
Kerr, Latham, Le Blond. McCullough, Niblack, 2s ieh-
"obon, Phelps, lladfnrd, Samuel J. Randall. Raymond,
Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Shanklin, Smith, Taber, Thorn-
ton, Trimble, and Whaley—33. , _
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames Bar-
ker, Blaine, Blow, Bueldand, Bundy, Sidney Clarke,
Culver, Darling, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Denison,
Dixon, Duraont. Farquhar, Harris, Hart, Hill. Kdwin
N. Hubbell, James Humphrey, James M. Humphrey,
Johnson, Jones, Kuvkendall, George V. Lawrence,
in the affirmative—yeas 117, nayS 23, not voting
42j as follows:
iicnjamm,ijiaweii, jjmgnam.xJiiune, jDuuiweii,xJx itn-
degee, Bromwell, Broomall, Reader W.Clarke, Sidney
Claike, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Cullom, Dawes. De-
frees, Deming.Drigirs, Eekley, Esrgleston, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Oris wold,
Hale, Abner C. Harding, Hayes, Henderson, Higby,
Holmes. Hooper, Hotehki^s, Chester D. Hubbai'd,
Dermis Ilubbard, John II. Hubbard, James Ii. Hub-
bell, llulburd, James Humphrey, ingersoll, Jenekes,
Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Kelso, Ketcham, Kuykcndall,
Laflin, Latham, George V.'Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marston, JVlarvm,
McUlurg, Mclndoe, McKec, Melluer, Mercur, Moor-
head, Morris, Moulton, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Patterson, Perham, Phelps, Plants, Pomeroy, Price,
William H. Randall, Raymond, Alexander II. Rice,
John H. Rice, Rollins, Rousseau, Sawyer, Schenck,
Seoficld, Sht-llabar^er, Sloan, Smith, btarr, Stevens,
Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, lrow-
bridcrc, Upson, Van Aernam, BurtVan Horn.Robert
r.l TT T r TTT*. .1 11"   — .- I,1 111... 15 llf ftJvllkT, A
CIS IIDIII'IIj 1. V au
WinJield, and Wright—45.
So the second resolution was adopted.
The question was then upon agreeing to the
third resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That it is the deliberate sense of this
House that the condition ot the rebel States lully
justifies the President in maintaining the suspension
of the writ of habeas corpus in those States.
Mr. FINCIv. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken on agreeing to the
resolution, it was decided in the affirmative
yeas 120, nays 2(5. ifot voting 36; as follows:
YE A.S—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, James M. Ash-
ley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Beaman, Ben-
jamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Boatvrell. l>rande-
gee, Bromwell, Broomall, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney i
Clarke, Cobb, Conklins, Cook, Cullom, Dawes, Do- I
frees, Deming, Donnelly, Driggs, Eekley, Lggle^ton, j
Eliot. Farnsworrh, Farquhar, Ferry, Gariield, Grin- j
nell, Gri^wold, Hale. Abner C. Harding,Hayes, Hen- !
derson, Higby, Holmes, Hooper, Hotehkiss, Chester .
D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John II. Hubbard,
James R. Hubbell, Hulburd, James Humphrey, In-
gersoll, Jenekes, Julian, Kasson, Ivellev, Kelso,
Ketcham, Kuvkendall, Laflin, Latham, George \.
Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan, Loncyear,
Lynch,Marston, Marvin,McClurg.Mclndoe,McKec,
McRucr, Mercur, Moorhead, Morrill. Morris, Moul-
ton, Myers,O'Neill. Orth, Paine, Patterson, Peiham,
Phelps, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Price. W illiam U.
Randall. Raymond.Alexander II. Rice, JohnII.Rice,
Rollins S<iwver, Schenck, Seoficld, ^hcllabarger,
Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, lhaycr, John
L. Thomas Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam. Lurt
Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, }\ard, garner,
ElihuB. Wa^hlmi ne, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Weiitwuitli. Whaley, Williams, Jame? 1. U llson,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom. and oodbridge—3.J).
NAYS—Mosrs. Ancona, Bergen, Bovcr, Brooks,
Chanier, Dawson. Eldridge, Finek, Glo.-sbrcnner,
Goo-lvear, Glider, Aaron Hardin^, Jame^ M. Ilum-
phrev. Kerr. Le Blond. McCullough, >. ewell, IN iblack,
Radtord, Hitter, Rogers, > Ross, bhanklm, laber,
Thornton, and Trimble—126.
NOT VOTING —Messrs Alley, Ames, Delos 11.
Ashlev, Barker, Blow, Buekland, Bundy, Culver,
Darling, Davis, Delano, Denison. Dixon, Bumont,
HanK Hart, Hill, Hogan, Asahel W. Hubbard Ed-
win N. Hubbell, Johnson, Jones, Marshall, Miller,
NichoUon, Noell, Samuel J. Randall, Rousseau, teit-
greave< Stilwcll. Strousc, Taylor, Francis ihomas,
Voorhees Winiicld, and Wright—36.
So the third resolution was adopted.
Dnrina the roll-call,
Mr. OUTII said that his colleague. Mr. Du-
mont, was detained from his seat in conse-
quence of serious illness.
The fourth resolution was again read, as fol-
lows :
7?<Wr<-rf, That it is thedoliheratesenseof this House
that the condition ot' the rebel Mates fully justifies
the Prc-ulent in maintaining military po-.-cc-ion ami
conuol theioof, ,md that the President is entitled to
the thank- of the nation for employing the war power
for the protection of Union citizens and tnelrcedmcn
in tlio^e states.
Mr. RANDALL, ofPennsylvania. demanded
a division of the resolution.
The question was upon agreeing to the first
clause of the resolution, as follows:
Rrvtlt-nl, That it is the deliberate «en^e of this Ilonse
that the Condition of the rebel States luliv justifies
the Pi evident 111 maintaining military possession and
contioi 1 Uci t'of.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, called for the yeas
and nays.
Tlie yeas and nays were ordered.
■The question was taken; and it was decided
dom, and "Woodbridge—117. • ^
NAYS—Mes-rs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Brooks,
Dawson, Eldridge, Finck, Glossbrenner, Goodyear,
Aaron Harding, Jamc« Jl. Humphrey. McCullough,
Niblack, Nicholson, Radford, Samuel J. Randall,
Ritter, Rogers Ttoss, Shanklin, Taber, Thornton,
and Trimble—i".
NOT YOTES'U—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson,
Barker, Blow, Buekland, Bundy, Chanier, Culver,
Darling. Davis, Delano, Deni-on. Dixon, Donnelly,
Dumont, Grider, Harris, Ilart, Hill, Hogan, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Johnson, Jones,
Kerr, Le Bond, Marshall, Miller, Morrill, Newell,
Noell, Pike, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Stilwcll, btrouse,
Taylor, Voorhees, "\Vinlield, and "Wright—42.
So the first branch of the resolution was
agreed to.
After the roll-call was concluded,
Mr. DONNELLY said: I would have voted
in favor of this branch of the resolution if I had
been in my seat when my name was called.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
last branch of the resolution, as follows :
And that the President is entitled to the thanks of
the nation for employing the war power for the pro-
tection of Union citizens and the ireedmcn m those
States.
Mr. BANKS called the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 13-1, nays 8, not voting
40 ; as follows:
YE V.S—Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, James M.Ash-
ley, Baker, Baldwin, Bunks, Baxter, Beaman, Ben-
jamin, Bergen, Bidwell. Bingham. Blame. Boutwell,
Bover Brandegee, Bromwell, Brooks, Broomall,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkhng,
Cook, Cullom, D iwson, Defree^, Deming, Donnelly,
Dri""* Eeldev, Eggleston, Eldridge. Eliot, barns-
worth, Faryuhar, Ecrry, Einek, Uariield, Wossbren-
ner, Goodvear, tiriswold, Hale, Abner C. Harding,
Hayes. Higby, Holmes, Hooper, llotchkiss Chester
D Hubbard. Demas Hubbard. John II. llubbard,
James It.Hubbell, llulburd, James Humphrey James
M. Humphiey, lnaei>oll, Jcnckcs. Johnson. Julian,
Ka«on, Kelley, Kelso, keir, Ivetelnini. kuykendall,
Lailin, Latham, George V. Lawrence, \V tlliam Law-
rence, Le Blond, Loan, Longjear, Lynch, Marston,
Marvin, MeClurg, Mclndoe, AleKee, Mercur. Moor-
head, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers, 0 3S oilh Orth,
Paine, Patterson, Perham, Phelps, like, Plants,
Pomeroy, Fiice, ltadford, Samuel J. Kandnll, Wil-
liain H. Randall, Raymond, Alexander II. Rice,
John H. Rice, Rollins, Rousseau, Sawyer, bchenek,
Scohekl.Miellabarger,Sloan, Smith, bpaldmg Starr,
Stevens, Taber, Thayer, Francis Ihomas, John L.
Thomas Thornton. Trowbridge, Upson, N an Aernam,
Burt Van Horn. Robert T. } an Horn, Vi ard, Y, ar-
ner. Elihu IS. Washburne, ill; a in B. Washburn,
Welker, Wentworth, Whaley, Williams, James J.
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, mdom, and Wood-
btNVYS—Messrs. Grider, Aaron Harding, McCul-
lou'?h, Nicholson, Ritter, Rogers, Snanklm, and
«0C—Messrs. Alley. Allison, Ames, Delos
T*' \ lilc-.- llarker. Blow. Buekland, Bundv. Chan-
lei- Culver', Darling, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Denison,
Dixon, Dumont, Grimull. Harrc-. Hart. Ilendca-
«on Hill Iin, Asahel V. llubbard, Edv^m -N.
llubbell,'.Tones, Marshall. MeRuer. Aliller, Newell,
Niblaek. Noell, Ro«, Sitgrcavcs Stilwe.l Strousc,
Taj lor, Voorhees, "\\ infield, and V right 10.
So the last branch of the resolution was
agreed to. .
"Mr. b'PSON moved to reconsider the various
votes bv which the House agieecl to the several
resolutions; and also mo\ ed to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
money* I'ROM states.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary ol the Treas-
ury, transmitting, in compliance with the reso-
lution of the.House of February 7,1805, a tab-
ular statement of the moneys paid into the
Treasury since April 1, 1865, to date, by the
States lately in rebellion ; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
REPORT ON COMMERCIAL RELATIONS.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, submitted the following resolution, upon
which he called the previous question:
Resolved, That live hundred and fifty extra copies
of the report on the commercial relationsof the Uni-
ted States with foreign nations for the year 1865 bo
printed for the use of the State Department.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and. under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the vote on agreeing to the resolu-
tion just adopted. I make this motion for the
purpose of asking a question of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. LafliN'.]
I observe that the resolution provides only
for the printing of a certain number of copies
of the report on commercial relations for the
use of the State Department. The resolution
which I introduced provided for the printing of
the usual number of extra copies for the use of
members of the House. I wouldlike the gen-
tleman to state why the resolution, as reported,
does not provide for furnishing any copies of
this document to the House. So far as I am
individually concerned, I am not particular
about having any copies printed for the use of
the House; but I do not see why the number
•specified in the resolution should be printed for
the use of the State Department, while none
are printed for this House.
Mr. LAFLIN. Mr. Speaker, of every doc-
ument ordered to beprintedby the House fifteen
hundred and fifty copies are required by law t o be
printed. That is the regular number. In addition
to that, the lawprovides for printing extra copies
of certain documents. By the law it is provided
that of the reports of the Secretary of State on the
commercial relations of the United States with,
foreign countries there shall be printed two
thousand copies for Senators, three thousand for
Representatives, and four hundred and fifty for
the State Department. But, sir, the State De-
partment desires for its own use, inasmueh as
there are nine hundred officials who require
this work, a thousand copies. In order to meet
the deficiency the committee have reported in
favor of printing five hundred and fifty extra
copies for the State Department, making one
thousand copies. The matter now stands in
this way: there will be printed for the use ot
the members of this House three thousand
copies, and ior the use of the State Depart-
ment one thousand copies.
Mr. WASHBURNli, of Illinois. That ex-
planation is entirely satisfactory. I now move
that my motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
MEMORIAL ADDRESS OP MR. BANCROFT.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, also reported the following resolution, upon
which he called the previous question:
Rr-oherJ, That there be printed for the use of raem-
beisof this Housetwenty thousand extra copies of the
memorial address ot lion. George Bancroft, and the
proceedings thereon, on the death of tlie laue Presi-
dent Lincoln, delivered before the two Houses of
Congress and their invited guests, on the 12th instant.
Mr. ROGERS. I move to amend by adding
"the Dred Scott decision/'
The SPEAKER. That motion is not m
order at this time.
The previous question was seconded, and tlie
main question ordered, which was upon agree-
ing to the resolution.
The question being taken, there were, on a
division—ayes 74, noes 18.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
on agreeing to the resolution ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
