922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
F ebruary 19,
INTER-CONTINENTAL TELEGRAPH.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the leave of the House to
present a joint resolution relating to the com-
pletion of telegraphic communication between
the western and eastern continents. It is im-
portant that the coming season should be ap-
propriated to this work ; I therefore propose
to ask the consideration of this lesolution at
the present time. I ask that it may be read
for the information of the House.
The Clerk read the joint resolution. It re-
cites in the preamble the provisions of the act
of July 1, 186-1, on the same subject, authoriz-
ing the Secretary of the Navy to detail a vessel
to assist in surveys and soundings, laying down
submarine cable, transporting materials con-
nected therewith, and generally afford such
assistance as may be deemed best calcu-
lated to secure a successful prosecution of the
enterprise.
The preamble further recites that the Em-
peror of Russia, for the purpose of cooperating
with the Government of the United States under
the act of 1864, has ordered a steam corvctte, the
Variay, of two thousand one hundred and fifty-
six tons burden, seventeen guns, and three hun-
dred and six men, to be placed subject to the
orders of the telegraph company; and that the
company intend during the ensuing summer to
lay the submarine cable required at Behring's
straits, the cable and the material tor the entire
line being now in transit, and the vessels af the
company, seven in number, being ready at San
Francisco and Vancouver, and requiring im-
mediate cooperation on the part of the United
States in conformity with the act referred to.
The resolution, therefore, authorizes and re-
quires the Secretary of the Navy to detail one
steam vessel from the squadron of the Pacific
station to assist in making surveys and sound-
ings in that part of the Pacific coast both of
America and Asia where it is proposed to
establish said telegraph, in laying the subma-
rine cable, in transporting materials connected
therewith, and generally to afford such assist-
ance 'as may be best calculated to securc the
success of the enterprise and to carry out the
purposesof theactof July 1,1804, entitled "An
act to encourage and facilitate telegraphic com-
munication between the eastern and western
continents.''
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts does not propose
to act- upon that now without further consider-
ation.
Mr. BANKS. Of course I desire it to be
considered now.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
propose to legislate for the benefit of a tele-
graph or any other company in this way—to
put our Navv under its orders.
Mr. BANKS. The resolution is nearly a
transcript of the second section of the act of
1864. except that this requires the Secretary of
the Navy to furnish this vessel, instead of pla-
cing it at his discretion, as the act of 18G4 did.
We were at war with the insurgent States. If
action is to be taken, it should be disposed of
early this season. If the House is not disposed
to decide the question to-day, let it be intro-
duced. so it shall take its place next after the
Pennsylvania contested-election ca'-e.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. BANKS. I move, then, that the rules
be suspended.
Mr. BROOKS. I wioh to a«k a question in
reply to a remark of the gentleman from Illi-
nois. What difference is there whether this
United States vessel shall idly cruise off the
coast of California or be ordered to the dis-
charge. of this service ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have
good reason for my objection. It would cost
a great deal more to send out a vessel for this
purpose than to keep one cruising there. I am
opposed io directing the Secretary of the Navy
to put a naval vessel at the disposal of any
company, telegraph or otherwise.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, one word.
Last year we "authorized the Secretary of the J
Navy to send one of our ships to the Paefic
coast to aid this company in the great enter-
prise of laying this most important line of tel-
egraph. The Russian Government at once
ordered one of its vessels to attend the laying
down of the line so far as its coast went. It
went further, and ordered one of its vessels to
cooperate with the vessel which we authorized,
as that Government said, that the two flags of
Russia and the United States might mingle in
the execution of this great work. Our order
is still out; but some clerk in the Navy Depart-
ment says, notwithstanding that object is plain
upon its face, yet it does not use the word "re-
quired," but the word "authorized," in the
ordinary way, and it will not grant it. I hope
we will allow the legitimate construction of the
act to be carried out. We have a vast number
of vessels now doing nothing.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This is to
amend the act of last Congress?
Mr. STEVENS. This is to say required
instead of authorized.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
House will not agree to it.
Mr. BxVNKS. Pending the motion to sus-
pend the rules, I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois to allow me to make a single suggestion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. When the
rules are suspended and it comes in we can then
discuss it on both sides.
. The House divided; and there were—ayes
97, noes 9.
So the rules were suspended.
The joint- resolution was read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I desire to make
a single suggestion in reply to the gentleman
from Illinois.
This is one of the grandest enterprises of the
age: and all that is asked of the United States
is that our Government shall furnish a vessel
to carry the flag of our country during the oper-
ation of laying the submarine telegraph line.
There are two hundred thousand miles of tel-
egraph in Europe and Asia, and one hundred
thousand miles here, making three hundred
thousand miles. It is necessary to connect these
lines by a submarine cable at Behring's straits.
This great line is completed except about twenty-
five hundred miles, twelve or fifteen hundred
miles in Asia and ten or twelve hundred on the
American side. It will probably be completed
this summer, certainly in 1807.
It is an American enterprise. Mr. Collins
is the author of the enterprise ; is a native of
New York and a citizen of New York ; and Col-
onel Bulkley, with whom I served three years
in the Army of the United States, the engineer
charged with the execution of the work, is a
citizen of New York. He is one of the most
patriotic, courageous, and capable men I have
known, and has few if any superiors in this
country as a telegraphic engineer. In his hands
it is certain to he successful. The enterprise
will be completed this summer, at the farthest
in 18fi7. The Secretary of the Navy will through
this enterprise be able at any moment to com-
municate with his vessels at any naval station
upon the face of the earth. All we ask is he
i shall allow the flag of the United States to attend
■ our engineers and workmen in the completion
! of the work. The Emperor of Russia has given
' his whole heart to the success of the enterprise,
■ and has voluntarily granted the use of a first-
class vessel-of-war, as stated in the preamble ;
! the British Government has granted everything
1 required; and the United States Government
] has given everything execpt that which we now
ask. I demand the previous question.
Mr. RTCE. of Massachusetts. Will the gen-
tleman yield?
. Mr. BANKS. I will.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. If I under-
: stand the resolution correctly, I think it limits
! the vessels that may be detailed for this ser-
' vice to the Pacific squadron. I would inquire
i whether my colleague knows that there is a
| suitable vessel there, and suggest whether it
i would not be expedient to enlarge the scope of
the resolution sufficiently to send a proper ves-
sel fitted for this work from any quarter.
Mr. BANKS. I understood there were ves-
sels proper for this service on the Pacific side.
I have no objection, however, to modifying the
resolution by adding after the words "Pacific
squadron" the words "or elsewhere."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman to withdraw the previous question
for a moment.
Mr. BANKS. I do not wish to open a gen-
eral debate; if the gentleman wants to make a
suggestion I will withdraw it.
Mr. WJASITBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
make this suggestion in reply to the gentleman
from Massachusetts. This is a corporation
which has been established for the purpose of
building these telegraph lines. It is entirely a
private matter. Congress at the last session
placed this matter at the discretion of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, and in the exercise of a
very wise judgment, in my opinion, he declined
to allow any vessel to bo appropriated to this
use. Now this corporation comes here and
asks Congress to direct the Secretary of the
Navy to place this vessel at its disposal, and
the people of the United States are now asked
to pay the expenses which this telegraph com-
pany should itself pay. That is just what it
amounts to.
It is suggested that it is not going to cost any
more to have this vessel go upon this expedi-
tion than it would to have it lie idle. That
suggestion cannot be sustained. , I make the
prediction that we shall involve this Govern-
ment in an expense of $50,000 by the passage
of this joint resolution. If the House is pre-
pared to do this, it may do so ; for one I am
opposed to it.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield to me for two or three
words onlv?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly.
Mr. BROOKS. This not a mere corpora-
tion. If it were I would not vote for it on that
ground. The Government and the world are
to act through the agency of this telegraph.
It is a great act of civilization. It is stretch-
ing out the American continent to the Old
World through the only successful route, and
above all it is the only means of reaching the
only European Power that is favorable to the
people of the United States. Jtis indispensa-
bly nccessary, therefore, situated as we are with
regard to France and England, forthwith bj
telegraph to connect ourselves with Russia, our
only friend in Europe.
Mr. BANKS. I have only a word more to
say, and then I shall call the previous ques-
tion. This is not strictly private enterprise.
It is one in which the whole world is interested.
It is true that it is effected through the agency
of a corporation, as many other great works are,
but it is sustained and will succeed through
the assistance of Governments. If the Navy
Department of this -country has no interest in
such a question as this, the people have. It
puts us in communication with five hundred
million people—the Russians and Chinese—
who are friendly to us, and who are the only
friends wo have in the Old World. And in
effecting communication with these friendly
nations we dwarf in the future whatever of the
European Powers that are hostile to us. Upon
thai consideration alone this enterprise is one
of purely public character, and should bo so
regarded by every member of this House. I
call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was then taken on agreeing to
the amendment to add after the words "Pacific
station," the words "or elsewhere," and it
was agreed to.
The joint resolution was then ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading; and being
engrossed, it was read the third time.
'The question then was on the passage of the
joint resolution.
Mr. BANKS. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage.
