1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
925
yer, to say in all fairness if that is not a question
of fact to be proved on evidence in the trial of
the case 011 its merits, and not in the trial of a
case on the prima facie idenee? I would
like to hear him answer that question.
Mr- SHELLABARGER. Now, that is a
very pertinent question, and one I would as
lief answer now as at any other time, and I
will answer in a way which it seems to me will
commend itself to the convictions and approval
of the gentleman from Massachusetts; that if
it were a question of fraud relating to the ad-
mission of a vote, then it would be a question
to be contested on the merits; but if it be a
fraud or a conspiracy or a blunder—and ob-
serve, Mr. Speaker, I am not saying that it
was either,_ it is utterly immaterial for the pur-
poses of this case which it was, it comes to the
same thing—it is not only competent for this
House, but it is the duty of this House, to see
by a count and inspection of all the legal re-
turns of votes which are before Congress,
whether those judges that met at Gettysburg
assumed judicial powers which they did not
possess and threw out the legal returns of a
part of the townships or military precincts of
the counties of Bedford and Atlanis>; and if
they did violate the law and assumed powers
which did not belong to them, and met there
after having rejected enough of the legal re-
turns of the townships to change the result, and
invited Somerset to come in, then I say, Som-
erset did right in not coming in. This rejec-
tion of legal returns is shown by the very papers
011 which the majority rely to make out their
prima facie case, and it is not going into the
merits to find the blunder or fraud when they
appear on the very paper which Mr. CofFroth
relies on to make out his case. His case shows
the illegality of this alleged prima facie title
paper. I say, that when the conspiracy or
fraud or blunder consists in arbitrarily reject-
ing part of the votes of Bedford and Adams
counties, that is a conspiracy or fraud or
blunder into which we are bound to look, be-
cause the papers themselves disclose it and it
in turn invalidates the papers which it taints.
And here is just where we part. My friend
insists that we shall shut our eyes and be stone-
blind here as to what is the truth in reference
to the number of votes excluded by the returns.
Ami tills although the papers themselves show
the illegal exclusion.
Mr. DAWES. My friend does not quite
understand me. I understood our duty to be
to look at the papers without evidence. What
my friend has stated here is a charge made on
one side and denied on the other. The only
manner in which the committee or anybody else
could ascertain whether that charge was false or
true was by hearing evidence. But my friend and
his colleagues, the minority of the committee,
assume that the charge made as a justification
for this man is true, while the majority of the
committee do not assume it to be either true
or false, but say that it is an issue of fact, upon
which testimony should be taken on the one
side and on the other; and as the truth may
turn out on the merits of the case, so we ought
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, my
friend is again slightly in error as to a matter
of fact: and in that slight error of fact he gets
entirely into a vice as to the legal position and
conclusions ai which he arrives. His error con-
sists in overlooking this fact; that neither the
majority northe minority of this committee have
adhered to the papers and said that they would
look at 110 fact outside of them. Sir, the report
which I am now combatting is supported 011 its
face by extrinsic evidence, as will be seen by
reference to the second page. Because the le-
turn in favor of Mr. CoiTroih is not upon its face
as good as the return in favor of Mr. Koontz,
the majority of the committe have resorted to
outside evidence in order to show that the men
who signed the paper of Mr. lvoontz were not
judge.-7
So I say here, that it is not traveling out ot
the sphere indicated by the resolution referring
this ^object matter to us, to ascertain, not by
general parole evidence, but by certified papers
filed in this ease, the fact that these men who
met there at the meeting of the district board
representing four counties, had in their county
boards rejected the soldiers' votes for reasons
that were utterly frivolous. Let me mention one
instance now,_ lest I forget it hereafter. There
was one case in which a man living in Franklin
county had voted along with fifty or sixty men
from Adams county. The Adams county return
was right in every particular ; but because that
one man from another county had voted along
with the men from Adams county they rejected
the whole return. This is a specimen of the
way in which they get Mr. CofFroth elected, and
this appears, not by outside evidence, but by the
papers which contribute in part to make up the
alleged title of Mr. CofFroth.
Now, sir, when such papers as these brought
before the Committee of Elections show that
those men had in their county boards arbitra-
rily and in violation of the express provisions
of law assumed a jurisdiction they were prohib-
ited from assuming, and rejected soldiers' votes,
and had thus put the district returns into such
a condition as that if Somerset had come in it
would be only walking into a snare, then I
allege that it was the duty of Somerset to stay
out of that meeting and defeat the consummation
of a great wrong. I will, on this point, read a
sentence from an opinion given in this case.
True, it was given by counsel, counsel for Mr.
lvoontz, a counsel, however, exceedingly emi-
nent in the law, who certainly states it as well
as T could, and T think a great deal better. I
mean my idea in regard to the effect in law of
the conduct of these men upon their ability to
make any bitiding or valid count or return at
Chambersburg after they had in the county
boards so violated the law in making up the
returns of Adams and Bedford counties. It is
from the opinion of Judge Black, of Pennsyl-
vania. Here it is:
"I maintain that where the majority of a county
election board transcends its merely ministerial duty
of counting the undertakes to dccide the legal-
ity of the townsmp returns by throwing out a part of
them, and so provokes a split with those who cannot
concur, the proceeding becomes reyolutiunaiy, and
the power of the body to give any certificate at all is
destroyed,"'
I say any court, I do not care whether it is
this one, the highest court of the nation, or the
lowest court of the people, could hold that a
board whose powers are merely to add up votes
shall be tolerated in first exercising the high judi-
cial power of deciding that the returns of enough
of the soldiers' votes are illegal and shall be re-
jected to change the result in the district, and
then that these men shall be permitted to bring
into a district board wdiat they have left of the
returns, and upon these illegal county board
returns make up a valid count and return for the
district binding upon all men and this House.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have not had an oppor-
tunity of knowing anything about this case ex-
cept from the rumors we have heard. I desire
to inquire whether Judge Black appeared as
counsel before the Committee of Elections.
Mr. SHELLABARGER No, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. I inquire whether it is not
known to the gentleman, as a member of that
committee, as well as to other members of the
committee, that that opinion which comes from
Judge Black is a newspaper article, written
for the benefit of his friend and relative Mr.
lvoontz. ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I read it, because
it is good sense. I will say, whether it conies
from Judge Black or not, it is right: and I read
it because it was right and not because it is
authority.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Allowme to say that was
a legal opinion given by Judge Black, written
by him 011 this particular case and signed by
him and sent to the committee.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. And let
me add. for which no doubt lie was well paid,
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I yield to my col-
league 011 the committee, [Mr. Seoi'iEt.u.]
Mr SCOFIELD. I wish to say to my col-
league from Pennsylvania further in answer to
that question that Judge Blaek, in connection
with one on this floor, said he had given it a
great deal of time and consideration, and it was
an opinion he was willing to stand by as appli-
cable to all cases coming up under the law of
Pennsylvania, and for all time..
Mr. DAWES. Did ho also tell my colleague
on the committee how much he got for it?
Mr. SCOFIELD. No, sir. I will say, fur-
thermore, that ! am politically hostile to Judge
Black. Everybody in our State, Democrat and
Republican, who has practicod under him as
judge of the supreme court will say he is as pure
a^ man as the chairman of the "Committee of
Elections, and he is as pure a man, in my judg- -
ment, as we have.
Mr. DAWES. Allow me to say I did not
mean to say it would be anything but pure on
the part of Judge Black to take a retainer and
pay for a professional opinion. My friend has
been in the profession long enough to know that
I did not impute anything against his honesty
for taking a retainer and pay for writing an opin-
ion in behalf of' a client and appearing before
the committee to advocate it.
Mr. STEVENS. Does my friend insinu-
ate 
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman will not put
an insinuation into my mouth in order to an-
swer it.
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose when lie asked
if that opinion was not the result of a fee, he
meant to insinuate that lawyers taking a fee
would give a legal opinion different from their
sound judgment of the law, or else that ques-
tion has no significance.
Mr. DAWES. I made no such insinuation.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
ven's] is too clear-headed to have supposed I
did. But it is as good a way to answer a point
as any—and the gentleman from Pennsylvania
knows it better than anybody else in this House
—to put words into a man's mouth and then
answer the words he has put in.
Mr. STEVENS. What did you mean ?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman knows that
I meant this : that attorneys that appear before
committees to advocate the cause of their
clients advocate it in the best way they can;
and it is no more proper to bring into this
House the opinion of Judge Black, prepared to
be presented before the committee in support
of the claim of his client, and say that it is an
independent opinion of a judge than it is to
bring in an opinion of the counsel on the other
side which was brought to match it. It is pre-
cisely the same thing.
Mr. RADFORD. I want to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] one
question,
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I thinkT had better
decline. There will be plenty of time after I
get through.
Mr. RADFORD. A single question.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. If it is such an
accommodation to the gentleman, I will yield.
Mr. RADFORD. I desire to ask my asso-
ciate 011 the committee [Mr. ScoriF,i,D] whether
in his own judgment he believes that opinion
of Judge Black to be an honest one, upon the
information he has given to others.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Why. certainly I think so.
Mr. RADFORD. All right.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Now. Mr. Speaker,
the House that has done me the favor of listen-
ing to me will bear me witness that I intro-
duced this extract from Judge Black with tho
careful statement that he was counsel for Mr.
Koontz, and I adopted it not as authority, but
as a better way of expressing my own ideas than
I would perhaps be able to find.
Now, the point I have attained is this : four
men have met at Cbambersburg to count the
vote of the sixteenth district. Before coming
there they have, in what .Judge Black calls a
revolutionary proceeding, rejected enough sol-
diers' votes so that if Somerset should come
in with the others, the man whom they desired
to elect, as indicated by their rejection of tho
soldiers' votes, would still be elected although
Somerset came in. Now, then, my colleague
1 J-
