926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
must not get up and say to me that had Som-
erset come in it would not have changed the
result; becausc the wrong is in the fact that
they have been guilty of this revolutionary con-
duct before they met there, and have put them-
selves in a position where they have no right
under the law of Pennsylvania to make a count.
But, sir, tliey may well meet, there now, having
excluded enough votes to change the result
with Somerset in arbitrarily in violation of
law—they may well invite Somerset to come
in and serve a notice 011 her to come—
"Won't you come into my parlor, says the spider to
the fly,
I've the prettiest little par] or that ever you did spy."
That is Shakspeare. [Laughter.]
Mr. RADFORD. Does the law require
them to meet there ? [Laughter. ]
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The majority of
the committee tell us that we are bound to take
the account which has been made up by these
men thus guilty of conduct denominated revo-
lutionary by Judge Black, and that we are not
only bound to take it as good evidence, but that
it has efficacy such as to shut the eyes of Con-
gress to every other return and'faet in the ease,
and this although the wrongs of these judges
are shown by the very papers which they pro-
duce to make out their case. Sir, I deny both
the positions. I say that the return judge from
Somerset county did right in refusing to go into
a board where he had knowledge that the re-
turns had been so altered, in violation of law,
as that the will of the district would surely be
defeated.
Now, what is the consequence that comes
from this position that it was right for Somer-
set to stay out of the board? Why, not that it
enables the four other counties to elect a Rep-
resentative, but it merely compels them to do as
Mr. Meredith says they ought to have done, to
wit, send and get the Somerset vote, or if that
be impracticable, it sends all the votes here to i
Congress to lie countcd by this House.
The position that the gentlemen take is this:
let four men exclude the legal votes of the sol-
diers, and let them count up the rest in viola-
tion of the express requirement of the law,
which says that they shall count all the votes,
and in violation of that other provision of (he
law which says no informality shall be regarded,
and in violation of that still further provision of
the law which says that—
(10 .) '"It shall not be lawful for said judges or
clerks, in casting up tile votes which shall appear to
liavc been given, as shown by the certificates, to omit
or reject any part thereof, except where, in the opin-
ion of said judges, such certificate is so defective as
to prevent t ho same from herns understood and com-
puted in adding together the number of votes;'in
which ease a ecitified.copy ofsueh paper shall be at-
tached to the return, and the original deposited m
the prothonotary's office."
Each one of these vital legal requirements
was \iolated in the rejection of soldiers' votes
D in Adams and Bedford counties, and also in
the making up of this di.-trict return which
rcjected-or omitted Somerset county. And yet
gentlemeiisaythat the-e are good returns, bind-
ing in law. and such that Congress cannot only
not go back of them but such as shut the eyes
of Congress to all the other legal and certified
returns in the cac'e, including those of the sol-
diers' votes which had been rejected by boards
having no jurisdiction to reject them: and that
they are binding although tlm-e flagrant wrongs
appear on the very papers which make out Mr.
Cofiroth's ease.
Sir, I will lie party to 110 such a proceeding.
I say that it is the duty of Congress to do what
tho.se men ought to have done, namely, count
the votes. And 1 was not surprised that my
very skillful colleague on the committee, [Mr.
I'psox,] who is managing this c-asc. felt un-
willing to answer the question put to him by the
distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania.
[Air. Stevexs. j lie managed to avoid one of
the plainest and simplest questions in the world,
to wit. who had the most votes as shown by the
papers. Now, I will answer the question that
my colleague would not answer. As shown by
the legal returns in this case the largest number
of votes were obtained by Mr. Koontz. And
it is only by rejecting the votes of the soldiers
that you can possibly give this seat to Mr. Cof-
froth.
Mr. UPSON. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that I did not answer that question'?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I heard no answer.
Mr. UPSON. I ask the gentleman if the
question was not repeated by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. ScofieldJ on my right
here, and if I did not answer that by counting
all the legal returns Mr. Koontz was not now
entitled to the seat, and Mr. Coffroth was?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. That answer was
not given-at the time I was listening to the ques-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevexs.]
Mr. SCOPIELD. I understood my colleague
on the eommitteo [Mr. Ursoxj to put in the
words 11 legal returns."
Mr. UPSON. I go further, and say that if
the gentleman will take all the returns now he
cannot, by any sort of arithmetic, give a ma-
jority to Mr. Koontz.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Upsox] must mean the returns made
by the board ; he cannot mean anything else.
If he will take the returns made by the primary
officers he will find that they give a majority of
08 votes for Mr. Ivoontz. lie therefore must
be mistaken in that matter.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. In order that
there may be no mistake about this matter,
I will now state precisely what votes were
cast, what votes are proved to be legal votes
by the returns made to the committee, and
what precincts and counties they are from,
and what papers in this case prove each vote.
Here the entire vote received by the minor-
ity of the committee is :
Recapitulation. Coffroth. Koontz.
Fulton county, entire vote 
21
33
1
32
9
19
4
3i
18
IB
5
29
r>f)
11,149
11,176
0
5
. 3,457
3,508
535
. 8D7
. 1,502
2,512
. 5,856
6,555
^2,110
1,710
' 9-t
I
318
, 2,707
2,366
.11,U67
10,979
Bedford county, part of soldiers' vote,
as per No. 9, pa?e 31  
Votes rejected by majority judges, but
received by theiinnority of the Com-
mittee of Elections:
Adams county, company K of 1S4, as
per No. 30, paf?e 05 ! 1 off) 
Adams counrv, companies it and G of
133. as per No. 20, page ot 
Adam* county, company I of 210, asper
No. 27. paa-e 57 
Adams county, company C, 21cavatry,
a« per No. 28. page 01 (2 off K)  
Bedford county, company 11 of 208. as
per No. 10, page , and No.18 
Bedford county. Barracks No. 1, as per
No. 20, page 13, and No. 31, page OS
(2 off of ICi 
Adam* county, Mmver, Coy]or, end
MeClellan hospitals, pages 50 to 5",,..
11,119 11.1S1
Koontz's majority     32
And a part of the soldiers' vote for Bedford
county which was counted by the majority of
the committee, shows '.14 votes for Cofi'roth
and 318 for Koontz. In Adams county, in-
cluding the home vote and the part of the
soldiers' vote not included, there were 2.707
votes for Coffroth. ami 2,3<',i; votes for Koontz.
This is the undisputed vote, and it aggregates
11.0157 for Coffroth. and lo.<.)7!) for Koontz.
That is undisputed, thus far, b.- both the ma-
jority and the minority of the eommitteo; they
all agree that that is right.
Nov,'. T have sliov.n the votos which I say
elected Mr. Koontz. f have named every paper
from every precinct that produces that result,
and I ask my colleagues in this ease—not now.
but when they come to reply—to answer the
exhibit of figures I have now made of the votes
rejected by 1 lie majority. In Adams county,
of company lv. one hundred and eighty-fourth
regiment of Pennsylvania volunteers, there
were 21 votes for Coffroth and 08 for Koontz.
Why were those votes rejected? Because one
man from Franklin county had voted along with
these men from Adams county ; and that was
reason enough for rejecting the whole vote;
and that is the way that Mr. Coffroth is to get
his seat, if ho does get it. One man from
Franklin county voted with the soldiers from
Adams county. The returns had been rightly
made, even to the highest degree of technical
correctness; and yet those judges rejected the
whole concern and deprive Mr. Koontz of the
benefit of the difference between 21 votes for
his antagonist and 88 votes for himself. And
that is the way the whole thing is manipulated
all through. Then companies B and G gave
1 vote for Coffroth and 82 for Koontz.
And why, pray, was that rejected? Because
soldiers from different companies voted at one
election, a thing that, as has been shown by my
friend on the committee, it was perfectly com-
petent to do under the law. There is 110 law
to prevent soldiers from a thousand companies
from voting at one election, provided there is
only one organized company at the place. There
is nothing here on the face of the papers to show
that there were two organized companies there.
Yet, sir, running up to the most extreme and
exquisite style of technicalities in order to do
injustice to the American soldiers, these men
at home had declared that they would throw out
that soldiers' vote in order to elect the man
against whom that vote was cast. There was
nothing under heaven, I assert, to authorize the
throwing out of that vote. That vote was re-
jected. I count it, sir.
Here, again, is company I, of the two hun-
dred and tenth regiment, proved by paper 27,
on page 57 of the report, giving !) votes for Mr.
Coffroth, and 19 for his antagonist, Mr. Koontz.
Thus Mr. Koontz is deprived of 10 voles.
Then, again, here is the vote of company B,
twenty-first cavalry, proved by paper 28, 011 page
01 of the report. Throwing out, as the minor-
ity do, 2 of the votes for Mr. Koontz, you have
4 for Mr. Coffroth, and 34 for Mr. Koontz. All
these votes are thrown out lor reasons which
are indicated in the report, and which are
well understood by gentlemen who gave atten-
tion to the able remarks of my colleague, [Mr.
Paixe.]
Now, sir. these votes which I have enumer-
ated elect Mr. Koontz by precisely 32 major-
ity. And if you reject all the votes from Bed-
ford county which were rejected by the judges,
Koontz is still elected by 5 majority.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let this House simply do
what the returns in the case enable and bind
Congress to do, to wit, simply count the legal
votes presented, and Mr. Koontz is elected.
Unless gentlemen can deny the papers in the
case, they cannot deny that these votes elect,
Mr. Koontz by 32 majority.
Keep now in mind the three rales of the law
that I have already named:
"First, no mere informality in the manner of car-
rying out or executing any of the provisions of this
act shall invalidate any election held under the same
or authorize the return thereof to be rejected or set
aside.
"Second, the district board so constituted shall
cast up the several county icturns, and make dupli-
cate returns of all the votes given for such office in
the district, and the name of the peison or persons
elected. And
" Third, that provision prohibiting any rcturnfiom
being rejected that is intelligible, and even when not
intelligible, requiring it to be returned to the body
which tiies a contest."
Also remember that we have before us in this
House the identical papers, in reference to
which those judges had 110 other duly than
merely to add up the votes they showed. Re-
membering these, the members of this Iloase
are to decide whether they arc going to permit
a false adding up by these men, who in law are
incapable of any other act than to add and re-
turn figures, to deprive the American people of
their voice and their Representative of his seat
and give it to another, when it is shown by the
legal returns before the House that this lalse
estimate lias been attained by ill octal! v. and with-
out any jurisdiction over the matter, rejecting
the votes of the soldiers.
The returns must be counted if capable of
being deciphered, and if not, must still be re-
