1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9§f
souri, praying Congress to consider, in the
restoration of civil government in the south-
ern States, the principles involved iu the fol-
lowing resolutions:
1. To the Pre?ident of the United States belongs,
accoidin*; to the Constitution, only the executive
power; heha^no right to make laws: we therefore
denounce as a usurpation liis arbitrary proceedings in
restoring the political status of the States lately in
rebellion without consulting the Congress.
2. We just as sternly protest against his recog-
nition of the constitutions of those States, framed
by dubious representatives, elected by equally du-
bious electors.
3. The so-called povereigrnty of the States was
the main cause of the rebellion; it is therefore emi-
nently ncces&ar.v to get lid of this evil, and to take
such measures as will make us in the future a nation
of Americans, a purpose clearly aimed at by the
founders of the Union. Class legislation and com-
pulsory labor are two more cancers poisoning the
very vitals of the Republic; it is therefore neccssary
radically to cure them. Treason, miserable treason,
has menaced the life of our country; it is therefore
necessary to treat it so as to secure us agaiast its re-
occurrence in time to come. The rebellion has bur-
dened us with an almost unbearable debt, payment
of which is closely connected with the honor and the
welfare of thenation; itis therefore necessary that we
guard against its repudiation. The policy, however,
pursued by the President overlooks ail these points,
and restores the former pernieiousand perilous state
of things, thereby endangering all the results of the
nation's bloody sacrifice.
4. Wc theiefore pray that the Congress may resist
these dangerous proceedings of the Executive, by
annulling forthwith, and in an unequivocal manner,
these experiments, and byproviciingaraplesecunties
against the alleged evils. Equal rights to all, with-
out distinction of color or descent; let this ha one of
the safeguards! Verify the principles laid down m
the Declaration of Independence, as Schuyler Col-
fax, the Speaker of the House of Representatives,
has advised
Wc harbor no feelings of vengeance against the
inhabitants of the South, being well aware that they
have been a part of our people before, and will be a
part of it again; we must recall, however, to the
President's memory his own expression, that treason
must be made odious, and that mercy,to the indi-
vidual is injustice to the whole community.
We ure not crying for the blood of the rebels, but
■we emphatically protest against the restoration of
any of the leaders, civil or military, to citizenship in
the United States.
To admit any such man into Congress or to any
Federal oilicc would, in our opinion, be a wanton in-
sult to the whole loyal people, a derision of common
sense, and treason against the Republic.
5. We call upon our fellow-citizens elsewhere also
to express themselves in regard to this important
question, so that the true will of the people may be
Known. , « !
6. These resolutions -will be presented anil commu-
nicated to President Johnson and to our Representa-
tives in Congress. . ,
I ask that the petition be referred to the joint
committee on reconstruction.
It was so referred.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a petition, numer-
ously signed by citizens of ^ isconsin5 in which
they ask Congress to see that governments truly
republican in form are guarantied in every State,
and they insist that this shall be done by act of
Congress. They lurther ask that irreversible
guarantees for the future shall be insisted upon
in all reconstruction, and that emancipation is
not complete as long as any black code exists,
whether what is called civil or political. 1 otter
. the petition, and ask its reference to the joint
committee of fifteen.
It was so ordered. ,
Mr. SUMN'ER. I also offer a similar peti-
tion from citizens of New Jersey^ and another
similar petition from citizens of Kansas. ask
for them, the same reference.
Thev were so referred.
Mr. SUMNER. T have another petition,
which I have lust received from citizens of Mas-
sachusetts, asking that Congress should see that
no person shall be admitted as a governing pa*
ner in the Union until adequate security nasj
been obtained for the future ; that the national
faith of the United States aUo shall be guarded
carefully, both with regard to our creditors and
with regard to our freedmen. _ I asii the refer-
ence of the petition to the joint committee on
reconstruction.
It was so referred.
(ini BILL? REFERRED.
The following bill and joint resolution from
the Honce of Representatives were severally
read twice by their tides, and referred as indi-
cated below: .
A bill (II. R. No. 263) for the relief of Albert
Nevins—to the Committee on Pensions.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 75) to encour-
age and facilitate telegraphic communication
between the western and eastern continents—to
the Committee on IPoreign Relations.
REPORTS OB COMMITTERS.
Mr. GUTHRIE, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom the subject was referred,
reported a bill (S. No. 158) to facilitate the
settlement of the accounts of the Treasurer of
the United States, and to secure certain moneys
to the people of the United States, or to the
persons to whom they are due and who are
entitled to receive the same ; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
PAPEKS. WITHDRAWS.
On motion of Mr. POLAND, it was
Ordered, That the petition and other papers in re-
lation to the oase of the ship Niva be withdrawn from
the flies of the Senate.
Mr. McDOUGALL submitted the following
resolution:
Fesolved, That the papers relating to the claim of
Dakin, Moody, Gilbert & Sceor be permitted to be
withdrawn from the files and referred to the Court of
Claims.
Mr. CLARK. I think those papers should
be examined; it should be known to the Sen-
ate what they are before they are sent to the
Court of Claims.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is important that
they should be withdrawn to-day. They were
referred a year ago to the Naval Committee and
have been remaining there, and a question of
limitation may arise. The Naval Committee
never acted upon them.
Mr. CLARK. It is possible that we might
give the Court of Claims jurisdiction where
they have it not now, by a resolution of that
kind. I would prefer that the papers go to
some committee to be examined before they
are sent to the Court of Claims. Then, ifit is
proper, they can be sent to the Court of Claims.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Senator would not
wish to have the statute of limitations bar the
claim.
Mr. CLARK. I am not speaking particu-
larly of the statute of limitations, but this res-
olution may give jurisdiction as to a class of
claims of which the court would not have juris-
diction under the law.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then I make the prop-
osition to withdraw them without reference to
the Court of Claims. That will not be objected
to, I suppose. ... .
Mr. CLARK. I have no objection to their
being withdrawn from the files, if there has
been no adverse report.
Mr. McDOU GALL. There has been no ad-
verse report, and 1 modify the resolution so as
to simply withdraw the papers from the files.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
DIPLOMATIC GALLERY.
Mr. CHANDLER. I offer the following
resolution, and ask immediate action :
Resolved. Th.it thediplomaticgallorybeopcntothe
wives and families of Senators.
Mr GRIMES. Let that resolution lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it lies over.
CONDITION OP THE SOVTIIERX STATES.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution :
Iff wired That the committee on reconstruction be
directed to'inqnirc into and report how tar th e states
1 'itelv in rebellion, or any of them, have complied with
the terms proiiosid by the President as condi ions
nrecedcnt to <hcir resumption ot practical relations
with th° United States, which terms and conditions
constitutions dioald.be
' amended by iho insertion of a provision abolishing
sl 2VThat the several State conventions should declare
nail ami void the ordinance, of secession and the laws
the confederacy. , ,
3 That the several State legislatures should ratify
the amendment to the Federal Constitution abolishing
81 iTfhat iherebeldebt, State and confederate, should
V'1liu:It civil" rislits should besecured by laws appli-
cable alike to whites and blacks.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator ask for the present'consideration of the
resolution ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of the
resolution ?
Mr. SUMNER. There can be no objection
that I am aware of to the passage of that reso-
lution, as it is addressed to one of our commit-
tees, and is in the nature of a resolution of
inquiry; but I would remind the Senate that it
is now some six weeks, if not two months ago,
since the Senate passed a resolution addressed
to the President of the United States calling
upon him for precisely that information. The
President has in his hands, or he ought to have,
copies of all the correspondence between him-
self, telegraphic or otherwise, and the so-called
governors of those States. The object of the
resolution adopted by the Senate was to call
upon the President to sujjply copies of that
correspondence, and also of all the acts, organic
or legislative, by any pretended bodies called
Legislatures in those States in pursuance of the
correspondence of the President. For some'
reason unknown to me, that call of the Senate
has not yet been answered by the President.
As the information is in his hands, and not in
the hands of a committee of this body, I think
it better, perhaps, that the Senate repeat this
call once more upon the President, looking to
him for the information which better than any
other person he can supply. _ _
At the same time, as I have already said, I
see no objection to addressing this inquiry to a
committee of this body. That committee, if
it sees fit, I presume, may put itself in commu-
nication with the President, or by original in-
quiries of its own it may try to ascertain what
we desire; but the most direct way is by calling
upon the President himself for this information.
My colleague says we have done it;. I hope,
then, that the President may still listen to the
call of the Senate and communicate this needed
information. It is essential iu determining the
duties of Congress at this important moment.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
CHINA GRASS.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I submit the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Agriculture in-
vestigate the subject of procuring seed and cultivat-
ing the "China crass," as set forth in the letter oi
Mr. William H. Richards, and in the sample aeeom-
panying tliis resolution.
I desire, Mr. President, to direct the atten-
tion of the industrial interests ot the_ country to
another source of wrealth, and I desire that the
paper which I now present containing the sam-
ple and letter referred to in the resolution, may
accompany the resolution to the committee.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
PRESIDENTIAL TEEM.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. B. No. 33) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States ; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. BROWN and Mr. SUMNER. Let it
be read at length.
The Secretary proceeded to read it.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the proposed amend-
ment be read, and not the introductory part of
the article.
The Secretary read the proposed constitu-
tional amendment, as follows:
Article —. The executive power shall be vested in
a President of the United States of America. He shall
hold his office during tile term of four years, and shall
not again Ineligible to that office during the term ot
his natural life.
In case c " "
or of his d
devSt^CorrthrVi«i'rosideSt7wl,o shall not again
be eligible to the office of Pre.-ident of the United
States during the term of his natural lite.
Whenever Congress may bylaw pro* idc foi the ease
r removal, death,
of
the President and Vice President, ;i
officer shall then act as President, suoh officerjha!it
Sot a"iu be eligible to the office of Piesident of the
United States dm-ing the torn of- lus natural life.
