TW CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
Mr. WADE. The offering of this resolution
is no new impulse of mine, for I have been an
advocate of the principle contained in it for
many years, and X have derived the strong
impressions which I entertain on the subject
from a very careful observation of the work-
ings of our fjrovernment during the period that
I have been an observer of them. I believe it
has teen very rare that we have been able to
elect a President of the United States who has
not been tempted to use the vast powers in-
trusted to him according tfi his own opinions
tp advance his reeleetipn. And when T say
tgig of tjie Presidents who have preceded us I
say it with no desire \o, depreciate their merits,
%t Jjecause the Constitution places before
tljgto temptations vvhieh we cau hardly expect
hljfnjui i\a4ijr,e t.o resist, and in the long run it
never,will resist them. Early in_the history
of our Government Washington himself, who
\fa$ exceedingly sagacious respecting its work-
ings, informed the people that in his opinion
here was aweakuessthat oughtto be remedied.
If® s^w it early. He saw tliat a man intrusted
with 0iese more than regal powers daring the
period thgt he was President might be tempted
tp thern for bis own advancement after-
ward. Almost all the Presidents who have
cpijje after hitn have in some way felt, and
honestly felt, that some such check was needed
upon the ambition of man. It is an injunction
of ipore than human wisdom to pray to be
relieved from temptation. If I had time I
might trace it through all the preceding Admin-
istrations and show that this consideration had
Weighed like gravitation upon the mind of
almost every President we have had.
How is it in the present case? I have no
do.ubt that when the Chief Magistracy devolved
upon the present incumbent he was perfectly
single in his mind, sincere, truthful, and hon-
est in the opinions he entertained. What were
some of these opinions? He said, and reiter-
ated it almost every day for nearly two months
at the beginning of his administration, that
treason was a great crime, that it ought to be
punished, lhat it must be rendered infamous,
and that he was the man who would do this.
He said it to every delegation that visited him,
until the words became stereotyped in the minds
of the whole people. How has he performed
that pledge? Has he punished anybody? Why,
sir, we have the unheard-of spectacle of one of
the greatest rebellions that ever cursed man-
kind, involving more people, more lives, more
expense, more disasters than all the rebellions
recorded in history, and yet no man has been
punished in consequence of it. Something is
wrong; or if it is all right, your whole system
of punishments and penitentiaries throughout
the Union ought to be abolished.
Sir, the President was right when he informed
the people that treason was the greatest of
crimes and ought to be marie odious. Why did
he not perform that promise? What has led
him to change his position upon these ques-
tions? I will not say that the ambition which
has tempted all that have gone before him
weighed upon his mind to bring it to the con-
clusions to which he has come; but it is ex-
ceedingly singular that so far from rendering
treason odious by punishment, he has foisted
into the highest and most delicate trusts many
of the woi-it traitors, the loading traitors in ihe
Union. Who else at any period ot the world
ever thought ot taking a rebel, red with the
blood of his countrymen, and placing him in
the position of a Governor of a State—yes, sir,
placing as Governor of a Slate a man who had
sought to overturn not only the government of
the State, but of the Union, and had invoked
foreign despotisms to aid and assist him in
doing it? Is that the way to make treason odious
among mankind?
Now, as to the policy about which we have
heard so much, nobody has been able to tell us
exactly what that policy was: but we all saw
that there was a kind of policy in it that suited
every rebel. (--very copperhead. ever? en amy of
the Government of the United State's, both for-
eign and domestic. As the policy has become
developed we all now see precisely what it is,
and why it was so plea.sing to the ears a$d to
the hearts of all the enemies of the country. It
is no less than this: that these States shall suf-
fer nothing and forfeit nothing by the rebellion,
but they sliaH be admitted, unwashed and red
with the blood of their countrymen, in full com-
munion with the honest and loyal men of the
country in the councils of the nation. What
has brought about this change? It all points
to this fact, that it will not do to tempt men in
this way.
Sir, this policy of bringing these States into
the Union with all their rebellion and treason
in their hearts is no belter than treason itself;
for I lay down the rule here, and I defy con-
tradiction, that if there is any man, be he high
or low. who is an advocate for bringing un-
washed traitors into the councils of the nation,
that man is a traitor in his heart; he is an
enemy to the nation, to the Government, and
nothing can wipe it out. He that invokes the
aid of an unrepentant rebel to come into the
councils of the nation and participate with us
in its administration is no better than a rebel,
and he is a rebel at heart.
How does the "policy that has now been an-
nounced differ from the policy that would be
announced in the same place by Jefferson Davis,
were he to-morrow placed in the same position?
Would he ask any more, and would ho ask any
less, than that his coconspirators should all be
restored to precisely the same position of pre-
dominance that they had -when they left these
Halls? We all know the history of that period
when those men in these Halls rebelled. How-
was it? When they went off they had the Gov-
ernment all in their own hands; and to the
eternal infamy of the Democratic party be it
said, that, with all their treason on their skirts,
in this Senate Chamber there was but one man
that I recollect on that side of the Chamber
who protested against their treason. They
stood faithfully by them during all that period
of events that led to the open rupture of war.
You may search the Journals of the Senate and
of the other House and you will not find a single
Democratic vote recorded against the will and
measures enjoined upon them by the southern
rebels just before they went out of Congress.
They had it all their own way. Mr. President,
you and I felt more relieved than we ever did
on any other occasion when we saw them vol-
unteer to leave these Halls. It was the great-
est blunder that treason ever committed. They
were infinitely moie formidable here than they
were in the field. There we could crush them
by our superior forces and resources, but here
they held us by the help of their serfs, the Dem-
ocratic party, in perfect subjection. No man
of the Democratic party undertook to gainsay
whatever measure they proposed, or to protest
against what they did. You cannot, find if,
anywhere recorded in the Journals of this body.
Now, sir, snppo=e they had kept on here just
as they are invited to come in now; suppose
they had kept right along and had not commit-
ted that blunder, but held predominance in
Congress and prevented any provision being
made by the Government for resisting their
treason : you could not have voted a dollar to
carry on the war, you could not have enlisted
a soldier, you could not have done the first act
by which we could defend ourselves, had they
not committed that blunder, for the Demo-
cratic party here would have stood by them and
voted down every measure, as they undertook
to vote them down after their masters had gone.
Some gentlemen arc very much astonished
at the number of constitutional amendments
that are offered from time to time. I do not
wonder at it at all. This gieat Government,
now floundering through a crisis that never
Government encountered before, is tried in all
its parts; and if there be any weakness in it, it
i is revealed by the very difficulties that we cn-
I counter and overcome. As a great ship over-
| taken by a hurricane shows you all the weak
j spots in it. and shows whore the carpenter ought
j to commence his woik, so it is with this great
I Government. Men see, as it fiounders.through
these difficulties, where the weak spots are, and
this one that I seek to mend now is among the
most weakening of the deficiencies that exist
in the Constitution of our fathers. It is no
disparagement to them that we find a century
afterward that their work was not complete and
adapted to all time to come. It would have
been more-than a miracle of human wisdom if
they had been able toaccomplish such an event.
It is absurd to suppose that a Constitution that
worked well among a people spread over a small
extent of country and not more than three mil-
lions in number should be in all particulars per-,
feet when the nation had grown up to contain
more than thirty millions and had spread over
an entire continent. You might just as well
expect that cloth cut for an infant would be the
pattern for him in {ill time to come when he had
arrived at. manhood. There are defects in the
Constitution, and this is among the most glar-
ing. All men have seen it; and now let us have
the nerve, let us have the resolution to come up
and apply the remedy. It is singular that we
probably have now an opportunity to do it. It
is very rare in the history of nations that an
opportunity like this arises. I hope everybody
will join with me in this proposition, and the
President among the rest; and he will, if he
has a spark of patriotism, enjoin it upon us,
as General Jackson did, as Washington did,
as all the great statesmen that preceded us
have done.
Therefore I shall move at a very early period
to take up this resolution, and I intend to have
the sense of Congress upon it. It is no new
proposition emanating with me, but it has had
the sanction of the most sagacious and eminent
statesmen that ever graced the Halls of Congress
or the executive chair. Of all the amend-
ments that have been proposed to the Consti-
tution I have no doubt this is the most con-
servative—however, I do not like to give it that
bad name. It is the great remedy for the evils
under which w« now labor. I have no doubt
about it.
This is all I wish to say about this proposition
now. I repeat that I shall call it up at an early
day, and I shall enjoin it upon this Senate to
carry it through with me; and here I have
the satisfaction of believing that I shall have
the aid and assistance of all parties, because it
is a measure that has heretofore met the appro-
bation of everybody. I move that this joint
resolution be printed and laid upon the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be entered if there be no objection.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CRESWELL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. l.">7) to protect children of African descent
from being enslaved in violation of the Consti-
tution of the United States; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have that
bill read at length.
The Secretary read the bill, which provides
that it shall not be lawful in any of the States
of the United States where slavery has been
abolished since the year 1851, either ,by State
constitutions, legislative enactments, or by the
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States abolishing slavery in the United Stares,
to indenture as apprentice any child or children
of African descant without the consent first
obtained of the parents, or parent if only one
be living, guardian, or next friend. Any in-
denture of a child or children of African de-
scent as negro apprentices since the year 1661
without the consent of parents, or parent if one
be living, guardian, or next friend, is declared
to be in violation of the amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States abolishing slavery
therein, and the indentures null and void. In
all cases of indentures of negro apprentices
made by any of the courts in the States, if it
shall appear on investigation that the consent
of the parents, parent, guardian, or ne^t friend
was obtained by fraud or misreprosentalion, or
that the indentures were obtained by fraud or
misrepresentation of any kind, or that the age
