1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
or condition of the child or children indentured
as negro apprentices was incorrectly stated in
the indenture, then the indentures are to be
null and void. ,
If any person or persons shall continue to
hold in slavery in violation of the provisions of
this bill, any child or children of African de-
scent who may have been indentured as African
apprentices without the consent of the parents,
or parent if only one be living, guardian, or
next friend, on complaint or information given
to any circuit or district court of the United
States, or any judge thereof, or to any court
organized by the authority of the Freedmen s
Bureau of the United States, those courts or
judges are to cause to be issued the writ of
habeas corpus directed to the person or persons
who may be thus unlawfully detaining such ap-
prentices to appear forthwith before such courts
or judges, and upon a hearing and a full inves-
tigation of all the facts in the ease, if they shall
find that the child or children are held in vio-
lation of this bill, they shall set the apprentice
or apprentices free from such slavery, and may
impose a fine of not less than $300 nor more
than $5U0 upon the offender, or imprisonment
for not more than six months, or both, in the
discretion of the court. Nothing in this bill is
to apply to the trustees of the poor or to the
managers of the houses of refuge of the sev-
eral States who indenture children of African
descent, on the same condition as white children
are indentured. •
Mr. ORES WELL. _ I ask the reference of
this bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
It was so referred.
IfJRBEDMKN's BUREAU VETO MESSAGE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business of yesterday is the bill returned
by the President of the United States, with his
objections to its passage, it being Senate bill
No. 60, to amend an act entitled "Art act to
establish a Bureau tor the Relief of Ireedmen
and Refugees," and for other purposes; and
the question is: Shall the bill pass, the objec-
tions .of the President of the United States
notwithstanding? .
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, T propose to
submit to the Senate an argument in support of
the President's veto of the act to increase the
powers of the Freedmen's Bureau. This act,
and the law-to which it is proposed as an amend-
ment. are to "extend to refugees and ireed-
men 'in all parts of the United States, and
authorize ihe President to " divide the section
of countrv containing such refugees and ireed-
men into'dislricts, each containing one or more
States, not to exceed twelve in number, to ap-
point an assistant commissioner for each of said
districts ; or to detail from the Army a Commis-
sioner and assistant commissioners."
The Commissioner, with the approval of -he
President, is required "to divide each district
into a number of sub-districts notto exceed the
' number of counties, or parishes in each bta.e,
and shall assign to each sub-dtsirict at _loa^.
one a stent." "Each assistant commissioner
mav employ not exceeding six clerks, i-c. ,
"the President, through tueWar Department
and the Commissioner, shall extend mihtaij
protection over the_employes, agents, and otli-
cers of the bureau. ' . f
"The Secretary of War may direct such ot
WBtatoaBMnSK
their wives :uul children. c
The President is authorized to reserve .torn
sale or from settlement under the
or preemption laws, and to set apart ioi u
use of freedmen and loyal refugees, unoccu-
pied public lands in Florida. Mississippi,.Ai
Kansas. Alabama, and Louisiana, not exceed
ing in all three million acres tgood) land, ;and
the Commissioner, under the direction of the
President, shall cause the _ sam/\ir0'up„tX Uo°
time, to be allotted and assigned, m rai e Jb i
exeeediii" forty acres each, to the loyal i,-u.
gees and'3 freedmen, who will be protected m
the use and enjoyment thereof, for such term
of time and such annual rent as may be agreed
on between the Commissioner and such refu-
gees and freedmen—they to have the right of
preemption at the end of the term. .The pos-
sessory titles, granted in pursuance of General
Sherman's field order of January 16,1865, to a
large quantity of the best Sea Island cotton
lands are confirmed for three years, which will
result in a fee-simple estate.   
The Commissioner, under the direction of
the President, is required to procure "in the
name of the United States, by grant or pur-
chase within the districts aforesaid, such lands,"
without limit as to quantity, "as maybe re-
quired for refugees and freedmen dependent
on the Government,- and he shall provide or
cause to be built suitable asylums and schools
for them." .
The seventh section provides that m any
State or district in which the ordinary course
of judicial proceedings has been interrupted by
the rebellion, and in which there are discrimi-
nations to the prejudice of negroes, mulattoes,
freedmen, or refugees in the right to make and
enforce contracts, to sue, be parries, and give
evidence, to inherit, purchase, lease, seil. hold,
and convey real and personal propert}', and
to have full and equal benefit of all laws ana
proceedings for the security of person and
estate, or whenever they, or any of them, are
subjected to any other or different -punishment,
pains, or penalties for the commission _ot any
act or offense than are prescribed for white per-
sons committing like acts or oftenses, it shall be
the duty of the'President of the United States,
through the Commissioner, to extend military
protection and jurisdiction over all cases allect-
ing such persons so discriminated against."
Section eight makes it a misdemeanor to j
deprive any negro, mulatto, freedman, refugee,
or other person, on account of race or color,
of any civil right secured to white persons ; or
to inflict on them any othci ur different punish-
ment than white poisons are subject to for the
commission of like acts and offenses; and for
such misdemeanor it declares punishment of
fine not exceeding $1,000, or impnsonmcnt
not exceeding one year, or both. ^
This section also makes it the duty • ot hie
officers and agents of this bureau to take juris-
diction of and hear and determine all offenses
committed against its provisions ' " and also of
all cases affecting negroes, mulattoes, freedmen,
refugees j or other persons who fire cascinm-
nated against in anv of the particulars men-
tioned in the preceding section, under such
rules and regulations as the President of the
United States, through the War Department,
thai! prescribe. '
This is a bvnop-.s of the act. It organizes
the largest and most expensive eleemosynary
institution that ever existed, and adopts all the
ne°ro population of the L nited^States, num-
bering about four and a half millions, as iheir
wards; and it provides that the suppoit ot any
of them may, as a large portion oi them neces-
sarily must, become a charge upon it. i our
thousand officers, diffused over hie ~mted
States, with an aggregate of more t nan five mil-
lion dollars of f.al.uy, may be put into the ser-
vice of this institution. It= annual expenui-
ture of money will probably bo not less than
<R5  000.000. and could, to carry out us uul pur-
i no--. ]>e pushed lofivetimes that amount; and
; ^quantity of land required for it may be
] reasonably estimated at not less than thuty
i million acres. ,
: Rut these are n ot by far tfie gravest and most
objectionable features ot the act. It e&tao
' lishes a military despotism in everv State imo
; which it may be carried, where ' the
I course of judicial proceedings has been inte -
: runted by the rebellion, ' and sustains it bj the
: whole military power of the L mied States.
confers upon the officers of this bureau u-
: traordinarv and dangerous logislatne, execu-
'' five, and judicial powers, ana requires them bj
I' force of amis to trample down all State laws
! i which deny to negroes and mulattoes an equ«.lil,>
of the civil rights enumerated in it with white -
people; and to wrest negroes and, mulattoes
from all punishment different from what is,
declared by law against white person? for the
same acts and offenses; and to substitute for
the laws thus to be set aside an arbitral cod<§
to be cohcoctcd in the War Office. t ..It ffiak^s
the enforcement of any State laws wlii,ch make
distinctions between the civil rights and pun-
ishments of negroes and mulattoes and white
persons 3 high misdemeanor, and denounces
against the State officers who enforce tho'SS
laws heavy punishment, b.oth by fine and i'm'-
prisonmenfc. It forces all causes of .suit be-
tween the negro and white persons from ^the
civil law and civil judge and juries, £tn_d requires
them to be tried by the officers of this bureau,
according to its military code. And it protects
by United States bayonets "all employes,
agents, and officers of this bureau" from any
responsibility by the civil law and courts for
any and every wrong perpetrated by them, how-
ever enormous.
Never before in this country did Congress
attempt such legislation, and where is there any
authority for it? It must be found ii^the Con-
stitution. or the act can have no validity. We
propose to examine that general question. The
States and their governments existed beiore
the United States and the General Government.
The States and their governments cooperated
m forming the Constitution and Government
of the United States, and without such cooper-
ation they could not have been formed. Be-
fore the adoption of the Constitution tho Statea
ivere, each for itself, possessed of ad sover-
eignty; but by that instrument their people
delegated a portion of their sovereignty, and
organized it into a general but limited Govern-
ment for the people of all the States; and the
sovereignty with which they parted; and th©
form of the Government they instituted,_ are
expressed m the Constitution. Every princi-
ple and every power of which they have be com o
dispossessed, and their adjustment into a na-
tional Government, were written down in the
Constitution. Neither, the States nor their
governments were dissolved br the formation
of the Government of the United States^; out
they remained as they bad previously existed,
organized and possessed ot all sovereignty ana
power, exccpt. the limited amount which they
liad parted with, and which is named in the
Constitution.
The General Government was not onty so
framed as to leave the States in existence, but
it was to some extent founded upon them, ana
for its existence and operation requires their
cooperation, as Senators in Congress are to be
chosen by tlfeir Legislatures, and " each State
shall appoint, in such manner as the legisla-
ture may direct," its presidential electors, it
the States were to refuse to perform these func-
tions it would bring the Government of the
United States to an end. The Constitution of
the United States, and the acts of Congress
made in pursuance of it, are the supreme law
of the land. But every act oi' Congress must be
authorized by a power conferred upon it by
the Constitution to pasis that act. _ Y\ ;thm its
constitutional sphere, even though it be in con-
flict with any or nil the State governments, the
authority of the United States Government is
paramount and supreme; but outside of the
powers delegated to the United States by the
Constitution, and not prohibited by it to the
States, they are paramount and supreme. All
political sovereignty is thus divided between
the United States and the States ; and the main-
tenance of our complex system oi blended gov-
ernments, national and Slate, require that ad
the powers and sovereignty apportions to
either shall be held inviolate by the other : and
if it is disadjusted by the encroachments ot
either, it is the highest duty of the people of
the LTnited States to readjust it.
These principles have oiten been pronounced
in the opmions of the Supreme Court; ami all
of them are very clearly stated by Unci Jus-
1 tice Marshall in the opinion ni the ease of jflc-
