THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
not upon freedom and the free. In 1880 the
total free negro population of the United States
was 488,005, and it may be assumed to have
been 500,000 at the commencement of the re-
bellion. Maryland, Missouri, and Tennessee
had liberated all their slaves before the adop-
tion of the amendment. It is claimfed by the
friends of this measure that the slaves of the
rebel States had been made free by the Presi-
dent's proclamation or having enlisted into the
Army or by being the wives and children of
those who had. In Kentucky about 35,000
slaves have become soldiers, and their wives
. and children were estimated by officers con-
nected with the negro recruiting in that State
to be 75,000. According to this computation
there were about 140,000 slaves in Kentucky,
not .more, when this amendment of the Consti-
tution went into effect, and could not have been
500,000inthe whole United States ; and on this
small amount of negro population only, by the
principles contended for-by its friends, is there
even a pretext to make this act operate: and
yet by its terms it extends not only to the whole
negro, but also to the entire white population
of the United States.
The original thirteen, as colonies and States,
were all slaveholding for more than one hun-
dred years, and that continued to be the con-
dition of six of them down to this great insur-
rection. Nine oft he new States adopted slaver)-,
and with that institution were admitted into the
Union as having a'republican form of govern-
ment, in accordance with the requisition of the
Constitution. It was States holding slaves as
property that formed the Constitution, and in-
corporated the provision that the United States
should guaranty to all the States a republican
form of government, and they each continued
one of the United States, adhering to slaverv
as long as it was their will, and their repub-
lican lbrm of government was never questioned.
The position that a slaveholding State could
not have a republican form of government in
the sense of the Constitution is one of the
senseless extravagances of the day.
Every slaveholding State, throughout the
entire period of its continuance of that institu-
tion, had a mode established by its laws to en-
able the owners of slaves, bv their own act, to
emancipate them. In all the States bat. three,
it is a well-known fact that the emancipation
of a slave conferred on him no political right ■
whatever: and we have met with no evidence
that it had any such component part or eonse- I
queneein either of those three States. When- j
ever a slave was manumitted, he became enti- j
tied to some civil rights by the laws of the State;
but their number and extent varied in different '
States, and in none were they a part of the act
of manumission. The deliverance of the slave
from subjection to the will of all other persons,
and the guarantee by the laws of that deliver-
ance. are all there is of emancipation. His
acquisition of civil rights is altogether a distinct
matter; and until the adoption of this amend-
ment of the Constitution, the power of each
Stale over both subjects had been exclusive
and sovereign, and it still continues so over the
mailer of civil rights.
Every State had some population that were
neither slaves nor citizens, to which it extended
some civil rights, but the quantum was not uni- \
form or stable. This concession was deter- j
mined by each State for itself, and the right to j
make it more or less, or to alter it according to :
the varying condition or S"ur;e of policy and
justice, from time to lime, iva< never doubted.
Ou their emancipation, slaves, by general laws,
were remitted to all ihe civil rights of that por-
tion of the population of the State who were
not citizen-;, unless some of them weie with-
held by special enactments or inflexible cus-
tom. ^ Intermarriage with white persons, com-
mingling with them in hotels, theaters, steam-
boats. and other civil rights and privileges,wore
always forbid to free negroes, until Massachu-
setts has recently achieved the unenviable noto-
riety ol making bersell an exceptionable case.
These observation* are equally applicable to '
the genet al systems of emancipation of some of,!
the States, acting by their Legislatures or con-
ventions.
But under the power to enforce the simple
abolition and prohibition of slavery in the
United States, tile frantic friends of the negro
claim that. Congress has the authority and is
bound to pass laws to secure to all the negroes
in the United States farms of forty acres of
good land, build houses upon them; to found
churches and schools, and furnish them with
preachers and teachers; to build and maintain
the requisite number of poor-houses for that
whole population, to supply the indigent and
destitute with provisions, clothing, and medical
service, and all with transportation; to secure
the negro an equality of civil rights and disabil-
ities, and of pains, penalties, and punishments;
to guaranty to him suffrage in elections, and to
give evidence in courts; and as a necessary
sequel, eligibility to all the offices by which
the laws are made, adjudged, and executed,
State and Federal courts, inferior and supreme,
shrievalties and marslialcies, governorships,
and presidency. And to hold the negro up to
this high estate, they say power enables and
duty demands of Congress to organize a mili-
tary autocracy in this Freedmen's Bureau, with
absolute will to repudiate the laws of Congress
and the States, the courts Federal and State,
the supreme law of the land, the Constitution
of the United States; and itself to absorb all
political sovereignty and powers, legislative,
executive, and judicial, concerning the negro
generally, and particularly in all his relations
with the white man.
This sketch falls below th.e enormity of the
" act to increase the powers of the Freedmen's
Bureau." It requires madness, or something
worse, to pronounce such a measure just, wise,
or constitutional.
The President has put his veto upon it. This
power originated in Kome while Rome was
yet a republic. It was raised up by the peo-
ple, and by them vested in their tribunes to
forbid the Senate to pass improper laws. In
our Government it has a similar office. It is
confided to the President, the tribune of the
people of the United States, and chosen by
them. It is a constitutional check upon Con-
gress when thev are about to pass unjust, mis-
chievous. oppressive, and unconstitutional laws.
It is one of the great defenses of the Constitu-
tion and popular liberty. It has been intervened
on this occasion to check an act unparalleled
in its enormous and profligate expenditure of 1
the public money, in its grinding oppression of
eight million white people, and in the num- j
ber and enormity of its aggressions upon the ;
Constitution. An act, the authors of which I
have dissolved the Union by excluding the !
eleven States which are to be enslaved by it '
from all representation in the two Houses of J
Congress, and which could not be passed if those
States were represented. Never was there an
occasion or a measure which so imperatively
demanded the presidential veto.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, it was
with surprise and profound regret that I read
the extraordinary message of the President of
the United Slates, returning with his objec-
tions the b'il to amend an act entitled '"An
act to establish a Bureau for the Relief of
Freeumen and Refugees." and for other pur-
poses. It has been my desire that the various
department? of the Government should har-
monize in the restoration of all the States to
their full constitutional relations in the Union.
I have soughvto forward such measures as would
protec., the loyal refugees and freedmen in the tj
rebellions States, and would, as I supposed, |)
harmonize with the views of the Executive.
He had proposed to the rebel States, as con-
ditions precedent to their resumption of prac-
tical relations with the United States, "that
civil rights should be secured by laws applicable
alike to whites and blacks,'1 and had declared
in his message, delivered to us at, the commence-
ment of the session, that " we shall but fulfill
our duties a.-, legislator,, by according equal and
exact justice to all men, special privileges lo
none.'' Tke only object and design of the bill
was to secure these rights to all men ; and I am
greatly surprised that a bill designed for such a
purpose should have been ret urned by ihe Exec-
utive with a statement that it is '1 as inconsistent
with the actual condition of the country as it is
at variance with the Constitution of the United
States.'' Having taken a somewhat active part
in the passage of this bill through the Senate,
I feel called upon to vindicate myself from the
charge of having urged upon the Senate a bill
so unconstitutional and so inconsistent with
the actual condition of the country as this is
now declared to be.
What is this amendment to the Freedmen's
Bureau bill? It is not a measure establishing a
bureau, but merely amendatory of an actalready
in existence ; nor does it, as seems to be sup-
posed by some, materially enlarge the powers
of the Freedmen's Bureau as it already exists.
It is an entire misapprehension to suppose that
such was the object of the bill or such its ef-
fect. It does little more than give the sanction
of law to what is already being done without
any statute authorizing it. The Freedmen's
Bureau, as I have said, already exists. Courts
are held by the Freedmen's Bureau throughout
the entire region of country where that bureau
is in operation. LTnder the military authority
laws inconsistent, as is believed, with the safety
of the Government, and incompatible with mil-
itary operations are set aside at this time in
eleven States. _ The object of the bill was to
continue in existence the Freedmen's Bureau
—not as a permanent institution. Any such
intent was disavowed during the discussion of
the bill. It is true, no time is expressly limited
in the bill itself when it shall ccase to operate,
nor is it customary to insert such a clause in a
law: but it is declared that the bill shall operate
until otherwise provided by lav/. It is known
that the Congress of the United States assem-
bles every year, and no one supposed that this
bill was to establish a bureau to be ingrafted
upon the country as a permanent institution; far
from it. Nor is it a bill that is intended to go
into the States and ^ke control of the domestic
affairs of tho States.
The original act and this amendatory bill
together were simply designed to protect refu-
gees and fieedmen from persecution, aid them
to find employment, and to provide, not for
four million emancipated slaves and millions
of refugees, but only for the indigent, for those
who were unable to take care of themselves,
and that temporarily, until provision could be
made so that they could beecyne self-supporting.
In consequence of the war, thousands of Union
men had been driven from their homes all over
the South, and particularly was this the ease in
Tennessee. They had been stripped of their
property. "Women and children had fled desti-
tute from their homes. They had neither food
to eat nor clothes to w?ar. They flocked around
our armies, and during the whole progress of
the war they were fed by our supplies. 'So also
with the_freedmen. Congress at an early day
passed a law declaring free all slaves who should
come within the lines of our Army. They came
flying within our lines, without clothing, with-
out hats, oftentimes wounded, foot-sore and
distressed. Many of them entered our ranks
to fight, for the cause of the country, and others
we fed and clothed from our stores.
While the war was progressing, and while
these people were flocking around our Army,
on the l>d of March, 1865, not yet one year ago,
the Congress of the United States passed a law
to create a special department of the military
establishment whose duty it should be to look
to their pressing wants. That was called the
Freedmen's Bureau, and officers were assigned
chiefly from the Army to take charge of it. Since
that time the conflict of arms has ccased. but
there are still upon our hands some of these
destitute people who must be provided for—a
far less number than would have been upon our
hands if no system had been dc\ised for taking
care of them, for finding them cm plo} merit, for
settling them upon tracts of land wherever it
could be done; and L undertake to say that
there has been saved to the Government mil-
