ms
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
after said State shall have been fully restored in all
its constitutional relations to the United States, and
the courts of the State and of the United States
within the same are not disturbed or stopped in the
peaceable course of justice."
Sirvthe whole jurisdiction to try and dispose
of cases by the officers and agents of the Frecd-
mcn'a Bureau is expressly limited to the time
when these States shall be restored to their
constitutional relations and when the courts of
the United States and of the States are not in-
terrupted or interfered with in the peaceable
course of justice. So far, then, from this bill
establishing a military jurisdiction, it confers
no jurisdiction to try cases one moment after
the courts are restored and are no longer in-
terrupted in the peaceable administration of
justice. And, sir, let,me ask, by what authority
is it that military tribunals are sitting to-day at
Alexandria, Virginia? By what authority is it
that the writ of habeas corpus is suspended to-
day in eleven States when the Constitution of
the United States says the prhilege of that
writ shall not be suspended except when in
cases of rebellion and invasion the public safety
may require it. By what authority does the
President of the United States object to the
exercise of military jurisdiction by that part of
the Army charged with the execution of the
provisions of the Freedmen's Bureau when he
exercises that military jurisdiction himself by
other portions of the Army? It is not long
since a military commission in the State of
Georgia, without presentment or indictment of
a grand jury, tried and convicted white men for
the murder of a negro, and, as I understand, by
the fiat of Andrew Johnson himself and by t.he
judgment of this military commission, the men
were executed for the murder. Not long ago
Benjamin W. Ivey, of Robeson county. North
Carolina, without presentment or indictment
oi a jury, was tried by a military commission
(ordered by Major General Ruger) upon a
charge of willfully and maliciously shooting a
negro, was found guilty, and sentenced to ten
years' hard labor in the State prison at Auburn,
New York, and from the decision of this arbi-
trary tribunal no appeal was allowed. It is but
a few days since a military commission was
sitting in Alexandria trying persons charged
with crimes; and they are held all over the
South. And yet that part of the Army con-
nected with the Freedmen's Bureau cannot
exercise any such authority because it is un-
constitutional! Unconstitutional to do by vir-
tue of a law of Congress what is done without
any law!
Sir, let me read what is being done in these
southern States at this very time:
[General Orders, No. 3.]
War Department*
Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, January 12, 1866.
To protect persons against improper civil suits and
penalties in late rebellious State.3:
Military division and department commanders
whose commands embrace or are composed of any of
the late rebellious States, and who have not already
done so, will at once issue and enforce orders protect-
in? from prosecution or suits in the State or muni-
cipal courts of such State, all officers and soldiers of
the armies of the United States, and all persons? thereto
attached, or in anywise thereto belonging, subject to
military aui hority, charged with offenses for acts done
in their military capacity or pursuant to orders from
proper military authority; and to protect from suit
or prosecution all loyal citizens or persons charged
with offenses done against the rebel force?, directly
or indirectly, during the existence of the rebellion*:
and ail persons, their agents, or employe?, charged
wnh the occupancy of abandoned land or ulanta-
tions, or the possession or cu.-tody of any kind of prop-
erty whatever, who occupied, u-ed, po^-c^ed, or con-
trolled the same pursuant to the order of the Presi-
dent or any of the civil or military departments of
the Government, pnd to protect them irom any pen-
alties or damages that may hove been or nicy be pro-
nounced or adjudged in said courts in any of *uch
cases; and also protecting colored persons from per-
secutions in any of said States chargcd with offenses
for whtel^wbite persons are not prosecuted or pun-
ished m tnc same manner and degree.
By command of Lieutenant General Grant:
D. TOWiXSEXD,
Adjutant (* one sat.
Thrrp i^an order issued necessarily under
the minority of the President, who is Com-
nunulei-in-Chief, directing department com-
manders everywhere to protect loyal citizens
against prosecutions by rebels for acts done in
support of the Government, and to protect col-
ored persons charged with offenses for which
white persons are not punished in the same man-
ner and degree. Where is the authority to issue
that order, dated oil the 12th day of January
last? Sir, 1 want to know, if there was authority
to issue such an order as that which is to-day
being executed all through the South, whether
it is possible that Congress has no authority to
transfer that jurisdiction from department com-
manders to the commander of the Freedmen's
Bureau, who is as much an officer of the Army
as is Lieutenant General Grant himself ?
But where does the Executive get the power?
The President is but the Commander-in-Chief
of the armies, made so by the Constitution;
but he cannot raise an army or a single soldier,
he cannot appoint a single officer without the
consent of Congress. He cannot make any
rules and regulations for the government of the
Army without our permission. The Constitu-
tion of the United States declares in so many
words that Congress shall have power ato
make rules for the government and regulation
of the land and naval forces" of the United
States. Can it be that that department of the
Government, vested in express terms by the
Constitution itself with authority to make rules
for the governmenf and regulation of the land
and naval forces, has no authority to direct
that portion of the land and naval forces em-
ployed in the Freedmen's Bureau to exercise
this jurisdiction instead of department com-
manders? Sir, it is competent for Congress to
declare that no department commanders shall
exercise any such authority, it is competent for
Congress to declare that a court-martial shall
never sit, that a military commission shall never
be held, and the President is as much bound
to obey the law as the humblest citizen in the
land.
Sir, I will read another order issued within
a few days, dated the 17th of February, of the
present year:
Headquarters Armies of the United States,
Washington, February 17,18(56.
You will please send to these headquarters, as soon
as practicable, and from time to time thereafter, such
copies of newspapers published in your department
as contain sentiments of disloyalty and hostility to the
Government in any of its branches, and state whether
such paper is habitual in its utterances of such sen-
timents. The persistent publication of articles cal-
culated to keep up hostility of feeling between the
people of the different sections of the country cannot
be tolerated. This information is called for with a
view to their suppression, which will be done from
these headquarters only.
By command of Lieutenant General Grant:
T. S. BOWKKS,
Assistant Adjutant General.
There is an order issued within a week past,
the object of which is to stop the publication of
newspapers containing disloyal sentiments. By
what authority, if this be a time of peace, does
the military make «uch an order? Can we not
confer that power, if the military can properly
exercise it at all. on another branch of the
Army? It is surprising to me that persons in
the daily exercise of the very powers conferred
by this amendment of the Freedmen's Bureau
should deny the authority of Congress to pass
the act.
But, says the President,
" The trials having their origin under this bill are
to take place without the intervention of a jury, and
without anv fi-ved rules of law or evidence."
Do not all military trials take place in that
•way? Did anybody ever hear of the present-
ment of a grand jury in a case wheie a court-
mortial sat fur the trial of a military offense,
or the trial of a person charged with any offense
cognizable before it? Again he says:
"The rules on which offenses are to be'heard and
determined' by the numerous agents are such ruins
and regulations as the President, through the War
Department, shall prescribe. No previous present-
ment is required, nor any indictment charging the
commission of a crime against the laws; but the trial
must proceed on charges and specifications. The pun-
ishment u ill be—not what the law declares, but Mich !
as a court-martial may think proper: and irom the-se !
arbitrary tribunals there lie? no appeal, no writ of ;
en or to any of the courts in which the Constitution ;
of the United States vests exclusively the judicial :
power oi the country."
True—except the bill limits the punishment j
to ua fine not exceeding $1,000, or imprison- I
ment not exceeding one year, or both;" and
yet that is precisely what is to-day being done,
and has been done for the last four years under
the direct sanction of the President ofthe United
States. This Freedmen's Bureau bill confers
no authority to do this except in those regions
of country where military authority prevails,
where martial law is established, where per-
sons exercising civil authority act in subordina-
tion to the military power, and where the mo-
ment they transcend the proper limits as fixed
by military orders, they are liable to be arrested
and punished without the intervention of a grand
jury, or without the right of appeal to any of
the judicial tribunals of the country. What
would have been thought of an appeal from the
decision of the military tribunal that sat in the
city of Washington and condemned the murder-
ers of ourlate President, to the judicial tribunals
of the country ! Where military authority bears
sway, where the courts are overborne, is it not
an absurdity to say that you must have a pre-
sentment of a grand jury and a trial in a court ?
Sir, it is an old adage, that'the law never re-
quires impossibilities. There was a time when
in all these rebellious States there was not one
judicial officer recognizing the authority of the
Government, of the United States, when there
was not, one single court where a grand jury
could be impaneled to maintain the law and
Constitution of the United States : and are we
to be told, and is it to be seriously argued, that
in a district of country thus situated, where
courts cannot be held, where in the conflict of
arms the civil tribunals are overborne and ex-
pelled, and where martial law prevails, that no
person can be tried or punished for any offense
by the military power, which is the only power
in existence at the time?
All parts of the Constitution of the United
States are to be construed together and in
harmony with each other;*and although the
Constitution does provide, for the protection of
the citizen, that he shall not be tried for a crim-
inal offense except on the indictment or pre-
sentment of a grand jury, and that he shall be
entitled to a trial before a petit jury, manifestly
these clauses of the Constitution apply to a
condition of things where it is possible to have
a court, to have a grand jury and a petit jury
impaneled, and to bring the offender to jus-
tice before the civil tribunals; and the framers
of the Constitution never intended, and such is
not the meaning of the instrument, that when
the civil tribunals were overborne and a grand
jury could not be impaneled, still you must
have the presentment or indictment of a grand
jury. No, sir, the same Constitution that con-
tains these guarantees for the protection of the
citizen in localities where the courts are in
operation, and where they are not interrupted
in the peaceable administration of justice, con-
tains also a clause authorizing the colling out
of the militia to enforce the laws of the Union
and to put down insurrection and rebellion;
and when this army is called forth it operates,
Mr. President, not as civil tribunals through
juries and courts, but it operates as armies
operate. It proceeds to put down rebellion by
slaying the rebel if he is found in arms, with-
out trial in court, without impaneling juries;
but, sir, it does it in the exercise of the power
which is conferred upon the Army. It acts as
an army and not as a court, and the Constitu-
tion authorizes it to act as an army and not as,
a court, and the very reason of giving this
power to call forth the Army is because the
courts are unable to preserve the peace and
punish offenders.
The President says:
4i I cannot reconcile a system of military jurisdiction
of this kind with the words of the Constitution."
Sir. if 1 mightbe permitted to ask a question
of the PnVident of the United States, 1 would
inquire, if you cannot reconcile a system of
military jurisdiction of this kind with the words
of the Constitution why have you been exer-
cisingit? Why haveyou been organizing courts-
martial and military commissions all over the
South, trying offenders and punishing some of
them with death? Why haveyou authorized
