U2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
a man that does not protect him from the lash
if he is caught away from home without a pass?
And how can we sit here and discharge) the
constitutional obligation that is upon us to pass
the appropriate legislation to protect every man
in the land in his freedom when we know such
laws are being passed in the South if we do
nothing to prevent their enforcement,? Sir,
so far from the bill being unconstitutional, I
should feel that I had failed ill my constitu-
tional duty if I did not propose some measure
that would protect these people in their free-
dom. And yet this clausc of the Constitution
seems to have escaped entirely the observation
to the President.
I come now to the last of the objections to
this bill, and I rejoice that it is the last, both
because I am exhausted, and because it has
been an unpleasant duty to dwell upon this
veto message. The last objection which the
President takes is this:
"I cannot but add another very grave objection to
this bill. The Constitution imperatively declares, in
connection with taxation, that cach State shall have
atleastoue lleprcsentative, and fixes the rn!o for the
number to which, in future times, each State -hall be
entitled. It abo provides that the Senate of the
United States shall bo composed of two Senators
from cach State; and adds, with peculiar force, 'that
no State, without its consent, shall be deprived ol its
eijual suffrage in tlie Senate.' file original act was
necessarily passed in the absence of the States chiefly
to be affected, because their people were then con-
tumaciously engaged in the rebellion. .Now the case
is changed, and pome, at least, 01 those States are
attending Congress by loyal Representatives, solicit-
ing thealiowaiiec of theconstuutionalrightof repre-
sentation." -- * * *
" At present all the people of eleven States- are ex-
cluded—those who were most faithful during the war
not less than others."
The President objects to this bill because it
was passed in the absence of representation
from the rebellious States. If that objection
bo valid, all our legislation affecting those
States is wrong, and has been wrong from the
beginning. When the rebellion broke out, in
the first year of the war, we passed a law for
collecting a direct tax, and we assessed that
tax upon all the rebellious States. According
to the theory of the President that was all
wrong, because taxation and representation
did not go together. Those States were not
represented. Then, according to his argu-
ment—I will not read all of it—we were bound
to have received their Representatives, or else
not legislate for and tax them. He insists
they were States in the Union all the time,
and according to the Constitution each State
is entitled to at least one Representative.
If the argument that Congress cannot legis-
late for States unrepresented is good now, it
was good during the conflict of arms, for none
of the States whose governments were usurped
are yet relieved from military control. If we
have no right to legislate for those States now,
we had no right to impose the direct tax on
them. We had no right to pass any of our laws
that affected them. We had no right to raise
an army to march into the rebellions States
while they were not represented in the Congress
of the United Slates. We had no right to pass
a law declaring these States in rebellion. Why ?
The rebels were not here to be represented in
the American Senate. We had no right to
pass a law authorizing the President to issue a
proclamation discontinuing all intercourse vith
the people in those rebellious States ; and why?
Because they were not represented here. They
are States, says the President, and each State
is entitled to two Senators, and to at least one
Representative. Suppose '.he State of South'
Carolina had sent to Congress timing the war
a Representative ; had Congress nothing to do
but to admit him ? Must he he received because
he eoines from a State, and a State cannot go
out of the Union? Why, sir, is anything more
necessary than to state this proposition to show
its absolute absurdity? I agree, sir —
Mr. CO WAX. If the Senator will allow
me 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, OIr. Clakk
in tito eluiir.) Does the Senator from Illinois
yield the lloor to the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is a simple question,
I do ; but if a speech, I prefer not at this hour.
Mr. COWrAN. 1 do not intend to make a
speech, but I wish merely to ask, why not cite
the President fairly ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I mean to do so.
Mr. COWAN. What does he say with regard
to the reason why these States were not repre-
sented here during the rebellion?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will read it. I wish
the country to have the full benefit of the mes-
sage. Certainly the whole country will read it.
I could gain nothing by suppressing any portion
of it. 1 did read this sentence:
"The original act was necessarily passed in the
absence of tbe States chiefly to be affected, because
their people were then contumaciously engaged in
the rebellion."
I read that before. Does the Senator desire
me to read further?
Mr. COW'AN. No, that is the sentence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I read that before. The
Senator could not have observed it. But, sir,
although the States "contumaciously engaged
in the rebellion." the President states also in
the same connection that each State is entitled
to representation, and he insists that taxation
and representation go together. The rebel States
are surely no more entitled to representation
before they have set up governments recognized
as loyal than when contumaciously engaged in
the rebellion, and no such recognition has yet
taken place.
I agree that they are States. I have never
argued that question. I have never thought
there was any great practical importance in the
question about which so much has been said,
whether these States were in the Union or out
of the Union. My view of it is this : they are
and have been in the Union for national pur-
poses ; we have a right to establish post ofliees
there ; we have a right to appoint our custom-
house officers there; we have a right to estab-
lish courts there. For national purposes they
are States of the Union. What is their con-
dition for State purposes? For State purposes,
as State organizations, they were at one time
certainly no part of the Union. Why? Be-
cause they set up an organization hostile to the
Union, livery officer in the State of South
Carolina, for instance, took an oath of alle-
giance to a government which had been set up
in opposition to the Union. Now, while occu-
pying that condition the State could not be
represented here. Because in order to be rep-
resented there must be a State organization.
There was no State organization in South Caro-
lina for three or four years—none that we rec-
ognized. The State was there for national
purposes; solar as the Federal Government
legislated we held it in the Union: we kept it
by oar laws : wc kept it y our arms: but that
State by its own action destroyed its State
organization, through which alone it could be
represented in the national councils.
Mr. COWAN. If the Senator will allow
me 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall be through with
this point in a moment, end will :hen give way.
Mr. COWAN. I wish to ask one question
on this point.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I.etushavetheque^iion.
Mr. COWAN. I ask by what rule the rebel
is to be treated after he submits—by what law?
Mr. TRUMBULL. He is to be hung, if he is
a big rebel [Great nnphur-e in the galleries]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state to the occupants of the galleries that
it depends upon themselves whether they will
stavhere or not. Another infringement of the
rule will compel the Chair to direct that the gal-
leries he cleared. It must not be repeated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, sir, in order to
have representation in Congress, there must be
a State Legi-lature. The State Legislature of
South Carolina, lor illustration, was a disloyal
Leg'"-lifure ;:t war with ilie United Slates. It
could not eket S eater.-. Tt v.as not a Legis-
lature vested wiai any such authority, 'the
State government was overthrown. Now, what
has happened? Another State government it
is said is set up. Is it the old Stale govern'
mcnt? Not at all. It is not the old constitution
of South Carolina which is in force, but a new
one. It is not a restoration of the old Slate
organization. It is the construction of a new
State government.
Mr. CONNESS. By rebel*.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My friend says by rebels.
I do not say that, but I say we are to dgcide
who it is made by. It does not necessarily fol-
low that it is the proper State organization to
elect Senators to this body. That is a question
that we must judge of. It does not necessarily
follow that it is a State organization that is to
be recognized with all the powers of a State in
this Union. That is a question we have to
decide. Whether a State organization has been
established in any of the rebellious States which
has authority to elect Senators, is a question
Congress must decide; and if decided affirm-
atively, then, when prop'er persons present
themselves, they are of course to be admitted.
But that is a question the President cannot
determine. It is a question to be decided by
•the United States, by the representatives of the
people in Congress assembled. I care not how
these State organizations are gotten up, whether
with the aid and assistance of the President,
under an act of Congress, or by the people
themselves, it is enough for me to know, and
it is all I want to know, that an organization
has been established in any of the late rebel-
lious States, fairly representing the loyal people
of the State, which organization is loyal and
true to the Union, and has the disposition and
ability to maintain its authority in obedience
to the Constitution and laws of the United
States, and I will thank God and welcome it
into full communion with other loyal States.
Who is to decide wdiat constitutes a legitimate
State government in any State was settled years
ago by the Supreme Court of the United States,
in a case growing out of the Dorr rebellion in
Rhode Island, reported in 7 Howard, a case that
has often been referred to in this Chamber.
The question there was as to which of the two
governments set up in the State of Rhode Island
was the State government. An action was
brought by a party attached to one government
against a party attached to the other, and the
Supreme Court decided thatit was for Congress
to determine what was the legitimate State gov-
ernment of a State.
This part of the message I am considering is,
as it seems to me, somewhat foreign to the bill,
unless it be intended to assume that the Con-
gress of the United States can pass no law in
reference to these rebellious States because
they are not represented here. Why, sir, is
the fact that we impose taxes on them to au-
thorize them to representation? We impose
taxes on the Territories. Wre have imposed
taxes all the time upon the people of these re-
bellious States; and it would be strange doc-
trine if a man by becoming a rebel and the
enemy of his country was to deprive his coun-
try of the means of taxing his property.
The President says " the bill under consid-
eration refers to certain of the'States, as though
they had not been fully restored in all their con-
stitutional relations to the United States.'' It
does; and that seems to be a matter of surprise
to the President. I should be greatly surprised
to learn that certain of the States had been fully
restored. I certainly was credulous enough to
believe, when the privilege of the writ of hu/icas
rorjvis was suspended in them, when martial
law v, as prevailing all over them, that thev wero
not restored to all their constitutional relations
as States in the Union. But it seems lhat the
President is surprised that that should have
been a>sumed in this bill.
In my judgment it constitutes no sort of
objection to this bill lhat certain States were
unrepresented in Congress when ii passed.
They are not represented in con-equerce of
their own fault, and lor the t..;-■.n thai the
President himself gl-.e-,. bee,tiu'y are con-
tumaciously engaged, if not in open war, in
hostility to the Government. Si,me of the
State organizations are conn oiled by mm who
