1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
are passing unconstitutional laws, as I have
shown you to-day; by men, some of whom
went from the rebel congress to the guberna-
torial chairs in their States, and some from
the field where they had been in hostile array
against your Government. But, says the Pres-
ident, in this connection:
"The President of the United States stands toward
the country in a somewhat different attitude from
that of any member of Congress. Bach member of
Consress is choscn from a single district or State;
the Presidents chosen by the peoploof all the States.
As eleven States are not at this time represented in
cither branch of Congress, it would seem to be his
duty, on all proper occasions, to present their just
claims to Congress.''
If it would not be disrespectful, I should like
to inquire how many votes the President got in
those eleven States. Sir, he is no more the
representative of those eleven States than I am,
except as ho holds a higher position. I come
here as a representative chosen by the State
of Illinois, but I come here to legislate, not
simply for the State of Illinois, but for the Uni-
ted States of America, and for South Carolina
as well as Illinois. I deny that we are simply
the representatives of the districts and States
which send us here, or that we are governed by
such narrow views that we cannot legislate for
the whole country; and we are as much the
representatives and in this particular instance
received as much of the support of those eleven
States-as did the President himself.
Now, sir, 1 have gone through with this mes-
sage ; my comments have been made without
an opportunity for preparation or much reflec-
tion. I have probably repeated much, but as
I had taken an active part in urging this bill
upon the consideration of the Senate before it
passed, and as it was denounced as so uncon-
stitutional, so extraoidinary, and so unusual,
I thought it due to myself, at least, that I should
place before the Senate and the country the
considerations by which I was governed in sup-
porting the bill. The President believes it
unconstitutional; I believe it constitutional.
He believes that it will involve great expense;
I believe it will save expense. He believes that
the freedman will be protected without it; I
believe he will be tyrannized over, abused, and
virtually reenslaved without somelegislation by
the nation for his protection. lie believes it
unwise ; I beleive it to be politic. I thought,
in advocating it, that I was acting in harmony
with the views of the President. I regret ex-
ceedingly the antagonism which his message
presents to the expressed views of Congress,
not only as to the proper mode to be pursued in
reference to protecting the refugees a.nd freed-
men, but as to the present condition of the re-
bellious States. I shall rejoice as much as any
one to have those States restored in all their
constitutional relations at the earliest period
consistent with the safely and welfare of- the
whole people. I shall rejoice when those States
shall abolish all civil distinction between their
inhabitants on account of race or color; and
when that is done one great object of the Freed-
men's Bureau will have been accomplished.
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Guthrie]
told us he believed the same civil rights ought
to be extended to all inhabitants, now that sla-
very is abolished. Sir, if the southern States
will do that, and protect the negro and the mu-
latto just as well as they protect the white man,
there is no necessity and no occasion for the
operations of the Freedmen's Bureau. I knew
that the bill contained powers which could bo
abused in reckless hands; but I knew, also,
they were to be under the President's control,
who, I trusted, would not suffer them to be im-
properly exerted ; and ii not abused 1 thought
they were sahuary provisions to accomplish the
object which we all had in view.
is ow, sir. with these remarks, made without
any unkind feeling toward the Executive, with
whom I should be glad to agree, but, in justifi-
cation of my own position, I submit the bill,
so far as I am concerned, to the decision ot the
Senate.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I had intended
to reply at length to the argument of the hon-
orable chairman of the Judiciary Committee
upon the objections of the President of the Uni-
ted States to the bill under discussion. I am,
however, perfectly willing, if the vote can be
taken this evening, to waive that reply, and let
the speech'to which we have listened with so
much pleasure go to the country along with the
message, and let the people determine, as they
will have to do in their primary assemblies,
whether this species of legislation is to be
arrested here, or whether it is to continue in
full current as it has been commenced.
Mr.WILLEY. Mr. President, I do not pro-
pose to address the Senate on this question,
but I simply design to make a statement in
regard to the vote which I shall give. It will
be remembered that during the discussion of
this bill prior to its passage by this body, I
objected to a portion of it upon the ground that,
in my judgment, it was unconstitutional; and
having seen no cause to change my opinion in
that respect, I shall feel bound to vote against
the hill at this time. I beg to read a few sen-
tences from the brief remarks which I then
made. I said on that occasion :
"Mr. President, I know of scarcely a higher duty
than has been imposed by the result of this war upon
the Government to provide for the very contingen-
cies cmbraccd within the provisions of this bill; I
know of no higher obligation than to make all neces-
sary provision forthe protection and the elevation of
this lace, for theii protection in their civil rights and
in the enjoyment of their proper pursuits, and for
their protection in all the civil relations of life. X
know of but one higher duty devolving upon th e Sen-
ate, and that is the obligation to abido by the Consti-
tution. I stand here under the obligation ot an oath
to support that Constitution, and having come to the
conclusion, liom the arguments that have been made
during the progress of this discussion, that Congress
has no power to grant the provisions contained within
this section "—
Alluding to the sixth section, then under dis-
cussion—
" I shall, since the yeas and nays have been called, be
compelled to vote to strike it out."
The Senate failed to strike out that section,
and the bill passed finally with that section in
it. Recognizing the same obligation now which
I did then, the solemn obligation of the oath
under which I act, I shall be reluctantly com-
pelled to vote against the passage of this bill now,
as I was to vote against that section then, lhave
to make this explanation for the purpose of hav-
ing it placed upon record that I vote against
this bill simply because it has this sixth section
in it. I do not wish it to be understood that I
approve or that 1 disapprove of any of the
positions in the veto message, whether relating
to this bill or to other subjects, except that one
which holds that this bill is unconstitutional
because it contains within it the provisions of
the sixth section. Having made these remarks,
I must record my vote against the passage of
the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Shall the bill pass, the objections of the
President of the United States notwithstanding?
and the question must be taken by yeas and
nays by the provisions of the Constitution.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. POLAND, (when Mr. Foot's name was
called.) I am desired by my colleague to state
that he is confined to his room by sickness. If
he were present he would vote for the hill.
The call was concluded, and resulted as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Brown, Chandler Clark,
Conuesa. Crasin,Crcsweil, Fcsseartcn, foster,Grimes.
Han-is Henderson, Howard, Howe, iuvkvood, Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morrill. Aye, toland,
Pomerov Itam^ov, Sherman, Sprsiiruo, ;Munncr,lruiii-
bulLWade, Williams. Wilson, and Yates—o0. -
.NAYS—Mcsrs. Ciu-kalew, Cowan, Davis. .Dixon,
Doolittle, Guthrie, Hendricks. Johnson, JucDoupll.
Moi?an, Nesmith. Norton, Ridrllc, bauisbury, btew-
art. Stockton, Van AYinMo, and Ywlley io.
ABSENT — Messis. Foot and wright—2.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On this
1 question the veas are 3i> and the nays are 18.
| Two thirds of the members present not having
i voted for the bill, it is not a law. [Great ap-
! plause in portions of the galleries and hisses m
| other portions, the disturbance being confined
| to "the gentlemen's galleries. J 1 he hergeant-
at-Arms will clear the galleries and will arrest
any person making a disturbance.
The Sergeant-at-Arms proceeded to execute
the order of the President pro tempore, and
cleared the western galleries.
MESSAGE I'ltOM TEE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiib^sou, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
a bill (H. E. No. 321) to amend an act entitled
' 'An act to prevent the spread of foreign dis-
eases among the cattle oi the United States,"
approved December 18, 1865; in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
EXECUTIVE SESSION. -
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The question being put, the motion1 was
declared not to be agreed to.
Mr. RIDDLE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CBESWELL. Will my friend from
Wisconsin withdraw his motion? I desire to
have a short executive session if it meet with
the approval of the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If it is regarded as im-
portant to have an executive session, I have
no objection; and I withdraw my motion in
order that the sense of the Senate may be tested
on that question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion to adjourn can be withdrawn only by -unan-
imous consent, the yeas and nays having been
ordered upon it. No objection being made,
the motion is withdrawn.
Mr. CEESWELL. I move that the Senate
procced to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Fehtiary 20, 18G6.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntojj.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
correction OF the journal.
Mr. BANKS. 1 rise to a privileged question.
I move to amend the Journal. I notice that in
reference to the joint resolution relating to tel-
egraphic communication, it is stated that it was
reported from the CommitteeonForeign Affairs.
That is an error. It was not submitted to.that
committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
what the House understood; I certainly so
understood it.
Mr. BANKS. It was not so stated ; and I ask
to have the Journal corrected in that respect.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk entered it as
coming from the Committee onForeign Affairs,
and the Chair so understood it. The Journal
will be corrected.
distilled spirits.
Mr. HOOPER. Iam instructed unanimously
by the Committee of Ways and Means to ask
leave to report the following resolution:
Jictolwri, That it is the sense of this House that it
is inexpedient to make any change in the exciseduty
on distilled spirits.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I report from
the joint committee of fifteen, who have leave
to report at any time, the following concurrent
resolution:
Concurrent resolution concerning the insurrectionary
States.
Be it. retilved tythr House of Rcprcientativcx, (;he
Senate conourrinot.) That in order to close nsritatiou
upon a question which seems likely to disturb tlie ac-
tum of the. Government, as well as to quiet the uncer-
tainty which is agitating the minds of the people of
the eleven States which have been declared to be m
insurrection, no Senator or Representative shall be
admitted into cither branch of Congress from any of
said States until Congress shall have declared such
State entitled to such representation.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. GRIDER. Will the gentleman allow me
to offer a minority report?
Mr. STE VENS. I do not see any objection
to hearing it read.
