944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
Mr. ROGERS. I ask to be heard in oppo-
sition to the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] is entitled to the floor.
Mi. STEVENS. I have only given way to
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Grtder.]
The Clerk commenced reading the minority
report, as follows:
"The minority of the committee on reconstruction
on the part of the Mouse beg leave to report that said
committee have directed an inquiry to be made as to
the condition and loyalty of the State of Tennessee.
There has been a larae amount of evidence taken, some
part of it conducing to show that at some localities
occasionally there have been some irregularities and
temporary disaffection; yet the main direction ord
weight of the testimony are ample and conclusive to
show that thagreat body oi thepeoplemsaisl State are
not only loyal and willing, but anxious to have and
maintain amicable, sincere, and patriotic relations
with thg General (government. Such being the state
of the tacts, and inasmuch as under the census of 1800
Congress passed a law which was approved in 1863. fix-
ing the ratio and apportioning to Tennessee and all
theother States representation; and inasmuch as Ten-
nessee, disavowing insurrectionary purposes or dis-
loyalty, has, under the laws and organic law of said
State, regularly elected her members and Senatorsto
the Congress of the United Spates, in conformity to
the law:; and Constitution of the United States 
Mr. WASHBURKE, of Illinois. I rise to
  question of order. That is no minority re-
port on this subjcct.
Mr. STEVENS. It is not; and if I had known
what was in it I should not have been willing
to have it received.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can with-
draw his consent at any time he pleases.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I raise the question of
order that the reading of the report having been
commenced without objection it is now too late
to object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The floor is in possession of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, who has
yielded to the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. GRIDER. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] to allow the res-
olution to be read at all events.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the paper will be read
through.
Mr. STEVENS. If it will have no effect
upon my right I will waive any objection.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman does not
lose his right to the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection, inas-
much as it seems to be a speech of my friend.
Mr. GRIDER. Certainly, I am very much
obliged to the gentleman.
The Clerk read the remainder of the report,
as follows:
And said members are here asking admission,and
inasmuch as the Ilouse by the Constitution is the
"judge of the election,returns, and qualifications of
its members,'' considering these facts and principles,
we oifer ihe iolluwing resolution, to wit:
Jlewlwd. Tiuat U':-, State of Tennessee is entitled to
rcpicsentation in the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and the
Representative^ elected from and by said State are
hereby admitted to take their scats therein upon
being qualilied by oath according to law.
Mr. STEVENS. Having heard that paper
read, I object. Now, Mr. Speaker, having
heard that speech, which is ingenious, from
my friend 
Mr. GEIDER. The gentleman says that [
having beard the report he objects.' Objects -
to what? [
Mr. STEVENS. I was saying that, having
heard a speech upon that side of the question, :
and not intending to make any speech upon !
this side, as I hope our friends all understand ;
a question which has agitated, not this body
only, but otherportions of the community, 1 pro- ;
pose to ask for the question. I think I may
say without impropriety that until yesterday
there was an earnest investigation into the con- \
dition of Tennessee, to see whether, by aet of
Congress, we could admit that State to a con-
dition of representation here, and admit its !
members to their seats here; but since yester-
day there has arisen a state of things which the
committee deem puts it out of their power to
proceed further without suirendering a great >
principle; without, the loss of all their dignity: '!
without surrendering the rights of this body to j
the usurpation of another power. I call the i
previous question. ii
Mr. HLDRIDGE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question. [Shouts of " Order!"]
Mr. FARNSYVORTII. I object to debate.
Mr. STEVENS. After the quest.on is taken
I will yield to any gentleman.
Mr. ROGERS. I hope this resolution will
not be driven through under the gag law. [Loud
shouts of " Order!"]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a point of order.
[Renewed shouts of "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis
consin rises to a question of order, and will
state it.
Mr. ELDMDGE. I submit that the com-
mittee of fifteen have not a right to report their
proceedings by pieccmeal in this manner; that
they should make their final report; and that
the House ought not to .receive a report from
them until they do make a final report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The committee are authorized
to report at any time, and to make such por-
tions of their report as they please at any time.
Mr. GRIDEK. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I appeal to the courtesy of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to allow me to make
one or two statements.
The SPEAKER. That is not a privileged
question.
Mr. GRIDER. I make an appeal to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEVENS. There are earthquakes
around us, and I tremble ; I dare not yield.
Mr. GRIDER. I ask to be heard on this
proposition, and that it be postponed and
printed. [Shouts of "Order!' "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is not in order.
Mr. ROGERS. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield to me for a question.
[Cries of " Order!"]
Mr. STEVEInS, Not until after the vote is
taken.
Mr. ROGERS. Will he not allow me to be
hoard? [Loud shouts of ''Order!"] This is
gag law. [Renewed shouts of "Order!"]
Mr. STEVENS. I ask that the resolution
be again lead.
The resolution was again reported.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I rise to
a question of order: that this Ilouse has no
constitutional power to dismember the Union,
and no authority in law to destroy the rights of
the States.
The SPEAKER. That is not a point of order.
A point of order can only arise under parlia-
mentary law.
ilr. FINCK. I move to lay the resolution
reported by the committee upon the table, and
upon that motion I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEVENS. The vote has not yet been
taken on seconding the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay on the
table takes precedence of the demand for the
previous question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion. I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I call
for the yeas and nays on that motion.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays upon the motion to adjourn; and
there were, upon a division—ayes 2noes 110.
.Before the resultof the vote was announced,
Mr. ELD RIDGE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered: and Messrs. Eldridge
and Stevens were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported ayes thirty-one; noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken: and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 32, nays 121,
not voting ;i0; as follows:
YL'AS—?,Ies=rs. Aneona, Bergen, Boyer, Brooks,
Chanter, OoSroth, Dawson, Kldridsre, I-'inek, Glo^s-
brc-nncr. Goodyear, Under, Aaron llardme, Ilogan,
.lames M. llumpiucy, Johnson. Kerr, MeOulloujjh,
Niblack. Nichnl-on.Noelt, Hadfoi d, [Samuel J. Ran-
dall. Hitter, Rogers, Shanktin. Sitgreaves, Taber,
Xavlor, Ihorn'oil. 't'rmible. and Wright—SJ.
NAYS—j.Xe^rs. AH:.mij, Alider-oi), iJelos R. Abil-
ity, ,himc« >1. A-'h!ey,B.iker, Baldwin, Hunk", Bax-
ter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidv/eil, Bundium, Blame,
Boatwell, Brandegoe, Biomwell, Broomall, Buck-
land, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conk-
ling, Cook, Darling, Dawes, Defrees, Delano, Item-
ing, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot,
' Famsworth, Parquliar, Ferry,Garfield, Grinncll.Gris-
wold, Hale, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Hayes. Hender-
son, lligby. Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss,, Asahel \Y.
Hubbard, Chester 1). Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John
II. Hubhard, Hulburd, James Humphrey, Ingersoli,
Jenckes, Julian, Kelley, Kelso, Ketcham. Latlm,
Latham, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marston, Marvin, McClure,
Melndoe, Melvee, McItuer,Mercur, Moorhead, Mor-
rill, Morris, Moulton, Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Ortli,
Paino, Patterson, Perham, Phelps, Pike, Plants,
Pomeroy, Price, Rollins, Itoss, Rousseau, Sawyer,
Rchenek.Scofield, Shellabarger, Sloan, Smith, Spald-
ing, Starr, Stevens, Tliayer, Prancis Thomas, John
L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt
Van Horn, Ward, Warner, lilihu B. Washburne,
Vt' illiam B. \Vashburn, Welker, Wentworth, Whaley,
Williams, James 1?. AVilson, Stephen P. Wilson, Win-
dom, and Woodhridge—121.
N OX V OTIN G—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Barker.Blow,
Bundy, Cullom, Culver, Davis, Denison, Dixon,
Dumont, Harris, Hill, Edwin N. Hubbell, James it.
Ilubbell, Jones, Kasson.Kuvkendall.Le Blond, Mar
shall, Miller, William II. Randall, Raymond,-Alex-
andei II.Itice, John H. Rice, Stilwell.Strouse,P^oberfc
T. Van Horn, Yoorhees, and Winfield—30.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Frauii to lay the concurrent resolution on
the table; upon which motion the yeas and
nays had been ordered.
Mr. FINCK. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day, it be to nieet on Friday next
and upon that motion I call the yeas and nays.
Mr. WASFIBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
tellers on ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Fixck, and
Mr. Washbcrxe of Illinois, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes thirty, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask to be excused from
voting on this question.
Mr. AXCONA. And on that I call for the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, in conform-
ity with the decisions of the Speaker during the
Thirty-Seventh and Thirty-Eighth Congresses,
declines to entertain a motion to excuse a mem-
ber from voting on motions to adjourn or to
adjourn over. The ground for that decision is
very evident; for by calling the yeas and nays
on such motions it might be in the power of
one fifth of the members present to prevent a
majority of llie House from ever adjourning, or
at least delay the adjournment for an unreason-
able period.
Mr. ELDIIIDGE. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to en-
tertain the appeal, on the same ground thatlie
refuses to entertain the motion to be excused
from voting. Gentlemen will find precedents
for this decision of the Chair in the proceedings
of the Thirty-Seventh and Thirty-Eighth Con-
gresses.
Mr._ JOHNSON. I differ 
[Cries of " Order!" and much confusion.]
The SPEAKER. It should always be in tho
power of the majority of the House to adjourn
whenever they shall see lit. But if gentlemen
can ask to be excused from voting on a motion
to adjourn, and demand the yeas and nays upon
it,'or take an appeal from the decision of the
Chair refusing to entertain such motion, and
demand the yeas and nays on the appeal, then
one fifth of tho House could prevent the major-
ity from adjourning, and this could of course
be prolonged for hours.
Mr. ELDKIDGE. This is not a motion to
adjourn, but a motion to fix tho time to which
tho Ilouse will adjourn.
The SPEAKER. It is a cognate motion,
equally privileged, and one that takes prece-
dence of the motion to adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Would a motion to tako
a recess be in order?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move a call of the
House.
'flic SPEAKER. The previous question not
having been seconded, the Chair is of opinion
that tho gentleman has a light fo move a call
of the House at this time.
