1866.
THE CONGKESSIOML GLOW.
tion case from Pennsylvania was under consid-
eration, I was in my seat and voted to sustain
the report of the majority of the committee.
J find myself reported in the Globe of this
morning^ as not voting, and I presume the
Journal is to the same effect. I desire to have
my name recorded in the affirmative.
The Journal was ordered to be corrected
accordingly.
RECONSTRUCTION AGAIN.
The House resumed the consideration of the
concurrent resolution reported this morning
from the joint Committee on reconstruction.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House excused the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Johnson] from
voting.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
will be entered, but it cannot be voted upon at
this time. The pending question is upon the
motion to adjourn, upon which the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Chanler] has demanded
the yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
tellers on ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Price and
Taylor were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken j and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 23, nays 101, not voting
59; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Brooks,
Chanler, Eldridgre, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Aaron
Harding, James M. Humphrey, Kerr, Latham, Nib-
lack, Nicholson, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Rit-
ter, Rogers, Rousseau, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Taylor,
and Trimble—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Delos R. Ashley, JamesM.
Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Beaman,
Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Blame,Boutwell,Brom-
well, Broomall, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, CofiVoth,
Cook, Darling. Dawes, Dawson, Deming, Driggs, Eliot,
Farquhar, Ferry, Fmck, Garfield, Hale, Abner C.
Harding, Hart, Hayes. Henderson, Hogan, Holmes,
Asahel W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, James R.
Hubbell, Hulburd, James Humphrey, Ingersoll,
Jenekes, Julian, Kelley, Kelso, Ketcham, Kuyken-
dall,* Lafliti, William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear,
Lynch, Marshall, MeChirg, Mclndoe, MeKee, Mc-
Ruer, Mercur. Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton,
Myers, Newell, Noell, O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Per-
ham, Plants, Pricc, William H. Randall, Raymond,
John H. liiee, Rollins, Ross, Sawyer, Schenck, Shel-
labarger, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Starr, Stevens,
Thayer, Francis Thomas, Thornton, Trowbridge, Up-
son, Ward, Elihu B. Waskburne, William B.Wash-
burn, Welker, Wentworth, Whaley, Williams, James
F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge— 101.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson,
Barker, Blow, Brandegee, Buckland. Bundy, Sidney
Clarke, Conkling.Cullom, Culver, Davis, Defrees, Del-
ano, Denison, Dixon, Donnelly, Dumont, Eekley, Eg-
gleston, Farnsworth, Grider, Grinnell, Griswold, Har-
ris, Higby, Hill, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hub-
bard, Demas Hubbaid, Edwin N. Hubbell, Johnson,
jones, Kasson, George Y. Lawrence, Lc Blond, Mars-
ton. Marvin, McCullough, Miller, Paine. Phelps, Pike,
Pomeroy, Alexander H. Rice, Scofield, Stiiwell,
Strousc, Taber. John L. Thomas, Van Acrnam, Burt
Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Voorhees, Warner,
Winfield, and Wright—59.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. CHANLER. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion. I move-that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and upon that motion I call the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
order if the previous question were not pending.
Mr. CHANLER. I understand that the
motion to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union is in order at any time.
The SPEAKER. The pendency of the pre-
vious question and a motion to lay on the table
would render the motion to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole out of order until those
questions were decided.
Mr. SMITH. I ask unanimous consent to
make a personal explanation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Let the gentleman wait till this question is set-
tled.
Mr. SMITH. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois to withdraw his objection. I desire to
bring before the House and the country a mat-
ter that concerns me as well as my friends.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Smith] making
a personal explanation?
Mr. BROOMALL. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made. The
pending question is upon the motion of the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldkidge]
to reconsider the vote by which the House ex-
cused the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Johnson] from voting.
Mr. SMITH. I ask the gentlemaij from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Broomall,] whether he knows
anything about the subject which I desire to
bring before the House.
Mr. BROOMALL. I do not; but I want to
have a vote on this resolution.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, allow me to say
that it is very likely, from what has taken place
here, that we shall not reach a vote for an.hour
or two at least; and I can make in a few min-
utes the explanation I desire to make. The
explanation ought to go before the country in
conjunction with the newspaper article which
I hold in my hand, and which contains a per-
sonal reflection upon mo and my friends.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
The pending question being upon the motion
of Mr. Eldkidge to reconsider the vote by
which the House excused Mr. Johnson from
voting,
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. FINCK. I rise to a privileged motion.
I move that the House take a recess till half
past seven o'clock.
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
order if it were to take a recess from half past
four till half past seven. There is a resolution
of the House that the House will take a recess
daily at half past four o'clock p. m. till half
past seven, unless otherwise ordered. But the
House has ordered that to be suspended until
otherwise ordered, and it is not now in oper-
ation.
Mr. FINCK. I rise to another privileged
motion. I move that when the House adjourns
it adjourn till Thursday next.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. CHANLER. On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Wilson,
of Iowa, and Rogers were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-eight, more than onefifth of those
present.
-So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 26, nays 104, not voting
53; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Boyer, Brooks, Charter,
Eldridge, I'mck, (ilossbrenner. Goodyear, Grider,
Aaron Harding, James M. Humphrey, Kerr, Mar-
shall, McCulloch, Niblack, Nicholson, Nocll, Rad-
ford, Samuel J. Randall, Ritter. Rogers. Shanklin,
Sitgreaves, Taylor, Trimble, and Wright—26.
NAYS—-Messrs. Allison, James M. Ashley, Baker,
Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bergen,
Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell. Brandegee,
Biomwell, Broomall, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb,Cook, Darling, Dawes, Dawson, Doming,
Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston, Khot. Farquhar, Ferry,
Garfield Hale, Abner C. Hardin?, Hart, Hayes, Hen-
derson, Higby, Holmes, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hub-
baid, Chester D. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Hul-
burd. Jenekes, Julian, Kelley, Kelso, Keteham, Kuy-
kendall, Jjaflin, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Loan, Longyear, L.\noh, Marston, Marvin, Mc-
Clurg, Mclvee, MeRuer, Mercur, Moorhead, Morrill,
Morris, Moulton, Newell, O'Neill, Orth. Paine, Pat-
terson, Plants, Pomeroy, Price, William II. Randall,
John H. Rice, Rollins, Ross, Rousseau, Sawyer,
Voorhees, Ward, Elihu B. Waslibnrne, William B.
Washburn, Wentworth, V. haley, W' illiams, James r.
Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and W ood-
bridge—101. , ,
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Allev. Ames, Anderson,
Delos R. Ashley, Barker, Blow Buckland, Bundy,
Coflroth. Conkling, Cullom. Culvei. Davis, Delrees,
Delano. Denison, Dixon, Donnelly, .Dumont, farns-
worth, Grinuell, Griswold. Harris, Hill, Hogan, Hoo-
per. Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James It.
Hubbell. James Humphrey, Ingersoll, Johnson,
Jones, Kasson, Latham. Le Blond. Melndoe Miller,
Myers, Perham, Phelps, Pike, Raymond, Alexan-
der H. Kiec. Scofield, Sloan Stiiwell, Strouse,
Thayer Robert T. A"an Horn, Warner, W eU\Ct\ ana
Win'field—53.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. SMITH. I'move that the'gentlem&i*
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Johnson] be excused
from voting for therest of the session. .
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain that motion.
Mr. SMITH. Why?
The SPEAKER. Because it would be too
extensive.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is aa appeal from that
decision in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
The question recurred on the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SPALDING'demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Deming
and Brooks were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes twenty-nine, more than one fifth of those
present.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved that there be a call
of the House, and demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. SPALDING demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
-The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHANLER. I move to be excused from-
voting on the pending question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SPALDING demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wash-
bukne of Illinois, and Boyer were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-six, more that one fifth of those
present.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Johnson] has stated that he was
paired with the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Alley,] and-yet he has voted on ordering
the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. That is a question the gen-
tleman must decide for himself. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania has ihc legal right to
vote even if he is paired; but the Chair will"
state that when he votes on the yeas and nays
his vote offsets four who differ from him.
Mr. JOHNSON. My pair did not extend
to this question. I will explain, if allowed.
Objection was made.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to be excused from
voting on this question.
The SPEAKER. For the last twelve years
the decisions have been uniform with that of
Speaker Linn Boyd, in the celebrated Nebraska
bill contest, that a motion cannot be entertained
to excuse a member on a motion to excuse.
The question was taken on the motion to
excuse the gentleman from New York,"[Mr.
Chanler ;] and it was decided in the negative
—yeas 10, nays 110, not voting 03; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Boyer, Kerr. McCullough,
Niblack, Nicholson, Radl'ord, Rogers, Sitgreaves, and
Wright-10.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, James M. Ash-
ley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Beaman, Ben-
iamin, Bergen, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Boutwoll,
Brandegee, Brooks, Broomall, Buckland, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Dawson, Delano, Deming,
Ecklcy, Eggleston, Eldridge, Eliot, Farquhar, Ferry,
Finek, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grider, Griswold,
Hale, Aaron Harding, AbnerC. Harding, Hayes, Hen-
derson, Higby, Hogan, Holmes, Hooper, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard,
James R.Hubbijll,Hulburd, Ingersoll. Julian, Kelso,
Ketcham, Kuykendall, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawiencc, Loan, Lynch, Marshall, Marston, Marvin,
McClurg, Melndoe, McKee, MeRuer, Mercur, Moor-
head, Morrill, Morris. Moulton, Myers, Newcll, Nocll,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Plants, Pomeroy, Price,
Samuel J. Randall, Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rice,
Ritter, Rollins.Ross, Rousseau, Sawyer, Smith, Spald-
ing, Starr, Stevens, Taber, Taylor, Francis Thomas,
John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Trowbridgo,
Van Aemara, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, William B, Washburn, Welker, Wentworth,
Whaley, Williams, James E. Wilson, and Stephen F,
^NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Delos It, Ash-
ley Barker, Blow, Bromwell, Bundy, Chanler, Reader
W.' Clarke, Uoffrotb, Cook, Cullom, Culver, Darling,
Davis, Dawes, Defrees, Denison, Ihxon, Donnelly,
Driggs, Dumont, Farnsworth, Garfield,, Grinnell,Har-
ris, Hart,Hill, Hoichkiss, DemasHubbard, Edwm N.
Hubbell, James Humphrey, James M., Humphrey,
Jenekes, Johnson, Jones,Kasson, Kelley, Laiim, La-
