1866.
THE C0NGR1SSIQME* GLOBS
Mr. VOORHEES. I have been here in this
Hall long enough to learn that there is no amuse-
ment or profit in remaining here all night. I
certainly do hot wish to do .so. and I presume
no one else does. There is nothing ever ac-
complished by it, except to gratify the passions
and inflame the asperities of men who beeome
excited over their favorite propositions. In
this case a very important resolution has been
introduced into the House by the distinguished
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
1 have read it simply by going to the Clerk's
desk and there examining it. It involves great
and fundamental principles.
The proposition I have to make is simply this,
and I do not make it captiously or for any par-
tisan purpose. My proposition is that this eon-
current resolution be printed and laid upon our
desks by to-morrow, and that this side of the
House be then allowed one hour to speak upon
it if we desire to do so, and the other side take
the same time if they desire, and then we will
take the voce.
Mr. SPALDING-. I object to that.
Mr. VOORHEES. I do not think it is an
unreasonable proposition.
Mr. SPALDING. I object to any further
remarks. We should have had that proposition
two hours ago.
The question recurred upon the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Uponthatquestionl call
the yeas and nays.
Mr. SPALDING. I call for tellers on or-
dering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Good-
year and Taylor were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes twenty-eight, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELD KID GE. It is proposed on this side
of the House 
[Cries of " Order i" " Order!"]
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in tlie negative—yeas 25, nays 104,
nor voting 54 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Bergen, Boyer, Eldridge, Fiuck,
Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grider, Hale, James M.
Humphrey, Latham, Marshall, Newell, i\iblack,
Nicholson, Radford, Rogers, Rousseau, Shanklin, Sit-
gi-paves.Tuber,Taylor, Thornton, Trimble,Voorhees,
and Wright—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, James M. Ashley, Baker,
Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Bingham, Blaine, Bout-
well. Brandcgcc, Brooks, Broomall, Chanler, Cobb,
Conkline.Cook.Cullom,Culver. Darling-, Dawes, Daw-
son, Detrees, Dcming, Domicily, Driggs. Egglestou,
Eliot, Farnsworili, Garfield, Giinnell, Gristvokl, Ao-
Jntiart, Kelley. Kelso,Kerr.Kotchnm, Lafim, Geoige
V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loncrycar, Lynch,
Mclndoe, McKce, Mercur, Moorlicad,Moriill, Mor-
ris, Moulton, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, PainePcrham.
Pike. Pomeroy. Price,William II. Itandall, Alexander
H.Riec, JolmH.Riee, Hitler, Boss, Sawyer, Schcnck,
Scoficld.Shellabarger, Sloan, Spalding. Starr, Stevens,
FrancisThoinai,.TolmL. Thomas, Trowbridge, U pson,
Van Aernam, Burt Van Hoi n, Ward, \\arner, Llilr.i L.
Wash bin ne, William B. YV ashburn, Wdker,. «ent-
woith, Williams James F.Wilson, Stephen 1'. Wilson.
Windom, and Woodbridge—101.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Ancona, An-
derson. Delos It. Ashley, Barker, Baxter, Boniamin,
Bidwcll, Blow, Bromwell, Buekland, hunuy, ltesaer
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Coffrotj, Davis, Delano,
Denton, I)ixon, jhumonfc, Eeklcy. larquaar. rcii j,
Aaron Hardin?, Harris, Ilill, Edwm Is. Huobell.
James Humphrey. Johnson. J ones, Kasson, lvu;, ken-
dall, LeBlond. L<> n, Marston, Marvin. McUura, Me-
Cullough, McRner, Miller Noell, Patterson, Pne'ps,
Plant1-, Samuel J. Randall. RuymoiuL Koines.
Stilwell, Srroui-c. Tliayer, Robert i. \ an Horn. W iia-
ley, and Wiuficld—54.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. CHANLER. Is it in order to move
that when the House adjourns to-day it be to
meet on Thursday next?
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
order. . ,
Mr. CHANLER. Then I submit that mo-
tion ; and upon it I call the yeas and nays.
Mr. CONKLING. I demand tellers on
ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered: and Messrs. Coxklixg
and Bbiioen were appointed.
I he House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-nine, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ROGERS. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I want to ask the other side if they will
give us any time at all.
Mr. CONKLING. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. IIOGERS. I want to ask  
JXries of "Order!" "Order!"]
The question was then taken upon the motion
that when the House adjourns to-day it be to
meet on Thursday next; and it.was decidcd jn
the negative—yeas HO, nays 110, not voting 53;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brooks, Chanler, Eldridge, Firick,
Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grider, Kerr, Marshall, Nib-
lack, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Riiter, Rogers,
Rousseau, Shanklin, Sitgrcaves, Trimble, Voorhees,
and Wright—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, James M. Ash-
ley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Beaman, Ber-
gen, Bingham, Blame, Boutivell, Boyer, Brandcgec,
Broomall, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, {Jul-
lom, Darling, Dawes, Dawson,Defrees,Doming, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Ecklcy, Eliot, Farnsworth, Farquhar,
Ferry, Garlicld, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Abner C.
Harding, Hart, Hayes, Henderson, lligby, Hogan,
Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel w. Hubbiird,
Dcmas Hubbaid, John H. Hubbaid, Jaraes It. llub-
bell. Ingersoll, Jenekes, Kelley, Kelso, Ketcham, Laf-
lin. Latham, GeSrge V.Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Loan, Longyear, Lynch. Marston, Marvin, McClurg,
Mclndoe. Mereur, Moorlicad, Morrill, Morris, Moul-
ton, Myers, Nicholson. O'Neill, Orth, Paine. Pattef-
son, Peiliam, Pomeroy, Price, Alexander H. Rice,
John H.Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Sokenck, Scoficld,
Shellabarger, Sloan, Smith, Spalding. Starr, Stevens,
Tabcr, Thayer, Francis Thomas, Thornton, Trow-
piien F. Wilson, Windom, and \Voodbridgc—110.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Ancona, De-
los R. Ashley, Baxter, Benjamin, Bidwcll, Blow,
Bromwell, Buekland, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Cof-
froth. Culver, Davis, Delano. Denison, Dixon, Du-
mont, Eggleston, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hill, Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, Edwin N. Ilubbell, Iiulburd, James
Humphrey, James M. Humphrey. Johnson, Jones,
Julian, Ka-snn, Kuykendall, Le Blond, McCullougli,
MeKee, MeRuer, Miller, Newell, Noell, Phelps, Pike,
Plants, William H. Randall, Raymond, Ross, Stil-
well, Strouse, Taylor, John L. Thomas, Robert T.
Van Horn, Whalcy, and Wintlcd—53.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I now move that when
this House adjourns to-day, it be to meet on
Friday next; and on that motion I call the
yeas and nays.
Mr. CONKLING. I demand tellers on or-
dering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Taylor
and Price were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 2!t, noes S>2.
So, one filth voting in the affirmative, the yeas
and nays were ordered.
The .question was then taken ; and it was
decided iij, the negative—yeas 21, nays 102,
not voting GO ; as follows:
YE VS—Messrs. Brook1-, Elilrid;e,T?inek, 01 ossbixn-
ner, Grider, Aaron Harding, Hogau. James M. Hum-
pinev, Mais'aall, Newell, Nibli.ck. Radioid. bamuel
J. Randall, Riiter, Rogers, Shanklin, Siigroiivos,
Thornton, 'Limbic. Voorhees, and W n.vhi—1:1.
NAYS—Mcssrs._Allison, Baker, Baldwin,_Banks,
Dawes,'Dawson, Deming. Donnelly, Diigf.s. Eckley,
Eiiot. Farn^wortli, Farquhar, Ferry, Garlieh,. torn-
Innei'coll, Jenekes. Julian, Kelley. IveLo, Ketehom,
Latlin, Latham, Vi'iliiarn Lawrence, Loa.n, Longye
bnrne, William B. Washbuim. Welker. Weiitwoith,
Wbalev. Wiih.mis, James F. Wilson, \\ mdom, and
AVN0T vo'IING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Aneona, An-
derson. Delos It. Ashky, James'M. Ashley. L^or,
Iliow, Baeklaiivl, Bundy, Cannier, Reallei. W,. CbiU,
Cnllom. Culver, Darling, Davis, Defiees,
Phelp
Noell, Patterson
Morm
MoiTill,
Milici
So the motion was not agreed to,
The question recurred 011 the motion to Re-
consider the vote by which Mr. Johnson was
excused from voting on the motion to lay upon
the table. .
Mr. ELDBID,GrE moved that wlien.the House
adjourns to-night, it adjourn to meet on Thurs-
day next.
Mr. BIDWELL. I rise to a point of order.
We have already voted on that inotkm mfare
than half a dozen times. " " "; •, >-
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains tlie
gentleman so far as the fact is concerned; bat
the motion has been allowed to be repeated}
and for this reason: on Friday the House rhay-
refuse to adjourn over to Monday, and after1
ward, wanting to do so, the motion can be
renewed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think we now find jane
can adjourn over.
Mr. MORRIS; Has the morning hour ex-
pired? [Lailghter.3
The SPEAKER. It has not1 commenced.
Mr. KELLEY. I move that the gentleman
from Kentucky be permitted to print his per-
sonal explanation.
Mr. SMITH. I wish to say to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania 
Mr. SPALDING. I object to debate.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SPALDING demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. B&oomall
and Smith were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes thirty-one, more than one iifth ol' those
present.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 20, nays ,103, not voting
00; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brooks, Finck, Glossbronner, Good-
year, CI rider,-Hogon, Kerr,Marshall, Newell, Ni black,'
Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Ritter, Rogers, Shank-
lin, Sitgreaves, Thornton, Trimble, Voorhees, and
Wrieht-CO. „
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, JamesM. Ashley,
Banks,Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bergen, Bidwell,
Bingham, Blaine, Bout well, Bramlegco, Bromwell,
Broomall, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coffroth, Conkling,
Cook, Da,wes, Dawson, Defrees, Deming, Donnelly,
Eggleston, Eliot, Earquhar, bony, Garfield,Grinnell,
Griswold, Hale, Abner C. Harding, llait,Hayes, Hen-
derson, Higby. Holmes, Hotchltiss, Chester D. Hub-
bard, Doinas Hubbard, John H: Hubbard, Hulburd,
Jenekes, Julian, Kelley, Kelso, Ketebam, Lamp,
Gcoi gc V. Lawrcnee, William Lawrence, Loan, Lynch,
McClurg, Mclndoe, McKce, MeRuer, Morrill, Morns,
M>ers, Nicholson, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson,
Peiham, Plants, Pomeioy. William H.ltandall, Ray-
mond, John If. Rice, Ross, Rousseau. Saivyer.bchonck,
Scoficld,ShcHabarger, Sloan, Smith, Spalding. Starr,
Stevens. Tabcr, Thayer, John L.Thomas, Trowbridge,
Upson, Van Aornamfliurt Van Horn, Robert T Van
Horn. Ward, Eiihu B. Washburne, William L. Wash-
burn . Wclker, Wen twortli. Wh a ley, W illiams, Stephen
F. Wilson. Windom, and Woodbridgc—103. '
NOT VOTING—M.u*rr. Alley. Ames, Ancona, De-
los It. Ashley, B.tkcr, Baldwin, Barker, Blow, Boyer,
Bucldami, BitnellvOhflnJcr, Reader W. Clarke; Cut-
lom. Culver, Darling, Davis, Delano, Denison, Dixon,
Driggs.Dumoiit, Eeklcy,Eldridge, Famsworth, Aaron
Harding, Harris, Hill, Hooper; Asahcl W. Hubbard,
EcUvln N. Hubbell, James R. Hubbell, James Hum-
phrey, James M. Humphrey, lngcrsoll. Johnson,
Jones, Kaf son, Kuykendall, Latham, LeBlond.Long-
vear. Marston, Marvin, McCullough, Mercur, Miller,
Moorheod, Moulton,Noell, Phelps,Pike, Phce.-AIex-
ander II. Rice, Rollins, Stilwell, Strouse, Taylor,
FrancisThoinas, Warner, JamcsF. Wilson,and AVin-
field—CO.
So the motion was not, agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think this side of the
House are prepared to acknowledge sufficiently
tlieir weakness to satisfy the majority.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I object to
debate.
Mr. STEVENS. Let us hear what the gen-
tleman has to say.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope my
colleague will withdraw his objection.
Mr HARDING, of Illinois. I withdrawmy^
objection.
Mr. MelNDOE. I renew it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I appeal
to my friend to withdraw his objection. Let
I us hear what the gentleman from Wisconsin
l has to say. .
Mr MelNDOE. I insist on my objection.
Mr. ELDRIDGE l,at twenty-five^ minutes
1 after six o'clock p. m.) moved to adjourn.
