1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE,
therefore, proposes to authorize and require
the Secretary of the Navy to detail one steam
vessel from the squadron of the Pacific station,
or elsewhere, to assist in making surveys and
soundings in that part of the Pacific coast, both
A * _ _..J A • " 7 ■> .
cable, in transporting materials connected there-
with, and generally to afford such assistance as
may be best calculated to secure the success of
the enterprise, and to carry out the purposes
of the act approved July I, 1864, entitled "An
act to encourage and facilitate telegraphic com-
munication between the eastern and western
continents."
_ The first amendment was to strike out in lines
eight and nine of the resolution the words "in
transporting materials connected therewith."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was at the end of the
joint resolution to add:
So far as the same can be afforded without dismant-
ling her, ordestroymg her, or impairing her efficiency
as a vessel-of-war.
The amendment was agreed to. *
Mr. SHERMAN. .1 should like to inquire of
the Senator from Massachusetts what reason is
given by the Secretary of the Navy for not hav-
ing furnished a vessel before under the origi-
nal law. This simply makes imperative what
was formerly discretionary, as I understand.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator understands
that when that act was passed we were engaged
in suppressing the rebellion; our ships were
employed in a very extensive blockade, and
the Secretary of the Navy had not, as I under-
stand. a proper vessel which he was disposed to
send off on this distant service. There was a
hitch of some kind there; and the object of
this resolution is to get over that and to assure
the participation of the United States in this
very important enterprise. Already, I under-
stand, ships are assembled at San Francisco in
order to embark in the laying down of the cable.
Russian ships are there, and there are also
American ships ready to participate. It is-
desirable that the flag of the United States
should be in this work side by side with the flag
of Russia. However, I will not say anything
more about it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There was a vessel fur-
nished by the Treasury Department at the time.
The Navy Departmeiithadno vessel, to be sure,
that it could furnish, and an application was
made for the use of one of the revenue boats,
and an arrangement was made between the
Treasury and Navy Departments by which a
revenue boat was furnished for this purpose and
put into the possession of the persons mana-
ging this expedition, and the Navy Department,
on its pari, performed some duties on the coast
of California in relation to the revenue. Per-
haps the Senator from California can tell more
about it than I can. I know, however, having
been Secretary of the Treasury at the time, that
that arrangement was made and went into ex-
ecution. and a vessel was furnished under the
act, and has been in the service of this company
for the purposes named in the original act, and
used by them. Now, this resolution must be
something further than merely to make up a
defect that occurred at that time, and I should
like to be furnished with information on that
subject before acting upon a resolution of this
description.
Mr. CONNESS. The honorable Senator
from Maine is right in saying that some ser-
vice was performed in behalf of this company
by the Government under the arrangement to
which he refers, but it was of rather a tempo-
rary or preliminary character.
It will be remembered that a discretion was
given by the original law passed in 1804 to
the Secretary of the Navy to furnish a ship,
but, as stated by the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, our national ships were then
fully engaged, and the Pacific squadron at that
time was so reduced that no vessel of any con-
siderable proportions could be spared. The
brig Fauntleroy. an old vessel connected with
the coast survey, was at first set apart by the
Navy_ Department for that service; but con-
sidering the latitude in which the services were
required to be performed, and the condition of
that vessel, it was concluded that she was en-
tirely unfitted to perform any service whatever.
Then the Navy Department and the Treasury-
Department made an arrangement by which
the small revenue cutter Shubrick was trans-
ferred to this compiny for the purpose of a pre-
liminary survey of a part of the route; and in
the mean" time naval ships in the port of San
Francisco were transferred temporarily to the
revenue department of the Treasury for rev-
enue service. But the Shubriekis a steam rev-
enue cutter of the smallest class ; the service
that she performed was of a very temporary and
preliminary character, as I have said. It is
now asked by this company, and I think with
great propriety, that a national vessel shall be
furnished, -in accordance with the discretion
originally conferred upon the Navy Depart-
ment. I will say herer for the information of
the Senator from Ohio, that the Secretary of
the Navy did not feel that the law was suffi-
ciently mandatory upon him to order one of the
leading ships of the Pacific squadron into this
service; and he seeks that this authority shall
be given and made mandatory upon him, so
that he will, in doing if, be performing his duty
under provisions of law rather than doing an
act discretionary with him which involves the
Government in some expenditure of public
moneys. He is not averse, and the Navy De-
partment never have been, to facilitating the
purposes of this company, but, on the contrary,
are in favor of doing it, and wish the authority
of Congress to engage in the performance of
this service.
Then the statement made by the honorable
Senator from Maine is correct, as I have stated,
in detail; and it is now further necessary that a
ship of the Government shall be placed along
side of a vessel-of-war furnished by the Russian
Government, as stated by the Senator from
Massachusetts, to engage in the completion of
the surveys. The company have so advanced
and progressed with all their movements as to
make this the opportune time for seeking this
additional aid from the Government; and under
the restriction proposed in the joint resolution,
I think it should be given, and hope that the
resolution will pass as amended.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My recollection of the
original act—I may be wrong about it, but I
should like to have it read—is that a vessel
was to be furnished for taking out certain ma-
terials to be used by this company. That was
all the duty which was imposed upon the Navy
Department to furnish a vessel for the purpose
of doing certain things. They had no vessel;
and tlien, by this arrangement, a vessel was
furnished by the Treasury Department to do all
that the original act provided should be done
by the Navy Department. I understood that
the vessel was sufficient and satisfactory to the
company. If that be so, this resolution pro-
poses something more. I think it would be
well for the Senate to hear the original act
read, and then see whether this does not go
further. I do not say that I have any objec-
tion to this, but I really think that instead
of being a joint resolution to carry out the ori-
ginal act, it is a joint resolution to do some-
thing more than was intended to be done by
the Government under the terms of the original
law. If the Senator from California has the
original law with him I should like to have it
read that we may see what it is.
Mr. ANTHONY. Is there any appropriation
in this resolution?
Mr. CONNESS. There is not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It takes money from
the Navy Department, of course, for the vessel.
Mr. ANTHONY. • The last bill authorized
but did not instruct the Secretary of the Navy
to furnish a vessel, but it provided no money.
He found that it would cost some two or three
hundred thousand dollars. He did not wish
to incur that expense and have it charged to the
general cost of the Navy without the direct
approval of Congress.
Mr. SUMNER. I have here the act of 1864.,
It is entitled ° An act to encourage and facilitate*
telegraphic communication between the east'-',
ern and western continents," in five sections,.
The first section is, that Perry McDonough Col-
lins and his associates and assignees may con-
struct lines of telegraph through the Territpriess.
of the United States to the boundaries of British.
America, &c. The second'sectionis as follows:
"And be it further enacled, That in order to encour-.
age and aid the construction of said line of tele-*
graph beyond the limits of the United States, to©
Secretary of tbe Navy is authorized to detail for the
use of the surveys and soundings- along that .portion,
of the Pacifio coast, both of America and Asia, wfrer„©Y
it is proposed to establish said telegraph', one steam
or sailing vessel.in his discretion, to assist in surveys,
and soundings,laying down submerged cable, and in
transporting materialsconnected therewith, and gen-!
erally afford such assistance as may be'deemed best-
calculated to secure a successful promotion of thev
enterprise."
This act bears date July 1, 1864. I under-
stand that in point of fact the Russian Govern-
ment have sent one of their own vessels in order
to meet the vessel assigned under this act and,
cooperate with it.
Mr. CONNESS. With the permission of the
Senator, I will state that I hold in my hand a
copy of the official letter of the Russian Minis-
ter of Marine giving the Russian vessel, and I
send it to the desk to be read if there be no
objection.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that is read, let me-
finish what I was going to say. I understand
that the Russian Government, becoming aware -
of this statute, have sent a ship to cooperate in
this great work, but on arriving at San Fran-
cisco there is no American ship to cooperate
with them; they are alone, though they have
come into this enterprise on the invitation of
this act of Congress. Now, the resolution before
the Senate is to require the Secretary of the
Navy to send one of our national ships there to
meet this Russian ship, which is already at its
post of duty, where it has gone, as the Russian
Government supposed, in pursuance of this act
of Congress. It seems to me that in a certain '
sense—I do not like to use too strong an expres-
sion, but I was going to say the faith of our Gov-
ernment or its honor is pledged to see that we
have a national ship to meet the Russian ship
which has come there practically on our invi-
tation.
Mr. CONNESS. Now let the letter be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
St. Petersburg, Novm-nhcr 27, 1865.
To Major P. McD. Collins :
My Rear Sir: The request of the American Union
Telegraph Company, soliciting as. a new grant the
cooperation of ono of the vessels of the imperial navy
in the surveys to bo done along the Russian territories,
addressed to his imperial Hishness the Grand Duke
Constantine, was forwarded tor my approval, anclde-
siring to assist your company by all the means in my
pow-er, I gave my immediate consent.
I have now the pleasure to mfornj you that his
imperial Majesty the Emperor, has been graciously
pleased to give the order appointing one of the ships
now on the Pacific station, t,h  screw corvette Variag,
to assist your company in the works for the construc-
tion of the telegraph lino that is to unite Amcriea with
This°particular favor is a new proof of the interest
the imperial Government takes in the construction of
this important telegraph line, andof the desire to fa-
cilitate as much as possible this great undertaking, in
order to assist in carrying it to a speedy conclusion.
Wishing very naturally to know as much as possible
about the proceedings of the works, I profit of this
occasion to repeat my request of sending me all the
details and intelligence concerning this interesting
^Believe me, yours truly, I. TOLSTOY.
Ministke of Imperial Posts and Teleqkafhs.
The screw corvette Variag is two thousand
one hundred and fifty-six tons burden, three
hundred-and-sixty-horse-power engines, seven-
teen guns, and three hundred and six men.
Mr. GRIMES. I think there is no very valid
objection to this resolution as amended by the
Committee on Foreign Relations and reported
by them to the Senate. If it shall be enacted
into a law, Congress will substantially agree to
do on the part of the United States what the
Russian Government has agreed to do. It will
be observed by the letter which has just been
read, that the telegraph company applied to the
Russian Government for a vessel-of-war to as-
