1800.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
•959
this country, how many people in all countries,
what the hazard may be in suddenly coming to
a determination of this kind. I appeal to my
Iriend irom JVLame. I think he certainly would
not desire a resolution of this kind to pass with-
out at least that deliberation which becomes
wise and prudent and careful men invested here
with a high and solemn trust. I think no man
will desire that this resolution bepassed through
this body suddenly, in haste, in heat, or with-
out that careful consideration which the mag-
nitude of the subject deserves; and I would
therefore beg that it may go over for this time,
and let us read it, think of it, consider it.
Mr. FESSENDEN.. One would imagine,
Mr. President, that the importance of this ques-
tion, and attachment to the Union, and the
proper consideration of all matters, relating
thereto, were exclusively confined to the breast
of the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania,
from the solemnity of his tone and the manner
in which he addresses the Senate on that sub-
ject. One would naturally presume that the
great majority of the Senate, composing, as it
was supposed a day or two ago, something over
two thirds of the body, had really a little attach-
ment to the Union of the States, and a little
power of considering what was best forthe Uni-
ted States of America in the premises, and a
reasonable degree of patriotism which should
lead them to consider all these questions with
care and with all that deliberation which be-
longs to them. Sir, we do not need the warn-
ing of the honorable SenatoT from Pennsyl-
vania. 1 do not need it for myself, and I am
not very much disposed to regard it.
The question which is submitted in the res-
olution that comes from the House is a very
simple one. It is a question whether Congress
has any power in relation to the great questions
of reconstruction and the restoration of the
Union to its former condition ; whether it has
any power except simply to judge whether a
man who presents himself here with credentials
from any portion of the country comes in due
form, or whether the Congress of the United
States, Senators elected by the States and Rep-
resentatives elected by the people of the States,
have or have not something to do with the or-
ganization of this Government in its former
shape; whether they are anything more than
mere tools and instruments to look at papers
and decide whether they arc in due form, or
whether they have a right to bring their delib-
erate judgment to the consideration of the great
questions before the American people.
Now, sir, all these questions should be con-
sidered deliberately, with conscientiousness,
and with all the care that is necessary in
order to understand them and to decide them
well. I agree perfectly with the gentleman that
all the time necessary for that purpose should
be given. The rules of this body are such that
all that time must necessarily be given. Every
member of this body may speak ad libitum, in
season and out of season, in breath and out of
breath, in ideas or out of ideas, as we have
sometimes witnessed speeches in this body to
be. The rules allow all that. We cannot, con-
trol the rules, and it has never happened iu my
day that a question of importance could pass
or "did pass from the consideration of the Sen-
ate until it had been thoroughly and ably and
well discussed.
Now, sir, that was, if the honorable Senator
will allow mo to say so, all pretense. He has
no fears of this resolution being_ passed with-
out due consideration. The question is as to the
time of bringing it before the body—the time
we shall proceed to its consideration. That is
all, and in my judgment—I speak only for my-
self, and the Senate will overrule me if it comcs
to a different conclusion—there is no time so
proper as now to take up precisely that ques-
tion, and ascertain before we go any further
in the consideration of these great questions
whether or not we have any power over the
subject at all. We have done hardly anything
from the beginning of this session but to debate
this very qnotiou one way and another. Gen-
tlemen of all shades of opinion have debated
it, some contending that the States that once
called themselves the confederate States were
not States in the Union; others contending
that they were States for some purposes and
not_ for others, and each one having his" own
notion. We have had acres of discussion, if I
may be allowed to use that expression, though
it is not very appropriate, upon those very
questions, and it is hardly to be supposed that
there is a gentleman here who has not his opin-
ions upon them. I have mii^g: I have not
taken occasion to express them ; I may. If I
should have strength enough to do it, I will.
But, sir, what 1 wish now, and what I insist
upon, is that at the very earliest moment the
Senate proceed to the consideration of this
question, which lies at the foundation of all
others. If we have the right to consider and
discuss this question, if wo have the right to do
anything besides looking at credentials that
come here to the Senate and to the House of
Representatives and to see whether they are
in due form, it is time that we should know it.
If we have not that right it is time we should
abandon all pretense of it and proceed to be
the mere nobodies (when the great interests
of this country are concerned) that we might
be made, and that we shall be made unless
we assert our own proper rights and our own
proper dignity as the Congress of the nation,
to look at these great questions arising at this
time and pressing upon us as they are, as men
who have something to do with the preser-
vation of the character and the institutions of
the country. That, sir, is the reason why I am
unwilling to proceed with any other question
until this is well considered.
I do not know what the rules of the Senate
may be. If they require that the resolution
shall go over for one day, let us take it up and
then lot it go over. But I wish to know of
this Senate whether we are or are not to pro-
ceed at the earliest possible moment to set-
tle this question that lies at the foundation of
all others which we are now considering, and
which arc of so much importance to the coun-
try; and whether we are not to do it, and
to ascertain what our powers are by our own
decision, before we proceed to the considera-
tion of others. When the proper time comes,
I may have something to say upon the main
subject.
Mr. DIXON. I renew the question of order
which I raised, and I beg leave to read to the
Chair and the Senate part of the 26th rule,
which provides :
"And all other resolutions shall He on tho tablo
one day for consideration, and also reports of com-
mitteos."
Now, sir, I submit whether this resolution is
not precisely in the condition of a resolution
originally offered in this body, which cannot even
be considered the first day on which it is offered
without unanimous consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks it is so, but it is not yet offered. After
the vote of the Senate, if the vote of the Senate
shall be to proceed to its consideration, it will
be precisely in tho condition of a resolution
offered in the Senate, and not till then.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, in any re-
marks that I made upon this question I hope
that I was respectful. I hope, too, that I was
earnest. I know no reason why I should not
be; I know no reason, either, why the honorable
Senator from Maine should be so exceedingly
sharp about it. If he does not see fit to take
my warnings, as he is pleased to call them,
and if he does not see fit to carc anything about
mo or what I say here, perhaps it would be
decorous to conceal that in the Senate. I sup-
pose that I have quite as much interest in the
maintenance of the Union, and in the peace
and prosperity of the country as the honorable
Senator from Maine has. I do not know why
I should be supposed to know as much about
this question as he does, and to be as ready to
take it up as he is. I have not the honor to bo
a member of the committee of fifteen who have
charge of the condition of this Union, who carry
about at their girdles the keys of the Union, at
whose nod sovereign States, as I said before,
wait to be admitted into the Union. But, sir,
I still have sorae interest. I represent a State
and a people in the Union. Whether I do it
well or ill, it is for that^people to determine
when the time comes. Whether I_do it hon-
estly and fairly, or whether I do it with sinister
motives and sinister purposes, it is not for the
Senator from Maine to decide, but it is for the
Eeople whose representative I am upon this
oor.
I agree with him, and he agrees with me,
that this is a great question, the overshadow-
ing of all questions. What did I ask, sir? Any-
thing improper? Anything out of the way?" I
asked that the question may be postponed until
4at least we have time and opportunity to see
the resolution in print, to see the length and
breadth of the proposition contained in it. I
think there is nothing so extraordinary in all
that as that I should be subject to the denun-
ciation (for it amounts to denunciation) of the
honorable Senator from Maine. Sir, I am
not to be affected by those denunciations in the
slightest degree; not to be moved to the right
or to the left by a hair's breadth, come from
what quarter they may. When I think a great
question is presented here, one involving not
only the interests of the people of my State,
but the people of all tho States, and 1 may say
the people the world over, what I think about
it and what I have to say about it I will say, no
matter what the consequences may be.
Now, we have been considering another prop-,
osition from this same committee, day after day,
which I understood was to be a fundamental
proposition, which was to settle and determine
all these questions, which was to avenge the
dead, which was to consolc the living, and which
was to restore tho country again to that peace
and prosperity which it enjoyed before. Shall
we continue that discussion for a day or two
longer, or must this new bantling that comes
from this committee of fifteen be thrust in upon
us suddenly and rushed through the Senate aa
it has been rushed through elsewhere? I hope
not. I think it is not consistent with the dignity
of this body. I think it is -not consistent with
the notions of this body entertained by the
Senator from Maine that it should be pushed
upon us in a hurried manner, or that it should
be hurried through. I hope it will not be. I
hope he himself will not insist upon it. If he
means nothing more than that this resolution
shall be taken up and that it shall then go over,
ecrtainly I have no disposition to resist that
upon his part; but that is not the way I have,
understood it.
Mr. S AULSBURY. I rise to a point of order
at this period of time. I am not much ac-
quainted with the rules of order, but I believe
that the subject-matter of this resolution should
be placed in the form of a joint resolution, and
not of a concurrent resolution, if there be a
distinction between them, and under a provision
of the Constitution—
"Every order, resolution, or voto, to which the con-
currence of the Senate and House of Represent atives
may be necessary (except on a question of adjourn-
ment) shall bo presented to tho President of tho Um-
tedStates; and beforethesamcshall takoeffect,shall
bo approved by him, or being disapproved by him,
shall bo repassed by two thirds of tho Scnato and
Hou=e of Representatives, according to thorulcs and.
limitations prescribed in tho ease of a bill."
Now, sir, although this resolution is in the
form—<! Resolved by the House of Represent-
atives, the Senate concurring"—of a concur-
rent resolution, when the subject-matter of the
resolution is inspected, when we hear it read,
we see that it is such as can only be enacted
either by a bill or joint resolution. I there-
fore raise an objection to its reception as a
concurrent resolution, on the ground that tho
subject-matter of which it treats being the sub-
ject-matter of a joint resolution and not of a
concurrent resolution, it cannot bo received in
this shape, and must be put in the form of a
joint resolution.
The Pl? ES1DENT pro tempore. The Chair
has no difficulty in overruling the point of order.
If, after the resolution is brought before the
body, rthioh it is not yet, by a vote of the Sen-
