1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ing the connection which exists between the
inequality already described and the question
of «o:ithern representation in Congress, it will
be instructive and useful to illustrate eastern
influence in the Government (resulting from
her senatorial representation) by some perti-
nent examples.
That inllucnce is shown in the selection of
Presiding Officers of the Senate. For four years
'rorn the 4th of March, 1861, an eastern Vice
President occupied the chair at the opening of
sessions and occasionally afterward, with the
power of the casting vote. He was chosen by
the people. Bat the officer who usually pre-
sides over our deliberations—the President pro
tempore—is selected by the Senate itself, and,
in selecting him, the power of the East is man-
ifested. AH our Presiding Officers recently have
been from that quarter ; in the Thirty-Seventh
Congress the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Foot:] in the Thirty-Eighth Congress the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark;] and
in the present Congress, the Senator from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Foster. ] In brief, the East has
held the chair of the Senate during the whole
war, and holds it now. Her grasp upon it has
not been released for a moment, and still con-
tinues.
In caucuses or consultations of the majority,
where very often the course of action in open
session is determined: where the laws of party
discipline are applied to crush out dissent and
to overrule individual judgment, it is most evi-
dent that the twelve voices from" the East must
be very potential. But upon this point I must
speak with some prudent reserve. The mas-
teries of the caucus-room are shut off from
direct observation: and my curiosity is circum-
scribed by the limits of the possible. As I
cannot know what occurs in those secret con-
sultations T shallnot speculate much upon them,
and shall limit nr^remarks on this point to the
general inference concerning eastern influence
■which naturally arises.
I pass to another point which is not obscure,
the facts of which are open and known, or may
be knov.-n. to all. T mean the constitution of
committees, and particularly the selection of
their chairmen. The Congressional Directory,
just published, shows twenty-three standing
committees of the Senate, and three joint ones
established in connection with the House.
Among them the following have eastern chair-
men: Foreign Relations, Mr. Sumner, of Mas-
sachusetts: Finance, Mr! Fessenden. of Maine:
'Manufactures. Mr. Sprague, of Rhode Island;
Militarv Affairs and Militia, Mr. Wilson, of
Massachusetts; Post Offices and Post Roads,
Mr. Dixon, of Connecticut; Claims. Mr. Clark,
of New Hampshire; District of Columbia, Mr.
Morrill, of Maine: Public Buildings and
Grounds, Mr. Foot, of Vermont.
These are all standing committees. Of the
three joint committees, that ou Printing has for
its chairman Mi". Anthony, of Rhode Island.
The general result is, thatwlme the population
of the East. is less than one seventh of the popu-
lation of the States represented in the Senate,
she has the chairmanships of one third of the
committees, including the leading ones. The
case was still stronger in the last Congress.
1 observed, at one time, that of the twenty-
eiiht joinL standing, and select committees
then oV"ani".ed. fourteen, or one half the whole
number! had Xexv England chairmen At Ac
same time the great Slate of New York nad
none, and niv own State a single one—that on
Patents. Let us contemplate the figures which
apply lor moment:
Population of o.i^lern HtatfP 
Vop u 1;111 <m of Penn;1 varua 
Population e\v "\orlc 
The Fast, with her three million, had the con-
trol of fourteen committees out of the twenty-
eight, New York none, and Pennsylvania the
Committee on Patents. _ Well, sir, TScw lorfc
has since been promoted in the senatorial scale.
One of hot Senators at the present session has
been a«i"ned to the head of the Committee on
Private Laud Claims. I am not sure that that
committee over meets, but it is displayed in
 3.133,283
 2.P0S.215
 S,S80,ToO
the list of committees in eleganttype, doubtless
very much to the satisfaction of the good peo-
ple of the Empire State, who are thus honored
through their representative.
As to the Committee on Patents, I loolc upon
it with special affection. I have a faint recol-
lection that some bill was reported from it at a
former session; but my particular interest in it
arises from the fact that it was assigned to my
State as her particular post of honor during the
war. Massachusetts took charge of Foreign
Relations, Military Affairs, and Slavery and
the Treatment of Freedmen. Post Offices and
Post Roads and Public Buildings were in charge
of Vermont; Connecticut attended to Pensions
and matters in this District; New Hampshire
had charge of the Navy and Claims; Maine
looked after the Finances, while little Rhode
Island burdened herself with the subject of
Manufactures and the subject of Public Print-
ing. Thus there was an engrossment by those
States of the leadership of most of the commit-
tees which commanded effective power, pa-
tronage, and influence. But it is refreshing
for a man from my own State to reflect that
she was not altogether overlooked. Her modest
claims received due recognition, and the posi-
tion then assigned her she yet retains. Sir,
whenever the SenatorfromMassachusetts, [Mr.
Wilson.] chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, shall marshal the
Senate committees in military array as a homo
guard, in defense of the Capitol, each with its
appropriate organization, there, in the midst ot
that.patriotic throng, will be seen the stalwart
form of my colleague bearing aloft in proud de-
fiance the banner of the Committee on Patents!
Mr. President, the chairmanship of a commit-
tee is a position of much influence and power.
The several distinguished gentlemen holding
that position have virtual control over the trans-
action of business, both in committee and in the
Senate. Each one has also control of a com-
mittee-room, and the services of a competent
clerk, not only for public business but for con-
ducting private correspondence, and for the
various other labors imposed upon a Senator
by his station.
I will say here, in view of complaints made
in the country, that I consider the employment
as clerk of a son or other relative by a chairman
aswhollyunobjectionable. Therelationofclerk
and chairman is both confidential and intimate,
and hence such clerkship is quite unlike any
other office which may be filled by senatorial
influence. A President, of the United States
may very properly employ his son as private
secretary, and it has been the practice from the
foundation of our Government for our minis-
ters sent abroad, among whom have been the
most distinguished and able men of the coun-
try, to take their sons with them as secretaries
of lesation. ,
The newspaper criticisms which have been
directed against the employment of young
"entlemen as clerks of committees who are
related by ties of family or blood to chairmen
arc wholly misapplied. "Nepotism, the appoint-
ment of relations to office, or the obtaining
their appointment by the use of one s official
influence, is justly odious, and should always be
denounced as of"evil example and corruptive
tendency. But an appointment to private and
confidential service or to duties which involve
such service is not within the general objec-
tion. and is justified by the opinions and prac-
tice of the best of men.
Mr. President, the burden of correspond-
ence and of other business, independent of
ordinary legislative duties, thrown upon uciti-
bers from populous States is very great, lbeir
i time is consumed and their exertions expended
upon various matters outside ot_ public busi-
ness transacted in the Senate.
Their time for
studv and proper legislative labor is thus cur-
tailed, and they are likely to be overtasked by
the multifarious duties which press upon them.
Now, it is evident that in the iasi Congress, by
tliu distribution of a doz'en clerks or more among
the twelve New England Senators they ob-
tained an amount of assistance which remoted
from them a great part of the labor they would
otherwise have borne, and enabled them to act
with more efficiency and influence in their high
office. But these advantages were not enjoyed
by a large part of the members from other
States to whom their allowance would have
been more reasonable.
I know it may be said that many of the old-
est members of the Senate, possessing fitness
for chairmanships, are from the East. The
same explanation was made in behalf of the
South in former years when she was charged
with engrossing too many positions of influence
here. But the explanation is insufficient in the
present case, as it was in the former, and be-
sides it does not meet the main point of my
argument, which is that the East is over-rep-
resented.
The over-representation of the East, and her
consequent undue power in this Senate, must
he taken into account by any one who would
correctly understand past or present action in
Congress and in the Government.
In the Thirty-Eighth Congress the Senate
consisted of forty-nine members, including one
from Virginia. By a resolution adopted by the
Senate a quorum of the body for the transac-
tion of business was declared to bo a majority
of the members from adhering States; in other
words, a majority of members elected and
admitted to seats.
Membership from insurgent Stateswas wholly
excluded from the computation. Twenty-five
members, therefore, constituted a quorum for
the transaction of business, and thirteen con-
stituted a majority of that quorum. In other
words, it was a possible case that a law should
be enacted by the twelve eastern votes with a
single vote added to theni from all the rest of
the Union. So nearly had the East approached
complete control in this body!
Nevada has since "been admitted into the
Union, and is represented here by two Sena-
tors. A quorum under the resolution just men-
tioned is therefore at present twenty-six. If
Colorado should be admitted as a State and
her Senators to seats here, the quorum would be
twenty-seven; but whether Colorado be admit-
ted or not, the number of votes required to con-
stitute a majority of the quorum under the
existing resolution would be barely fourteen,
requiring, to secure it, but two votes to be added
to the vote of the East; and yet the whole pop-
ulation of the Bast is loss than one seventh of
the population of the States represented here!
It would require much more time thtin is at
my command, and much more inclination for
the task than I possess, to describe the effect
upon the legislation of the country of the pre-
dominance of the East. But I will mention
two subjects which clearly illustrate it.
First, the fishing bounties, or donations of
money from the Treasury of the Cnited States
to men along our northeastern coast, engaged
in the fisheries of the ocean. This money is
bestowed under pretense of encouraging the
training and making of seamen; and the an-
nual expenditure for the purpose amounts to
three or four hundred thousand dollars, lhe
whole amount heretofore expended exceeds
twenty-five million dollars. This is the most
questionable of all our appropriations ot pub-
lic money, and it would long since have been
stopped—the laws authorizing it swept from
the statute-book—if the disbursement were
made in any other section of the country except
, the East. The enormous political power of
■ that section has maintained these bounties m
; existence, and was found sufficient to maintain
I them even during the severest financial piess-
1 ure of the war.
Take, next,, the third section of the supple-
mentary conscription act of July 4, 18G4, by
which the agents of States were authorized to
go into the southern country and procure on-
listments of men, white or black, to fill In on
quotas under the conscription laws. It was
material to the East to retain her laborers at
home to maintain her industrial interests and
eenerul prosDei'itv, notwithstanding the war.
Accompanying this measure was anotnor for
