
away about half a mile of trestle-work over a swamp, now impassable, on the north side of Purdy. While at work a train up the road. A rebel regiment of cavalry was encamped about 2 miles from the place of his labor, and must have known his object, as his guides lost him in the night and through a great part of his outward march in the day-time. Altogether, he deserves great credit for the energy, courage, and perseverance ha manifested.

General Cheatham is still at his camp, mentioned in my first dispatch of this date. Ten thousand I think a fair computation of his force. He has not yet intreched himself, nor can I ascertain whether that is his intention. As I will have to remain until morning, a reconnoitering party from Major Hayes' cavalry might well employ the time until noon. Shall I order it?

Very respectfully,

LEW. WALLACE,

General, Commanding Third Division.

Captain McMICHAEL.

No. 3. Reports of Major Charles S. Hayes, Fifth Ohio Cavalry.
HDQRS. THIRD BATTALION FIFTH OHIO CAVALRY, March 14, 1862.

SIR: Pursuant to orders received on the evening of the 12th instant I proceeded with my command at 2 o'clock yesterday morning, the 13th instant, and at 10 o'clock a.m. arrived at a point on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad between Bethel and Brown Station, and proceeded at once to destroy the bridge at that place crossing Beach Creek, it being of 50 feet span, with 50 feet of trestle-work on eigher bank, making 150 feet in all, which I so effectually crippled as to entirely preclude the passage of trains until the whole structure is taken down and rebuilt. I also tore up a small portion of the track on either side of the bridge and trestle, bent the rails, and threw them into the river, or creek. Farther down a small trestle was destroyed. While accomplishing this work a party of rebel horsemen, afterwards ascertained to be a portion of a body known as Robinson's Cavalry Company, came in sight, when, chase being given, two of them were captured, whom I now hold subject to orders. I also have their horses.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,CHAS. S. HAYES,

Commanding Third Battalion Fifht Ohio Cavalry.

Captain FRED. KNEFLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD BATTLION FIFTH OHIO CAVALRY,Steamer Ohio No. 2, March 14, 1862.

SIR: Pursuant to orders received this morning I proceeded with my command upon the road now traveled to and from Pittsburg to a creek over which the bridges crossing the same have been lately destroyed by the rebels. In consequence of fatigue of men and horses incident to

