
self in person on the field, will be much better able to notice those of his command who particularly distinguished themselves than I possibly can.

I feel it a duty, however, to a gallant and able officer, Brigadier General W. T. Sherman, to make a special mention. He not only was with his command during the entire two days' action, but displayed great judgment and skill in the management of his men. Although severely wounded in the hand the first day his place was never vacant. He was again wounded, and three horses killed under him.

In making this mention of a gallant officer no disparagement is intended to the other division commanders, Major Generals John A. McClernand and Lewis Wallace, and Brigadier Generals S. A. Hurlbut, B. M. Prentiss, and W. H. L. Wallace, all of whom maintained their places with credit to themselves and the cause.

General Prantiss was taken prisoner in the first day's action, and General W. H. L. Wallace severely, probably mortally, wounded. His assistant adjutant-general, Captain William McMichael, is missing; probably taken prisoner.

My personal staff are all deserving of particular mention, they having been engaged during the entire two days in conveying orders to every part of the field. It consists of Colonel J. D. Webster, chief of staff;Lieutenant Colonel J. B. McPherson, chief engineer,assisted by Lieutenants W. L. B. Jenney and William Kossak; Captain J. A. Rawlins, assistant adjutant-general; Captains W. S. Hillyer, W. R. Rowley, and C. B. Lagow, aides-de-camp; Colonel G. G. Pride, volunteer aide, and Captain J. P. Hawkins, chief commissary, who accompanied me upon the field.

The medical department, under the direction of Surgeon Hewitt, medical director, showed great energy in providing for the wounded and in getting them from the field regardless of danger.

Colonel Webster was placed in special charge of all the artillery and was constantly upon the field. He displayed, as always heretofore, both skill and bravery. At least in one instance he was the means of placing an entire regiment in a position of doing most valuable service, and where it would not have been but for his exertions.

Lieutenant-Colonel McPherson, attacked to my staff as chief engineer, deserves more than a passing notice for his activity and courage. All the grounds beyond our camps for miles have been reconnoitered by him, and plats carefully prepared under his supervision give accurate information of the nature of approaches to our lines. During the two days' battle he was constantly in the saddle, leading troops as they arrived to points where their services were required. During the engagement he had one horse shot under him.

The country will have to mourn the loss of many brave men who fell at the battle of Pittsburg, or Shiloh, more properly. The exact loss in killed and wounded will be known in a day or two. At present I can only give it approximately at 1,500 wounded.*

The loss of artillery was great, many pieces beige disabled by the enemy's shots and some losing all their horses and many men. There were probably not less than 200 horses killed.

The loss of the enemy in killed and left upon the field was greater than ours. In wounded the estimate cannot be made, as many of them must have been back to Corint and other points.

The enemy suffered terribly from demoralization and desertion.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 100.

---------------

