
were left on the field, the proportion of rebels to Union men being about three to one. Among the killed is General A. S. Johnston (said to be), who fell within 30 yards of my tent. Part of a battery belonging to the enemy was taken within 150 yards of my tent, and some 30 or 40 horses were killed within the same distance. The largely superior number of the enemy enabled him to flank me all day Sunday (the 6th), yet I retook my camp twice, and checked the enemy by repeatedly changing front and meeting him until night-fall, which, together with the arrival of Buell's forces, enabled us to attack the enemy in turn next day and drive him back with great slaughter.

It was a great mistake that we did not pursue him Monday night and Tuesday.

Breckinridge was in command of a portion of the troops attacking my column.

Van Dorn and Price re-enforced the enemy yesterday with 10,000 or 15,000 men. Fugitives from Island Numbers 10 will still further re-enforce him, and if Virginia should be abandoned and the rebel force there added to his strength here, we may have hotter and more dangerous work. A prisoners is reported to have said that the rebel chiefs here had said that this would be done if necessary to cover the cotton States.

Please send me without delay the two young men named.

Accept my thanks for the favor of my promotion, which I trust I will reward by acceptable service.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND.

His excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President United States.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, In Field, Shiloh, April 29, 1862.

Herewith I forward the report of Major General McClernan, of the First Division, which closes the reports of the Tennessee in the battle of Shiloh on the 6th and 7th instant.

The reports is faulty in two particulars: First, in giving the idea that General Prentiss was surprised and taken prisoner in the morning, whereas he was not taken until a late hour in the afternoon; and, second, in reporting too much of other divisions remote from the First,and from which reports are received conflicting somewhat with his statements.

U. S. GRANT,Major-General.

Captain A. C. KEMPER,

Asst. Adjt. General Department of the Mississippi.

[Inclosure.]

HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, Camp. near Pittsburg, Tenn., April 24, 1862.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the First Division of the advances of the United States in the battle of Shiloh, near Pittsburg Landing:

Early on the morning of Sunday, the 6th of April, hearing sharp firing at short intervals on my left and front, in the direction of Sher-

