
man, to the right, and McAllister's battery to the left, to command the approach across a field. While this disposition was being completed the enemy were rapidly advancing at all points, supported by several batteries. The action, both by infantry and artillery, became general all along the line, and the conflict was desperate. In the course of twenty minutes Schwartz's battery had silenced the enemy's battery in front, and to repel the enemy, whose left was still bearing back General Sherman's division on my right, Major Schwartz, chief of my staff, joined the Thirty-fourth and Forty-third Illinois, and boldly charged the enemy, receiving a severe wound in the leg, which caused him to be taken from the field. Our resistance, however, was overborne by superior numbers, which still continued to flank the right of my line.

All of Schwartz's battery except one caisson was brought off-a portion of it by hand.

Burrows' battery opened a brisk fire from its position at the center, but from the near approach of the enemy, and the deadly fire opened on it both by infantry and artillery, was soon lost, including 70 horses killed. The battery was recovered in a damaged condition next day. Captain Burrows and a number of his officers were wounded, and in the same part of the field, and about the same time, my orderly was severely wounded near me. The underbrush and trees bear abundant and impressive evidence of the sanguinary character of this engagement.

McAllister's battery opened from the corner of the field refereed to, and by a well-directed and effective fire kept the enemy from crossing it until his battery was nearly surrounded and his support forced back, when, after silencing a battery in the woods on the opposite side of the field, he withdrew three of his pieces along the Corinth road towards Pittsburg Landing. The fourth piece was left behind for want of horses to take it off, but was recovered next day. In this engagement Captain McAllister was four times slightly wounded, but kept the field. An acting sergeant and 7 men were severely wounded and a number killed.

During this bloody contest, which raged for some time with fluctuating success, Colonel Haynie, an officer of distinguished merit, and Lieutenant-Colonel Sanford, of the Forty-eighth; Lieutenant-Colonel Ransom and Major Nevins, of the Eleventh; Major Bartleson, of the Twentieth, and Major Bishop, of the Forty-ninth Illinois, were severely wounded. The Eighteenth was so hotly engaged that Major Eaton, Captain Brush, and Captain Dillon, who rapidly succeeded each other in command, as rapidly fell, the first two dangerously wounded and the last instantly killed.

Wholly unsupported on the left, and still outflanked on the right by increasing numbers, to save my command from being surrounded I ordered it to fall back about 200 yards and reform at a right angle with the center of my camp. The order was promptly and successfully executed, save by the Forty-third Illinois, which had failed to receive it. This gallant regiment still continued the conflict until it was surrounded, and cut its way through the enemy to the right rear of my third line.

Making another stand upon the ground indicated, Timony's battery joined in the action. The contest was continued for some time by infantry and artillery. Trees of considerable size were cut off or scathed by the round shot of opposing batteries, and considerable loss in killed and wounded was sustained on both sides, including four guns of Timony's battery, two of which were replaced by a capture

