
toward the right of the camps of my First Brigade. This done, I kept the enemy in check for some time fire of these batteries. Deterred from direct advance, he moved a considerable force by the right flank, with the evident intention my left. To defeat this purpose ordered my command to fall back in the direction of the landing, across a deep hollow, and to reform on the east side of another field in the skirts of a wood. This was my sixth line. Here we rested a half hour,continuing to supply our men with ammunition, until the enemy's cavalry were seen rapidly crossing the field to the charge. Waiting till they approached within some 30 paces of our line, I ordered a fire, which was delivered with great coolness and destructive effect. First halting, then wavering, they turner and fled in confusion, leaving behind a number of riders and horses dead on the field. The Twenty-ninth Illinois Infantry, inspired by the courageous example of their commanding officer, Lieutenant-Colonel Ferrell, bore the chief part in this engagement. Captain Millington, of Company I, and others of the same regiment, also distinguished themselves.

In the mean time, under cover of this demonstration, strengthened by large additions from other portions of the field yielded by our forces, the enemy continued his endeavors to turn the flanks of my line and to cut me off from the landing. To prevent this O ordered my left wing to fall back a short distance and from an obtuse angle with the center, opposing a double front to the enemy's approach. Thus disposed, my left held the enemy in check, while my whole line slowly fell back to my sixth position. Here I reformed the worn and famishing remnant of my division on favorable ground, along a north and south road, supported on my right by fragments of General Sherman's division, and on my left by the Fifteenth and Forty-sixth Illinois, under command of Colonel Veatch, acting brigadier. Hastily completing this disposition I ordered up McAllister's battery, which took position about the center of my line, supported by the Eighteenth Illinois, Captain Anderson, Company F, commanding. The seventh Illinois, being separated from the Second Division, was formed by the me as a reserve. The enemy reeved the contest by trying to shell us from our position. McAllister's battery replied with great spirit, first alone, and soon after in conjunction with another battery unknown to me. Attempting in vain so after to turn the flanks of my line and again its rear, the enemy now gave evidence of a change of tactics. Advancing in heavy columns, led by the Louisiana Zouaves,to break our center, we awaited his approach within sure range, and opened a terrific fire upon him. The head of the column was instantly mowed down; the remainder of it swayed to and from for a few seconds, and turned and fled. This second success of the last two engagements terminated a conflict of ten and a half hours' duration, from 6 o'clock a. m. to 4.30 o'clock p. m., and probably saved our army, transports, and all, from capture. Strange, however, at the very moment of the flight of the enemy the right of our line gave way, and immediately after, notwithstanding the indignant and heroic resistance of Colonel Veatch, the left, comprising the Fifteenth and Forty-sixth Illinois, was irresistibly swept back by the tide of fugitive soldiers and trains seeking vain security at the landing.

Both officers and men were alive to the importance of this last struggle of Sunday. They felt that the issue of the battle depended upon it, and hence fought with unshaken determination. Colonel A. M. Hare, commanding the First Brigade, who had borne himself through the day with great constancy and courage, was here wounded, and the

