
have re-embarked, and all indications point to a demonstration at some point higher up the river. From its position with reference to the railroad and the facility with which that could be reached from that point my attention will be turned there. Should more definite or reliable information reach me, I shall move to correspond. It is to be hoped General Johnston is approaching from the other direction, as it is entirely in the power of the enemy to cut the road at pleasure. Our task is a most difficult one, especially with the mob we have, miscalled soldiers. I have suspended any further movements from Corinth this way, and have sent General Chalmers back to Iuka, holding all in hand for a move in any direction.

The country is apparently flooded for recent rains, and the country people say no force of any size could now move on this point from Pittsburg or its vicinity. Captain Jordan is now out to determine this point. On the country, it is said no condition of water would prevent a march from Eastport to Iuka.

My whole force is up from Mobile, except two small regiments, ordered by the War Department to hold Pensacola.

Let me hear from you, and give me the general's views fully in regard to the future. The New Madrid move still holds a place in my mind.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

Major-General Commanding.

Colonel JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 5. Reports of Brig. General Adley H. Gladden, C. S. Army.

PURDY, TENN., March 14, 1862.

GENERAL: I would have dispatched you earlier, but have been expecting you all day, having received two dispatches from you that you would be with me this morning.

The enemy, between 4,000 and 5,000 strong, from the best information I can get, were within 5 miles of this place last night. The number I learn from citizens who were taken prisoners by the Yankees and released this morning. They also state that about an equal number were on Shunpike road. The enemy returned to the river, leaving their encampment about 11 o'clock last night. I have had large scouting parties out all day. They have seen nothing below or on the Savannah road. The scouts on the Pittsburg road report having seen about 25 Yankee scouts.

I, however, sent out four companies of infantry and one of cavalry on the Savannah road, who have not returned; they left here about 10 o'clock. I also sent two companies cavalry, under Major Baskerville, to scout above the Savannah road. The major saw nothing. He approached as near the river as the high stage of the water-courses would admit of. I am at a loss to conjecture what will be the next move of the enemy.

I received a communication from Colonel Mouton informing me that he was ordered to come here with his command. I dispatched him to remain at his present location and await further orders. It appears now that the enemy does not intend to make the attack at this place.

