
the disaster. Indeed, months would have elapsed before this could have been done. Meantime the rebellion would have gathered fresh courage and strength. Considering that our numbers were probably less than one-half of the enemy's; that he had selected his own time and mode of attack; that our position was isolated and some 200 miles from our base of operations at Paducah and Cairo; that a portion of our forces were in a manner surprised and driven back in confusion, it is marvelous, may I not say providential, that we were not captured or destroyed-nay, more, that my division should have been able to fight the enemy all day within the narrow limits of a mile.

My effective force on the day of commencement of the battle was 7,028, of which, during the two days following, 1,861 were killed and wounded, including comparatively few missing, giving a proportionate loss of 37 2/3 per cent. The loss of that portion of the enemy encountered by my command is doubtless doubly as great.

In the course of the battle I captured 3 6-pounder guns and 2 guncarriages, 13 6-pounder caissons, 10 limbers, 622 rounds of fixed 6-pounder canister shot, 20 rounds of fixed 12-pounder spherical case shot, 16 stands 12- pounder grape shot, a considerable quantity of wagon and artillery harness, and 3,560 stand of small-arms.

In thus noticing the incidents of this great battle it is but just and proper that I should bear testimony to the general good conduct of my command. Exhorting them in the beginning to add to the glory they had won at Belmond and Forts Henry and Donelson, and to stand by the beloved flag of their country in every extremity, they were kindled with ardor, and throughout the battle evinced a firm resolution to do so.

Colonels Hare and Crocker, who successively commanded the First Brigade, and Colonel Raith and Lieutenant-Colonel Engelmann,* who successively commanded the Third Brigade, distinguished themselves by the coolness, courage, and, skill with which they managed their men.

Colonel Raith, falling an honored martyr in a just cause, will be mourned by his friends and adopted country, while Colonel Marsh, a hero at Frederick town, Donelson, and Shiloh; Colonel Crocker, an able and enterprising officer, and Lieutenant-Colonel Ransom are respectfully recommended for promotion.

It already appears that Colonel Smith and Major Smith, of the Forty-fifth Illinois, signally distinguished themselves by their exemplary constancy and indomitable courage. The same commendation is due Lieutenant-Colonel Hare, of the Eleventh Iowa, and Lieutenant-Colonel Pease, of the Forty-ninth Illinois.

Captain Sturgess, Company H, a brave and intelligent officer, succeeded to the command of the Eighth Illinois upon the fall of Captain Harvey. Captain Morgan, Company A, Forty-ninth Illinois, although severely wounded, mounted a horse, and continued with his company until the horse was shot under him. Captains Wilson, Reed, and Brush, Companies A, B, and F, Eighteenth Illinois, added to the laurels they had won at Fort Donelson. Captain Frisbie, Company H, Twentieth Illinois; Captain Burrows, Ohio Artillery; Captain McAllister, Captain Timony, Lieutenants Barger and Nispel, Illinois artillery, and the officers generally of those batteries are all honorably mentioned for their fearless conduct in the face of danger.

To this list I might add many other meritorious names, including Adjutants Cadle, Hotchkiss, and Ryan, of the First, Second, and Third Brigades, if limit could ta make more special reference to them.

---------------

* But see Wood's report, p. 141.

---------------

