
In this, as in former actions, my staff afforded most valuable assistance. Major Schwartz, Captain Stewart, and Lieutenant Freeman, as already mentioned, were seriously wounded while in the fearless and faithful performance of duty. major Brayman, my acting adjutant-general, displayed his usual courage and sagacity, often inspiring the troops by his gallant bearing, particularly in a crisis toward the close of the battle, when he seized a flag and carried it in front of the enemy.

Lieutenant Jones, ordnance officer and aide, won the applause of all by his characteristic diligence and fearlessness in bringing up and supplying ammunition to our men, often within range of the enemy's musketry, and still offered in range of his artillery. A similar tribute is due to Lieutenant Tresilian, acting engineer and aide, for unsurpassed activity and daring throughout the battle.

The casualties of the first day having left me almost without a member of my staff, Lieutenants Hitt and Hall, of Companies B and C,, of the Fourth Illinois Cavalry, joined me next day, and performed most active and valuable services. While commending them for their zeal, courage, and intelligence, it may be added, as one of the proofs of Lieutenant Hitt's exposure to danger, that his horse was shot under him.

Having already noticed the good conduct of the Fifteenth, Twenty-eighth, and Forty-sixth Illinois, and their heroic commanders, Lieutenant-Colonel Ellis and Colonels Johnston and Davis, a similar acknowledgment is justly due the Fourteenth Illinois and their commander, Colonel Hall, all of whom at different times co-operated with me under the lead of their gallant chief, General Hurlbut.

The same meed of justice is due to the Fortieth Illinois and their daring commander, Colonel Hicks, who was severely wounded near me,and to Colonels Veatch, commanding a brigade, and Brigadier-General Sherman, who zealously and actively co-operated with me during the two days' battle. I am also intended to Captains Fox and Hammond, members of their staff, for prompt and valuable assistance several times afforded during the battle.

In commemorating this great victory as a historical event, challenging honorable comparison with most signal triumphs of arms, it is impossible for me to close this imperfect account of it without the expression of heartfelt grief for the loss of so many brave and faithful men whom I find enrolled in the list of honored dead; of my sympathy for the suffering wounded and the bereaved kindred and friends, and offering grateful acknowledgments to a kind Providence for the eminent success which has crowned our labors in the cause of liberty and constitutional government.

Yours, respectfully,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General GRANT,

Commanding District Western Tennessee.

