
of a brave man. Captain Robert H. Sturgess, of Company H, took command of the regiment and led them gallantly through the day. Major Samuel Eaton was badly wounded while commanding his regiment-the Eighteenth Illinois. Captain D. H. Brush, next in command, was soon after also severely wounded. Captain Dillon, of Company C, arrived on the field at this moment and took command, but was almost instantly killed. From that time the regiment was led on by Captain Anderson, who did his duty nobly.

My thanks are due to my volunteer aide, Lieutenant Caldwell, of General Oglesby's staff, who assisted me during the day; and I express me very great obligations to my adjutant, C. Cadle, jr., who accompanied me on the field and rendered me most efficient service, and during the whole action, by his promptness, every, and activity, exhibited all the qualities of a soldier.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. M. HARE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major M. BRAYMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 6. Report of Colonel Marcellus M. Crocker, Thirteenth Iowa Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, Camp near Pittsburg Landing, April 8, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by the First Brigade of the First Division in the action of the 6th and 7th instant, after 4. 30 o'clock p. m. of the 6th, at which time Colonel A. M. Hare was wounded and carried off the field and the command of the brigade devolved upon me. At this time the Thirteenth Iowa Volunteers, Eighth and Eighteenth Illinois Volunteers retired together, in obedience to command of Colonel Hare, and were rallied by me, and formed after we had retired to position in front of the camp ground of the Fourteenth Iowa Volunteers, and for the rest of the day and until the enemy was repulsed they maintained that position under constant and galling fire from the enemy's artillery. The fire of his guns ceased at dark, and during the night we remained under arms in that position.

On the morning of the 7th we were ordered to advance with the division, at that time commanded by Colonel Tuttle, of the Second Iowa Volunteer Infantry, and form a reserve to the advance of our forces that were driving back the enemy and to support our batteries, which we did during the day, most of the time exposed to the cannon and musketry of the enemy. Just before the rout of the enemy the Eighteenth and Eighth Illinois Regiments were ordered to charge upon and take a battery of two guns that had been greatly annoying and damaging our forces. They advanced at a charge bayonets, took the guns, killing nearly all the horses and men, and brought the guns off the field. The enemy having retreated, and there being no further need of the regiments under my command in the field, Colonel Tuttle directed me to return with my regiments, the Eighth and Eighteenth Illinois and Thirteenth Iowa Volunteers, together with the guns captured, to our encampment, which we had left Sunday morning. This

