
I did, arriving at the camp at 8 o'clock p. m. of Monday. During this day our loss was small, the principal loss of the brigade having occurred in the action on the 6th instant.

The entire loss of the brigade in this action during the two days engaged is: Killed, 92; wounded, 467; missing, 18. A list of the killed, wounded, and missing is herewith submitted.* We went into action with 2,414 men, and came out of it on the evening of the second day with 1,795. Most of the officers and men behaved with great gallantry and coolness.

Of Dresser's battery and the Eleventh Iowa Volunteer Infantry I can say nothing, excepting that I found what was left of them in camp upon my return on the evening of the 7th, they having been separated from the brigade during all the time that it was under my command. Respectfully, &amp;c.,

M. M. CROCKER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major BRAYMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 7. Report of Captain Robert H. Sturgess, Eighth Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. EIGHTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS, Camp. near Pittsburg, Tenn., April 8, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Eighth Regiment Illinois Volunteers in the engagement with the enemy on the 6th and 7th instant.

Early in the morning of the 6th heavy firing was heard in the distance, which indicated that an attack was being made by the rebel force near the right center of our lines. At 7.30 a. m. the Eighth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, James M. Ashmore, senior captain, commanding, was drawn up in line of battle on the regimental parade. Soon the regiment, in common with other regiments of the First Brigade, Colonel A. M. Hare, of the Eleventh Iowa Volunteers, commanding, moving by columns of companies, was ordered to take position in line of battle on a ridge running perpendicular to the front camp line of the Second Brigade. From some misunderstanding the 8th took position on the left of the brigade, which was kept during the day. In taking the position assigned it the regiment moved in good order through a heavy fire from the enemy, losing several men. Immediately after forming in line, the left resting in an open field, Captain Ashmore, commanding, was slightly wounded, and left the field. The command of the regiment devolved on Captain William H. Harvey, of Company K, second in rank, and then acting lieutenant-colonel, who in a few moments received a shot through his body, killing him instantly, while gallantly leading and stimulating the men by his noble conduct, and displaying the greatest bravery and activity.

At this time the whole line on my right gave way, and had fallen back some distance before I was made aware of the fall of the brave Captain Harvey. Knowing that I was next in rank, I immediately as-

---------------

* Nominal list omitted; but see revised statement on p. 100, and division return on p. 123.

---------------

