
verely wounded, and left the field. Lieutenants Shaw, Company H; Monroe, Company A, acting adjutant; McClung, Company K, and Smith, Company I, were each wounded, severely enough to leave the field. Lieutenant Taylor was upon the field on Sunday without any of his company, it having left the field. To him I am indebted for valuable assistance during the action. Lieutenant Caldwell, Company E, acting as aide-de-camp on General Oglesby's staff, also rendered me much service.

The regiment went into action with 23 commissioned officers and 453 enlisted men, and had 23 killed on the field, 91 wounded, and 3 missing. Inclosed is list of the names of those killed, wounded, and missing.*

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT H. STURGESS,

Captain Company H, Commanding Eighth Illinois Volunteers.

C. CADLE, Jr.,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General First Brigade, First Division.

Numbers 8. Report of Captain J. J. Anderson, Eighteenth Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS, Pittsburg, Tenn. April 11, 1862.

SIR: I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by the Eighteenth Regiment Illinois Volunteers in the action the 6th and 7th instant:

Our position was assigned us on the left of the center of the First Brigade, First Division, the Thirteenth Iowa Volunteers on our right, the Eight Illinois Volunteers on our left. We were marched to the left and rear of General McClernand's headquarters, and were fired upon by the rebel forces while marching by the left flank, by witch we had several men wounded before our line of battle was formed. We gave the enemy a volley from the left flank, when they retired in disorder.

We retained our position here for some time, when the enemy advanced in force, and we were ordered to retire without giving the enemy a single volley. We retired, skirmishing a quarter of a mile, receiving a galling fire from the enemy, in which our commander, Major Samuel Eaton, fell badly wounded, and was carried from the field. At the same time Adjutant Heath received a severe wound. The command then devolved upon senior Captain Daniel H. Brush, who was soon after severely wounded. The command now devolved upon myself, assisted by Captain H. S. Wilson.

We were again moved to the right, where we were joined by Captain Dillon, of Company C, who had been absent on account of wounds received at Fort Donelson. He received a shot in the head, killing him instantly; a brave and efficient officer.

We remained in this position some time, exposed to a galling fire of

---------------

* Nominal list omitted; but see revised statement on p. 100, and division return on p. 123.

---------------

