
I am at a loss to conjecture what his intentions are. It is evident that he has retired to the boats. I come to this conclusion from the circumstances stated.

My scouts have not, in consequence of the high state of the water-courses, been able to get nearer the river than 4 miles. They were at Adamsville; saw where the enemy had been encamped. The officers told the prisoners that they intended to land at Pittsburg and Eastport, with the view of capturing Corinth. You can draw your own conclusions. I give you all the information in my possession.

I understand that Colonel Smith's regiment, McNairy Volunteers, are at Bethel, and that Allen's regiment, Louisiana Volunteers, are on the way. I fear that the movement is a false one, and the retiring of the enemy may be a trick. My information is obtained from 1 or 2 out of some 15 or 20 prisoners whom the Yankees released about 2 miles from the river early this morning and before the streams rose.

I am, general, very respectfully and truly, your obedient servant,

A. H. GLADDEN,

Brig. Gen., Comd. 2nd Corps, 2nd Div., Army Miss. Valley.

Brig. General DANIEL RUGGLES.
HDQRS. SECOND BATTALION MISSISSIPPI CAVALRY, March 12, 1862.

GENERAL: Information has just reached my quarters, through one of the scouts belonging to Captain McCaa's company, that the enemy are landing on this side the river, at Williams' Landing, about half a mile below Crump's Landing. Colonel Adams and Major Baskerville are both advised of the fact.

On the approach of the enemy the man Williams hoisted the Union flag.

I have the honor to be, general, your humble and obedient servant,CHARLES G. FIELD.

Brigadier-General GLADDEN,

Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

GENERAL: Above I forward you a copy of intelligence just received.

Colonel D. W. Adams, with 350 Louisiana Infantry, a detachment of Baskerville's cavalry (130), and two rifle guns (Ketchum's), are about 5 miles this side of where the enemy is landing. I have here Colonel Deas' regiment, nine companies, 360 men, and the remainder of Ketchum's battery. I have left at Bethel the Alabama battalion, about 300 men. So you will see that the enemy may at any moment land a large force, and I am now uneasy, fearing that Colonel Adams may be cut off.

I shall send Colonel Deas forward and the balance of the battery. I instructed Colonel D. W. Adams to run no risk, and to retire before a superior force, destroying bridges and obstructing roads.

I am not advised as to the object of the enemy. This landing, I presume, is in consequence of the appearance of our forces. I hope you will telegraph General Bragg. I have no further instructions from him. I was in hopes that you would be able to communicate with him. I have just this moment received your communication, dated 10 o'clock

