
Numbers 9. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Hall, Eleventh Iowa Infantry.

HDQRS. ELEVENTH REGIMENT IOWA VOLUNTEERS, April 9, 1862.

SIR: A have the honor to report the part taken by the Eleventh Regiment Iowa Volunteers in the action of the 6th and 7th instant as follows:

At between 7 and 8 a. m. on the 6th instant I received orders from you to form my regiment, consisting of an aggregate of 750 officers and men, and march them in close column about 200 yards to the front and there await orders, which I did. In about half an hour I received orders from you to march about one-fourth of a mile to the left and there form as a reserve. On arriving at the place indicated I immediately deployed in line of battle. In a very few moments I received orders from Major-General McClernand to advance to the front, which I did at a double-quick for a distance of over a quarter of a mile, my right resting on a pond and supporting Dresser's battery, my left resting along a road and on another battery. I had scarcely got into position before the enemy appeared on force, and I opened fire immediately, throwing them into confusion. They soon reformed and opened on me a very destructive fire of musketry and artillery, which I sustained for nearly two hours, during which time my loss in killed and wounded was very severe. Major Abercrombie, who commanded the right wight and who rendered me the most gallant and efficient aid, here received a severe wound in the head, which necessitated his retiring from the field, remaining, however, during the time above mentioned. My horse was here shot under me, and I received while on foot a slight wound in my left ankle. A large force of the enemy appearing on my right and apparently endeavoring to turn it, I received orders to retire, which I did, forming about 100 yards from the left of the regimental parade ground with Companies A, B, C, E, G, H, and K, the left wing and Company C retiring in good order. Companies D, F, and I, while retiring, were exposed to a most galling fire of artillery and musketry, which sweep the open space through which they had to go, and were thrown into confusion and did not form. I immediately received orders from Major-General McClernand to take my position about 50 yards in advance, where I remained under cover for a short time until the enemy approached quite close, I fired and advanced at doublequick, driving them before me and capturing a standard from the enemy.

When about 50 yards in the rear of my position, supporting Dresser's battery, in the morning, I received report from the commanders of companies that the men were out of ammunition, which fact I immediately reported to Major-General McClernand in person, and held my position until I was re-enforced, when I received orders from General McClernand to retire and procure ammunition. Before I issued the order to retire the troops ordered to occupy my ground broke in confusion, throwing my men into temporary disorder, but they rallied and formed at my camp, where I learned that my ammunition had been taken to the river half an hour before, and I could not learn, after repeated inquiries, where I could procure any, and the fire becoming very hot, I retired until I received ammunition, and was joined by part of Companies D, F, and I. While issuing ammunition I received orders from Major-General Grant to advance immediately, and

