
ordering Companies B and C, who were armed with rifles and were then unable to procure cartridges of a suitable caliber, to remain until they procured them and rejoin the regiment, I immediately moved forward, taking the first road to the left, until I found a line, and formed on its right, opening fire on the enemy, where I remained until ordered to retire and form on the left of a battery of heavy guns placed behind corn sacks. I held that position until I received orders from General Grant to advance and deployed skirmishers and feel of the enemy. I advanced some hundred yards or more, deploying Company A, Captain Grant, with instructions to find the enemy, and remained until the batteries in my rear opened fire, when I returned to the rear of the batteries, and remained until ordered to advance and support a battery placed on the left of the heavy guns before mentioned. Here I detailed 12 men from Company G and ordered them to take charge of two 12-pounder howitzers which I found without officers or men, and which they used with good effect. I remained in this position until the enemy were repulsed and during the night.

On the morning of the 7th I received orders from General Grant to move out on the main road leading from the river and to take the first road leading to the left, and to advance until I found the line. After marching about a mile and a half I found a heavy gun which was playing upon the enemy. Immediately formed on its left in support and remained until ordered to move to the right and front, where I formed in line of battle, when I received orders from General Hurlbut to advance and deploy skirmishers to the left and front. I immediately advanced, deploying Company B to the left and Company A to the front. The firing after some time becoming more remote, I recalled my skirmishers and remained in line of battle until ordered to return to my camp.

With but few individual exceptions all my officers and men conducted themselves with the greatest gallantry. I make special mention of Captain John C. Marven, of Company K, who rose from a sick bed, not having been able to do duty for ninety days.

Respectfully submitted.

WILLIAM HALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel Eleventh Regiment Iowa Volunteers, Comdg.

Lieutenant C. CADLE, Jr.,

A. A&gt; A. G., First Brig., First Div., Army of the Tennessee.

No. 10. Report of Colonel Marcellus M. Crocker, Thirteenth Iowa Infantry.

HDQRS. THIRTEENTH REGIMENT IOWA INFANTRY VOLS., Camp near Pittsburg, Tenn., April 8, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Thirteenth Regiment Iowa Volunteer Infantry in the engagement with the enemy on the 6th and 7th instant.

Early in the morning of the 6th the alarm was given, and heavy firing in the distance indicated that our camp was attacked. The regiment was formed in front of its color line, its full force consisting of 717 men, rank and file. It was at once ordered to form on the left

