
severe fire, we succeeded in slowly driving back the enemy for half a mile to the extreme left of my own camp, silencing a section of artillery planted in rear of General McClernand's quarters, killing all the horses on both guns caissons. The enemy being heavily re-enforced and my ammunition running short, I was forced to fall back without bringing off the guns, but on regaining possession of our camp on Monday morning the guns were found in the same position, and are now in our possession.

During this attack Lieutenant-Colonel Richards, commanding the Twentieth Illinois, was wounded.

Fresh troops of ours having passed to the front, I equalized the ammunition of my command, and again moved forward, joined by the Forty-fifth, of my brigade, and engaged the enemy till I had exhausted all my cartridges. At this time, my command having been reduced to a merely nominal one, I received orders to fall a short distance to the rear and form a new line, detaining all stragglers, portions of commands, and commands which should attempt to pass. In obedience to this, though with some difficulty as regarded portions of some commands, whose officers seemed little inclined to halt short of the river (this was particularly the case with the Thirteenth Missouri, whose colonel refused to remain till threatened with arrest), I had gathered quite a force,

and formed a line near the camp of the Second Division, concealing my men in the timber, facing an open field. I here requested Colonel Davis, of the Forty-sixth Illinois Infantry, to take position on my right. He promptly and cheerfully responded. I shall have further occasion to mention the gallant conduct of this officer in the course of my report.

Having formed my line, I obtained at once supplies of ammunition and provisions. In short time General McClernand, with portions of the First and Third Brigades of his own division, and two regiments of Ohio troops, came up and formed on the left of the line I had already established. The enemy's infantry soon approached our front to a short distance beyond the open field before mentioned and their cavalry were hovering upon the hills in our front. General McClernand then ordered forward a battery to the turn of a road near the center of our line, and opened upon the enemy. This was soon replied to by one of their batteries. For some time during the shelling my men lay on the ground in line of battle, and little damage was done by their artillery which soon ceased.

During this fire Adjt. J. E. Thompson, of the Twentieth Illinois Infantry, acting as my aide, was killed, and one of my orderlies had his horse shot under him. These are the only casualties that came under my observation.

Shortly after this a severe cannonading was commenced on the extreme left, which continued uninterruptedly till darkness ended the fight for the day.

Being notified that we would hold this position during the night, I threw out a large party of skirmishers, and instructed my command to lay on their arms in line, to be ready for any emergency that might occur. Wearied with the several strugglers of the day they gladly seized this opportunity for a little rest, but a drenching rain soon setting in prevented much sleep. Their hardships, however, were borne with exemplary patience.

At daylight on Monday morning the men in line were supplied with some provisions. While this was being done firing opened on our right, afterwards ascertained to come from a portion of General Lewis

