
Wallace's command. Directly afterwards firing commenced to our left and front, both artillery and musketry, supposed by me to be a portion of General Buell's command, who I had been informed during the night had taken position on our left and considerably in advance.

I now received orders from General McClernand to throw out skirmishers and follow with my whole command. This I did in the following order; The Forty-sixth Illinois Infantry on the right, joined in succession by the remnants of the Forty-eighth, Twentieth, Seventeenth, Forty-ninth, Forty-third, Forty-fifth Illinois, and the Fifty-third and a portion of one other Ohio regiment on the extreme left of the line. Moving steadily forward for half a mile I discovered a movement of troops on the hill, nearly a quarter of a mile in front. Dispatching scouts to ascertain who they were, they were met by a message from Colonel Smith, Commanding a brigade of the Third Division, informing me that he would take position on the right and wait my coming up.

Meantime a section of McAllister's battery had been brought forward to the hill in our rear, and threw a few shells on the hills in advance as feelers. Moving on, I halted the line on the hill immediately in rear of the camp of the First Brigade of our own division. From here the rebels were seen moving through the timber opposite the parade ground in considerable force. As soon as possible two 24-pounders were brought up the hill and opened fire on them. Soon after a battery on the left of General Lewis Wallace's division also opened. Both batteries were replied to, and a sharp cannonading kept up for some time. During this firing a junction was made with troops of General Hurlbut on our left, and Received orders to move obliquely across the field to the timber opposite. Crossing this field, in pursuance of orders, I took my position on the edge of the timber, receiving very little annoyance from the enemy in crossing. It was my desire here when about to give the necessary orders the Ohio troops on my left, without any apparent cause, broke and ran in a manner that can only be stigmatized as disgraceful and cowardly. Despite all my efforts, and those of General McClernand and staff, they crossed the field and sought protection in rear of the timber. Their officers, instead of seconding the efforts made to rally the soldiers, set them an example of speed in flying from the enemy that even Floyd might envy. So disgusted was I with their conduct that I asked General McClernand to order them off the field, which he did.

Frustrated in my designs upon the rebel battery by this movement, I reformed, and moving slightly to be left, engaged the enemy in a severe struggle, driving him steadily but slowly before us. He made several desperate efforts to force my right and partially succeeded, but fresh troops coming promptly up our advantage was held, and the camp of the First Division was again our own.

During this last charge Colonel Davis, of the Forty-sixth Illinois Infantry, commanding my right, was mortally wounded while bravely and gallantly and cheering his men on against very superior odds. The timber which had been felled in front of our camp to clear a parade ground was gathered by the rebels during Sunday night and a breastwork composed of it, which was made use of to our considerable disadvantage.

From this time the retreat of the rebels was unceasing, and about 4 p. m. I received orders to occupy my own camp, which I soon did. Where so many behaved in a manner worthy of commendation it is difficult for a commander to make selections. Lieutenant-Colonel

