
P. S.-I would do injustice to my feelings and to a worthy officer did I fail to notice the eminent services of Surgeon Goodbrake, acting brigade surgeon, whose unceasing labors merit my favorable attention.

N.o. 12. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas E. G. Ransom, Eleventh Illinois Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH INFANTRY, SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, ILLINOIS VOLS., Camp. at Pittsburg, Tenn., April 13, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to, make the following report of the movements of my command on the 6th and 7th instant;

At 7 a. m. on the 6th instant my command, consisting of 225 enlisted men and 14 commissioned officers (one company being absent on picket duty), formed the right of the brigade, the Twentieth Illinois being on my left. We moved with the brigade to a position in rear of the right of the camp of General Sherman's division, but immediately charged to a position in the center of said camp, where we formed a line of battle, the right of my regiment resting near and supporting a battery of artillery on the hill at my right. The enemy were immediately in front of us in greatly superior force, advancing in four ranks and three columns steadily upon us. When in good range we opened our fire upon them, which was responded to by a terrific fire from their first line. This fire was kept up on both sides and told with fearful effect upon my line.

My loss here in ten minutes was very heavy, for during that brief period Captain Carter was mortally wounded, Lieutenant Field severely wounded, and myself, Major Nevins, Captain Coates, and Lieutenant Walrod also wounded.

We remained under this fire in this position for a considerable time, when I noticed the line on the left was falling back, and very soon my own regiment fell back, I regret to add, without my order, but they rallied immediately in the reserve, and on our camp, rejoined the brigade, when we moved to the camp of the First Brigade, forming a rear line.

I was here joined by Adjutant Phillips, of the Seventieth Ohio, and 40 of his men, who took the left of my regiment and fought gallantly with us through the remainder of the day. We immediately moved forward and met the enemy in rear of the camp of the Eleventh and Twentieth Illinois, where we drove them slowly back under a heavy fire, and while a rebel battery was playing upon us we still moved gallantly forward. The fire of the Eleventh and Twentieth soon killed and drove away the men and horses of this battery. We held this position (a few hundred yards from the silenced battery) for a long time, until ordered forward by General McClernand, who was alone bravely rallying and pushing forward an Ohio regiment on my right, apparently destitute of field officers. We moved forward in excellent order a few hundred yards, when the regiment on my right gave way and retreated in great confusion, leaving my little force of about 115 men almost alone. I immediately fell back to my former position.

My horse having been killed in this last attack, and my wounded rendering me totally unfit to walk or even to command, I was taken to the rear. Major Nevins, through suffering from a severe wound in the hand, assumed command. The regiment now having become separated from

