
the brigade, he formed the regiment on the extreme left, where the battle was raging fearfully. His painful wound, however, obliged him to turn over the command to Captain Lloyd D. Waddell, who, with the little remnant of our regiment, now reduced to about 80 men, bore our colors forward into the thickets of the fight, and with his command bore a conspicuous and honorable part in the terrible contest that closed the battle of the 6th instant.

On the 7th Major Nevins became sufficiently recovered to resume command, but the few gallant men left to sustain the honor the Eleventh were held in reserve by order of General Grant, and bore no conspicuous part in the glorious victory of that memorable day.

Of the noble bearing of the men of my command during the several

engagements they were in on the 6th instant I need not speak. Their numbers were few, they fought long and well, and suffered severely; they added yet brighter laurels to those they so dearly won at Donelson. I cannot fail to mention the gallant Major Nevins, who, though wounded, bravely performed his duty; and Adjutant Dickey, ever cool and courageous, rendered most efficient services; the noble, lamented Captain Carter, commanding Company K, who, with his company, so bravely cut his way through the rebel cavalry at Donelson, was among the first to fall in this bloody field mortally wounded-a good man and a true soldier, his loss is irreparable; Captains Waddell and McKee, always at their posts-the latter wounded-both men in the gallant fifth of the evening, the former commanding the regiment, are deserving of my grateful acknowledgments;Captain Coates, who rejoined the regiment on the morning of the but partially recovered from a severe illness, was wounded early, remained with his command,and was particularly distinguished; Lieutenant Field, commanding Company A, whose coolness and bravery has made his command invincible,was borne to the rear during the first engagement severely, and I fear mortally, wounded; Lieutenants Doane, McWilliams, Town, Hapeman,and Walrod all distinguished themselves by their brave and gallant bearing; Lieutenant Deane, commanding Company D, added new laurels to those he won at Fort Donelson-when the colors fell from the hands of the wounded bearer he was first to seize and bear them on with the regiment; Acting Quartermaster Goodrich, ever faithful to his trust, brave soldier, was shot by my side through the head.

To the gallant Phillips, of the Seventieth Ohio, and his 40 brave men, I am under obligations for their support to our decimated line. I need only say their noble bearing while under my command is deserving the highest praise. Their regiment and State may well fell proud of them.

I also desire to mention Sergeant-Major Blake and the color guard for their brave and meritorious conduct.

I cannot close, sir, without offering my congratulations to the colonel commanding the brigade for the glorious victory achieved by our forces here and the distinguished part borne by himself.

I append herewith a list of the casualties in my command on the 6th and 7th instant.*

Respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to remain your, obedient servant,

T. E. G. RANSOM,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Eleventh Illinois Infantry.

Lieutenant E. P. BOAS,

A. A. A. G., Second Brig., First Div., Ill. Infantry.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 100. See also division return, p. 123.

---------------

