
a.m. this date. If a large force pursue me I shall be powerless to cope with the enemy and have no transportation.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

A. H. GLADDEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Brigade.

Brigadier-General RUGGLES.

PURDY, TENN., March 15, 1862.

GENERAL: I wrote to you last evening. Since then I have received the information contained in the inclosed reports. I am of the opinion that the enemy has entirely retired from this side of the river, and will make a demonstration higher up the river. I send a copy of these reports to Bethel, to be forwarded by railroad, and for fear that the cars may not be able to leave I send by special messenger, as I deem the information of the utmost importance. I have stopped all re-enforcements at Bethel Station, subject to your order. I regret that you were unable to join me yesterday. My expecting your coming prevented me from forwarding to you important information early yesterday. I was momentarily expecting you all day.

I have sent out a large cavalry force for the purpose of scouting to the river bank on all the various road from and to this place and to gain all the information in their power in reference to the movements of the enemy.

I am, general, very respectfully and truly, yours,

A. H. GLADDEN,

Brig. Gen., Comdg. 2nd Corps, 2nd Grand Div., Army Miss. Valley.

Brigadier-General RUGGLES.

No. 6. Report of Colonel Daniel W. Adams, First Louisiana Infantry.

SNAKE CAMP,

Four miles from Tennessee River, --- --, 1862.

DEAR SIR: We reached here about 3 p.m. and encamped at 4 o'clock. Accompanied by Major---and a detail of 10 cavalry, I proceeded to reconnoiter the river at Crump's Landing. At 2 1/2 miles from this I found the enemy had posted their pickets. We advanced to within 400 yards of their line of pickets, but from the nature of the country could not ascertain what force they had landed. I do not believe they are landing in force on this side of the river, but from information I deem reliable they have about 25,000 on the other side ashore and in boats. Sixty-one boats are reported as having passed Coffee. Within 300 or 400 yards of the enemy's pickets I found 30 or 40 bales of cotton, which I had burned. Most of it belonged to the Union "shriekers." I had 3 suspected men passing my lines arrested.

As their advanced pickets cut me off from doing anything ont he river, I am now inclined to return by the Adamsville road, keeping an eye on their movements. I will write again to-morrow.

Very respectfully,

DANL. W. ADAMS,

Colonel, Commanding Detachment.

Brig. General ADLEY H. GLADDEN,

Bethel, Tenn.

