
engagement, and being on foot and also quite weak from previous illness. I could do but little to remedy this. I, however, ordered Major Smith to ride on in advance and halt and form our men at the first convenient place, and when I came up found the major had succeeded in getting most od our regiment into line. At this point I found Colonel Marsh, with the remnants of his regiment; also the remains of the Fifteenth Illinois and some batteries of artillery. Major Taylor no having men enough to work his guns, I detailed all that were left o Company G, of the Seventeenth, about 20 men, to assist his batteries and after consulting with my officers decided to move off nearer the river and get a new supply of ammunition.

This was about noon. I now learned that Colonel Raith had bee wounded and taken off the field, leaving me the ranking officer in the brigade, and consequently devoted my attention to gathering up all that remained of our command. At 2 o'clock I had succeeded in getting some 500 of the Seventeenth, Forty-ninth, and Forty-third together, and at the request of General Sherman moved them out and formed again on his extreme left. One of the Chicago batteries immediately took up position directly in front and opened fire upon the enemy's line, which we could distinctly see about 400 yards distant.

I now deployed my men down a ravine under the fire of our batteries, and formed them into line in a cross ravine, out of sight of the enemy, and advanced cautiously up the intervening ridge until I had them in full view. Here I got in a number of telling volleys, when you came down along our lines from the left and informed us we were unsupported on our left, and ordered us to retire in good order to our old position in rear of the Chicago battery and on General Sherman's left. The fight between the enemy and the battery in our front soon became quite exciting, but our battery seeming to get the worst of it and a number of their horses having been disabled, they were compelled to fall back and leave one of their guns, which was promptly and bravely brought off by our boys.

Thus ended the fight for the day as far as we were concerned. Our orders were to lay on our arms in our places, with which our men complied without a murmur.

About 10 o'clock p. m. I was taken with a severe ague chill, which obliged me to leave the field and seek assistance, leaving my command to Major Smith, who will report to you the labors of the second day.

Both men and officers behaved with great coolness and bravery through the whole day, remaining under the severe fire without flinching, and always promptly advancing at the word of command.

E. P. WOOD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Seventeenth Illinois Infantry.

General JOHN A. McCLERNAND, Comdg. First Division.

Numbers 15. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Adolph Engelmann, Forty-third Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. FORTY-THIRD REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS, Pittsburg Landing, Tenn., April-, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit herewith a report of the part taken by the Forty-third Regiment Illinois Volunteers in the bloody battles of April 6 and 7.

