
to a halt, it too had to stop, it being impossible for it to advance alone on the dense masses in front.

The ammunition now being entirely exhausted, the men gathered a scant supply from the killed and wounded of the enemy, who here covered the ground thickly. The troops of the enemy opposed to us having been armed with the Enfield rifle, their ammunition being of English make and excellent quality, it could be used in our muskets. The men being cheered on by General McClernand, who was present in the thickest of the fight, for a long period maintained a fearful conflict, that cost great numbers on both sides. Our lines again giving way, the regiment retired down the branch on which the conflict had raged, and in the open field below again formed on the right of the Twentieth Illinois Regiment.

Being altogether out of ammunition, I again sent for a supply, but none being found, and the supply which had been promised Colonel Marsh failing to arrive, we were again compelled to retire as the enemy advanced. We now fell back by degrees, and a new line being formed, we found ourselves posted between the Forty-sixth Illinois and Thirteenth Missouri, our position being midway between the encampments of the Forty-sixth and Ninth Illinois. We here succeeded in getting a fresh supply of ammunition. The men, totally exhausted, by lay heedless to the shower of shot and shell that passed over their heads. In this position we passed the night.

Early the morning we were ordered forward by General Sherman, and advanced again to the rear of the left of the First Brigade, First Division, where we were placed in position by General McClernand towards the left of the line then forming for attack, the Thirteenth Missouri being still to our left. We remained in this position for some time during the heavy cannonade between the batteries in our line and those of the enemy, when our lines were ordered forward and to the left in oblique direction. We advanced thus to the timber in front of the right of the encampment of the Second Brigade, when the lines came to a halt. The Thirteenth Missouri was here drawn off by the left flank, and after a short pause the whole line received orders also to move by the left flank.

This movement had hardly been undertaken when the enemy opened a sharp fire upon us from the front of the position we had just left and also appeared in great numbers in a direct line with our left flank. The line fell back in great confusion to the ravine in the rear of the First and Second Brigades, but were here promptly rallied, and after a short pause again ordered forward, first up the ravine and then again by the left flank into the timber but to the front of the enemy's battery, then planted a short distance to the east of General McClernand's headquarters. The lines now coming to a front advanced steadily upon the enemy, driving back his infantry, which had been advanced some distance in front of the line of his battery. Here a number of the enemy that had been unwilling to fall back were made prisoners. After a protracted and embittered struggle our lines were called back, fresh troops taking our places. In the rear of these the remnants of the Forty-third were rallied, totally worn out and exhausted. After a short repose the Forty-third followed after our advancing columns and marched back to its encampment, where we met General McClernand and reported to him, whilst the shells of the retreating enemy were still bursting among the tree-tops.

Of the 500 men that on Sunday morning marched out with the regi-

10 R R-VOL X

