
ment 206 were left, in killed and wounded, on the field, proving the desperation of the conflict and bearing testimony to the conduct of the men.*

With high regards,

ADOLPH ENGELMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel Forty-third Regiment Illinois Volunteers.

Numbers 16. Report of Lieutenant George L. Nispel, Battery E, Second Illinois Light Artillery.

HDQRS. COMPANY E, SECOND REGIMENT ILL. LIGHT ART., Camp near Pittsburg, Tenn., April 11, 1862.

SIR: In accordance with orders I have the honor to submit the following report, showing the part taken in the late battle of the 6th and 7th instant by the company I had the honor to command:

On the morning of the 6th instant, the company being on the drill ground, I received an order from Major Schwartz to "prepare for immediate action." I arose from my sick couch, mounted my horse, and took command.

At fifteen minutes of 8 o'clock a. m. the battery, under the direction of Major Schwartz, took a position on General Sherman's right wing. The enemy opened a heavy fire on us from the opposite hill, which we returned with effect, silencing three of his guns in twenty minutes. Observing the enemy's infantry approaching in mass, my attention was directed to arrest them, when the enemy opened on us again from another battery to cover the advance of his infantry upon our lines. His fire was somewhat destructive, killing 1 man, wounding 3, and killing 5 horses. Major Schwartz, perceiving the infantry on our flanks was falling back, gave the order to "limber to the rear." One of my pieces having been disabled, the trail being shot off, I was forces to abandon it. The enemy's infantry, coming quickly forward, occupied the position just abandoned by us (our whole first line was in retreat). Major Schwartz, wishing to hold this position, ordered me, with the three pieces remaining, to take a position farther to the left and near the church, to prevent, if possible, the enemy's approach, whose intentions evidently were to force it. We opened on him with canister, doing good execution, and causing a wavering in his ranks and considerable confusion. His artillery opened on us again to cover his infantry. The position could have been held had we been supported, but finding that the line had again fallen back, our horses were being shot down, and that we would be cut off, I ordered Lieutenant Dengel, with the first section, to take a position within the retreating line. Major Schwartz brought the Thirty-fourth and Forty-third Illinois Regiments to charge on the enemy, and while leading them in person was severely wounded. Our whole line was falling back. Here the horses on the third piece were shot down by the infantry, and we were between our troops and the enemy. With the assistance of my 5 cannoneers I righted the carriage and hauled the piece by hand some distance. Seeing the enemy still gaining on me, and not wishing him to use my piece against our own forces, I spiked and left it. In the mean time Lieutenant Carter

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 100, and division return, p. 123.

---------------

