
a good and efficient officer, and was prompt to duty when the enemy was to be met. Colonel Mersy, Ninth Illinois, also proved himself a brave and efficient officer. Colonel Morton, commanding Second Brigade, and Colonel Baldwin, Third Brigade, on the last day turned out their brigades promptly and marched in column to the outposts. Colonel Woods, of the Twelfth Iowa, was twice wounded, and when the enemy was driven back on Monday he was recaptured, and is now here, unfit for duty.

Appended I send a list of the casualties of the brigade only, as others will report directly to you.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. TUTTLE,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade, Second Division.

Brigadier General JOHN McARTHUR,

Commanding Second Division.

Numbers 19. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James C. Parrott, Seventh Iowa Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH REGIMENT IOWA INFANTRY, Army in the Field, Pittsburg, Tenn., April 10, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with your order, dated April 8, 1862, I have the honor herewith to make a report of the part taken by the Seventh regiment Iowa Infantry in the of Pittsburg, Tenn., on April 6, 7, and 8.

On the morning of the 6th, at 8 o'clock, I received your order to hold the regiment in readiness for a forward movement, the rebels having attacked out outposts. The regiment was formed immediately, and at about 9 a. m. it was ordered to move forward, and it took position on the left of the Second Iowa Infantry. It then moved forward by the flank until within a short distance of the advancing rebels, where it was thrown into line of battle, being in heavy timber, when it advanced to the edge of a field, from which position we got a view of a portion of the rebel forces. I ordered my men to lie down and hold themselves in readiness to resist any attack, which they did, and remained in that position until ordered to fall back at about 5 p. m., holding the rebels in check and retaining every inch of ground it had gained in the morning, being all the time under a galling fire of canister, grape, and shell, which did considerable execution in our ranks, killing several of my men and wounding others. The regiment, when ordered, fell back in good order and passed through a most galling flank fire from the enemy. When it gained cover of the timber it rallied in good style and helped to hold the enemy in check for some time, when it was again ordered to fall back upon the main river road, and there it bivouacked for the night, exposed to a heavy rain of several hours' duration.

On Monday morning, the 7th, I was so completely stiffened by fatigue and exposure that it was impossible for me to advance with the regiment, but I knew it was placed in good hands when I turned the command over to Major Rice, who led them on that day to the enemy's stronghold, and from him I was proud to learn it did its duty unflinchingly not only against the rebels, but in keeping many of our troops

---------------

* Embodied in McArthur's report, p 148. See also revised statement, p. 101.

---------------

