
from falling back and leaving the field in disorder. As night the regiment returned to camp, and for the first time in two days had warm food and a good night's rest. On Tuesday morning, the 8th, I again moved the regiment forward about 2 miles and remained in line all day, not getting in sight or hearing of the enemy. At night it returned to camp in good order.

In conclusion, I am proud to say that the officers and men the Seventh Iowa Volunteers, with a few exceptions, did their duty nobly, and sustained the proud position won for it on former occasions, of which our State may feel proud. The delinquents, although few, will be strictly dealt with according to the Articles of War.

Our casualties are as follows: One Lieutenant and 10 privates killed; 17 privates wounded and 6 privates and 6 privates missing ; making an aggregate of 34 killed, wounded, and missing.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PARROTT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Seventh Iowa Infantry.

Colonel J. M. TUTTLE,

Commanding First Brigade, Second Division.

Numbers 20. Report of Colonel Joseph J. Woods, Twelfth Iowa Infantry.

MAQUOKETA, JACKSON COUNTY, IOWA, April-, 1862.

On the morning of April 6, the rebels having attacked our advanced lines at Shiloh, Tenn., the Twelfth Iowa Infantry was rapidly formed and joined the other regiments-the Second, Seventh, and Fourteenth-of the Iowa brigade, being the First Brigade, under Brigadier-General Tuttle, of the Second Division, under General Wallace. The brigade was marched to near the field beyond General Hurlbut's headquarters and formed in line of battle, the Second and Seventh on our right,the Fourteenth on our left. The Eighth Iowa, of Prentiss' division, was on the left of the Fourteenth, forming an angle to the rear with our line. An open field lay in front of our right. Dense timber covered out left. A small ravine was immediately behind us. In this position we awaited the approached of the enemy. Soon he made a bold attack on us, but met with a warm reception, and soon we repulsed him. Again and again repeatedly did he attack us, trying vainly to drive us from our position. He failed to move us one inch from our position. On the contrary, we repulsed every attack of the enemy and drove him back in confusion.

Thus matters stood in our front until about 4 p. m., at which time it became evident, by the firing on our left, that the enemy were getting in our rear. An aide-de-camp rode up and directed me to face to the rear and fall back, stating, in answer to my inquiry, that I would receive orders as to the position I was to occupy. No such orders reached me, and I suppose could not. The Second and Seventh Iowa had already gone to the rear, and on reaching the high ground between our position and General Hurlbut's headquarters we discovered that we were already surrounded by the enemy, caused by no fault of our own, but by the troops at a distance from us on our right and left giv

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 101.

---------------

