
ing way before the enemy. Seeing ourselves surrounded, we nevertheless opened a brisk fire on that portion of the enemy who blocked our passage to the Landing,who, after briskly returning our fire for a short time, fell back. A brisk fire from the enemy on our left (previous right) was going on at the same time. Seeing the enemy in front falling back, we attempted by a rapid movement to cut our way through, but the enemy on our left advanced rapidly, coming in behind us, pouring into our ranks a most destructive fire. The enemy in front faced about and opened on us at short range,the enemy in our rear still closing in on us rapidly. I received two wounds, disabling me from further duty. The command then devolved on Captain Edgington, acting as field officer. The enemy had, however, already so closely surrounded us that their balls which missed our men took effect in their ranks beyond us. To have held out longer would have been to suffer complete annihilation. The regiment was therefore compelled to surrender as prisoners of war.

Lieutenant-Colonel Coulter was much reducer by chronic diarrhea and Major Brodtbeck was suffering from rheumatism. Being myself the only field officer on duty, at my request Captain Edgington acted as a field officer, the duties of which he performed in an able and efficient manner.

Quartermaster Dorr, though his position did not require him to go into action, volunteered to do so, and throughout the day behaved in a brave and gallant manner, daringly, if not recklessly, exposing his person to the enemy. He made himself very useful in carrying messages and spying out the positions and movements of the enemy and firing on them as occasion offered. Energetic and efficient in his own department, he would fill a higher one with credit to himself and honor to the service.

Adjutant Duncan proved himself on this, as on all occasions, a faithful and efficient officer.

Captains Earle, Warner, Stibbs, Haddock, Van Duzee, and Townsley performed well their part, as did all the lieutenants in the action, in a prompt and willing manner.

The non-commissioned officers and men stood bravely up to their work and never did men behave better.

In the death of Lieutenant Ferguson, of Company D, the regiment lost one of its best-drilled officers and a gallant soldier. It also lost a good man and a good officer in the of Lieutenant Moir, of Company A.

J. J. WOODS,

Colonel Twelfth Iowa Volunteers.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, First Brigade, Second Division.

Numbers 21. Report of Colonel William T. Shaw, Fourteenth Iowa Infantry.

ANAMOSA, IOWA, October 26, 1862.

SIR: As by the terms of my parole I am precluded from making as yet any official report of the part borne by my regiment, the Fourteenth Iowa, in the battle of Shiloh, on the 6th of April last,and as I feel it due alike to the regiment and to myself, after so long an im-

