
To the men under my command I must also award the praise of bravery not excelled by their officers. They stood unflinchingly until ordered to retire, and I have to state that but very few to be numbered among the stragglers.

I have only to add that the report of casualties was forwarded several days ago, but regret to say that since that time 6 or 8 of my wounded have died of their wounds.

Respectfully submitted.

August MERSY,

Colonel Commanding Ninth Illinois Volunteers.

Lieutenant GEO. L. PADDOCK,

A. A. A. G., Second Brig., Second Div., Dist West Tenn.

Numbers 23. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Augustus L. Chetlain, Twelfth Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. TWELFTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS, Pittsburg Landing, Tenn., April 10, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I respectfully submit the following report of the part the Twelfth Illinois Infantry Volunteers took in the battle at this place on the 6th instant:

At 8 o'clock on the morning of Sunday, the 6th instant, after the engagement had become general all along the left and center of our lines, my regiment, with the balance of the Second Brigade, was ordered from the right to the extreme left of our lines, to support the troops in that part of the field. I arose from a sick bed and took command of my regiment, with Captain Hugunin, Company K, and Captain ferris, Company I, acting, respectively, as lieutenant-colonel and major. By order of General McArthur, commanding the brigade, I took a position in line of battle in a ravine, with the Ninth Illinois Infantry on my right and the Fiftieth Illinois Infantry on my left.

Soon after getting into line the enemy opened a brisk fire upon me with musketry and artillery from the top of a hill in front. My right suffered severely. I did not open fire at once, not knowing whether the troops at my front and left were the enemy or not. At this time my horse, receiving a shot through the body, threw me, bruising my face and breast badly. Not being able to procure another horse, I was obliged, though quite feeble, to command on foot. The ground I occupied being clearly unfavorable for my men, who could not return the enemy's fire with effect, I determined to fall back some 75 yards, in line with the regiments at my right and left. The movement was effected in good order. Just before leaving this position Captain Ferris, Company I, was shot through the body; Captain Swain, Company H, through the side; Lieutenant Randolph, who remained on the ground with Captain Ferris, was taken prisoner, and Lieutenant Cook was wounded.

My new position was more favorable than the order. I at once deployed Company K, Lieutenant Waite, as skirmishers. I held this ground about forty minutes, during which time I lost many men and several officers. Lieutenant Seaman, Company C, was killed; Lieutenant MacLean, Company A, was wounded; also Lieutenants Watkins, Company G, and Waite, Company K. Not being able to effect much

