
from this position, and seeing that the Fiftieth Illinois Infantry at my left had retired, I ordered my command back some 50 paces, to ground immediately on the top of the ridge. As soon as the enemy came within range of my muskets my men did fine execution, pouring volley after volley into his ranks. I held this position until compelled to leave it by a superior force. During the whole of this engagement we were not assisted by any artillery.

Another position, some 300 yards to the rear, was selected and held by my regiment alone nearly one hour. I sent out, while holding this position, Company F, Captain Campbell, and Company I, Lieutenant Mills, to my right and front as skirmishers. Finding that the left wing of our forces was driven in, and that the engagement was confined to our center, I retired to another part of the field, and took a position enabling me to support a battery of light artillery. Soon after-it being then about 4.30 o'clock p. m.-I received orders to return to my camp. Sick and completely exhausted, I was taken on board the steamer Laton, where I remained two days, unable to leave my bed.

My men, with very few exceptions, acted with coolness and bravery during the whole engagement, although exposed to a severe and destructive fire, when unable to return it with effect. My officers acquitted themselves honorably.

It is exceedingly difficult to discriminate when all have done so well. I will, however, mention the names of Captain Hugunin, Company K; Captain Ferris, Company I; Captain Swain, Company H; Captain Stephenson, Company B, and Captain Van Sellar, Company E, as having particularly distinguished themselves for coolness and bravery in action.

I am under obligations to my aide-de-camp, Lieutenant McArthur, acting adjutant, for valuable services rendered on the field.

I regret that circumstances should have placed my command during a great part of the time in a position where it was exposed to a destructive fire from the enemy without being able to return it with equal effect.

Herewith I send you the report of Captain Hugunin, who had command of the regiment when in action on Monday, the 7th instant.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. CHETLAIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Twelfth Regiment Ill. Infantry.

Lieutenant GEO. L. PADDOCK,

A. A. A. G., Second Brig., Second Div., Dist. West Tenn.

Numbers 24. Report of Captain James R. Hugunin, Twelfth Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. TWELFTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLS., Pittsburg Landing, Tenn., April 9, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Twelfth Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers, under my command, during Monday, the second day of the battle at this place:

On Sunday, the first day of the battle, the regiment was under the

