
command of Lieutenant Colonel A. L. Chetlain, who will make his report for the part he took.

On Monday, the 7th instant, the lieutenant-colonel being sick and having been hurt by a fall from his horse, the command of the regiment devolved upon me. The regiment had lost about 100 men in the action of Sunday, and it now turned out with only about 220 men.

On Sunday our division commander, Brigadier General W. H. l. Wallace, was mortally wounded, and our brigade commander, Colonel John McArthur, was also wounded. Our division and brigade had been scattered and broken up, and I had to act without orders. I heard heavy firing to the right and at the center of our lines, and I moved in that direction. The battle opened about 8 o'clock in the morning, and about 9 o'clock I joined, with several other parts of regiments, the division commanded by General McClernand. There had been some fighting before I came up and the enemy had been driven back.

At 9.30 a. m. I formed in line of battle, and was ordered to advance across a cleared field upon a point of woods occupied by the enemy. I obeyed the order, but found the enemy sheltered by a breastwork of longs and brush. They opened such a brisk fire upon us that we were obliged to fall back a few rods. After a very short delay a new line was formed, and, our whole division, we drove the enemy from his position. The fighting here was at very close quarters. I was now left as a reserve, with two other broken regiments, while General McClernand's division advanced some 400 yards without any important fighting. In about an hour I again advanced, and took my position in the front line. The fiercest of the battle was now changing over to the extreme right, and our whole division moved that way.

About noon we were again engaged in quite a brisk fusillade for nearly an hour, but it was at long distance, and could not have effected much. Now General Buell's army had come in from the left, and was mainly in our immediate front. We could do but little else than to watch those brave fellows, occasionally putting in a shot of two, but always at long distance. About 12.30 p. m. the battle was general and most furious, both armies as hotly engaged as it is possible for men to be. Our army pressed the enemy on all points. We followed the first line, supporting them when they needed support. We advanced in this manner for nearly two hours, and until the enemy, beaten at all hands, were breaking and flying so fast that the engagement was narrowed to a front of not over half a mile wide. We then moved quite slowly and did no more fighting. I remained on the field until the battle was all over. At 6 o'clock in the evening I withdrew from the field and returned to my camp.

All my officers and men behaved handsomely; all fought bravely. I beg leave to mention honorably and favorably all the officers under my command: Captain William Fisher, Company A; Captain Harvey S. Stephenson, Company B; Captain Henry Van Sellar, Company E; Captain Wallace Campbell, Company F; Captain Guy C. Ward, Company G; Lieutenant James N. Mcarthur, Company G(acting adjutant); Lieutenant Robert Koehler and William F. Jobe, Company D; William C. Magner, Company E (Lieutenant Magner was seriously wounded); Lieutenants David C. Jones, Company C; Nicholas Roth, Company F; John M. Mills, Company H; William D. Mills, Company I; Charles E. Beaumont, Company K, and Sergt. Major Marcy H. Randall. They all obeyed orders with alacrity. I would also mention favorably Mr. George mason, aide to Brigadier-General McArthur, who accompanied me to the field.

