
The casualties in the regiment for both days are all embraced in the list which I herewith report to you.*

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

JAMES R. HUGUNIN,

Captain Comdg. Twelfth Regiment Ill. Infantry Volunteers.

Lieutenant GEO. L. PADDOCK, A. A. A. G., 2nd Brig., 2nd Div.

Numbers 25. Report of Colonel Crafts J. Wright, Thirteenth Missouri Infantry.

SIR: On Sunday morning, April 6, an order was brought from Colonel Mersy (acting commander of the Second Brigade, Second Division), by his aide, about 8 o'clock a. m. ordering us to march at once, to guard the Purdy road at a designated point, about 2 1/2 miles from the Pittsburg Landing. The regiment, numbering for duty 450 officers and privates, was promptly formed and marched out, without rations or blankets, to the place assigned, and took position. By this order the regiment was detached from its brigade, and not having any instructions as to where it (the brigade) was formed, was left under no brigade on division commander, hence was reported to Brigadier-General Sherman for orders. Standing thus in line of battle for some twenty minutes we were able to rally to ours fragments of three regiments and form them on the left of our own. About 9 o'clock General Sherman ordered our regiment to the left of his division, to engage in the conflict then going on. As soon as we were in line we commenced firing and advancing. We gradually gained ground that had been lost, but the enemy being constantly re-enforced by fresh troops obliged us to fall back with others to our first position.

During this engagement our regiment suffered severely, particularly in officers. The lieutenant-colonel, adjutant, sergeant-major, two captains, and others wounded retired or were borne from the field. The major also, who was struck, as he reports to me, on his breastplate (stunned,but not wounded), retired, leaving me alone, without a field or staff officer, and on foot, my horses having escaped. Captain Haile, While rallying his men, was severely wounded. Lieutenant-Colonel St. James was mortally wounded while in his place in line and has since died. The officers and men did their whole duty, and had the regiment been supported we should have captured the battery which so destructively.

After advancing and falling back several times the regiment was forced to retire, with all the others there, to the road which crosses the Purdy road at right angles near General McArthur's headquarters. We here up quarters for the night, bivouacking without fires, within 400 yards of our regimental camp. The rain fell in torrents, and the men, lying in water and mud, were as weary in the morning as they had been the evening before.

In the morning the regiment was advanced in line of battle towards their former position. This regiment, by order of General McClernand, was detached and detained to support a battery of two pieces which were placed under the command of the undersigned, and the fact of detention reported to General Sherman. We were to retain our position in the ravine until further ordered. Shortly after an order came to the commanding officer of the battery from General McClernand to

---------------

* Embodied in revised statement, p. 101.

---------------

