HDQRS. SECOND BATTALION MISSISSIPPI CAVALRY,Purdy, Tenn., March 14, 1862.

COLONEL: In obedience to your orders I took Captains McCaa's and Robertson's companies (except that portion already on duty) down the Shunpike road to ascertain if the enemy had reconstructed the bridge. At the Pittsburg fork I detached 19 men, under command of Lieutenant O'Daniel, to proceed to Pittsburg. I herewith send you a copy of his report.*

On our way to the bridge our pickets, two in number, stationed on the road in our rear, reported that they had discovered a detachment supposed to be of the enemy. We countermarched some 2 miles and discovered nothing; then proceeded on our mission, to ascertain about the bridge. Reaching near that place, our scouts sent out reported the bridge just as we had left it-pulled down.

I also learned that the enemy had left Adamsville and the rumor from a citizen that they had landed troops last night at Pittsburg. Proceeding farther, my advance pickets reported the firing of signal-guns on the Pittsburg road near the fork; whereupon I left the main road to place my men between my camp and the enemy if all the rumors and excited reports should prove true, and also as my guns were in such a condition that they would not fire, and besides, Captain Robertson's company being without cartridge boxes, his ammunition was exposed to the rain and unfit for use.

The signal-guns reported I cannot account for, unless they were the guns fired by the picket guards of our troops, 4 miles distant.

As I discovered our pickets on this road undisturbed, I would remark that the caps we have are the common G. D. caps, and will not fire after exposure to rain.

I would also report that in obedience to your orders Captain McCaa employed a man and team to bring in your wagon.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

CHARLES BASKERVILLE,

Major, Commanding Second Mississippi (Battalion) Cavalry.

Colonel ADAMS,

Commanding Post.

MARCH 11, 1862.-Skirmish near Paris, Tenn.

LIST OF REPORTS.

No. 1.-Major-General U. S. Grant, U. S. Army.

No. 2.-Lieutenant Charles H. Thurber, Battery I, First Missouri Light Artillery.

No. 3.-Captain John T. Croft, Fifth Iowa Cavalry.

No. 4.-Major-General Leonidas Polk, C. S. Army.

No. 1. Report of Major-General U. S. Grant, U. S. Army.

FORT HENRY, March 13, 1862.

Learning that rebel troops had assembled at Paris for the purpose of enforcing conscription orders of Governor Harris, I sent night before last a portion of Curtis' Horse, Fifty-second Indiana, and Bulliss' battery.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

