
advance to the brow of a hill some distance off. A regiment of the same brigade was placed to sustain it, and this regiment (Thirteenth Missouri) proceeded to regain General Sherman's line. After regaining this line we lay immediately behind our batteries, firing on the enemy and receiving his fire, killing many in range. We were ordered into line of battle and to advance on the left. The regiment went forward under a heavy fire and itself as rapidly as possible. The colors were advanced by Captain Wright from time to time some hundred yards, and the regiment moved forward to support them. A sergeant, one of the color-bearers, was shot down, and Sergeant Beam of Company C, seized them before they had touched the ground and advanced them farther.

When the colors had thus been advanced from time to time an entire distance of about one-half mile, the enemy retreating and had reached a position several hundred yards in front unsupported, the ammunition of the command failed, and could not be supplied. I then ordered Lieutenant Kesner, Of Company B, forward to command Captain Wright to advance the colors no farther, as he could not be supported, the regiment having no ammunition, and not being in strength sufficient to charge. In executing this order the lieutenant was wounded in the our rear, sending word why to the regiments in our rear. On obtaining a supply of ammunition the regiment was again advanced, but no more engagements took place after that, the enemy having retired. The regiment bivouacked on the ground in advance without cover, lying in the rain and mud a second night. Tuesday morning we returned exhausted to our camp and brigade. During these two days the men command were utterly exhausted, and the killed and wounded are as follows.*

CRAFTS J. WRIGHT.

Colonel, Commanding Thirteenth Missouri Volunteers.

Brigadier Gen. WILLIAM T. SHERMAN.

[Indorsement.]

This regiment did not belong to my command, and its dead and wounded are not counted in the loss of my division; but it was actually under my command a part of Sunday, all day on Monday, and until it returned to camp on Tuesday, and in my report I acknowledge the valuable service returned. I am anxious that this regiment shall have credit for gallantry on two special occasions when the battle was hottest on Sunday and Monday. Colonel does not overstate the truth in his description of his advance on Monday, as I was close by. His advance was as rapid as was prudent until the arrival abreast of us of Buell's forces.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Numbers 26. Report of Colonel B. S. Compton, Fourteenth Missouri Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS WESTERN SHARPSHOOTERS, Pittsburg Landing, Tenn., April 14, 1862.

SIR: In accordance with your order I herewith submit the following

---------------

* Embodied in revised statement, p. 101.

---------------

