
report of the part which the Western Sharpshooters took in the recent battle at this place:

On the morning of the 6th instant, in obedience to your orders, I formed my command in line of battle on the south side of my camp, from which place I moved to the bridge on the Crump's Landing road, where I reconnoitered largely, but finding it impossible to use our arms to advantage on account of the thick brush, my command was ordered back to take position in the open field near Colonel McArthur's headquarters. As soon as this point was gained I sent out some cavalry on the enemy's left to find out their position. On their return they reported an open field, yet unoccupied by the enemy's forces, that would be very favorable for our practice. I immediately advanced with my command, but on approaching the enemy had taken possession of the field with artillery and infantry, and their cavalry were rapidly advancing upon us to prevent our entering the field. Seeing this I immediately deployed my command, and drove them back with heavy loss. My loss was 2 killed and 3 wounded. After thus repulsing the enemy I marched my command back, and occupied my old position near Colonel McArthur's headquarters. In about two hours the enemy, advanced on us again, and were again repulsed with heavy loss. My loss in this onset was 3 wounded. Skirmishing more or less continued until dark. By order of Major-General Grant I occupied this position until dark. By order of Major-General Grant I occupied this position until the close of the battle. On Monday a portion of my command was deployed as skirmishers to accompany General Wallace's forces.

All of which I most respectfully submit.

Your most obedient servant,

B. S. COMPTON,

Commanding Western Sharpshooters.

GEO. L. PADDOCK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 27. Report of Colonel Thomas Morton, Eighty-first Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. EIGHTY-FIRST REGIMENT OHIO VOLS., U. S. ARMY, Pittsburg, Tenn., April 13, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to submit the report of the regiment under my command during the action of the 6th and 7th of April.

In accordance with orders received from Brigadier-General McArthur at 7.30 o'clock a. m. on the 6th instant, I dispatched one company to the extreme right of our lines to guard the bridge over Snake Creek and the road leading to Crump's Landing, and soon after supported it with my whole command.

At 11 o'clock a. m. I was ordered back to make an immediate junction with our lines on the right, as we were in danger of being cut off. Having taken this position, I encountered, engaged, and after two or three volleys dispersed a small portion of the enemy, were attempting to again a position on our right.

At 3 o'clock p. m. I was ordered by General Grant in person to leave this position and move to a point several hundred yards in front of our center. Having passed through our lines I discovered near the point designated a rebel line, displaying Federal colors, in front of and near

11 R R-VOL X

