
General Hurlbut's headquarters. Here the enemy opened upon me a heavy fire of shot, grape, and musketry. I returned several volleys, maintaining the position until I discovered a body of cavalry on my left flanking me, when I fell back on our front lines in good order, where, by the order of General Grant, my command lay on their arms till morning.

Early on Monday morning I was ordered by a brigadier-general (whom I took to be General Hurlbut) to take command of three fractional regiments which were in line on my right and very poorly officered. The men being inclined to fall back, I soon found it impossible to keep them up in line, so by 3 o'clock p. m. my command did not number 200 men over my own regiment. We advanced steadily on the enemy until 3 o'clock p. m. After taking one of his batteries we were compelled to abandon it, the horses all being killed. My men having exhausted their ammunition, we fell back, as did the whole line, as far as I could see, the line on our right giving way first. At this point, while rallying the men, I received orders to retire, fresh troops having arrived and the enemy falling back.

To the officers and men of my command I have to say that they conducted themselves in a true soldierly manner, and too much praise cannot be bestowed upon them for the cheerfulness in which they endured the fatigue of two successive day's hard fighting.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

THOS. MORTON,

Colonel, Comdg. Eighty-first Regiment Ohio Vols., U. S. Army.

Colonel August MERSY,

Commanding Second Brigade, Second Division.

Numbers 28. Report of Major Richard Rowett, Seventh Illinois Infantry (of the Third Brigade, Second Division).

HDQRS. SEVENTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS, Pittsburg, Tenn., April 10, 1862.

COLONEL: Pursuant to paragraph 742 of the Revised Regulations, the subjoined report is respectfully submitted:

On the morning of Sunday, the 6th instant, together with the rest of your brigade, the Seventh Illinois, under my command, had the honor of being led to the field of battle by you. No sooner had we reached our position in line, as ordered by you, than the enemy on force advanced upon our front. We immediately gave him battle. A sharp engagement ensued, and in half an hour, aided by the forces on our right and left, we succeeded in driving him back.

Our position was now, by your order, changed to the right, and under the same order, co-operating with the Eighth Illinois on our right, we exchanged a few shots with the enemy, and driving back the left of the force with which he had engaged us, advancing over and beyond the ground from which we had driven him. Under your personal superintendence a reconnaissance in regimental force was made along the enemy's lines towards his right, and at your suggestion I had sent a detail to our rear to bring up ammunition for the regiment. Again we succeeded by a sharp skirmish in maintaining our ground and advanced

