
clear on the enemy's center, and having thrown forward our skirmishers, ascertained that the enemy on our front was now in very large force, and, with lines extending far beyond our flanks, seemed intent upon our movements. Our detail had reported that no ammunition of our caliber (.69) could be obtained, as it seemed that our ammunition wagon had mistaken our course and been driven back. We were not supported on either flank, and to avoid being outflanked and surrounded it became necessary to retire to the position you had originally assigned us, and we but just gained it in time to turn a deadly fire upon the enemy as he advanced with greatly superior numbers Here was our severest engagement and our heaviest loss, while the enemy's ranks were visibly thinned by the steady and rapid firing which the men with the utmost coolness poured into them. The enemy's firing in front was silenced, but on making an effort to connect with the regiments on our right I found that he had completely succeeded in turning our right flank, and our ammunition being exhausted, we changed position by passing around the enemy's left, thrown out to cut us off, receiving in our ranks a cannon-shot from the guns which the enemy brought into position on our flank before we had extricated ourselves. We now obtained a partial supply of ammunition, and came up in time to co-operate with McClernand's command in opposing the enemy's advance and repulsing successfully two of his most brilliant charges. Here our forces at this point, now so greatly strengthened, were finally compelled to retire before the superior numbers which your command had so long held at bay. We now took our position in support of-battery and lay on our arms for the night, contributing largely to picked and guard duty.

On the morning of Monday, the 7th, under the brigade command of Colonel Baldwin, we were on the field, during the greater part of the day under the enemy's guns and in severe engagements, leaving the field only when the last gun was fired, the officers and men of the regiment having signalized themselves particularly by the very honorable part which they bore in the most hotly-contested engagement of the day near the camp ground of Oglesby's brigade.

On Tuesday, the 8th, we were again in the field, and were returned to our quarters after night-fall.

It affords me great pleasure to report that the officers and men of the Seventh Regiment, during the whole time of our two days' engagement, acquitted themselves with great credit and distinction.

I am permitted only to mention the name of Acting Major Monroe, who gallantly sustained his share of the command of the regiment during the whole engagement, and as a tribute to the worthy dead the name of Leo W. Myers, Company H, who fell during the early part of the engagement on Sunday, and of Captain Samuel G. Ward, Company A, who fell on the same day in the front of his company while most gallantly leading them on, having distinguished himself by almost unparalleled bravery.

In conclusion, allow me to express my sincere regret that by your wounds we were deprived of your inspiring leadership, and of the hope that we may yet again be favored as a humble part of your command. All of which is respectfully submitted.

R. ROWETT,

Major, Commanding Seventh Regiment.

Colonel SWEENY,

Commanding Third Brigade.

