
remainder of that day. On arriving at the point I was ordered to defend I formed my regiment in line of battle, with my center resting on a road leading from Corinth to Pittsburg Landing and at right angles with my line. Here I immediately engaged a battalion of the enemy, and after a severe conflict of nearly an hour's duration, in which I lost many of my men, the enemy were driven back with heavy loss. At this time Captain Hogin, Company F, was shot dead, and Captain Palmer, Company H, severely wounded.

About 1 p. m. General Prentiss placed a battery in position immediately in front of my regiment, which instructions to defend it to the last. The precision of its fire, which was directed by the general in person, made great havoc in the advancing columns of the enemy. It therefore became an object of great importance to them to again possession of the battery. To this end they concentrated and hurled column after column on my position, charging most gallantly to the very muzzles of the guns. Here a struggle commenced for the retention and possession of the battery of a terrific character, their concentrated and well-directed fire decimating my ranks in a fearful manner. in this desperate struggle my regiment, lost 100 men in killed and wounded.

The conspicuous gallantry and coolness of my company commanders (Captains Cleaveland, Stubbs, and Benson on the left; Captains McCormack and Captains Kelsey and Geddes and Lieutenant Muhs on the right, by reserving the fire of their respective companies until the proper time for its delivery with effect and the determined courage of my men) saved the battery from capture, and I had the satisfaction the guns in safety to the rear.

In this attack I was wounded in the leg, Major Andrews severely in the head, and do here take pleasure in acknowledging the courage and coolness displayed by my field officers-Lieutenant Col. J. C. Ferguson and Major J. Andrews-and the able assistance rendered by them on that occasion.

About 3 p. m. all direct communication with the river ceased, and it became evident to me that the enemy were driving right and left flanks of our army and were rapidly closing behind us. At this time I could have retreated, and most probably would have saved my command from being captured had I been ordered back at this time; but I received no such order, and I considered it my duty to hold the position I was assigned to defend at all hazards.

General Prentiss' division having been thrown back from the original line, I changed front by my left flank, conforming to his movements and at right angles with my former base, which was immediately occupied and retained for some time by the Fourteenth Iowa, Colonel Shaw. In this position I ordered my regiment to charge a battalion of the enemy(I think the Fourth Mississippi), which was done in good order, completely routing the enemy. We were now attacked on three sides by the rebel force, which was closing fast around us. The shells from our own gunboats in their transit severing the limbs of trees hurled them on my ranks.

It now became absolutely necessary, to prevent annihilation, to leave a position which my regiment had held for nearly ten consecutive hours of severe fighting, successfully resisting and driving back the enemy in every attempt to take the position I was ordered to hold and defend. With a loss of near 200 in killed and wounded I ordered my regiment to retire. On retiring about 300 yards I found a division of the rebels under General Polk thrown completely across my line of retreat. I perceived that further resistance was useless, as we were now com

