
pletely surrounded. Myself and the major portion of my command were captured at 6 p. m. of that day, and I claim the honor for my regiment of being the last to leave the advanced line of our army on the battle-field of Shiloh on Sunday, April 6.

I cannot conclude this report without bearing testimony to the gentlemanly conduct and dignified bearing of my officers and men during their captivity. Our captors had left the effects and well knew the courage of my regiment in the field, but had yet to learn they could conduct themselves as well under other and very trying circumstances.

not having received any reliable information as to the true amount of casualties at the battle and during our imprisonment, I shall forward an official list as soon as practicable of killed and wounded and of such as died in Southern prisons through privation

and neglect. I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. GEDDES,

Colonel Eighth Iowa infantry.

His Excellency SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD, Governor of Iowa.

Numbers 31. Report od Captain Henry Richardson, Battery D, First Missouri Light Artillery.

PITTSBURG, TENN., April 9, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report:

On the morning of the 6th instant I was ordered forward with my battery by Major Cavender, at first to the center of our line and then to the right, and with the remainder of the battalion engaged the enemy and assisted in repulsing his left wing. Soon he rallied and, advancing in large force, we fell back to our original position. At this time I ordered Lieutenants Nash and Cutler, with my second section, to the left and forward, and from this position they warmly engaged the enemy. Lieutenant Fish, with the first section, was ordered to the rear and left and hotly engaged the advancing enemy. Here my second section joined me, and my battery was in imminent danger of being taken, but by the strenuous efforts of both officers and men was taken to the rear and formed in an interior line of defense with other batteries . Here, after a sharp contest, the progress of the enemy was arrested and the firing ceased for the night.

I remained in this position during the next day and until the close of the battle .

Lieutenants Fish and Cutler were slightly wounded. Fourteen horses were killed. During the battle I expended over 200 rounds of ammunition. Too much praise cannot be awarded to Lieutenants Fish, Nash, and Cutler for their coolness and bravery, and I beg to warmly recommend them to your consideration. Also permit me to recommend to you First Sergeant Hill and Sergeant White, and indeed, every non-commissioned officer of my battery, for their activity and unflinching bravery.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

H. RICHARDSON,

Captain Battery D. First Missouri Light Artillery.

Lieutenant CHARLES GREEN,

Adjutant Second Battalion, First Missouri Light Artillery.

