
Numbers 32. Report of Captain Frederick Welker, Battery H, First Missouri Light Artillery.

PITTSBURG, TENN., April 11, 1862.

SIR: The following is a report of the part which my battery took in the engagement of Sunday, April 6 instant:

At 9 a. m. I received orders from Major Cavender to move my battery to the left and center of our line of battle. On my arrival at that place my battery was placed in position and held in reserve until about 12 m., when I received from Major Cavender to take one section of my battery to the position I then held. This was in an open field, of which the enemy held the opposite side-a distance between us of about 400 yards. After firing all my canister and case shot I was compelled to retire, as we were subjected to a tremendous fire of the enemy's canister and musketry firing. I retired with the battery, when we were again placed in position by Colonel McPherson about 900 yards in rear of our former position. This place we held in spite of all attempts of the enemy to drive us from it. Every time he made his appearance before us we would drive him back, until finally our lines on both sides of my battery gave way. I then received orders from General Hurlbut to take my battery to the rear.

Our loss was 17 wounded, all belonging to one section.

After leaving these position I retired to a ridge, where Major Cavender was establishing a line of artillery. We took the extreme right of this line, where we were finally successful in driving back the enemy. On my way to this position I found one of my 20-pounder guns disabled. Finding I should not be able to take it away, I spiked it and left it; but after we had made a successful stand and driven back the enemy, Corporal Hartman, in charge of a squad of men, brought it in.

On Monday my battery remained in the position occupied on Sunday evening, consequently we were not in the action on Monday.

Too much praise cannot be awarded to Lieutenant Edwards for the efficient manner in which he rendered all assistance in this power. I would respectfully recommend him for future favor on account of his bravery and coolness in the hour of danger.

Sergeant Mollencott is also entitled to favorable mention. Although he was wounded, he remained at his post and performed his duty with credit to himself.

I would state that Corporals Hess, Earl, Pinney, and Edwards are deserving of credit, as well as Privates Murray and Funk, who performed the duties of Numbers 1 with coolness, showing they were true grit. In short, all did their duty well and are deserving of credit.

During the engagement I lost 20 horses. Lieutenant Conant was in charge of one section and left in reserve until later in the afternoon.

During the engagement I fired 275 rounds.

F. WELKER,

Captain, First Regiment Mo. Light Artillery, Comdg. Battery H.

Lieutenant CHARLES GREEN,

Actg. Adjt. Second Batt., First Regiment Mo Light Artillery.

