
Numbers 33. Report of Lieutenant James Powell, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, commanding detachment Second and Fourth U. S. Cavalry.

PITTSBURG, TENN., April 13, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken in the late battle of Pittsburg, Tenn., on Sunday and Monday, April the 6th and 7th, by Company C, Second, and Company I, Fourth Cavalry.

On Sunday morning, the 6th, at about 9 o'clock a. m., I ordered the squadron to deploy as skirmishers on the right flank of our army, to annoy a rebel battery than kept shelling our camps, and at the same time keeping the communications open between the expected re-enforcements under the command of Major General L. Wallace and the army, which position i held against superior force until the arrival of the above-mentioned general, and then i bivouacked for the night in the rear of our right flank.

On Monday morning, the 7th, I received to support a battery under the immediate command of Major-General Wallace. I kept that position during the day, following up the enemy and taking several prisoners. I remained with this division during the night.

Tuesday, the 8th, I received orders to proceed on the road to Corinth; found the enemy in force; returned and reported accordingly.

Casualties during the action: Private Frederick Rhyman, I, Fourth Cavalry, killed, and four horses; wounded, Privates Herberick, Ahrus, McWilliams, Grew, and Hastings, all slightly.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES POWELL,

First Lieutenant, Eighteenth Inft., Comdg. Squad. Reg Cavalry.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, Second Division, U. S. Forces, Pittsburg, Tenn.

No. 34. Reports of Major General Lewis Wallace, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, with communications in reference thereto.

HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, UNITED STATES FORCES, Pittsburg Landing, Tenn.,, April 12, 1862.

SIR: Sunday morning, 6th instant, my brigades, three in number,were encamped, the first at Crup's Landing, the second 2 miles from that Landing, the third at Adamsville, 2 1/2 miles farther out on the road to Purdy. The Eleventh Indiana, Colonel George F. McGinnis; Eighth Missouri, Lieutenant Colonel James Peckham, and Twenty-fourth Indiana, Colonel Alvin P. Hovey, composed the First Brigade, Colonel Morgan L. Smith commanding. The First Nebraska, Lieutenant Colonel W. D. McCord; Twenty-third Indiana, Colonel W. L. Sanderson; Fifty-eighth Ohio, Colonel V. Bausenwein, and Fifty-sixth Ohio, Colonel P. Kinney, composed the Second Brigade, Colonel John M. Thayer commanding. The Third Brigade consisted of the Twentieth Ohio, Colonel M. F. Force; Seventy-sixth Ohio, Colonel Charles R. Woods; Seventy-eighth Ohio, Colonel M. D. Leggett, and Sixty-eight Ohio, Colonel S. H. Steedman; Colonel Charles Whittlesey commanding. To my division were attached Lieutenant Thurber's Missouri bat-

