
The enemy were driven from their works, situated about a mile and a half beyond the town, with the loss of probably 100 killed and wounded. Our loss was Captain Bulliss and 4 men killed and 5 men wounded. We have taken 8 prisoners. I am now engaged in sending more troops to the west bank of the river. The enemy are in force at Humboldt and might re-enforce their Paris troops in one day.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

Major-General H. W. HALLECK,

Saint Louis, Mo.

No. 2. Report of Lieutenant Charles H. Thurber, Battery I, First Missouri Light Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS BUEL'S BATTERY, MISSOURI VOLS.,In the Field, March 16, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor most respectfully to submit the following report, not being certain that it is my duty to do so. However, it will probably be of some interest to you:

On the 11th of March, 1862, about 8 o'clock a.m.,the battery under command of Captain Robert E. Bulliss left Paris Landing, on Tennessee River, in Henry County, Tennessee, and proceeded under escort of four companies of cavalry, the whole under command of Captain J. T. Croft, acting major First Battalion Curtis' Horse, to attack the enemy at Paris, Tenn., where there were several hundred encamped,under command of Major H. C. King, about a mile beyond Paris. Our advance captured the pickets that were stationed this side of the town. Our forces passed the town about 5 o'clock p.m., and halted about a quarter of a mile from where we supposed the enemy were. The country being very hilly, we labored under great disadvantage in getting a suitable position for the battery. At last one was found on the right of the road on some rising ground. Only two companies of cavalry formed our support. The other two companies were sent to reconnoiter the enemy's position. They had not proceeded 300 yards from the battery when the enemy, who were lying in ambush, rose and fired two volleys into them, killing several. As soon as the cavalry returned we opened upon the enemy with effect, shelling them from their position and driving them to their camp, with place we also fired into, setting fire to several of their tents. Captain Robert E. Bulliss fell in the early part of the engagement mortally wounded.

It soon becoming dark, I was ordered to put the battery in motion, which I did, the whole force returning short distance on the same road we came, where we camped for the night. The next morning, March 12, we proceeded to camp, 3 miles southward of Fort Heiman, Kentucky, where we are at present. The men of the battery worked the guns with the steadiness and accuracy of veterans. Their conduct was beyond my most sanguine expectations. The bridges along our return route were burning, and the command had to halt and extinguish and rebuild them before we could cross them. Captain Bulliss' remains have been sent to Chicago, Ill., to his family.

I remain, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. H. THURBER,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battery.

CHESTER HARDING, Jr.,

Adjt. General State of Missouri.

2 R R-VOL X

