
tery and Captain N. S. Thompson's Indiana battery; also the Third Battalion Fifth Ohio Cavalry, Major C. S. Hayes, and the Third Battalion Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, Major James F. Johnston.

Hearing heavy and continuous cannonading in the direction of Pittsburg Landing early Sunday morning, I inferred a general battle, and, in anticipation of an order from General to join him at that place, had the equipage of the several brigades loaded in wagons for instant removal to my first camp at the river. The First and Third Brigades were also ordered to concentrate at the Second, from which proceeded the nearest and most practicable road to the scene of battle. At 11.30 o'clock the anticipated order arrived, directing me to come up and take position on the right of the arm and form my line of battle at a right angle with the river. As it also directed me to leave a force to prevent surprise at Crump's Landing, the Fifty-sixth Ohio and Sixty-eighth Ohio Regiments were detached for that purpose, with one gun from Lieutenant Thurber's battery. Selecting a road that led directly to the right of the lines as they were established around Pittsburg Landing on Sunday morning,my column started immediately, the distance being about 6 miles. The cannonading, distinctly audible, quickened the steps of the men. Snake Creek, difficult of passage at all times, on account of its steep banks and swampy bottoms, ran between me and the point of junction. Short way from it Captain Rowley, from General Grant, and attached it his staff, overtook me. From him I learned that our lines had been beaten back; that the right, to which I was proceeding, was then fighting close to the river, and that the road pursued would take me in the enemy's rear, where, in the unfortunate condition of the battle, my command was in danger of being entirely cut off. It seemed, on his representation, most prudent to carry the column across to what is called the "River road," following the windings of the Tennessee bottoms, crossed Snake Creek by a good bridge close to Pittsburg Landing. This movement occasioned a counter-march, which delayed my junction with the main army until a little after night-fall. The information brought me by Captain Rowley was confirmed by Colonel McPherson and Captain Rawlins, also of the general's staff, who came up while I was crossing to the River road. About 1 o'clock at night my brigades were disposed, forming the extreme right, and ready for battle.

Shortly after daybreak Captain Thompson opened fire on a rebel battery posted on a bluff opposite my First Brigade, and across a deep and prolonged hollow, threaded by a creek and densely wooded on both sides. From its position and that of its infantry support, lining the whole length of the bluff, it was apparent that crossing the hollow would be at heavy loss, unless the battery was first driven off. Thurber was accordingly posted to assist Thompson by a cross-fire and at the same time sweep the hiding place of the rebels on the brow of the hill. This had the desired effect. After a few shells from Thurber the enemy fell back, but not before Thompson and dismounted one of their rifled guns. During this affair General Grant came up and gave me my direction of attack, which was formed at a right angle with the river, with which at the time my line ran almost parallel.

The battery and its supports having been driven from the opposite bluff my command was pushed forward, the brigades in echelon-the First in front, and the whole preceded by skirmishers. The hollow was crossed and the hill gained almost without opposition.

As General Sherman's division, next on my left, had not made its appearance to support my advance, a hall was ordered for it to come up. I was then

