
went back, never stopping again. Infantry, horse, and artillery-all went back. The firing was grant and terrible. Before us was the Crescent Regiment of New Orleans. Shelling us on the right was the Washington Artillery of Manassas renown, whose last stand was in front of Colonel Whittlesey's command. To and from, now in my front, then in Sherman's, rode General Beauregard, inciting his troops and fighting for his fading prestige of invincibility. The desperation of the struggle may be easily imagined. While this was in progress far along the lines to the left the contest was raging with equal obstinacy. As indicated by the sounds, however, the enemy seemed retiring everywhere, cheer after cheer ringing through the woods. Each man left that the day was ours.

About 4 o'clock the enemy to my front broke into rout and ran through the camps occupied by General Sherman on Sunday morning Their own camp had been established about 2 miles beyond. There, without halting, they fired tents, stores, &amp;c. Throwing out the wounded, they filled their wagons full of arms (Springfield muskets and Enfield rifles) ingloriously thrown away by some of our troops the day before, and hurried on. After following them until nearly nightfall I brought my division back to Owl Creek and bivouacked it.

The conduct of Colonel M. L. Smith and Colonel John M. Thayer, commanding brigades, was beyond the praise of words. Colonel Whittlesey's was not behind them. To them all belong the highest honors of victory.

The gratitude of the whole country is due Colonel George F. McGinnis, Lieutenant Colonel James Peckham, Colonel Alvin P. Hovey, Lieutenant Colonel W. D. McCord, Colonel W. L. Sanderson, Colonel Valentine Bausenwein, Lieutenant Colonel M. F. Force, Colonel Charles R. Woods, Colonel M. D. Leggett, and their field, staff, and company officers. Aside from the courage they all displayed one point in their conduct is especially to be noted and imitated-I men the skill each one showed in avoiding unnecessary exposure of his soldiers. They are proud of what the division, achieved, and, like myself, they are equally proud that it was done with so little loss of their brave men.

Of my regiments I find it impossible to say enough. Excepting the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Indiana and the Twentieth Ohio they had all participated in the battle of Donelson; but this was at greater battle than Donelson, and consequently a more terrible ordeal in which to test what may be a thing of glory or shame-the courage of an untried regiment. How well they all behaved I sum up in the boats, " Not one man officer or soldier, flinched." None but the wounded went to the Landing. Ohio, Indiana, Missouri, and Nebraska will be proud of the steadfast Third Division, and so am I.

Captain Thompson and Lieutenant Thurber and their officers and men have already been spoken of.

My acknowledgments are again given the gallant gentlemen of my staff, Capt. Frederick Knefler and Lieutenants Ross and Ware. To them I add Captain E. T. Wallace, of the Eleventh Indiana Regiment, acting aide. The courage and judgment all were many times severely tried.

After the battle of Donelson I took pleasure in honorably mentioning two of my orderlies. One of them, Thomas W. Simson, of Company I, Fourth U. S. Cavalry, I again call attention to. His gallantry is deserving reward. Along with him I placed Albert Kauffman, a sergeant in the same company, who was of great service to me, and has every quality that goes to make a practical officer. Finally, it is

