
so rare to find one of his grade in the constant and performance of his peculiar duties that, as a matter of justice, a passing tribute is due the Rev. John D. Rogers, chaplain of the Twenty-third Indiana. After the battle he was unwearied in his attention to the wounded, and that the resting places of the dead of his regiment might not be forgotten he collected their bodies and buried them tenderly, and with prayer and every religious rite; and in this, as my knowledge goes, he was as singular as he was Christian.

Herewith you will find a statement of the dead and wounded of my division. Very respectfully, sir your obedient servant,

LEW. WALLACE,

General, Third Division.

Captain JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Return of casualties in the Third (Wallace's) Division, at the battle od Pittsburg Landing, April 7, 1862.*

Killed. Wounded.

Command. 	 Office	 Enlist	 Office	 Enliste	 Enliste	 Aggrega

 rs.	 ed	 rs.	 d men. 	 d men	 te.

 	 men.	 	 	 missing

1st	 3 	 18	 3	 120	 ---	 144

Brigade,

Colonel M.

L. Smith

2nd	 --- 	 20	 --- 	 105	 5	 130

Brigade,

Colonel J.

M. Thayer

3rd	 ---	 2	 --- 	 29	 --- 	 31

Brigade,

Col. C.

Whittlesey

Total	 3	 40	 3	 254	 5	 305

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Pittsburg, April 25, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded to headquarters of the department.

I directed this division at about 8 o'clock a. m. to be held in readiness to move at a moment's warning in any direction it might be ordered. Certainly not later than 11 a. m. the order reached General Wallace to march by a flank movement to Pittsburg Landing. Waiting until I thought he should be here, I sent one of my staff to hurry him, and afterwards sent Colonel McPherson and my assistant adjutant-general.

This report in some other particulars I do not fully indorse.

U. S. GRANT,Major-General.

WASHINGTON CITY, March 14, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

GENERAL: I have heard of prejudices against me at your headquarters, relative to my failure to participate in the first day's battle at

---------------

* But see revised statement, p. 102.

---------------

