
some officers turned to Captain Baxter, assistant quartermaster, and ordered him to proceed immediately to Crump's Landing, and direct General Wallace to march with his division up the river and into the field on the right of our line as rapidly as possible.

This order was given Captain Baxter about the hour of 8 o'clock. I think not later than that. We immediately rode to the front. At about 11 o'clock General Grant expressed considerable solicitude at the non-appearance of General Wallace, and sent an orderly to the extreme right to see if he could see anything of him, remarking that it could not possibly be many minutes before he would arrive.

Shortly after the hour of o'clock m., as we were riding towards the right of the line, a cavalry officer rode up and reported to General Grant, stating that General Wallace had positively refused to come up unless he should receive written orders. After hearing the report General Grant turned to me, saying," Captain, you proceed to Crump's Landing and say to General Wallace that it is my orders that he bring his division up at once, coming up by the River road, crossing Snake Creek on the bridge (which General Sherman would protect), and form his division on the extreme right, when he would receive further orders; and say to him that it is important that he should make haste." Adding," It has just been reported to me that he has refused to come up unless he receives a written order. If he should require a written order of you, you will give him one," at the same time asking me if I had writing materials in my haversack. I started at once, when the general called to me again, saying. "You will take with you the captain (referring to the cavalry officer before mentioned, who was still sitting there on his horse-his name I do not recollect), and two orderlies, and see that you do not spare horse flesh." This was at the hour of 12.30 o'clock m., as near as I can recollect.

I proceeded at once to General Wallace's camp,back of Crump's Landing, and being well mounted, it took me but a short time to reach it. Upon arriving there I found no signs of a camp, except one baggage wagon that was just leaving. I inquired of the driver as to where General Wallace and his troops were; he replied that they had gone up to the right. I inquired what road they took; to which he replied by pointing to a road, which I understand to be the Purdy road.

While sitting there upon my horses I could hear the firing upon the battle-field quite distinctly. I then took the road pointed out by the teamster and rode a distance of between 5 and 6 miles, as I judged, when I came up with the rear of General Wallace's division; they were at a rest, sitting on each side of the road, some with their arms stacked in the middle of the road. I passed the entire division (except the cavalry), all being at a halt. When I reached the head of the column I found General Wallace sitting upon his horse, surrounded by his staff, some of whom were dismounted and holding their horses by the bridles.

I rode up to General Wallace and communicated to him General Grant's orders as I had received them, and then told him that it had been reported to him (i. e., General Grant) that he hat refused to march without written orders; at which he seemed quite indignant,saying that it was a "damned lie!" that he had never refused to go without a written order, in proof of which he said, "Here you find me on the road." To which I replied that I had certainly found him on a road, but I hardly through it the road to Pittsburg landing. It certainly was not the road that I had come down from there on, and that I had traveled farther since I had left his camp than in coming

