
No. 3. Report of Captain John T. Croft, Fifth Iowa Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BATTALION CURTIS' HORSE,Fort Heiman, March 13, 1862.

SIR: In accordance with your instructions I left Fort Heiman during the night of the 11th. Proceeded with Bulliss' battery of Saint Louis and the First Battalion of Curtis' Horse [Fifth Iowa Cavalry] to Henry County, Tennessee, to afford protection to Union men, friends, and citizens of that county, who wished protection from being drafted on the 12th at Paris, Tenn. Large numbers fell in and traveled in our rear for such protection. Our advance guard came upon the outer pickets about 6 miles from the town; on seeing them killed 2, taking their arms. I then detailed 20 men, under Lieutenant Williams, to advance cautiously and secure their pickets. This he did successfully, surprising them, taking 8 prisoners, with their horses and equipments. Among them was Captain Couts, of Stock's mounted infantry.

Ascertaining about the enemy's force, I made a charge upon the town. About 5 p.m. I ordered one section of Bulliss' battery, the cavalry in advance, for a charge on the town, which we did successfully, driving the enemy before. We passed down Main street, with white flags hanging in every window, driving the enemy into their intrenchments, about a mile and a half west, in the timber, on a high hill. Then we planted our battery, and soon shelled them from that portion of their grounds. Thinking it vacated, I ordered a charge up the hill with two companies of cavalry (Companies A and B, under Captain Lower and Lieutenant Summers). About two-thirds the way up the hill we discovered the ambuscade. About 300 opened a terrible fire on us, but it passed over our heads. Companies A and B, much to their credit, returned a successful fire with revolvers and carbines of three volleys, returning with a loss of 5 killed and 3 wounded. I had the battery open a fire on them, causing a sad havoc among them. Captain Bulliss was mortally wounded in this fire. The action lasted a little more than an hour, then firing ceased. We fell back upon the town, cut off the telegraphic communication, took possession of the court-house and a large hotel for our sick and wounded.

During the night I thought best to fall back here. We expected to find General Grant with a force of infantry.

JOHN T. CROFT,

[Captain], Commanding.

General GRANT.

No. 4. Report of Major-General Leonidas Polk, C. S. Army.
HDQRS. FIRST GRAND DIV. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Humboldt, March 17, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with the dispatch from headquarters of the 14th, I inclose the accompanying statement, furnished by Major King, of the affair of the 11th near Paris.

In reply to the inquiry as to whether there were infantry troops at or near Paris at the time of the skirmish, I have to say that finding

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

