
from the battle-field to the camp, and, judging from the sound of the firing, we were still a long distance from the battle-field. To which the general replied that this was the road his cavalry had brought him, and the only road he knew anything about. He then ordered one of his aides to ride ahead and bring the cavalry back. I then asked hind where this road came into Pittsburg Landing; to which he replied that it crossed the creek at a mill (I think he called it Veal's Mill) and intersected the Corinth and Pittsburg Landing road in front of where General McClernand's camp was. I then told him that I thought it would be impossible for him to get in upon that roads, as the enemy now had possession of those camps, and that our line of battle was to the rear of them. At this moment his cavalry came back and General Wallace rode forward to communicate with them. When he came back he remarked that it was true that the enemy was between us and our army; that the cavalry had been close enough to hear the musketry. The order was then given to counter-march; upon which I remarked to General Wallace that I would ride on and inform General Grant that he was coming; to which he replied, "No captain; I shall be obliged to keep you with me to act guide, as none of us know the river road you speak of." I accordingly remained.

The march toward the old camp was continued to a point about one half mile north of it, where the troops filed to the right and came into the River road. At the point of filing off we were met by Lieutenant-Colonel (now Major-General) McPherson and Major Rawlins, members of General Grant's staff, who had also come to look after General Wallace. The march was continued up the River road until the battlefield was reached, which was just as it was getting dark and after the fighting for the day was over.

Of the character of the march after I overtook General Wallace I can only say that to me it appeared intolerably slow, resembling more a reconnaissance in the face of an enemy than a forced march to relieve a hard-pressed army. So strongly did this impression take hold of my mind, that I took the liberty of repeating to General Wallace that part of General Grant's order enjoining haste. The same idea seemed to have taken possession of the minds Colonel McPherson and Major Rawlins, as on the march from the camp to the battle-field major Rawlins on several occasions rode back for the purpose of trying to hurry up the troops and to ascertain what was the cause of the delay. I have no means of judging as to what distance General Wallace was from the battle-field when I found him, except that I could hear the firing much more distinctly at the camp he had left than I could at the point where I found him.

I remain, colonel, your obedient servant,

W. R. ROWLEY,

Major and Aide-de-camp.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, Lake Providence, La., March 26, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following in relation to the position of the troops and the battle of Shiloh:

When the troops first disembarked at Pittsburg Landing the Ten-

