
nessee River was very high, the water backing up in all the streams, covering the bottoms in the vicinity of the river from 2 to 6 feet, rendering Lick and Snake Creeks impassable.

Four division of the army were encamped on the field of Shiloh in the relative position indicated in the sketch, and one division (Major General Lewis Wallace's) at Crump's Landing, about 6 miles below.

My attention was frequently called to the crossing of Snake Creek,on the direct road from Pittsburg Landing to Crump's, as it was considered very important that a line of land communication between the two portions of the army should be kept open .

As soon as the water subsided sufficiently the bridge across the creek was reconstructed, and a company of cavalry sent through to communicate with General Wallace's command. This was on thursday, previous to the battle.

Sunday morning, the first day of the battle, I was with Brig. General W. H. L. Wallace, who, in consequence of the severe illness of General C. F. Smith, commanded this division. It was well the enemy was approaching our lines, and there had been more or less skirmishing for three days preceding the battle.

The consequence was our breakfasts were ordered at an early hour and our horses saddled, to be ready in case of an attack.

Sunday morning, shortly before 7 o'clock, word came to the Landing that the battle had commenced. I immediately started, in company with General W. H. L. Wallace and staff; found his division in line ready to move out. At this time, not later than 7.30 a. m., General McClernand had moved a portion of his division up to support General Sherman's left. General Hurlbut had moved to the support of General Prentiss, and General W. H. L. Wallace's division was moved up to support the center and right. I was actively engaged on the field, and did not see General Grant until some time after his arrival, when I met him on the field, with Brigadier General W. H. L. Wallace. He informed me that when he came up from Savannah, at 7.30, he notified Major General Lewis Wallace, at Crump's Landing, to hold;d his command in readiness to march at a moment's notice, and that immediately on his arrival at Pittsburg Landing, finding that the attack was in earnest and not a feint, he had sent Captain Baxter, assistant quartermaster, with orders to him to move up immediately by the River road and take a position on our right. Shortly after this Captain Baxter returned, certainly not later than 10.30, and said that he had delivered the order.

At about 12m., General Wallace not having arrived, General Grant became very anxious, as the tide of battle was setting against us, and shortly after dispatched Captain Rowley, one of his aides, to hasten up General Wallace . The battle still continued without cessation, our troops being forced back gradually at all points, though fighting most heroically. Two hours rolled around and no news from General Wallace, when at 2.30 p. m. General Grant directed me to go in search of him, report to him how matters stood, and hasten him forward, if possible. I asked Captain (now Lieutenant-Colonel) Rawlins to accompany me, and taking two orderlies, we started at a rapid pace on the River road, expecting to meet the command at every step; pushed on to the junction of the Purdy and Crump's Landing road; saw some soldiers, who could give us no information where General Wallace was; galloped down toward the Landing a short distance and met a surgeon, who said he had started some time before with his command for Pittsburg Landing on a road branching off between Adamsville and the River road; pushed on in this direction, and at the point D met his

