
Savannah to the river opposite Pittsburg Landing, and a note to Major-General D. C. Buell, informing him of the supposed condition of affairs at or in the vicinity of Pittsburg Landing.

In passing Crump's Landing which is on the river between Savannah and Pittsburg Landing, and distant about 4 1/2 miles from the former and 5 1/2 miles from the latter place, and where was stationed the division commanded by Major General Lewis Wallace, the Tigress ran close alongside the boat on which Major-General Wallace had his headquarters, and addressing him in person, you directed him to hold his division in readiness to move on receipt of orders, which he might expect when you ascertained the condition of affairs above, but in the mean time to send out and ascertain if there was any enemy on the Purdy road,apprehending, as you did, that the real attack might be intended against his position. His reply was that he was then in readiness, and had already taken the precautionary steps you directed as to the Purdy road. This was not far from 7 or 7.30 o'clock a. m.

From thence you continued direct to Pittsburg Landing, which place you reached about 8 o'clock a. m., and with your staff started immediately to the front. About half a mile from the river you met Brigadier General W H. L. Wallace, who commanded Major General C. F. Smith's Second Division Of the Army of the Tennessee. From him you ascertained the particulars of the attack and how matters stood up to that time. You then directed me to return to the river and sent Captain A. S. Baxter, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Volunteers, and chief of the quartermaster's department in your district, on the steamer Tigress, without delay, to Crump's Landing, with orders to Major General Lewis Wallace to bring forward his division by the River road to Pittsburg Landing to a point immediately in rear of the camp of Major C. F. Smith's division, and there his column at right angles with the river on the right of our lines and await further orders.

In obedience to your command I proceeded to the river, and found Captain Baxter at the landing near where the Tigress lay, and communicated to him your orders, who, fearing lest he might make some mistake in the delivery of the orders, requested me to give him a written memorandum of them, and I went on board the steamer Tigress, where a pen ink could be procured, and at my dictation he wrote substantially as follows:

Major-General Wallace:

You will move forward your division from Crump's Landing, leaving a sufficient force to protect the public property at that place, to Pittsburg Landing, on the road nearest to and parallel with the river, and form in line at right angles with the river, immediately in rear of the camp of Major General C. F. Smith's division on our right, and there await further orders.

Captain Baxter took this memorandum and started on the steamer Tigress to convey your orders to Major General Lewis Wallace. This was not later than 9 o'clock a. m. Captain Baxter returned and reported before 12 o'clock m. his delivery of your orders to General Wallace, bringing at the same time from General Wallace to you the report of Colonel Margan L. Smith, that there was no enemy in the direction of Purdy; the result of his reconnaissance that morning. About an hour after Captain Baxter had gone on the steamer Tigress to General Wallace an officer of the Second Illinois Cavalry, who was well acquainted with the road leading to Crump's Landing, was sent by you with a verbal message to Major-General Wallace to hurry forward with all possible dispatch. This officer returned between 12 o'clock m. and 1 o'clock p. m., and reported that when he delivered your message to

