
Major-General Wallace he inquired if he had not written orders. He replied in the negative, and General Wallace said he would only obey written orders. He further stated that it been more than one hour since he left General Wallace, and that his division was then all ready to move. He should been by this time on the field. His presence then would have turned the tide of battle, which was raging with great fury; saved the lives of many brave men, and ere the setting of that crimson spring day's sun secured to us certain victory.

You then immediately dispatched Captain William R. Rowley, of your staff, with orders to him, with the direction that, should General Wallace persist in requiring them to be in writing, he will write them out in full and sign them by your order. This was not later than 1 o'clock p. m.

You then rode back to the house near the river that had been designated for headquarters, to learn what word, if any, had been received from General Nelson, whose division you expected soon to arrive at the landing on the opposite side of the river; and you there met Major General D. C. Buell, who had arrived at Savannah, and taken a steamer and come up to see you, and learn how the battle was progressing in advance of his force. Among his first inquiries was," What preparations have you made for retreating?' To which you replied, "I have not yet despaired of whipping them, general;" and went on to state to him your momentary expectation of the arrival of General Wallace, to whom orders had been timely and repeatedly sent, and that General Nelson's division might soon be expected by the wagon road from Savannah. This was about 2 o'clock p. m.

You here inquired of Captain Baxter particularly what reply, if any, General Wallace made when he delivered him your orders. He said General Wallace appeared delighted; asked him for the written memorandum he had of the orders; read it; said it was all right, and put it in his pocket; ordered his horse at once, evincing the greatest alacrity in disposition to obey your orders; that he delivered him the orders about 10 o'clock a. m., and that General Wallace,from the time that had elapsed, must be at or near the point he was ordered.

You then directed Lieutenant Col. J. B. McPherson, chief of engineers, and myself to go and meet him, supposing we would not have far to go, and conduct him to a certain position on the field you had pointed out to Lieutenant-Colonel McPherson, as we passed around the lines,in support of General Prentiss' division. We started, and before reaching the crest of the hill on the road between the river and Snake Creek, and over which General Wallace would be required to pass, the enemy's artillery was sweeping across it. We hurried on, anxiously expecting each moment to meet General Wallace.

We reached Snake Creek Bridge and crossed it-the foot of the hill beyond, but no General Wallace. We here pressed a citizen as guide, and continued on until we reached the road leading from Crump's Landing to Purdy. We here turned to the right and went toward the river until we met a surgeon of one of the regiments of General Wallace's division, who informed us General Wallace had taken the left-hand road leading from the camp of the camp of one of his brigades, which camp was between a quarter and half mile from the intersection of the main Pittsburg and Crump's Landing road with the Purdy road and towards Purdy, and about 4 1/4 miles from pittsburg Landing by the direct road. In company with this surgeon we proceeded on the road General Wallace was said to have taken in the forenoon of that day. About one-half mile from the camp we met Colonel Thayer's brigade

