
to hurry him, and afterwards sent Colonel McPherson and my assistant adjutant-general.

This report in some other particulars I do not fully indorse.

Respectfully forwarded to headquarters of the department.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

It will be observed that the indorsement contains several serious imputations against me, and in some particulars amount to a denial of my official report.

1st. It says that at o'clock a. m. I received an order to march by a flank movement to Pittsburg landing. In my report, on the other hand, it is distinctly asserted that the order received by me came to hand at 11.30 a. m., and directed me to march to the right of the army and form junction there; a point nearly, if not quite, 3 1/3 miles from Pittsburg Landing.

If General Grant's statement is true, in marching to a point so distant from Pittsburg Landing, I was guilty of a disobedience of orders, for which, in the disastrous turn of the battle at the time, there can be but slender apology. If his statement is true, then I am also guilty of making a false report in a very material matter.

2nd. The indorsement says that " waiting until he should be here, I sent one my staff officers to hurry him, and afterwards sent Colonel McPherson and my assistant adjutant-general." The imputations contained in the sentence quoted are of the gravest character. If they are true, I am unfit to hold a commission of any kind in the United States Army. The imputations can be easily shaped into charges of cowardice and treachery, and I regret to say such charges have been made and are yet existing against me in consequence of the time it took me to reach the battle-field from my position at Crump's Landing.

3rd. General Grant, in his indorsement, further says that there are some other particulars in my official report which he cannot fully indorse. This amounts to saying that I have made a false report.

I have waited with all patience for the arrival of a period when the state of the war would permit me to ask a court of inquiry without detriment to the service. That time, in my judgment, has now come, and I therefore respectfully ask that such a court may be ordered, and that the scope of its investigation may cover my whole conduct in connection with the battle of Pittsburg Landing. That this Investigation may be full and complete, I also request that Judge-Advocate General Holt may be specially charged with the duty of prosecution.

Very respectfully, sir, your friend and obedient servant,

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General Volunteers.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully refereed to the General-in-Chief.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE, A. A. G.

WAR DEPARTMENT, July 224, 1863.

CRAWFORDSVILLE, IND., September 16, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War;

DEAR SIR: You will please suspend action in the matter of my requested for a court of inquiry until I communicate with you again on the

