
Major King's battalion to be mounted rifles, and having two large companies of cavalry besides at my disposal, which I posted there, I deemed the spirit of the order to post a battalion of infantry at Paris complied with. The only troops, therefore, there were King's Mounted Rifles and two companies of cavalry.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jackson.

MARCH 14, 1862.-Skirmishes at Big Creek Gap and Jacksborough, Tenn.

LIST OF REPORTS.

No. 1.-Colonel James P. T. Carter, Second East Tennessee Infantry, U. S. Army.

No. 2.-Major-General E. Kirby Smith, C. S. Army.

No. 1. Report of Colonel James P. T. Carter, Second East Tennessee Infantry, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. SECOND EAST TENNESSEE VOLUNTEERS,Camp at Flat Lick, March 23, 1862.

GENERAL: In obedience to your order of the 8th instant to proceed to Big Creek Gap and Jacksborough, Campbell County, Tennessee, and capture or rout the rebel forces which were reported to be in that vicinity blockading roads and molesting the persons and property of Union citizens, I left with my command on the morning of the 10th instant, accompanied by Lieutenant. Colonel James Keigwin, of the Forty-ninth Indiana Volunteers, and marched to Big Creek Gap via Boston. My force consisted of the Second East Tennessee Regiment; Company A,of the First East Tennessee Regiment, Captain Cooper; Company B, of the Forty-ninth Indiana Regiment, Captain Thompson, and a detachment of Lieutenant-Colonel Munday's First Battalion Kentucky Cavalry.

We arrived at the foot of the Cumberland Mountains, on the north side, on the 13th instant, at 6 o'clock p.m. I then learned that two companies of the First Tennessee Regiment rebel cavalry were encamped at Big Creek Gap. Finding the road completely blockaded, I detached the cavalry, and sent them around by another road, with orders to meet the main body of the command at a certain point on the opposite side of the mountain. Procuring the services of a guide, I divided my command, placing one portion under charge of Lieutenant-Colonel Keigwin. We took up the line of march at 9 o'clock p.m., intending to meet at a point on the opposite side of the mountain about daybreak. The distance we had to march was about 9 miles, yet so difficult was the ascent of the mountain that it was only by the superhuman exertions, as it were, of the men that the march was made. The men, however, bore it patiently, and moved on "eager for the fray."

Having to pass through narrow ways in single file, and the night being very dark, a portion of the infantry got lost, and did not arrive in time to take part in the skirmish. About 1,300 of the infantry came upon the camps of the rebels,under command of Lieutenant. Colonel John F. White, at about 6 o'clock a.m. of the 14th instant, and after a sharp

