
changed front with our left wing, opened our fire upon them, and sent to you for assistance. During this, the most trying moment to us of the day, I received your order to fall back if it got too hot for us, as there were three regiments in our rear ready to support us, but feeling that the reputation of our regiment was at stake, and knowing that no portion of our division had been compelled to fall back during the day, we determined to hold the position to the last. Fortunately, and much to our relief, at this critical moment the thirty-second Indiana, Colonel Willich, came up on our left, and with their assistance the advancing enemy was compelled to retire.

Our left wing was immediately moved into line with the right, and we again made a forward movement, which was continued until 4.30 o'clock, when we received with three cheers the intelligence that the rebel army was in full retreat.

Every officer and man engaged in the battle did his duty to my entire satisfaction, and I have no special mention to make of any. Of the non-combatants Chaplain H. B. Hibben deserves especial notice for valuable assistance to Surgeon Thompson. which was cheerfully rendered until all our wounded were cared for and made as comfortable as the circumstances would admit. Quartermaster Pope also rendered much assistance to the wounded, and was indefatigable in his efforts to bring up our train at the proper time much-needed comforts for our men.

I herewith inclose a correct list of our killed and wounded.*

Respectfully,

G. F. McGINNIS,

Colonel Eleventh Indiana.

Colonel MORGAN L. SMITH,

Commanding First Brigade, Third Division.

Numbers 36. Report of Colonel Alvin P. Hovey, Twenty-fourth Indiana Infantry.

CAMP FIRST BRIGADE, THIRD DIV., DEPT. OF MISS., Battle-field,near Pittsburg Landing, Tenn., April 8, 1862.

SIR: On Sunday, the 6th instant, my regiment, in connection with the First Brigade of the Third Division, was ordered to march from Crump's Landing, Tenn., to the field of action at this place. We arrived a little after sundown, while the musketry was still ringing and cannon roaring, with my regiment on the extreme right and in front. Before arriving we had been informed that the enemy occupied the right of the road in force. Under the directions of Colonel Smith, commanding the brigade, skirmishers were thrown out, and my regiment rapidly marched forward and formed in line of battle before some tents, supposed to be occupied by the enemy. On being challenged, however, they proved to be Birge's Sharpshooters, and we were received with cheers instead of bullets. Here the whole brigade bivouacked for the night, sleeping on their arms, under one of the most severe rains of the season.

About 5.30 o'clock on Monday morning, the 7th instant, the battle

---------------

* Embodied in revised statement, p. 102.

---------------

