
moments previous to this, observing a body of the rebel cavalry advancing on the outskirts of the timber on my extreme right, evidently with the intention of flanking us, I directed Colonel Sanderson, of the Twenty-third Indiana, to move by the right flank some rods, so as to bring has regiment directly in front of them and to drive them back; a movement which he promptly and successfully accomplished. on getting in front of them the cavalry discharged their carbines. The Twenty-third Indiana immediately returned their fire, and under the lead of their colonel then pressed forward, and the right-flank company of the First Nebraska, Captain Baumer, also giving them a right-oblique fire, when the rebels at once field in confusion. Still fearing a flank movement of the enemy, and observing Colonel Whittlesey coming up with two regiments, I rode to him, and requested him to move as rapidly as possible to my right, which he readily did. The action now became general along the line. I again gave the order " Forward,' and the line advanced as regularly and with a front as unbroken as upon the parade ground, the First Nebraska, Lieutenant-Colonel McCord, moving up directly in front of the enemy's battery. Advancing about 20 rods and finding the enemy had made another stand, I ordered a halt and directed another fire upon them, which continued some fifteen minutes, when, discovering the enemy again receding, we pushed on nearly half a mile, halting as we ascended the brow of each hill (the ground being composed of hills and valleys) and giving them another volley and then moving forward again.

Perceiving the enemy's battery again in position, supported by heavy bodies of infantry, another halt was ordered and another fire opened upon them. which became continuous along my whole line. The battle now raged with unabated fury for nearly two hours. The enemy's battery was exceedingly well served, it having obtained excellent range. I had no artillery to oppose to it, but the fire of our infantry was terrific and incessant and was admirably directed, the men loading and firing at will with great rapidity.

Learning from Colonel McCord and Major Livingston that the ammunition of the First Nebraska was nearly exhausted, and from Major Dister, of the Fifty-eighth Ohio, that theirs also was nearly out, I rode to General Wallace, who was on the left of the division, and requested of him a fresh regiment. He at once ordered forward the Seventy-sixth Ohio, Colonel Woods, which I conducted to my line, and directed the First Nebraska to file by the right of companies to the rear, when the Seventy-sixth took its place. The First Nebraska and the Fifty-eighth Ohio then fell back a few rods to a ravine. Theses movements were executed with perfect order.

My ammunition wagons having failed to come up on account of the ravines, which were impassable for teams, over which we had crossed, General Wallace sent me one of his own, which fortunately had arrived by another route. The two regiments refilled their cartridge-boxes, and in twenty minutes from the time they left the line they were again in their position before the enemy; but the enemy was now fleeing. The general here ordered forward his whole division in pursuit, himself leading it, which was continued for a mile and a half, when we bivouacked for the night. Thus did we drive the enemy before us from 5 o'clock in the morning till 5 o'clock in the evening, never receding an inch, but pressing steadily forward over a distance of 4 miles, the enemy contesting the ground rod by rod with a courage and determination that would have honored a better cause.

I cannot speak in terms of too high praise of the officers and soldiers

