
under my command ; their conduct was most gallant and brave throughout. They fought with the ardor and zeal of true patriots.

It gives me pleasure to speak of the different regiments and their officers. Nobly did the First Nebraska sustain its reputation well earned on the field of Donelson. Its progress was onward during the whole day in face of a galling fire of the enemy, moving on without flinching, at one time being an hour and a half in front of their battery receiving and returning its fire. Its conduct was most excellent. Lieutenant Colonel W. D. McCord and Major R. R. Livingston, of this regiment, were constantly in the thickets of the fight, executing every order with the utmost promptness and alacrity. They are deserving of the highest commendation for their gallantry.

The Twenty-third Indiana, by its conduct on the field, won my unqualified admiration. It moved constantly forward under the lead of its brave commander, Colonel Sanderson, under a heavy fire, charging upon the enemy's cavalry and utterly them. The coolness and courage of the colonel aided much in the colonel aided much in the success of the movements of the brigade. Lieutenant Colonel D. C. Anthony and Major W. P. Davis, of the same regiment, behaved gallantly through the action and were ever at the post of duty. The former had his horse shot under him. The regiment, with its colonel and other officers, have earned distinguished honors for themselves and for the noble State which sent them into the field.

The Fifty-eight Ohio proved themselves worthy of the confidence reposed in them. They fought with unabated courage during the day, never yielding, but firmly advancing, pressing the enemy before them. They have my highest esteem for their noble conduct in this battle. Colonel Bausenwein, Lieutenant-Colonel Rempel, and Major Dister, of this regiment, were conspicuous for their coolness and bravery throughout the day. Ever exposed to imminent danger, they readily performed every duty and handled their regiment most admirably.

Most honorable mention is due to Surg E. B. Harrison, of the Sixty-eighth Ohio, surgeon of the brigade, and to William McClellan, assistant surgeon of the First Nebraska, for their prompt attention to the wounded. They labored at the hospitals with ceaseless devotion for days and nights after the battle in administering relief. Their services were invaluable.

i must also express my obligations to the members of my staff-S. A. Strickland, acting assistant adjutant-general; my aides-de-camp, Capt. Allen Blacker and Lieutenant William S. Whittin, and also Lieutenant-Colonel Scott and Captain Richards, of the Sixty-eighth Ohio, and Mr. George E. Spencer, who acted as volunteer aides-for their prompt conveyance and execution of orders in the face of all danger.

i directed the men to lie down when not engaged, and to fire kneeling and lying down as much as possible, and also to take advantage of the ground whenever it could be done. By adopting this course and continuing it throughout the day I have no doubt but that the lives of hundreds of our men were saved.

In conclusion, I may be permitted to congratulate the general upon the part his division took and upon the success which attended all his movements in the memorable battle at Pittsburg.

I have the honor to be, very truly, yours,

JOHN. M. THAYER,

Colonel 1st Nebr., Comdg. 2nd Brig., 3rd Div., Army in the Field.

Captain FRED. KNEFLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.

