
F; Thomas P. Moore, Company H; First Lieutenants M. W. Smith, commanding Company C; Thomas Kremenz, commanding Company A; W. M. Dorrough, commanding Company B; John t. McQuiddy, commanding Company E; Jerome Beers, commanding Company K; Jesse T. Gleason, commanding Company D, I am happy to say, performed their whole duty with credit to themselves and their commands. First Lieutenants L. C. Malbon, Company G; H. C. Moore, Company F;John Goad, Company H; B. F. Walter, and Second Lieutenants M. M. Hurley, Company D; L. P. Berry, Company E; Charles W. Speak, Company F;J. W. Custer, Company I, have my thanks for the able manner in which they supported their company commanders. To our very able and efficient surgeons, Drs. M. Brucker and L. P. Tebbets, to whom on this occasion I fell indebted for their kind and successful treatment of our wounded upon the field and at the hospital. To our acting sergeant-major, Louis A. Fogel, I am much indebted for his promptness in carrying my orders to and fro. And last, though not least, our worthy chaplain, the Rev. John D. Rogers, the good Samaritan, who so nobly ministered to the wants of the dying and wounded, and who busied himself for hours after the battle in seeing that all of our dead were properly and decently interred, can only receive his reward hereafter.

Annexed you will find the list of killed, wounded, and missing.* Very respectfully,

W. L. SANDERSON,

Colonel, Commanding Twenty-third Indiana Regiment.

S. A. STRICKLAND, A. A. A. G., Second Brigade, Third Division.

Numbers 39. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William D. McCord, First Nebraska Infantry.

HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT NEBRASKA VOLUNTEERS, In the Field, near Pittsburg, Tenn., April 10, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to present the following report of the part taken by the First Regiment Nebraska Volunteers in the battle of April 7, 1862, at Pittsburg:

On Sunday, April 6, at about 12 o'clock m., my regiment was moved by order of Colonel Thayer from camp 2 miles west of Crump's Landing, with a view to connect with the forces under General Grant at Pittsburg. We reached the encampment of our troops near Pittsburg about 7 o'clock p. m. Sunday night and bivouacked under a heavy rain-storm. Company G, Captain McConihe commanding, was thrown forward as a picked about 200 yards in advance of the regiment. About 5.30 a. m. the regiment was moved forward in support of Captain Thompson's Ninth battery Indiana light Artillery, occupying a position on its right in an open field immediately in front of a deep ravine and a high ridge beyond. After a short engagement with three of the enemy's guns posted on the ridge in our front we were advanced, by order of Brigadier-General Thayer, driving the enemy before us, and forming a new line of battle one-half mile forward, at which place the enemy opened a most terrific fire of grape and canister on us, killing 1 sergeant and wounding 1 lieutenant and 1 color guard. The regiment was ordered to lie down, or we could not possibly have escaped as well as we did. The enemy was again dislodged. Again we advanced, moving to the right, and forming a new line of battle just under the

---------------

* Embodied in revised statement, p. 102.

---------------

