
brow of hill, within about 150 yards of a large battery of the enemy, which, owing to our position, did us no harm whatever.

The enemy's guns being silence, we were by General Thayer again ordered forward, and formed our line in a field, our right resting on the left of the Twenty-third Indiana. There our regiment opened fire upon a body of the enemy who were charging on our line and repulsed them. Again we were ordered forward, and formed a line in a new direction (the enemy having tried to flank us on our left), opened fire upon the enemy's forces, who were advancing in support of one of their batteries. Here we received the most destructive fire that had yet been opened upon us, losing 3 killed and quite a number wounded, amongst whom were Captain McConihe, Lieutenants Weatherwax, Gillette, Curran, and a number of our non-commissioned officers and privates. The enemy's fire was returned until the men became short of ammunition, when we were relieved by the Seventy-sixth Ohio, Colonel Woods, our regiment marching through his, by the right of companies to the rear into column. Colonel Woods' regiment then took our position, while we retired to a ravine in our rear and replenished our ammunition. The movements of both regiments were conducted and executed as orderly as could be done on the parade ground. After refilling our cartridge-boxes we again advanced to our old position. My regiment was in the action from 5.30 a. m. until 5 p. m., and I am proud to say that it steadily advanced and never receded an inch, being at one time alone engaged with one of the enemy's batteries for about twenty minutes.

I cannot conclude without expressing myself in the warmest terms in praise of the gallant conduct of the following officers: Major R. R. Livingston; First Lieutenant F. L. Cramer, acting adjutant; First Lieutenant. N. J. Sharp, commanding, and Second Lieutenant J. McF. Hagood, of Company A; Captain Baumer, commanding, and First and Second Lieutenants Bimmerman and Lubbes, of Company B; Captain Majors, commanding, and First and Second Lieutenants Berger and Ivory of Company C; First Lieutenant Lee P. Gillette, commanding, and Second Lieutenant Provost, Company D; First Lieutenant S. M. Curran, commanding Company E; First Lieutenant J. P. Murphy, commanding, and Second Lieutenant Fred. Smith, Company F; Captain John McConihe, commanding, and First and Second Lieutenants Weatherwax and Hance, Company G; First Lieutenant L. M. Sawyer, commanding, and Second Lieutenant Clarke Company H; Second Lieutenant Emory Peck, commanding Company I, and Second Lieutenant Edward Donovan, commanding Company K, together with the non commissioned officers and privates engaged in this hard-fought battle. Particularly do I present to your notice Major R. R. Livingston, and First Lieutenant F. L. Cramer, acting adjutant of the regiment, whose efficiency in carrying orders and otherwise aiding me is worthy of all praise; also Dr. William McClellan, assistant surgeon, who most promptly and kindly attended to the wounded, rendering them the most signal service, and receiving all the most glowing encomiums for his celerity and skill, rendering aid alike to friend and foe.*

I have the honor to be, colonel, your most obedient servant,

WM. D. McCORD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. First Regimenst Nebraska Volunteers.

S. A. STRICKLAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 102.

---------------

