
Numbers 40. Report of Colonel valentine Bausenwein, Fifty-eighth ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTY-EIGHTH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS, camp near Pittsburg, Tenn., April 10, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to present herewith a report of the part which the Fifty-eighth Regiment took in the battle of the 7th instant, near Pittsburg, Tenn. The Fifty-eighth Regiment, belonging to the Third Division, Major General Lewis Wallace, Second Brigade, Colonel J. M. Thayer, First Nebraska, commanding was stationed on the left shore of the Tennessee River. Sunday, the 6th of April, in the morning, we received orders to be ready for marching at a moment's notice. At 12 o'clock m. the whole brigade moved forward. We marched all the afternoon in quick-time through ravines and and swamps until we arrived, about an hour after dusk, at a point a mile south of pittsburg Landing. The enemy being only about three-quarters of a mile distant, no fires were made, and the regiment laid on their arms all night. With daylight the firing commenced, and our regiment received orders to fall into line of battle. The Fifty-eighth was first posted in the rear of the First Nebraska, but after leaving the woods and reaching open ground we fell in the line of the First Nebraska, and in that position we advanced all day, the enemy contesting with great valor every inch of ground. Having passed into a large open field we became engaged with the enemy, which lasted some twenty minutes, where I received orders from Colonel Thayer to press forward into the timber. Having passed into the woods and ascending a steep hill we found ourselves opposed to two regiments of the enemy, drawn up in line of battle. We attacked them forthwith. The action continued for nearly two hours. Our men stood their ground bravely. Their ammunition being nearly exhausted, we fell back a few rods to a ravine, for the purpose of procuring a new supply. After procuring it we moved forward into again, when the enemy field. The officers and men of my regiment did their duty throughout the whole day. Especially do I desire to make mention of Lieutenant-Colonel Rempel, Major Dister, and Lieutenant Scheid, acting adjutant (Adjutant Christie being absent on special duty), who during the whole engagement behaved with great coolness, and were always with me in the advance, under the heaviest fire of the enemy.

Our loss is, officers wounded, 2; non-commissioned officers and privates, 39;killed, 10.*

I am, very respectfully, yours,BAUSENWEIN,

Colonel, Commanding.

S. A. STRICKLAND, A. A. A. G., Second Brigade.

Numbers 41. Report of Colonel Charles Whittlesey, Twentieth Ohio Infantry, commanding Third brigade.

CAMP SHILOH, Near Pittsburg landing, Tennessee River, April 8, 1862.

SIR: Of the four regiments Ohio Volunteers constituting the Third

---------------

*But see revised statement,p. 102.

---------------

