
eral Sherman and received his instructions. In a short time the enemy appeared on the crest of ridge, led by the Eighteenth Louisiana, but were cut to pieces by the steady and murderous fire of our artillery. Dr. Corny again took charge of one of the heavy 24-pounders, and the line of fire of that gun was the one upon which the other pieces concentrated. General Sherman's artillery also was rapidly engaged, and after an artillery contest of some duration the enemy fell back. Captain Gwin U. S. Navy, had called upon my by one of his officers to mark the place the gunboats might take to open their fire. I advised him to take position on the left of my camp ground and open fire as soon as our fire was within that line. He did so, and from my own observation and the statement of prisoners his fire was most effectual in stopping the advance of the enemy on Sunday afternoon and night. About dark the firing ceased. I advanced my division 100 yards to the front, threw out pickets, and officers and men bivouacked in a heavy storm of rain.

About 12 p.m. General Nelson's leading columns passed through my line and went to the front, and I called in my advance guard. The remnant of my division was reunited, Colonel Veatch, with the Second Brigade, having joined me about 4.30 p.m.,. It appears from his report, which I desire may be taken as part of mine, that soon after arriving on the field of battle, in the morning, the line of troops in front broke and fled through the lines of the Fifteenth and Forty-sixth Illinois without firing a shot, and left the Fifteenth exposed to a terrible fire, which they gallantly returned. Lieutenant-Colonel Ellis and Major Goddard were killed here early in action, and the regiment fell back. The same misfortune from the yielding of the front line threw the Forty-sixth Illinois into confusion, and, although the fire was returned by the Forty-sixth with great spirit, the opposing force drove back this unsupported regiment, Colonel Davis in person bringing off the colors in which gallant act he was severely wounded. The Twenty-fifth Indiana and fourteenth Illinois changed front, and held their ground on the new alignment until ordered to form on the left of General McClernand's command. The Fifteenth and Forty-sixth were separated from the brigade, but fell into line with General McClernand's right. The battle was sustained in this position, the left resting near my headquarters until the left wing was driven in. The Second Brigade fell back towards the river, and was soon followed by the First and Third, and reunited at the heavy guns. This closes the history of Sunday's battle, so far as this division was concerned.

On Monday, about 8 a.m., my division was formed in line close to the river bank, and I obtained a few crackers for my men. About 9 a.m., I was ordered by General Grant to move up to the support of General McClernand, then engaged near his one camp. With the First Brigade and Mann's battery I moved forward under the direction of Captain Rowley, aide-de-camp, and formed line on the left of General McClernand's, with whom that brigade and battery remained during the entire day, taking their full share of the varied for tunes of that division in the gallant charges and the desperate resistance which checkered that field. I am under great obligations to General McClernand for the honorable mention he has personally given to my troops, and have no doubt that his official report shows the same; and as they fought under his immediate eye, and he was in chief command, I leave this to him.

The Second and Third Brigades went into action elsewhere, and again I am compelled to refer to the report of their immediate commanders,

