
only saying that the Second Brigade led the charge ordered by General Grant until recalled by Major-General Buell, and that the Third Brigade was deeply and fiercely engaged on the right of General McClernand, successfully stopping a movement to flank his right and holding their ground until the firing ceased. About 1 o'clock of that day (Monday) General McCook having closed up with General McClernand and the enemy demonstrating in great force on the left, I went, by the request of General McClernand, to the rear of his line to bring up fresh troops, and was engaged in pressing them forward until the steady advance of General Buell on the extreme left, the firmness of the center, and the closing in from the right of Generals Sherman and Wallace determined the success of the day, when I called in my exhausted brigades and led them to their camps. The ground was such on Sunday that I was unable to use cavalry. Colonel Taylor's Fifth Ohio Cavalry was drawn up in order of battle until near 1 o'clock, in hope that some opening might offer for the use of this arm, and none appearing, I ordered the command withdrawn from the reach of shot. They were not in action again until the afternoon of Monday, when they were ordered to the front, but returned to their camps. Their subsequent conduct will be no doubt reported by the officer who conduct the special expedition of which they made a part. On Sunday the cavalry lost 1 man killed, 6 wounded, and 8 horses before they were withdrawn. The greater portion of Ross' battery were captured on Sunday in the ravine near my camp.

Fort the officers and men of my division I am at a loss for proper words to express my appreciation of their courage and steadiness. Where all did their duty so well I fear to do injustice by specially naming any. The fearful list of killed and wounded officers in my division shows the amount of exposure which they met, while the returns of loss among the privates, who fell unnamed but heroic, without the hope of special mention, shows distinctly that the rank and file were animated by a true devotion and as firm a courage as their officers. Colonel Williams, Third Iowa, commanding first Brigade, was disabled early in the action, of Sunday by a cannon-shot, which killed his horse and paralyzed him, form which he has not yet fully recovered. The command of the brigade devolved on colonel Pugh, of the Forty-first Illinois, who led it steadily and well through the entire battle. Colonel Pugh desires special mention to be made of Lieutenant. F. Sessions, of Third Iowa, acting assistant adjutant-general. My own observation confirm his report,and I recommend Lieutenant Sessions to the favorable consideration of the Department. Colonel A., K. Johnson, of Twenty-eighth Illinois, was under my own eye during both days. I bear willing testimony to his perfect coolness and thorough handling of his regiment throughout the whole time, and to the fact that his regiment halted as a rear guard on Sunday afternoon during the retreat by his personal order and reported to me for orders before he closed into line. Colonel Logan, of the Thirty-second, was severely wounded on Sunday; the lieutenant-colonel of the Forty-first fell about the same time, both in discharge of duty. So great were the casualties among officers, that the Third Iowa Regiment went into action on Monday in command of a first lieutenant. To Colonel Veatch, commanding the Second Brigade, my thanks are due for the skill with which he handled his brigade on detached duty, and I refer to his report for the conduct and special notice of his officers. The Government,as I am informed, has recognized his former services by promotion; if not, he has won it now. Brigadier General J. G. Lauman, commanding the Third Brigade, took com-

