
mand only the day before the battle. The brigade and their commander know each other now. I saw him hold the right of my line on Sunday with his small body of gallant men, only 1,717 strong, for three hours, and then,when changed over to the left, repel the attack of twice his force of a full hour of terrible fighting, closing by the most gallant and successful charge,which gave him time to draw off his force in order and comparative safety. His report renders full justice to his officers, among whom Colonel Reed, of the Forty-fourth Indiana, was especially distinguished.

My own thanks have been personally tendered on the field of battle to First Lieutenant E. Brotzmann, commanding Mann's battery, and to his command. This battery fought both days under my personal inspection. It was always ready, effective in execution, changing position promptly when required, and officers, men, and horses steady in action. Having lost one piece on Sunday, it was easy to distinguish the fire of this battery throughout Monday; in position first on General McClernand's right, then on his center, then on the left, they everywhere fulfilled their duty. I specially recommend this officer for promotion. Captain Mann, of this battery,was unable to be in action. I recommend that the officers of the Thirteenth Ohio Battery be mustered out of service, and that the men and material remaining may be applied to filling up the ranks of some battery which has done honor to the service.

My personal thanks are due to my personal staff. Captain S. D. Atkins, acting assistant adjutant-general, rose from a sick bed, and was with me until I ordered him to the rear. He was absent about three hours, and returned and remained throughout the battle. Lieutenant J. C. Long, Ninth. Regular Infantry, my aide,was peculiarly active, energetic, and daring in conveying my orders under heavy fire. He was fortunate in receiving no wound, although one ball

passed through his cap and one through his sleeve. Lieutenant Benner, my acting assistant quartermaster, acted as aide with great coolness and courage, and had his horse killed under him. Lieutenant W. H. Dorchester joined me as volunteer aide on Sunday, and rendered valuable aid on Monday.

I add statement of killed, wounded, and missing of the artillery so far as reported.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fourth Division.

Captain JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEN.	 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing	 Prisone	 Total

 	 	 	 rs

5th Ohio Cavalry	 1	 6	 ---- 	 ----	 7

Mann's Missouri	 3	 14	 ----	 ---	 17

battery

2nd Michigan	 ----	 4	 ----	 48	 52

Battery

13th Ohio Battery	 1	 8	 ----	 ----	 9

Total	 5	 32	 ----	 48	 85

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 100.

---------------

