
particularize, but commend them to my superior officers, who will do them ample justice.*

Respectfully submitted.

A. K. JOHNSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Fourth Division.

Numbers 46. Report of Colonel John Logan,, Thirty-second Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. THIRTY-SECOND REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLS.

Pittsburg Landing, April 12, 1862

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report:

On the 6th instant, at 8 o'clock a.m., I formed my regiment on the color line of my encampment, and by your order filed in and formed on the left of the Third Iowa, and marched to the first open field on the right of the road. A line of battle was formed, one-half of my command in the field, the other half in the woods, thus marching in line of battle through a skirt of woods to another open field, through which we passed to within 100 yards of the timber. Here our column was halted, and I ordered my men to lie down, and to be sure not to fire till they were commanded, there being no enemy in sight, except some that were filing off to our left . At this time firing commenced on the left of our brigade, all my command following suit except Company B, which was on the extreme left of my regiment. This company fired in a very short time afterwards. I went up to the left and inquired by whose authority the regiment fired. They told me that they fired because the Twenty-eighth did. Captain Pierce, of Company B, told me he fired after the others had fired by order of one of General Hurlbut's aides. I again cautioned them not to fire without command. At this time the horse of Major Hunter was frightened and became unmanageable. The major was thrown, and had to be taken off the field. Here we were ordered by General Hurlbut in person to fall back to the peach orchard, which was done in good order. We were then ordered to fall farther back, and take a position in the edge of the woods behind the fence, which was also done in good order, with a battery on our right and another on our left. I had been notified, however, prior to this time, that you had been disabled and compelled to leave the field; that Colonel Pugh was in command of the brigade.

At this place I went to the colonel and inquired what arrangements there were to supply us with cartridges. His reply was, none that he knew of. He asked me if I was not supplied. I told him, yes; that we had 40 rounds to the man, but that my boys expected to use more than that if the battle continued. Colonel Pugh said that was enough. In this position we remained an hour or more. I frequently cautioned the men to lie flat on the ground, they being in range of the enemy's battery and trying to shell us out. I passed up and down the lines frequently, encouraging the men and telling them not to fire until they had the order, and then not unless they had good sight on a rebel.

At length the enemy advanced in the open field and the order to

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties omitted. See revised statement, p. 103.

---------------

