
the favor to appoint a committee, and with Colonels Pugh and Johnson to examine the battle-field, and obtain such evidence of our conduct as may be had before you make report that will forever ruin us. I fear there is a mistake somewhere, and that you have not been thoroughly informed. It is possible that some one wants

an exude for retiring, and would like to lay it on somebody. From some things you said I am led to believe that Colonel Johnson has had something to do with this thing. We are ready to compare notes at any time. He is the man that caused us to be placed so far to the left that there was no support left us; there was no support right or left in reach, and Johnson withdrew his troops as soon as he was posted, and the men in front of us broke and retreated through our lines, and still there was nothing like retreating without orders.

And now allow me to say, to take everything into consideration, I believe the Thirty-second behaved as well or better than any other regiment on the field that I have heard of. I have only to add that I expect never to behave better in action while I live, and never expect a better set of companies; consequently you need not expect any better work of the Thirty-second than they have done.

Yours, with much respect, &amp;c.,

A. C. CAMPBELL,

Captain, Comdg. Company E, Thirty-second Regiment Illinois Vols.

General HURLBUT.

Numbers 48. Report of Major John Warner, Forty-first Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. FORTY-FIRST REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLS.

Camp, Pittsburg, Tenn., April 9, 1862.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the conduct and actions of the Forty-first Regiment Illinois Volunteers at Pittsburg on the 6th and 7th instant:

1st. On the 6th, at about 7.30 o'clock a.m. the regiment was formed into line by Colonel J. C. Pugh, commanding, and was marched to the scene of action, a distance of about 1 mile, where it was thrown into line of battle on the left wing, at which point the first volley of musketry was received from the enemy at about 9 o'clock a.m. The enemy showing a disposition to flank us upon our left, Colonel Pugh ordered us to fall back a distance of about 100 paces, assuming a new position.

2nd. About this time, perhaps 9.30 o'clock a.m., Colonel I. C. Pugh took command of the brigade, Colonel Williams having been disabled by the concussion of a cannon-ball, and Lieutenant Colonel Ansel Tupper assumed the command of the regiment. A line of battle was then established by Colonel Tupper on a very favorable piece of ground a few paces in the rear of and almost at right angles with the previously-established lines, where the enemy commenced pouring in their deadly fire upon us at about 10 o'clock a.m., which was returned with all the coolness and bravery ever exhibited by any soldiers for the period of about two hours and a half.

3rd. At about 11.30 o'clock a.m., and after the firing had continued

