
unceasingly for about one hour and a half, the enemy again began to show himself upon our left flank, sending deadly volleys along our line. Our men, notwithstanding, showed not the slightest disposition to yield, and with almost superhuman efforts continued to return the fire until the last cartridge became exhausted. Lieutenant-Colonel Tupper having fallen by the effect of a musket-ball, which passed through his temples, and the command having devolved upon myself, I made the condition of our guns and ammunition known to General Hurlbut, commanding division, who ordered the withdrawal of our regiment;in obedience to which I withdrew the regiment, amidst showers of musketry, shot, and shell, in the most perfect order, carrying with us all of our wounded and some of the dead.

4th. After repairing guns and filling cartridge boxes, in obedience to orders I formed a line in rear of our large guns, and from thence moved the regiment to the right, in support of Taylor's battery, where we continued in line, amidst the most terrific showering of canister, shot, and shell, until some time after dark, when the firing ceased, and the regiment went into bivouac until Monday morning the 7th, in command of Captain Nale, ranking captain present. In consequence of extreme exhaustion, not having taken my nourishment for three days, and having been confined to my bed one-half of the time for ten days previously, I left the regiment at 9 o'clock p.m. and repaired to the boat-landing for repose.

5th. On Monday morning,at 8 o'clock, the regiment was moved to the support of the right flank, engaged the enemy, and drove him back, where it remained in position until 4 o'clock p.m.,, when, in obedience to orders, we went into quarters.

I am happy in being able to bear testimony to the gallant conduct and unflinching firmness of the officers and men of the Forty-first regiment while under fire. When the last cartridge was hurled and while under their most galling flank fire the Forty-first, notwithstanding, stood their ground until they were ordered from the field. The brave Lieutenant-Colonel Tupper has fallen, and he died as heroically as ever died the brave. During the morning of the 6th he cheerfully exposed himself to danger that he might ascertain the more certainly the true position of the enemy, and, having done this, seemed anxious only to secure the safest and most effective position of the regiment, the command of which devolved upon him at the time by the absence of Colonel Pugh, who had command of the brigade. During the engagement he rode along the line several times, cheering his men and infusing his own spirit into the troops, which he succeeded in doing most effectually, the moment he was stricken down by the swift-winged messenger of death up to the time he breathed his last he was in a state of entire unconsciousness. Captains Oglesby and Huffer, who both fell near the same time, died, as brave men, at their posts. In the death of these three officers the regiment has sustained a very great loss.*

Very respectfully, I am, your obedient servant,

JOHN WARNER,

Major, Commanding Forty-first Illinois Volunteers.

M. F. KANAN,

Actg. Asst., Adjt. Gen., Brigadier Fourth Div., Army of the Tenn.,

---------------

*Nominal list omitted; but see revised statement, p. 103.

---------------

