
fell back, and fought gallantly throughout the day. Having been compelled to fall back with my command, my line was speedily reformed, and we again moved forward, and took a strong position on the brow of the hill, our right resting on General McClernand's left. Here we held the center for a length of time, while the battle was hot on the right and left of us and engaged our skirmishers; but our position being too strong to be easily driven back, he moved a heavy body to the left and attempted to get in our rear. This movement being perceived by Major-General McClernand, he ordered me to fall back across a ravine in my rear and to form a new line with his forces. This was promptly done, and I formed my brigade on General McClernand's left, as directed by his aide, by front toward his right. We held this position but a short time till the enemy was found moving in my rear. I took a new position by changing front to the rear on the right and extending the line of General McClernand's left. This movement was warmly approved by the general. The enemy soon advanced, and the action became spirited. Our men were much encouraged by the strength of our position and our fire was telling with terrible effect. Our forces were eager to advance and charge him, when we were surprised by his driving back the whole left wing of our army and advancing close to our rear, near General Hurlbut's headquarters. A dense mass of baggage wagons and artillery crowded upon our ranks, while we were exposed to a heavy fire of the enemy both in front and rear. My horse, which had been wounded early in the day was now abandoned, and a second horse was killed under me. In getting a third horse I was separated from my command, but I found them a few minutes after falling back in good order, and they were soon formed in line ready for action. General Hurlbut now ordered me to fall back and take position on the road leading to the Landing, near the heavy siege guns, and my brigade rested on their arms during that stormy night.

Early the next morning Captain Kelley, commanding the Fifteenth Illinois, reported to me, and I placed Lieutenant-Colonel Cam,of the Fourteenth Illinois, in command of that regiment. About 10 o'clock I received the order of General Hurlbut to move forward and hold my brigade as a reserve on the right. We moved up within close supporting distance of our forces on the right and remained in position till noon, when General McCook sent a request that I should move to the left and close a part of the line left exposed by the forward movement of our troops. This change of position brought us up to Colonel Ross' headquarters, where we remained awaiting orders till in the afternoon. Major-General Grant now ordered me forward to charge the enemy. I formed my brigade in column of battalions, and moved forward in double-quick through our deserted camps and to the thick woods beyond our lines in pursuit of the retreating enemy, following him until we were in advance of our other forces and were ordered to fall back by General Buell. In this charge the men exhibited great spirit and moved in a manner worthy of the highest admiration. It was made at the right moment to preserve the flank on the right and to prevent the enemy from taking advantage of our broken lines.

The limits of this report will not allow me to mention the many acts of bravery and good conduct of officers and men. For these I must refer to the reports of the regimental commanders, herewith submitted. So far as they came within my personal observation their conduct was worthy of the highest praise. They went into the fight early on Sunday morning and remained in the field till Monday night, eating but

