
one meal during that time. No complaint was uttered; all were willing to do whatever was required. More heroic officers and men are not to be found in the service. It will not be claiming too much for this brigade to say that but for its determined resistance to the enemy he would have reached the center of our camp early in the day. The field offices behaved with gallantry on every occasion. Lieutenant-Colonel Ellis and Major Goddard,of the Fifteenth Illinois, held that regiment steady under the terrible shock of the first attack on this brigade and yielded not an inch till they fell. They were gallant officers and worthy men, whose places it will be difficult to supply.

Colonel Davis, Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, and Major Dornblaser, of the Forty-sixth Illinois, each displayed coolness and courage in resisting the heavy columns thrown against them. Major Dornblaser was wounded and compelled to leave the field early on the first day. Colonel Davis was severely wounded on the second day while gallantly fighting in Colonel Marsh's brigade and was carried from the field. Lieutenant-Colonel Jones took command, an conducted his regiment with skill and courage till the battle closed.

Lieutenant-Colonel Morgan, of the Twenty-fifth Indiana, was severely wounded in the leg very soon after his regiment became engaged. He was compelled reluctantly to retire from the field. The loss of his services was severely felt by both officers and men. The command devolved on Major Foster, who proved himself every way worthy of it. He was active, brave,and energetic, inspiring his men with courage and confidence. His worthy example was felt by all around him.

Colonel Hall, of the Fourteenth Illinois, led with his regiment that gallant charge on Monday evening which drove the enemy beyond our lines and closed the struggle of that memorable day. In the heat of battle he exhibited the skill and firmness of a veteran.

Lieutenant-Colonel Cam was prompt and ready to execute commands, and rendered valuable service in leading the Fifteenth Regiment Illinois Volunteers on the second day.

Major Morris stood bravely by his colors, was active in rallying his men, prompt in the execution of every order, and always to be found at his post of duty.

I take pleasure in mentioning in the strongest terms of approbation the conduct of my staff officers-Captain Fox, of the Fourteenth Illinois, acting brigade adjutant, and Lieutenant Bruner, of the Twenty-fifth Indiana. They were with me from the opening of the action till it closed, and their activity, courage, and devotion to duty proved their worth, and I recommend them for promotion.

Major John T. Walker, acting brigade surgeon, devoted his whole time to the care of the wounded, and proved himself one of the best and most faithful officers.

The brigade sustained a heavy loss in killed and wounded. A list of the names is attached to each of the regimental reports.

A statement of the total loss is here attached.*

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES C. VEATCH,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Brigade, Second Division.

Captain SMITH D. ATKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Division.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 103

---------------

