
Regiments.	 Killed	 Wounded.	 Missing.

25th Indiana	 23	 103	 13

14th Illinois	 33	 143	 19

15th Illinois	 41	 146	 24

46th Illinois	 27	 138	 16

Total	 124	 530	 72

Numbers 51. Report of Colonel Cyrus Hall, Fourteenth Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. FOURTEENTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLS.

Camp near Pittsburg Landing, Tenn., April 10, 1862

SIR: I have the honor to report to you as follows:

On Sunday morning, the 6th instant, I was ordered to follow the Forty-sixth Illinois, Colonel Davis, which I did until he formed in line on the right of Burrows' battery. I then formed my regiment immediately upon the left of the battery, supposing our line a series of supports to some column in advance. I ordered my men to lie down, conceal themselves as much as possible, and await orders. Very soon, however, I saw the enemy advancing, as skirmishers, and ordered my men to fire. After a very few volleys had been delivered I saw a line of men dressed in blue uniforms in front. Fearing that they were our own forces I gave the order to cease firing, which was obeyed. The artillery was suffering very much at this time. The horses became restive and gave way to the rear, breaking the lines of Company A, who fell back a considerable distance, and were soon joined by other companies of my right wing. The left remaining formed, I rallied those companies and led them again to the line, and engaged the enemy in front, who were quite near us. In this rally I received the prompt, aid of my field officers, adjutant, and sergeant-major, as well as many of the line officers. This position we maintained for a time, receiving a destructive fire from the enemy; but seeing that the right had fallen back, and that we were being outflanked by an overwhelming force, I caused my command to fall back and take position upon the road, forming part of a line of battle already in position. This was effected, under the circumstances, in very good order. This position was soon assailed by the enemy with artillery and infantry, who were pouring in upon the road in front of our right wing. The work was hot, but well sustained on our part. The enemy was observed to be retreating.

My command now commenced advancing, thinking all was going well, when we were assailed upon our left flank, under the cover of heavy underbrush, by an overwhelming number, who poured upon us a most murderous fire, killing and wounding a large number of my men and officers. Seeing it was folly to attempt to hold a position thus exposed, unsupported on the left, being rapidly outflanked, I gave the order to retire, which we did in rather bad order amid the confusion of the moment, but succeeded in rallying a part of my command in a ravine to the rear, where I found Major Foster rallying the Twenty-fifth Indiana. We then moved back together, took a position, and awaited orders. Soon after this we were ordered into position

