
D; John. W. Meacham, Company I; Andrew Simpson, Company H; Lieutenants Charles Opitz, Company A; George A. Poteet and George Wright, Company B; David N. Hamilton, Company C, and Thomas H. Simmons, Company F, were all wounded on Sunday morning, while bravely and gallantly leading band encouraging their men.

Lieutenant Colonel William Cam, Major Jonathan Morris, Adjt. Robert P. McKnight, Sergt. Major Henry M. Peden, also Dr. Stephenson, all proved themselves gallant, brave, and indefatigable officers.

Of the line officers I feel it my duty to mention the following as having distinguished themselves on numerous occasions during the battle:

Capts. Augustus F. Cornman, of Company C; John F. Nolte, of Company A; Frederick Mead, of Company E; Milton S. Littlefield, of Company F; William M. Strong, of Company K; Lieutenants William E. Eastham,of Company C; Carlos C. Cox, of Company D;William Mason of Company K; L. W. Coe, of Company I; Adam Smith,of Company G; --- Gillespie, of Company E, and Erasmus W. Ward, of Company I. Many of the non-commissioned officers and privates distinguished themselves for bravery and daring in the face of the enemy, but the space allotted me will not permit me to mention them by name.*

I have the honor, sir, to be, your humble, obedient servant,

CYRUS HALL,

Colonel, Commanding Fourteenth Regiment Illinois Volunteers.

Colonel J. C. VEATCH,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, Fourth Division.

Numbers 52. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Cam, Fourteenth Illinois Infantry, commanding Fifteenth Illinois Infantry.

PITTSBURG LANDING, TENN., April 10, 1862

SIR: After taking command of the Fifteenth Illinois on the morning of the 7th (Monday) I advanced up the road leading westward from the landing a quarter of a mile or more, and halted until a 64-pounder howitzer was planted in a small field directly in front, where I was posted, a quarter of a mile farther and to the right. After about an hour's halt we moved in double-quick time across the field used before the battle as our review or parade ground. Near the camp of the Fourth Illinois Cavalry we had some sharp firing, but he enemy fled, spiking and deserting three brass field pieces, and we followed. Our skirmishers coming up with the enemy's rear, and he getting two guns, supported by cavalry, into position to cover his retreat, we took shelter on the right of the Fourteenth, on the side of a hill, until supports came up or we could ascertain that our flanks were clear; but being ordered out or ranger of the canister and spherical case, which the enemy threw with the most admirable precision, we retired, and soon afterward came to camp, where we arrived about sundown.

Colonel, I cannot close this brief report without commending the spirit and cheerful obedience of the officers and men whom I had the honor to command. I feel confident that had it not been for the unfortunate loss of their field officers, Lieutenant-Colonel Ellis and Major

---------------

*Nominal list omitted; but see revised statement, p. 103.

---------------

15 R R-VOL X

