
shell in the breast and arm), Adjutant Barber, and myself rallied what men we could, and started in search of the brigade but being unable to find, and having but a little over 100 men, we fell in with parts of other regiments and prepared to meet the enemy.

In this position the enemy advanced upon us with a battery and a superior force of infantry. Had those with whom we had connected ourselves kept their ground I have no doubt we could have maintained our position and kept the enemy at bay, but they ingloriously fled, leaving us alone. Not one of the Fifteenth left until ordered to do so by myself. Several times did we fall in with other regiments,and as many times were we left in the same way. At last we took a position alone behind a rail fence and but a little distance to the rear of our sharpshooters. Here we could have done good execution and maintained our position against superior numbers, but on of our own batteries, mistaking us for the enemy, opened fire upon us, wounding several men. I was absent for a few moments at this time watching the movements of the enemy, and Captain Rogers, who was in command, ordered the regiment to fall back a few rods, at the same time displaying our colors, when our battery ceased firing upon us.

At this time General Grant rode up to us and ordered us to take a position to the left, where there was heavy firing, but ere reaching the position we met several regiments or parts of regiments retreating. We fell in with them and formed another line. Here we were soon deserted again and left to fight alone. After consulting with Captain Rogers and several lieutenants it was thought best to move to the left and join some cavalry we saw on an open field. We had hardly joined them when they were ordered away. Finding it impossible to keep up with them; we filed to the right, in the direction of the Landing, where our forces were said to be. We had marched but a short distance when we found there was a panic among some of our forces. Cavalry, infantry, and teamsters came running by us at the same time, reporting that the Landing was in possession of the enemy. Our men being exhausted and night coming on, it was thought best to move a little under the hill, near where we were, and give the men some rest. Just as we were moving under the hill we were informed that the Landing was in our possession still. We then about-faced, and moved to the rear of the siege guns, near the Landing, where we bivouacked for the night.

On the morning of the 7th we saw General Hurlbut. He informed us where we could find you. We immediately reported to you with about 212 men, many having joined us in the night previous. I believe you have a list of the killed and wounded. All, both officers and men, dead and living, as far as I know, behaved with great gallantry.

With much respect, I remain, yours, &amp;c.,

L. D. KELLEY,

Captain, Commanding Fifteenth Illinois Volunteers.

Colonel J. C. VEATCH.

Comdg. Second Brig., Fourth Div., Dept. of the Mississippi.

Numbers 54. Report of Colonel John A. Davis, Forty-sixth Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FORTY-SIXTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY,Pittsburg, Tenn., April 8, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that on Sunday morning, the 6th instant, at about 7.30 o'clock, the enemy's fire was first heard in my

