
Indiana and Kentucky be proud of them. They have added another bright page to their martial history; and where all behaved so well I find great difficulty in giving to each one the particular notice they so well earned. I must, however, notice a few who distinguished themselves in a pre-eminent manner.

Colonel Cruft, of the Thirty-first Indiana, was severely wounded in the leg and shoulder in the early part of the contest, but refused to leave the field until near the close of the engagement, though suffering much from pain and loss of blood. To Colonel Hugh B. Reed, of the Forty-fourth Indiana, I am under many obligations, not only for his great gallantry, but also for the valuable assistance he rendered me, after my personal staff was disabled, in conveying orders to the different parts of the command. Lieutenant-Colonel Bristow, of the Twenty-fifth Kentucky, in consequence of severe indisposition, caused by the bursting of a shell directly over his head, was obliged to leave the field at an early hour on Sunday morning, when the command of the regiment devolved on Major Wall, who received a spent ball in the breast and another in the leg, causing painful but not dangerous wounds, but continued steadily and bravely in the performance of his duties until late in the evening, when he was force to retire to have his injuries attended to. Colonel McHenry, of the Seventeenth Kentucky, behaved most gallantly during the entire conflict on the second day of the fight (Monday, 7.). In consequence of the injuries sustained by Colonel Bristow and Major Wall he assumed command of both regiments, now much reduced in numbers. Major Arn, of the Thirty-fist Indiana, was mortally wounded on Sunday morning-since dead. A braver or better officer never gave up his life in his country's cause. To my staff, Lieutenant H. Scofield, acting adjutant-general, who received a severe wound in the thigh; Lieutenant Barnes, aide, and to Private C. S. Sherman (whose horses were killed under them), I tender my sincere thanks for the valuable assistance they rendered me in the performance of their duties during this protracted struggle.

I respectfully refer you to the accompanying reports of regimental commander for detailed accounts of the movements, &amp;c., of their several commands.

The aggregate strength of the brigade was 1,727. The entire loss, in killed, wounded, and missing, is as follows:*

Killed Wounded

 Offic	 Enlis	 Offic	 Enlist	 Enlist	 Aggreg

 ers	 ted	 ers	 ed men	 ed men	 ate

 	 men.	 	 	 missin

 	 	 	 	 g

31st Indiana,	 2 	 17	 7	 96	 6 	 128

Colonel Cruft

44th Indiana,	 2	 34	 ---	 # 187	 3	 226

Colonel Reed

17th Kentucky,	 1	 15	 2	 67	 3	 88

Colonel McHenry

25th Kentucky,

Lieutenant-	 ----	 7	 ----	 19	 ---	 26

Colonel Bristow

Total	 5	 73	 9	 369	 12	 468

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. LAUMAN,

Brigadier-General, Comdg. Third Brigade, Fourth Division,

General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT, Comdg. Fourth Division

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 103.

#Officers and men not separately reported

---------------

