
pouring in our fire with the coolness of veterans and driving the enemy before them, but again and again with fresh troops they advanced to the charge. Our ammunition being expended, a part of a regiment was ordered up by you to take our place while our boxes were refilled. In a few minutes we again entered the fight and charged forward far in advance of our former line. Our color-bearer and guard being either killed or wounded at almost the same moment, and two other brave men in succession being shot down, and our flag riddled with balls, Lieutenant Newman, in command of Company H, bore it aloft, but soon fell, mortally wounded. It was again taken by our brave men and carried to the front, both officers and men rallying with heroic courage to its support.

Captain Murray, Company B, Acting Captain George Weamer, and Acting Lieutenant Warren Banta, Company E, fell mortally wounded. Lieutenant Kinmont (acting captain), Company F, and Captain Cosgrove, Company D, were severely wounded. Space will not permit of my mentioning very many instances of personal bravery, nor is it necessary where all acted so nobly.

By this time our cartridges were again expended. Your ordered up the Thirty-first Indiana, which had occupied position as a reserve in our rear, to relieve us. We accordingly moved back in good order, and took position near a battery, by order of General Hurlbut. The enemy tremendous force drove back our lines, when we again changed position to the right, by order of General Hurlbut. Soon after this you rejoined us, and at your suggestion I drew up in line across the road by which the enemy was advancing and opened fire upon him. We were here entirely unsupported, our friends having passed on. I moved my regiment by the right of companies to rear, and retired by the flank to the battery on the hill in our rear, where we again formed in line in support of battery. The enemy made his attack on our left. A fierce contest ensued, in which some of our men were engaged. Night coming on, the enemy withdrew. We advanced our line 150 paces to front of battery, and rested on our arms during the night.

On Monday morning we were relieved by fresh troops. Our men, worn out, hungry, and drenched to the skin with the pelting storm (as General Hurlbut knows full well, having spent the night with us), having been for twenty-four hours without food our rest, a few hours were given them to prepare for the approaching battle.

At about 10 o'clock you again called us into line, the Forty-fourth on the right wing. Our brigade,sadly reduced in numbers, but still ready for the fight, was put in march for the battle-field, and was led by you to the extreme right, to support General Sherman's division, where we arrived at a very opportune moment. We found the enemy charging upon and driving our forces to our left and front over cleared ground used as a drill ground by our troops. I immediately brought my regiment into line and opened fire on the enemy. Our charge took them by surprise. They immediately retreated to their right and rear. Colonel McHenry, bringing up the left wing of our brigade, charged forward in the thickest of the fight, the enemy slowly retreating and returning our fire, their battery also opening upon us. We pursued them for over half a mile. Not knowing the position of our forces, I called a halt. At this moment, seeing General Sherman at a short distance, I rode to him and reported for orders. (You having had your horse shot under you, I was unable to find you.) General Sherman ordered me to not advance farther, but form our line where we were. Our men had become much scattered in the pursuit of the enemy, leav-

