
ing us but a small force; and fresh regiments coming up to our support-amongst them the gallant Thirtieth Indiana, Colonel Bass-the enemy were attacked with renewed energy, and after a fierce and bloody contest of half or three-quarters of an hour was repulsed and driven from the field.

During the fight of Sunday and Monday my regiment fired over 160 rounds of cartridges to the man at the enemy. No men ever fought more bravely. Too high praise cannot be given them.

Captain Murray and Lieutenant Barton, Company B; Lieutenant Newman, in command of Company H; Captain Tannehill and Lieutenant Grund, Company C; Captain Williams, Lieutenants Shoemaker and Carey, Company G; Captain Gosgrove and Lieutenant Wayne, Company d; Captain Aldrich, Lieutenants Wilson and Bennett, Company K; Acting Captain George Weamer, Lieutenant McDonald, and Acting Lieutenant Warren Banta, Company E; Lieutenant Kinmont, in command of Company F, and Acting Lieutenants Gunsehouser and Kinmont,of same company; Lieutenant Hodges,in command of Company I, and Lieutenant Curtis, of same company; Lieutenant Birge Smith, commanding, and Acting Lieutenant Ulam, Company A, were all in the thickest of the fight, and no men ever fought more heroically, and justly deserve mention.

I am greatly indebted to Lieutenant-Colonel Stoughton for his valuable aid. There is no braver man. He had his horse shot under him, and was thrown with much force to the ground, in the fight of Monday. And to Acting Major Heath, captain of Company I, to whom too high praise cannot be given for his bravery and devotion to his duties. Adjutant Colgrove had his horse short under him. Nor ought I to forget the bravery and devotion to their duties of our surgeons, Drs. Martin and Rerick; they were with the regiment at all times during the fight, caring for the wounded, and were exposed to the enemy's shot, and both were hit by balls. Lieutenant Wayne and John Frampton deserve mention for their devotion to our flag in Monday's fight.

I cannot refrain, general, from giving expression to my admiration and bearing testimony to the noble and heroic manner in which General Hurlbut and yourself exposed your lives in your constant and unwearied efforts. Each of you were at all times to be found at you posts directing the battle. No generals, in my opinion, ever conducted a fight with more ability or displayed greater bravery.

Our loss in these engagements is 34 killed, 177 wounded, and 1 taken prisoner (taken from hospital.)*.

I am, general,very truly, your obedient servant,

HUGH B. REED,

Colonel, Commanding Forty-fourth Indiana Volunteers.

Brigadier General J. G. LAUMAN,

Comdg. Third Brigadier Fourth Div., Army of West Tennessee.

Numbers 60. Report of Colonel John H. McHenry, Jr., Seventeenth Kentucky Infantry.

CAMP, PITTSBURG, TENN., April -, 1862

GENERAL: My regiment was ordered into line early on Sunday, 6th instant, upon a sudden and unexpected attack which had been made

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 103.

---------------

