
the enemy, which resulted in driving them back, and gave the victory glorious and dearly bought, once more to the beloved flag of our country.

During the terrible fire to which my regiment, together with your remnant of a brigade, was repeatedly subjected on the 7th, we were in close proximity to the Forty-fourth Indiana Regiment, Colonel H. B. Reed commanding,and I cannot refrain from expressing my admiration of the gallant conduct of that regiment, and the bravery, coolness, daring, and judgment, of its brae commander. Lieutenant-Colonel Stout, on account of an extremely painful but not dangerous wound in the arm, received in the gallant devotion to his duty on the 6th, at my urgent request did not go with the regiment on the second day. Major Isaac Calhoon was during both of these two eventful days to be found at all times where his duty called him, fearless and bold in the discharge of it. Both of these officers' horses, as well as that of my own, were wounded by musket-balls from the enemy on the 6th. Captain Robert Vaughan, Company I, after having fought bravely during the whole day, was severely wounded on the evening of the 6th. Captain Davidson, Company B, behaved with his usual coolness and courage with his excellent lieutenant, Byers, executing all orders upon the field with zeal and devotion to the cause.

Lieutenant Keith, in command of Company G; Lieutenant Nall, Company F; Sergeant Lendrum, Company H; Lieutenant Brown, Company K; Captain Beckham, Company C; Captain Hudson, Company D; Lieutenants Campbell, Bratcher, Ferguson, Little, Heston, and Adjutant Starling were to be found constantly at their posts on the 6th, with their respective commands, cheering, encouraging, and sustaining the gallant soldiers of the Seventeenth Kentucky Regiment, who now mourn the loss in killed and wounded out of their reduced ranks of eighty-eight of their comrades.*

Very respectfully,

JOHN H. McHENRY, JR.

Colonel Seventeenth Regiment Ky. Vols., Third Brigadier Fourth Div.,

Brigadier General J. G. LAUMAN,

Commanding Third Brigade, Fourth Division.

Numbers 61. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin H. Bristow, Twenty-fifth Kentucky Infantry.

HDQRS. TWENTY-FIFTH REGIMENT KENTUCKY VOLS.,

In Camp, near Pittsburg Landing, April 9, 1862

GENERAL: In obedience to your order I have the honor to report herewith a list of casualties to this regiment in the recent engagement with the enemy at this place.*

About 7 o'clock on the morning of the 6th heavy and rapid firing of artillery and musketry was heard to our front, and in a few minutes we received orders to form in line of battle in front of our camp. This order was obeyed with a coolness and promptitude highly creditable to officers and men, and immediately our regiment, about 200 strong, took

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties omitted; but see revised statement, p. 103

---------------

