
Numbers 62. Report of Major William B. Wall, Twenty-fifth Kentucky Infantry.

HDQRS. TWENTY-FIFTH REGIMENT KENTUCKY VOLS.

In Camp, near Pittsburg Landing, April 10, 1862

GENERAL: In obedience to your order I respectfully submit the following as a supplemental report to Lieutenant Colonel B. H. Bristow's, sent to your headquarters on yesterday:

Colonel Bristow having reported up to within a few minutes before your brigade became generally engaged in the action, I will only give those incidents occurring after he was taken off the field.

About one hour after we had been marched to the field occupied by us in the commencement of the engagement the explosion of a shell near and over Colonel Bristow's head rendered him insensible the remainder of the day. His hearing is seriously,and I fear permanently, injured, and the spinal column injured. I had him removed from the field, and took command of the regiment. About fifteen or twenty minutes after this the whole brigade was engaged in the terrible conflict that ensued afterwards. It is unnecessary for me to call your attention to the gallant and daring conduct of the officers and men under my command, for you were an eye-witness to the coolness and courage with which our men receive and returned the enemy's fire. You also witnessed the destructive fire poured into the two rebel regiments of infantry that aimed to cross the filed opposite our line by the Twenty-fifth and Seventeenth Kentucky Regiments, whilst they were at the same time attempting to force their way through your right by breaking through the Thirty-first and Forty-fourth Indiana Regiments. After we had maintained our position at this point and were left by you to the support of General---'s division, you witnessed the scene that occurred at that point and how your entire brigade acted.

In the evening, about 4 o'clock, I received two shots-one in the thigh and one int he foot-but were very slight. At about 4.30 o'clock I received a Minie ball in the right breast, which was more serious, but not dangerous, but which so weakened me that I was compelled to surrender the command the remainder of the day to Captain B. T. Underwood, the senior captain of the regiment. Early in the action my horse was shot, and I was on foot the balance of that day, and was so much exhausted that I could not get to camp without assistance. Our entire loss in 6 killed and 26 wounded.* There are but few wounded but what will recover.

I respectfully ask the privilege of stating the names of the commanders of our several companies, as I deem it but justice to them, and from the fact that some of our companies were represented by regimental appointment:

Company A, B. T. Underwood, captain; Company B, John V. Boyd, first lieutenant; Company C, D, M. Claggett, captain; Company D, Albert R. Shackelford, first lieutenant; Company E, James W. Anthony, captain Company F, Frank H. Bristow, first lieutenant; Company G, William S. Johnson (by regimental appointment); Company K, R. C. Sturgis, first lieutenant.

Captain Cooper was severely wounded at Fort Donelson, and unable to take command of his company; Captain Campbell, of Company D, had resigned and gone home; Captain Tribble, of Company G, had also resigned and gone home; Captain Holloway, of Company K, was

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 103.

---------------

