
taken with typhoid fever soon after the battle of Fort Donelson and sent home on sick furlough. I feel proud to say that I do not believe there is a more gallant and brave combination of company officers in the Union Army than those herein named, and as such I especially recommend them to your favorable consideration.

I was not in the action of Monday, the 7th instant, and cannot therefore speak of what occurred on that day.

In conclusion, general, allow me, on behalf of the officers and men of this regiment, to express to you their warmest gratitude and highest admiration for the coolness and daring displayed by you when leading us through the trying scenes of the 6th and 7th.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. WALL,

Major, Twenty-fifth Kentucky Volunteers.

Brigadier-General LAUMAN,

Commanding Third Brigade, Fourth Division.

Numbers 63. Report of Lieutenant Cuthbert W. Laing, Second Michigan Battery.

On Sunday morning, about 6 o'clock, heavy firing was heard, that seemed to be some distance from us. Half an hour after it was much nearer. All were then ordered to turn out. We were soon ready, and started in the direction. After going about a mile, took position in an open field and immediately opened fire upon the enemy, whose line of battle could be seen very distinctly. We remained in that position but a few minutes, being ordered to retire and let the infantry advance, who were in line immediately behind us. We soon advanced again, and came into battery very near the same place, which we held for nearly an hour.

Meanwhile the Thirteenth Ohio Battery had formed on our right and a little in advance. They had just got unlimbered when one of their

caissons was shivered to pieces, and the horses on one of the guns took fright and ran through our lines. All then left the battery without having fired a shot. Two of our sergeants went to the spot and cut a number of the horses loose. Our battery then fell back though an orchard and ceased firing for about twenty minutes.

General Hurlbut then told us to advance again and bear to the right. This brought us into a level, open field. Held this position for about an hour and a half, during which time Lieutenant Arndt had his horse shot under him and Lieutenant Bliss' horse wounded; also two team horses on gun shot and two cannoneers wounded. The enemy's fire was now so hot we were obliged to retire. We soon advanced again still farther to the right, running up a narrow road, and came into battery beside a log house; it was an elevated spot and very much exposed. We here silenced the enemy's six-gun battery.

We had been there but a short time when the general sent one of his aides, ordering ne section of our battery to move up and support the left. We remainder in this position about half an hour, when a shot got wedged in the Parrott gun and could not be got out. Not having any wormer, the captain ordered me to retire with it. Sent one of the sergeants to camp for another wormer. I now lost two more horses and a driver wounded.

Lieutenant Nash, of the First Missouri, now came up with his sec-

