
tion of 20-pounder Parrotts. He went to the left, where our battery was. At the same time I advanced with the Parrott gun,having got the shot out. I had not gone far when our forces began to fall back. Turned around, as I had only four horses left, and waited here until the captain came up, and we fell back together. We next came into battery near our camp, the enemy driving our left at a run. The captain now ordered me to go to our camp, get what horses I could, and retire with my section. I only found four horses that could walk, so that I only got the Parrott away, leaving a corporal to spike the 6-pounder if it became necessary. After running the gun down to within half a mile of the river returned to join the battery, but could hear nothing of them.

I afterward learned from two of our men who managed to escape that the battery was captured about 4.30 o'clock, being surrounded by a body of rebel cavalry to the left and a little in rear of our camp. On Monday morning recovered the 6-pounder.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

CUTHBERT W. LAING,

Lieutenant, Commanding Second Michigan Battery.

No. 64. Report of Lieutenant Edward Brotzmann, Mann's Battery, Missouri Light Artillery.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that on the 6th day of April, at about half past 7 o'clock a.m., I heard a continuous fire of infantry and artillery on the right wing of our army,and in consequence thereof I ordered the battery to be ready to move as quick as possible. About ten minutes after this order by your adjutant, Captain Long, to move on to the front line as soon as the battery was ready. This order was executed by me a few minutes afterwards, and I followed the main road and took position about 1 1/2 miles distant from the headquarters of the Fourth Division, nearer a few log houses, where a Zouave regiment was encamped, which already had left their camp. Here I discovered the enemy at a distance of abut 1,100 yards, in the woods. After having fired a few rounds of solid shot and shell on the enemy I was ordered back to take position in an open field on the right. The enemy planted a battery of six pieces at the outskirts of the woods opposite my battery. As soon as I noticed the enemy's battery I commenced firing. After a heavy firing of about twenty minutes from both sides the enemy did not respond to our fire any longer, and fell back. This moment I used to supply the limbers of my pieces with ammunition from the caissons. During this action I lost one lieutenant, Edward Schuster, who was wounded severely in the left army by piece of shell, and 4 men-1 killed and 3 severely wounded-also 8 horses. I sent the bugler back to the camp for 6 horses, with drivers, for replacing the loss.

As soon as I got the supply of horses and drivers, which were taken from the field forge, the enemy's battery reopened their fire at us again, and I took a position in the same field where I was before, a little more to the left. After firing for some time at the enemy's battery, Lieutenant Wandelin Meyer, of my battery, was wounded in the head by the explosion of an enemy's shell, so that from this time I was the only

