
commissioned officer in command of the battery . I then received an order to move farther to the left, near the log houses, and to silence the enemy's battery. The advantage of this movement was that I could open my fire at the flank of the enemy's battery, which received a heavy loss by my firing, as I noticed the enemy's infantry advancing through the woods on my left at a distance of about 500 yards, which compelled me to change my front to the left and to open fire with canister at the enemy's infantry. Being at that time in a cross-fire, the artillery from the right and the infantry from the front, I sustained a heavy loss of men and horses, and I only retired when our infantry retreated. Two wheel-horses of the second piece were wounded severely, and also the middle driver, which compelled me to leave that piece, a 6-pounder gun, behind,; also two caissons, but without ammunition, on which partially the horses were killed and taken to replace the disabled horses on the pieces, were left at this place, so that from this time my battery consisted of three pieces and two caissons. I then retired (being nearly out of ammunition) to the main road, and having a supply of reserve ammunition at the camp, I sent the two caissons back to get it. Our forces were retiring then continually, and I had no alternative but to retire with them.

In retiring through a slough one of the two caissons, on which the number of horses was already reduced to four, had to be abandoned, in consequence of the enemy's cavalry pressing closely upon us and the ground not being favorable to open fire on them. Afterward I took position in line with the heavy guns where the last stand of our troops was made, expending mostly all my ammunition which I had on hand, and receiving then the order from General Hurlbut to retire with the battery to get a fresh supply of ammunition, which I did by pressing a wagon and taking the necessary ammunition, from the steamer Rocket. I overlooking the battery I found that the loss of wounded and killed on this day was 2 lieutenants, 12 men, and about 30 horses. The number of rounds of ammunition expended this day is about 190 each piece; total, 760 rounds.

On Monday morning, hearing heavy firing on the right of our army, I moved on with the battery to that direction, when I was ordered by one of the aides of General Hurlbut to take position on a hill where two of our batteries were already firing at two of the enemy's battery after about fifteen minutes. Having only one caisson, so that I could carry only a small amount of ammunition, I was compelled to retire a few hundred yards and to send back my first sergeant for getting a supply of ammunition, which he did. After having packed said ammunition I advanced again to the open field close to our infantry, who were having a heavy skirmish with the enemy in the woods, but the ground being not favorable to come in with the battery without injuring our own men, I was ordered to remain inactive, waiting for an opportunity. About fifteen minutes afterwards I was ordered to the left on the edge of an open field, when I came in battery and commenced firing at the enemy.

Being again out of ammunition I had retired to get a supply again, which was sent already to my battery from the steamer Rocket. It was pretty late in the afternoon and the firing had mostly ceased, when I reported to Captain Long for orders, who ordered me to go camp. During this day 3 men of my battery were severely bruised by the overturning of one gun-carriage. The amount of ammunition expended this day was about 120 rounds each piece; having only three pieces, it

