
makes a total of abut 360 rounds. The whole amount yesterday was 760. Total amount expended during the whole action about 1,120 rounds.

The total loss of the battery during the whole action is 2 lieutenants wounded, 3 men killed and 12 men wounded, 34 horses, 7 sets of lead and 4 sets of wheel harness for two horses, 6 cavalry sabers, 2 revolvers, 39 horse blankets, 2 riding saddles,and 1 wheel. Many of the drivers lost their baggage when their horses were killed, and the baggage was packed in the valise on their horses.

The conduct of the officers and men under my command was admirable during the two days' fighting, and all the men have done their duty as well as ever it can be expected from a brave soldier.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. BROTZMANN,

First Lieutenant, Comdg. Mann's Battery, Missouri Vols.

General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Fourth Division.

Numbers 65. Report of Brigadier General William T. Sherman, U. S. Army, commanding Fifth Division.

HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION

Camp Shiloh, April 10, 1862

SIR: I have the honor to report that on Friday, the 4th instant, the enemy's cavalry drove in our pickets posted about a mile and a half in advance of my center, on the main Corinth road, capturing 1 first lieutenant and 7 men; that I caused a pursuit by the cavalry of my division, driving them back about 5 miles and killing many.

On Saturday the enemy's cavalry was again very bold, coming well down to our front, yet I did not believe that he designed anything but a strong demonstration.

On Sunday morning early, the 6th instant, the enemy drove our advance guard back on the main body, when I ordered under arms my division and sent word to General McClernand asking him to support my left; to General Prentiss, giving him notice that the enemy was in our front in force, and to General Hurlbut, asking him to support General Prentiss. At that time (7 a.m.) my division was arranged as follows; First Brigade, composed of the Sixth Iowa, Colonel J. A. McDowell; Fortieth Illinois, Colonel Hicks; Forty-sixth Ohio, Colonel Worthington,and the Morton Battery, Captain Behr, on the extreme right, guarding the brigade on the Purdy road over Owl Creek. Second Brigade, composed of the Fifty-fifth Illinois, Colonel D. Stuart; Fifty-fourth Ohio, Colonel T. Kilby Smith, and the Seventy-first Ohio, Colonel Mason, on the extreme left, guarding the ford over Lick Creek. Third Brigade, composed of the Seventy-seventh Ohio, Colonel Hildebrand; Fifty-third Ohio, Colonel Appler, and the Fifty-seventh Ohio, Colonel Mungen, on the left of the Corinth road, its right resting on Shiloh Meeting-House. Fourth Brigade, composed of the Seventy-second Ohio, Colonel Buckland; Forty-eighth Ohio, Colonel Sullivan, and Seventieth Ohio, Colonel Cockerill, on the right of the Corinth road, its left resting on Shiloh Meeting-House. Two batteries of artillery (Taylor's and Water-

