
treating masses of the enemy, but the following day we followed up with Buckland's and Hildebrand's brigades for 6 miles, the result of which I have already reported.*

Of my personal staff I can only speak with praise and thanks. I think they smelt as much gunpowder and heard as many cannon-balls and bullets as must satisfy their ambition. Captain Hammond, my chief of staff, though in feeble health, was very active in rallying broken troops, encouraging the steadfast, and aiding to form the lines of defense and attack. I recommend him to your notice. Major Sanger's intelligence, quick perception, and rapid execution were of very great value to me, especially in bringing into line the batteries that co-operated so efficiently in our movements. Captains McCoy and Dayton, aides-de-camp, were with me all the time, and acting with coolness, spirit, and courage. To Surgeon Hartshorn and Dr. L'Hommedieu hundreds of wounded men are indebted for kind and excellent treatment received on the field of battle and in the various temporary hospitals created along the line of our operations. They worked day and night, and did not rest till all the wounded of our own troops, as well as of the enemy, were in safe and comfortable shelter. To Major Taylor, chief of artillery, I feel under deep obligations for his good sense and judgment in managing the batteries, on which so much depended. I inclose his report and indorse his recommendations. The cavalry of my command kept to the rear and took little part in the action, but it would have been madness to have exposed horses to the musketry-fire under which we were compelled to remain from Sunday at 8 a.m. till Monday at 4 p.m. Captain Kossak, of the Engineers, was with me all the time, and was of great assistance. I inclose his sketch of the battle-field, #which is the best I have seen, and will enable you to see the various positions occupied by my division, as well as of the others that participated in the battle. I will also send in during the day the detailed reports of my brigadiers and colonels, and will indorse them with such remarks as I deem proper.

I am, with very much respect, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fifth Division.

Captain JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General to General Grant.

No. 66 Report of Colonel John A. McDowell, Sixth Iowa Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, FIFTH DIVISION,Camp, Shiloh, Tenn., April 9, 1862

At the first alarm of the enemy's attack, Sunday, the 6th, the line of the First Brigade was formed, as per previous orders, to hold the Purdy road and the right front. Two companies of the Sixth Iowa were detached to defend the bridge crossing Owl Creek and one of the 12-pounder howitzers of the Morton Battery placed to command the crossing on the hill at the right of our encampment. About 8 o'clock the line was

---------------

*To appear in proper sequence, post.

#Not found.

---------------

