
military education and experience were of every importance to me. Comprehending at a glance the purpose and object of every movement of the enemy, he was able to advise me promptly and intelligently as to the disposition of my men. He was cool, observant, discreet, and brave, and of infinite service to me. Adjt. Charles Loomis, of the Fifty-fourth, who was my only aide discharged his duties with the utmost promptness and gallantry. He was intelligent, brave, and is a very meritorious officer.

It is my duty to make special mention of Adjutant Hart, of the Seventy-first Regiment, who, having lost his own regiment, sought a place in the ranks of the Fifty-fifth, and with 17 men of that regiment fought there bravely from first to last. Every captain in the Fifty-fifth did his duty, with one disgraceful exception, and he is under arrest. The same is true of the lieutenants,with one exception,and he also is arrested.

The following named officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates are reported to me by Lieutenant-Colonel Malmborg as meriting notice especially:

Captain Wright, Co. F, who was wounded; Captain Heffernan, Co. H; Captain Chandler, Co. D; Captain Slattery, Co. I; Second Lieutenant E. C. Lawrence Co. B. who was wounded;Second Lieutenant Hodges, Co. C, killed ; Second Lieutenant J. R. Roberts, Co. D; First Lieutenant Weldon, Co. H. badly wounded;; Second Lieutenant Aagessen, Co. H. badly wounded; First Lieutenant Crooker, Co. I, badly wounded;; Sergeant Glass, Co. A; Corporal Williamson, Co. A. wounded; Corporal Simpson, Co. A, wounded; Corporal Erickson, Co. A; Private Hebb, Co. A; Sergeant Elliot, Co. B, badly wounded; Sergeant Huntington Co. B;; badly wounded; Corporal Payne, Co. B; Private Sullivan, Co. B; Private Bradford, Co. B; First Sergeant Partch (A. E.), Co. C; badly wounded;; Sergeant Curtiss, Co. C; Corporal Shultz, Co. C, badly wounded; Corporal Oliver, Co. C; Private Mahan, Co. C, badly wounded; Private Kettleson, Co. C., badly wounded; Sergeant Smith, Co. D, badly wounded; Sergeant Greer, Co. D badly wounded; Corporal Knapp, Co. D badly wounded; Corporal Harrell, Co. D, badly wounded; Private Burk, Co. D, badly wounded; Private Rodenbaugh, Co. D, badly wounded ; Sergeant Porter, Co. E, badly wounded; Sergeant Short, Co. E; Corporal Campbell, Co. E; Corporal Merrill, Co. E; Private Arndt, Co. E; Private Boltinghouse, Co. E; Sergt. George Sanford, Co. F; wounded-dead;

First Sergeant Shreves, Co. F. wounded; Corporal Haney, Co F; wounded; Corporal Ferguson, Co. F, wounded; Private Bone, Co. F, wounded; Private Keffer, Co. F, wounded; Corporal Davis, Co. G, wounded; Corporal Newell, Co. G, wounded; Private Hawk, Co. G, wounded; Private Mix, Co. G, wounded; Sergeant McCready, Co. H; Sergeant De Wolf, Co. H, killed; Sergeant Crouch, Co. H. killed; Corporal Richardson, Co. H, wounded; Corporal Healey, Co. H. wounded; Private Adams, Co. H.; Private Beers; Co. H. wounded; Sergt. E. T. Slattery, Co. I, badly wounded; Sergeant Armstrong, Co. I, wounded; Corporal Lynn, Co. I wounded; Corporal Lull, Co. I wounded; Private Peters, Co. I wounded; Private Kimberk, Co. I wounded; Sergeant Kendrick, Co. K. wounded; Corporal Hanthorn, Co. K, wounded; Corporal Rouse, Co. K, wounded.

Respectfully,your obedient servant,

D. STUART,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade

Captain J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

