
unarmed into the field, and that up to the time of our arrivel at this post the regiment had never spent ten hours in the battalion drill Soldiers thus situated are never reliable, and when exposed to the fire of artillery, to which they have no means of replying, are almost always disheartened, if not demoralized. The fact that our loss amounts to one-fifth of the entire force engaged-the actual killed and wounded, certainly known and reported, of over one-eighth-shows that there was no want of personal courage or exposure. The severest loss fell on Company K, Captain Bown, who held the log house formerly occupied by the Fifty-fifth Illinois as a hospital until they were cut off by the enemy, losing, killed, wounded and prisoners, more than one-half of their officers and men.

R. MASON,

Colonel Seventy-first Ohio Volunteers.

Colonel DAVID STUART,

Commanding Second Brigade, Fifth Division.

Numbers 70 Report of Colonel Jesse Hildebrand, Seventy-seventh Ohio Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, FIFTH DIVISION,West Tennessee District, Camp, April 10, 1862

I have the honor herewith to submit a consolidated report of the part taken by my brigade in the battle of Pittsburg.

Early on the morning of Sunday, 6th instant, our pickets were fired on, and shortly after 7 o'clock the enemy appeared in force, presenting himself in columns of regiments at least four deep. He opened upon our camp a heavy fire from infantry, which was immediately followed by shell. Having formed my brigade in line of battle I ordered an advance. The Seventy-seventh and Fifty-seventh Regiments were thrown forward to occupy a certain position, but encountered the enemy in force within 300 yards of our camp. Unfortunately we were not supported by artillery, and consequently were compelled to retire under cover of our camp, the engagement becoming general along the entire front of my command.

A battery having been brought to support our right, the Fifty-seventh and Seventy-seventh Regiments stood side by side for four hours, contending with a force of not less than four to one.* The battery having been forced from its position, and the infantry, both on our right and left having fallen back, it became necessary that the two regiments forming part of my command should fall back, lest their retreat be effectually cut off.

The Fifty-third Regiment, after forming in line of battle under my order, fired two rounds, and immediately fell back into the woods. It appears from the report of Colonel Appler that, apprehending a flank movement on his left, he ordered a retreat, but subsequently rallied in the rear of the Eighteenth Illinois. This regiment became separated from my command, and its movements throughout the balance of the day were general. The Fifty-seventh, under command of Lieutenant-

---------------

*The nominal lists of casualties in these regiments are embodied in revised statement,p. 104; but see also division return, p. 253

---------------

