
Colonel Rice, united with other regiments during the day, and did good service.

My brigade having thus been broken, I became separated from it, and personally took an active part throughout the day in rallying other regiments and parts of regiments. At one time I had the honor of being named by General McClernand as one of his staff. About 3 p.m. I assumed command of a regiment already formed, composed of fragmentary regiments. I marched in a northwestern direction, where I aided a regiment of Sharpshooters in defeating the enemy in an attempt to flank our rear. I passed the night on the battle-field, in company with Colonels Buckland, Cockerill, Rice, and other officers.

On Monday morning I collected my brigade as far as practicable and marched to a point near the field of battle, forming near the rear, holding my force in readiness to enter into action whenever ordered. We remained in this position until the enemy retreated and the victory achieved.

On the 8th instant,in obedience to your orders, I marched my brigade, attended by a large cavalry force, also by Colonel Buckland's brigade, to a point about 4 miles on the Corinth road, then, bearing left about half a mile,halted in an open field. Skirmishers were sent forward, who discovered rebel cavalry in considerable force. The skirmishers immediately fired upon the enemy, when the Seventy-seventh, under Lieutenant-Colonel De Hass, was ordered up to support them. Soon after forming in line of battle a large body of cavalry made a bold and dashing charge on the skirmishers and whole regiment. So sudden and rapid was the charge, shooting our men with carbines and revolvers, they had no timed to reload or fix bayonets,and were forced to fall back under cover of our cavalry. Unhappily the cavalry were not sufficiently near to render assistance. The rebel cavalry literally rode down the infantry. We sustained a loss in killed, wounded, and missing of 57 men. Nineteen were killed on the spot, 30 wounded and the balance missing. Captains A. W. McCormick and A. Chandler and other officers, are of the number missing. Second Lieutenant Hanson Criswell is also among the number.

Having buried the dead and removed the wounded, I returned with my brigade to camp on the same evening before 10 o'clock. I submit tabular statements of the number killed, wounded, and missing from the regiment.

Of the officers and men who participated in the battle of Pittsburg and the affair of Tuesday I am happy to bear testimony to the fidelity, bravery and devotion of all. A few retired without orders, but generally all acquitted themselves with credit.

Major B., D. Fearing and Lieutenant Colonel W. De Hass behaved well, and exhibited much judgment,as well as bravery. Major Fearing had immediate command of the regiment, and acquitted himself with as much skill, bravery, and military bearing as an officer of long experience, and was not excelled by any field officer who came under my observation. Lieutenant-Colonel De Hass aided on the field of battle wherever his services could be useful, directing the movement of troops who had not been assigned to positions, assisting batteries to form where the most effective service could be performed,and rendering such other aid as proper and judicious.

It is due to Lieutenant-Colonel De Hass that the disaster of Tuesday is not responsible to him. He did his best to rally the men and behaved with becoming bravery. The Fifty-seventh, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Rice, rendered efficient service. Lieutenant-Colonel Rice

