
Here, in connection with the company officers and the adjutant, I succeeded in rallying the regiment,nd was about to to station them at the crossing of the creek, above the Big Springs, to repel force who were turning the flank of the Fifty-seventh Ohio, when Colonel Appler, by direction,he says, of a staff officer of General McClernand, moved the regiment by the left flank up the ravine and afterward by the right flank, taking position on the hill to the left of Shiloh Chapel, and near the front of General Sherman's headquarters.

The regiment remained in this for some time exposed to a galling fire, which could not be returned without endangering the regiment in front, who were hotly engaged. Colonel Appler here abandoned the regiment, giving again the order, "Fall back and save yourselves." Companies A and F, under command of Captains W. S. Jones and J. R. Percy, with Adjutant Dawes, remained in the front, and soon after became hotly engaged, in connection with the Seventeenth Illinois. This regiment retreating these two companies fell back after them, making as much resistance as possible. They afterwards joined the Forty-eighth Ohio, and with them aided inn repelling the final assault made Sunday evening, and joined me again at night.

When the remaining eight companies of the regiment fell back I became separated from the. When I again joined them they were formed with a portion of the Seventy-seventh Ohio, under command of Major B. D. Fearing.

I immediately assumed command. Shortly afterwards, at the request of Captain Bouton, First Illinois Artillery, moved to a point near the siege-gun battery, where he took position, with my regiment as support. Shortly after,at about 3.30 p.m., Captain Hammond, assistant adjutant-general to General Sherman, rode up and ordered Captain Bouton's battery into position on the front and right. He called upon us to go out and support the battery. I immediately formed my men and marched out, several fragments of regiments near by refusing to go.

Marching out, probably half a mile, the battery halted, and I formed on their left. Captain Bouton opened fire and was answered by sharp fire of shot and shell from the rebel batteries, followed by canister, which killed a number of his horses and rendered his position untenable.

A detail from my regiment, under Sergt. M. K. Bosworth, assisted in drawing off his guns. Remained here during the night, and in the morning were ordered to advance, the Eighty-first Ohio on our left and the Forty-fifth Illinois on our right.

Moved out with skirmishers well to the front for nearly a mile, when our skirmishers, under command of Lieutenant R. A. Starkey and Lieutenant J. W. Fulton, encountered the rebel vedettes, driving them steadily until we reached the edge of the field known as McClernand's drill ground. Here a rebel battery opened upon us, doing but little damage, however, as our men were protected by the conformation of the ground. This battery was soon partially silenced by our artillery, and we were ordered to fix bayonets and charge. My men advanced in good style across the field. Nearing the battery, it was discovered to be entirely abandoned.

The line was halted, and skirmishers sent out in front reported a large rebel force rapidly advancing immediately in our front. They opened a sharp fire upon us, which was returned with good effect. Shells from a battery of our own upon our right and rear commenced bursting over our heads. The rebels, repossessing the battery from which we had once driven them, opened upon us again. The Eighty-

