
first Ohio, upon my left, fell back across the open field. The staff officer who had taken upon himself the direction of the line rode up and twice ordered my regiment to retreat. The second time they fell back in considerable disorder, having to pass the line of fire of our own and the rebel batteries. While engaged in rallying my regiment, upon the other side of the field, General McClernand rode up and ordered me to post them as sharpshooters. Remained in this position until the advance of General Buell's troops across the field to the left closed the day in our favor, when I marched my regiment to the left, through the drill ground of our division, to Shiloh Chapel, where I was shortly afterward joined by the remainder of the brigade.

On the morning of the 8th we were ordered with the rest of the brigade to pursue the retreating army. About 5 miles out a cavalry charge was made upon the Seventy-seventh Ohio, deployed in the advance, resulting in the rout of that regiment and a battalion of the Fourth Illinois Cavalry, their immediate support. We were ordered by Colonel Hildebrand to their support, and advanced at a double-quick,with fixed bayonets, driving the rebel cavalry before us, killing and wounding a number of them and forcing them to relinquish most of the prisoners taken.

Halting here, details were made from my regiment to destroy the rebel camp near at hand, to carry off the wounded, bury the dead, and collect the arms. This being accomplished, we returned to our old camp near Shiloh Chapel. The list of casualties during the 6th and 7th is as follows; Killed, 9; wounded, 44; missing,0.*

Seven men were slightly wounded on the 8th.

Respectfully,

R. A. FULTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel Commanding.

Lieutenant S. S. McNAUGHTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 72. Report of Colonel Ralph P. Buckland, Seventy-second Ohio Infantry, Commanding Fourth Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH BRIGADE, FIFTH DIVISION,April 9, 1862

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the brigade under my command in the battle of Pittsburg:

Between 6 and 7 o'clock on Sunday morning I was informed that our pickets were fired upon. I immediately gave orders for forming the brigade on the color line, which was promptly done. About this time I was informed that the pickets were being driven in. I ordered the Forty-eighth Regiment, Colonel Sullivan, to advance in support of the pickets, which he did, but discovered that the enemy had advanced in force to the creek about 80 to 100 rods in front. I immediately ordered the brigade to advance in line of battle. We had marched about 30 to 40 rods when we discovered the enemy, and opened fire upon him along the whole line, which checked his advance and caused him to fall back. Discovering that he was pushing a column up a narrow ravine, which

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 104.

---------------

