
and 5 privates wounded; the Forty-eighth had 6 privates killed, Colonel Sullivan and a large number of privates wounded; the Seventieth, 2 privates killed and about 10 wounded.

In this action we advanced our line upon the enemy a considerable distance, and my brigade kept up their fire until their ammunition was expended, when we fell back, replenished, and again advanced, but were not afterwards engaged, the enemy being in full retreat. We encamped on Monday night in the camp we left on Sunday morning.

On Tuesday morning, the 8th instant, my brigade, with others, marched in pursuit of the enemy on the road to Corinth some miles, and when a portion of Hildebrand's brigade engaged the enemy mine was ordered into line of battle, and came into line in gallant style, although the men were much fatigued by their labors and hardships during Sunday and Monday. The men were eager to engage the enemy again, but we were not called upon to do so. We returned to camp in the evening.

Lists of the killed, wounded, and missing in the three regiments have been sent you.

As to Colonels Sullivan and Cockerill, I need add nothing more. My report shows that they were always where duty called them, regardless of danger. In the last action at McClernand's camp Colonel Sullivan was wounded in the arm. As to the officers and men under their command, I refer to their respective reports.

Lieutenant Colonel Herman Canfield was mortally wounded on Sunday morning while bravely passing along the line encouraging and cheering the men. He was as brave as the bravest. Too much praise cannot be awarded to Lieutenant E. A. Rawson, adjutant Seventy-second Regiment Ohio Volunteers. His horse was shot under him on Sunday morning, but he continued on foot, bravely performing his duty to the end of the battle. After the lieutenant-colonel was taken from the field Rawson was the only officer left to aid me in rallying and keeping the regiment together, and most nobly did he stand by me through all the vicissitudes of the battle.

The following company officers were distinguished for bravery and good conduct throughout:

Company A, First Lieutenant Henry W. Gifford (severely wounded Sunday morning),and Second Lieutenant Spencer Russell; Company B, First Lieutenant Henry W. Buckland; Company C, First Lieutenant M. T. Williamson; Company D, Captain Andrew Nuhfer and First Lieutenant M. A. Fowler; Company E, First Lieutenant C. Dennis; Company F, Captain Leroy Moore;

Company G, Captain James Fernald; Company H, Captain Wegstein (killed Sunday morning), and First Lieutenant Anthony Young; Company I, Captain Jacob Fickes. Captain Eaton, Company A, Captain Raymond, Company B, Captain Thompson, Company K, Lieutenant Biddle, Company G and Lieutenant Rice, Company F, were sick and unable to go into the action.

I take the liberty to refer to the important services of Surg. J. B. Rice and the assistant surgeons of the Forty-eighth, Seventieth, and Seventy-second Regiments Ohio Volunteers. They labored at the landing among the wounded almost incessantly night and day, taking no sleep for two days and nights. Also the chaplain of the Seventy-second, the Rev. A. B. Poe, who labored with the surgeon during the same time, rendering very important services.

I take pleasure in commending Lieutenant D. M. Harkness, quartermaster, for the energy and good conduct displayed by him in his department during the battle. So many non-commissioned officers and privates

