
other regiments; some others were panic-stricken, and did not return until the battle was over. I believe the regiment will at any time prove itself effective, and trust its conduct in the battle will elicit your commendation.

Lieutenant-Colonel Loudon and Major McFarren gave me their aid and support and displayed great gallantry and good conduct. Each of these officers had their horses shot in the engagement. Captains Brown, Summers, and Wilson discharged their duties in every particular,and proved themselves to be brave, gallant,nd effective officers,and stood with the regiment from first to last. Captain Naylor become separated from the regiment during the 6th, and returned early on the morning of the 7th, and fought with us throughout the day. First Lieutenants Philips (adjutant of the regiment) and Campbell performed their duties in every respect as brave and gallant officers. Lieutenant Drennin became separated on Sunday about 2 p.m. returned to the regiment early on Monday, and performed his duty throughout the day. Second Lieutenants Spurgeon, of B; of E; Nelson, Cooper, Denham, Ellis, and Adams performed their duties to my entire satisfaction. Lieutenant Taylor was wounded early in the action and has since had his right arm amputated, being the only severely wounded officer in the regiment.

In submitting this short report, made so soon after the action, I may have omitted some particulars of small moment, but it is in all respects substantially correct. I will submit a more minute account at some future, day, and speak more fully in reference to individual conduct both as to men and officers.

I desire to call your attention to the fact that, on the morning of the 8th instant, this regiment, under the orders of General Sherman, turned out about 500 men in line of battle, with nearly all its officers, and marched under your immediate direction about 5 miles towards Corinth after the retreating enemy, and returned about 10 p.m. after a heavy and fatiguing march.

You were an eye-witness of the whole of this day's proceedings, and can speak of the efficiency and good conduct of the entire regiment, both officers and men, throughout the entire day.

Respectfully submitted.

J. R. COCKERILL,

Commanding Seventieth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Colonel BUCKLAND,

Comdg. Fourth Ohio Brigadier Fifth Div., Army of the Tennessee.

Numbers 75. Report of Major Ezra Taylor, First Illinois Light Artillery, Chief of Artillery, Fifth Division.

BATTALION HEADQUARTERS,

Camp near Pittsburg, Tenn., April 10, 1862

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the forces under my command in the affair of the 6th and 7th instant:

By instructions from the general commanding the division, the Morton Battery, Captain Behr commanding, was placed on the Purdy road,

