
horses being shot he was compelled to leave two of his caissons on the field, one of which he has recovered.

Instructing Captain Barrett to take up a new position on the left of the First Brigade, First Division (General McClernand's), and taking the responsibility of ordering two guns of Schwartz's battery to take position on their left (Major Schwartz having been wounded and left the field), I had not long to wait before I opened fire again, silencing a battery which the enemy had opened with terrific effect upon them. After five hours' hard fighting in these two positions, having one man killed and several wounded, their ammunition became exhausted,and I instructed them to retire out of range and get a new supply, after which our section engaged the enemy for half an hour, driving him to the corner of the timber.

For casualties I refer you to the official report of Captain Barrett. In regard to the services done by this battery I can only state, from my personal observation on the ground in front of the positions occupied by them during the engagement, I am satisfied that the enemy's mortality list has been much increased by their being there. The bravery of both officers and men of this battery needs not my evidence at this time to establish. I can only say that I am satisfied with their conduct, which must add new luster to their well-earned laurels. Their camp and garrison equipage was completely destroyed, the enemy probably experiencing great satisfaction in capturing anything belonging to Taylor's battery. In regard to Captain Behr, Morton's Battery, I confess I am unable to give you any further information than that I sent a messenger to him in the morning to have his battery ready for action immediately; to which he replied, "All is ready." The next news from his battery was that it was in the hands of the enemy; a consummation which I must regret, and trust that it may soon be recaptured. In the mean time I think he may be supplied with a battery from those captured from the enemy, there being seven guns at your disposal which have been taken from the enemy, together with five caissons and a good supply of fixed ammunition.

I regret that Captain Silfversparre's battery of four 20-pounder Parrott guns have not been able as yet to report with the battery to this field, owing to some deficiency in his horses and other equipage. I understand, however, that he did good service near the Landing on the evening of the 6th instant.

I deem it my duty to make honorable mention of the services of Company A, Chicago Light Artillery, under command of Lieutenant P. P. Wood, on the 7th instant. The battery, not having been assigned to this division, did not properly come under my jurisdiction, but by instructions received from General U. S. Grant and Colonel Webster, I was authorized to take any battery or parts of batteries from the State of Illinois and use them at any point of attack where I could put them to advantage. Consequently I brought them up, and turned over to the general commanding this division Lieutenant P. P. Wood, with four guns, but from some cause he had to send one gun to the rear. How well he served the other three guns I refer you to the general himself, who assures me he never saw guns better served. I have also to mention Captain Bouton's battery of six guns (James rifled 6-pounders), which I found on Sunday, the 6th, anxious to distinguish themselves, and as good fortune would have it I got them a good position near Colonel McArthur's division, where they did most excellent service, driving the enemy from a very commanding position, both officers and men behaving themselves like veterans, notwithstanding they only landed the

