
day previous and their horses had never heard a gun fired. Yet the battery stood its ground gallantly under the fire of the enemy's batteries until they had expended their entire supply of ammunition.

On Monday morning, after taking a new supply of ammunition, I brought them into action again on the hardest-contested portion of the field, near the forks of the road, near General McClernand's headquarters, where the enemy opened a terrific fire from across Owl Creek, which made sad havoc among his horses, rendering them quite unmanageable; yet by a few well-directed shots the enemy's guns were silenced, and he was able to retire out of range and repair damages, and I am proud to predict that with proper time to drill their horses and men the battery will be second to none in the service.

In order to do justice to all I cannot close this report without mentioning Dresser's battery, commanded by Captain Timony, who were put in battery under my direction on Sunday, the 6th, under the most terrific fire, perhaps, that occurred at any point or at any time during the fight. This occurred at the same point on the field, in front of General McClernand's headquarters, where the enemy had a full sweep of the field in front with his batteries and a galling fire of musketry on our left. To say that they fought bravely till their horses were literally piled up, creating a barrier to the retreat of their guns, is a simple statement of facts, and I doubt not the general commanding the First Division will give to them the credit due them. Such bravery cannot but obtain its reward.

Trusting you will not consider this somewhat lengthy report more than is in justice due to those who have sought to do their best to inflict a just chastisement upon these rebellious subjects against the best government under the sun, I have the honors to be, your obedient servant,

EZRA TAYLOR,

Major, Commanding, and Chief of Artillery.

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General Fifth Division.

[Indorsement.]

Have examined Major Taylor's report, and approve his recommendation that the Morton Battery be reconstructed out of captured guns. Also make special mention of Captain Barrett, Company B, First Illinois Artillery, and Lieutenant P. P. Wood, Company A, Chicago Light Artillery; also of Captain E. Bouton, of Company I, First Illinois Artillery.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fifth Division.

Numbers 76. Report of Captain Samuel E. Barrett, Battery B, First Illinois Light Artillery.

HDQRS. COMPANY B, FIRST REGIMENT ILL. ART.

Near Pittsburg Landing, April 10, 1862

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the battery under my command during the engagement at this place on the 6th and 7th instant:

