
We were stationed near the outposts, and on the alarm being given, at about 7.30 o'clock on Sunday morning, the battery was promptly got in readiness, and in ten minutes thereafter commenced firing on the right of the log church, some hundred yards in front of General Sherman's headquarters, where the attack was made by the enemy in great force. The enemy once charged on the battery, but were repulsed with great loss. The enemy, however, succeeded in turning our left flank, and, finding the battery in a critical condition, I retired to the open field occupied by the First Brigade, First Division, and awaited orders which were soon received, to go into battery on the upper end of the field. This movement was promptly executed, and we engaged for two hours a rebel battery (masked) in the camp of the Forty-fifth Regiment Illinois Infantry, suffering a loss of 1 man killed and 3 wounded. As the firing had been very rapid all the morning my supply of ammunition became exhausted, and I retired to an open field some half mile in the rear, where, finding my baggage wagons, I refilled my caissons and gun-limbers. I remained on this field the most of the day following until about 4 o'clock p.m., when I was ordered to move forward and go into battery near the point we occupied when the attack was made on the preceding day, but finding the rebels in full retreat, and being out of the range of my guns, we were not brought into action.*

My camp and garrison equipage was almost totally ruined, much of it being plundered and the remainder destroyed. I beg leave to call your attention to the annexed list of property destroyed and captured by the while in my camp.

Very respectfully, yours,

SAML. E. BARRETT,

Captain, First Regiment Illinois Artillery.

Major EZRA TAYLOR,

Comdg. First Battalion, First Regiment Illinois Artillery.

Numbers 77. Report of Lieutenant John A. Fitch, Battery E, First Illinois Light Artillery.

HEADQUARTERS WATERHOUSE'S BATTERY.

April 9, 1862

SIR: I would respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by Company E, First Regiment Light Artillery Illinois Volunteers, in the action of Sunday, the 6th instant:

The battery consisted of four 3 1/2-inch and two 4 1/2-inch James rifled cannon. We had received our horses ten days previous to the action and had been in camp one week, in which time we had opportunity for drill only three days. Under these disadvantages we went into action. By your order the battery took position at 7 a.m., two sections on a hill to the left and front of General Sherman's headquarters, and one section across Owl Creek, about 150 yards to the front. The section in advance was compelled to retire,and took position to the left of the other sections. At this time the enemy had a strong force in the woods on the left, and another force, supported by a battery, on the right; a column also advanced across an open field in front. The battery held this position one hour and three-quarters, silencing the enemy's battery, when the infantry supporting us on the left gave way and exposed

---------------

*List of casualties embodied in revised statement, p. 104

---------------

