
ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,

No. 13. Steamer Continental, March 17, 1862.

I. The division of General Hurlbut will disembark and establish its camp on a line perpendicular to the road about one mile from the river. After establishing the line details will be sent back to the boats to debark the transportation, stores, &amp;c.

II. The men must be kept to their proper places, and no soldier shall pass the line without being sent on duty by the proper authority. The artillery and cavalry of the command will also disembark and encamp at points designated by the commanding general.

III. General Sherman's division will remain on board transports, and hold themselves in readiness to move promptly in any direction, by land or water.

IV. The boats at the landing will give place to those having on board the division of General Hurlbut, in order to facilitate their landing the troops.

V. No citizen will be allowed to come within the lines, and the guards will be carefully instructed to make prisoners of all found lurking in the neighboring country, unless they are on their own farms and at their own work, when they must be encouraged and protected. Wagons loaded with forage will be allowed to come as far as the lines, but must not come inside the lines.

The Twentieth Ohio Volunteers will also disembark, and encamp on the ridge to the south of the landing.

By order of Brig. General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Abstract from "Record of Events" in Sherman's division for March.*

The division embarked in steamboats at Paducah March 8, and arrived at Fort Henry March 9, and at Savannah, Tenn., March 11.

March 14, disembarked at mouth of Yellow Creek, Mississippi, and sent cavalry to destroy railroad, but the heavy rains had so swollen the streams that the country was impassable.

On the 16th dropped down to Pittsburg Landing, and disembarked and attempted destruction of railroad. Cavalry encountered a force, which was routed, but failed in the undertaking. Division went into camp, extending from the Purdy to the Hamburg road 2 1/2 miles back from the landing, on 19th.

On the 24th, made a strong reconnaissance of Pea Ridge, 10 miles toward Corinth. The division is employed in drill and reconnoitering the country to the front. The condition of arms, clothing, and subsistence is good. Drill improving.

No. 2. Report of Major Elbridge G. Ricker, Fifth Ohio Cavalry,

of expedition against Memphis and Charleston Railroad.

STEAMER DIAMOND, March 15, 1862.

SIR: At 11.30 o'clock p.m., March 14, 1862, with some 400 cavalry, I started to execute your command to destroy the Memphis and Charleston

---------------

*From division return for month of March, 1862.

---------------

