
Captain A. Hickenlooper, of the Fifth Ohio Battery, by his gallant conduct, commended himself to general praise.

My staff consisted of but three officers. Brigade Surg. S. W. Everett was killed early in the engagement, gallantly cheering the Eighteenth Missouri Regiment to the contest. Lieutenant Edwin Moore, aide-de-camp, during the entire battle, was by my side, unless when detached upon the dangerous service of his office. Captain Henry Binmore, assistant adjutant-general, was with me, performing his duty to my great satisfaction, until, being exhausted, I compelled him to leave the field.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. M. PRENTISS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers,

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 79. Report of Colonel Francis Quinn, Twelfth Michigan Infantry, commanding Sixth Division.
HDQRS. SIXTH DIVISION, ARMY OF WEST TENNESSEE,April 9, 1862.

Permit me to submit the following account of the part the Sixth Division of this command took in the battle of Pittsburg on Sunday last:

At 3 o'clock a.m. of that day several companies were ordered out from the First Brigade of this division to watch, and endeavor, if possible, to capture, a force of the enemy who were prowling near our camp. Our brave boys marched out, and had not over 3 miles to go before they met the enemy, and immediately a sharp firing commenced, our little force giving ground.

About daylight the dead and wounded began to be brought in. The firing grew closer and closer till it became manifest a heavy force of the enemy was upon us. The division was ordered into line of battle by General Prentiss, and immediately advanced in line about one-quarter of a mile from the tents,where the enemy were met in short firing distance. Volley after volley was given and returned and many fell on both sides, but their numbers were too heavy for our forces. I could see to the right and left. They were visible in line, and every hill-top in the rear was covered with them. It was manifest they were advancing in not only one but several lines of battle. The whole division fell back to their tents and again rallied, and although no regular line was formed, yet from behind every tree a deadly fire was poured out upon the enemy, which held them in check for about one-half hour, when, re-enforcements coming to their assistance, they advanced furiously upon our camp, and we were forced to again give way. At this time we lost four pieces of artillery. The division fell back about one-half mile, very much scattered and broken. Here we were posted, being drawn up in line behind a dense clump of bushes, when General Prentiss rode up and proposed heroically for us to fight our way back to our tents, but finally gave this up and formed the line for defense where it was.

