
Here occurred one of the noblest and most determined resistances ever offered by an inferior number to an overwhelming foe. The remnant of the division was so posted as to command the road leading from Corinth to Pittsburg Landing on which road were posted two pieces of artillery. Our men were ordered to lie down on the ground, which they did, nor did they have long to wait. On came the enemy, yelling and yelping, and for about then minutes kept up a dreadful and incessant firing,with but little effect, for our men were flat on the ground, and their balls went by mostly harmless. Not so with ours, for the groans and shrieks in the bushes told the destructiveness of our fire. Again they fell back and threw their forces more to our left, and then again came back to our point and repeated just what has been described. It was about 9 o'clock in the morning when the first charge was made upon this part of our lines. About 2 o'clock p.m. a movement being made to outflank us, the line on the left of our division fell back, forming a line at right angles with our division, which still stubbornly held its place. Now a most determined rush was made on the Sixth Division to drive them from their place. Our men were killed at the guns; the horses were shot in the harness; but the rebels dared not venture over the bushes to take or spike the guns, for our boys were pouring into them a most destructive fire. The enemy again retired, and our boys brought the guns in by hand back of the line,and opened a way through the line of battle for them to play, which they did, adding speed to the retreating enemy. In a short time they rallied again, and made another dash at this point, but met with the same result.

Between 4 and 5 o'clock in the afternoon,as near as I can judge, two regiments,its is said, surrendered on the immediate right of our division. General Prentiss ordered me to go and rally some of our men- meaning men of the Twelfth Michigan Infantry, of which regiment there were not over 40 or 50 on the ground,and very few officers. Our major had gone of his own request for this purpose early in the day,but had not returned. I immediately went, but found the fire worse in going on our right and rear than in front. Fire was also being found on our left. At this time General Prentiss must have been taken prisoner. He was a brave man, and cheered his men to duty during the whole day. Where the fight was thickest and danger the greatest there was he found, and his presence gave renewed confidence.

Moore, of General Prentiss' staff, deserves, especial mention. He not only bore orders, but in the most gallant manner assisted to see them executed. He did much to encourage the men, as did also Captain Donnelly as long as he was on the ground. Captain Robert Brethschneider deserters great praise for his coolness and bravery on that bloody day. He added to the fame he had already acquired at the battle of Bull Run. Colonel Peabody, of the Twenty-fifth Missouri Regiment was killed in camp early in the day. He was a brave soldier and a good man. The great numbers of the dead in front of this one position caused remark and astonishment by all who beheld it the following day.

This point was held from 9 o'clock a.m. till 4.30 p.m., amid the most dreadful carnage for a little space ever witnessed on any field of battle during this war. It is no more than just that favorable mention should be made of Colonel Moore, of the Twenty-first Missouri, who fell badly wounded while bravely leading his men on early in the day; and also Colonel Allen, of the Sixteenth Wisconsin, who also received a severe wound in his arm while gallantly conducting his men; and Major Pow-

