
ell, of the Twenty-fifth Missouri, who received a mortal wound whilst doing everything an officer could do to rally and cheer the men to renewed action; nor can I close without mentioning Lieutenants Van Riper, Flannigan, and Graham of the Twelfth Michigan, who were taken prisoners at their posts like brave men, as they had proved themselves during the whole action.

Your obedient servant,

F. QUINN,

Colonel Twelfth Mich. Inft. Acting Commander Sixth Division.

Numbers 80. Report of Colonel David Moore, Twenty-first Missouri Infantry (of the First Brigade.)
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIRST MISSOURI INFANTRY,SIXTH DIVISION, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

April 11, 1862

SIR: In pursuance of the order of Brigadier General B. M. Prentiss, commanding Sixth Division, Army of West Tennessee, I on Saturday proceeded to reconnaissance on the front of the line of General Prentiss' division and on the front of General Sherman's division. My command consisted of three companies from the Twenty-first Missouri Regiment-companies commanded by Captains Cox, Harle, and Pearce. A thorough reconnaissance over the extent of 3 miles failed to discover the enemy. Being unsuccessful, as stated, I returned to my encampment about 7 o'clock p.m.

On Sunday morning, the 6th instant, at about 6 o'clock, being notified that the picket guard of the First Brigade, Sixth Division, had been attacked and driven in, by order of Colonel Everett Peabody, commanding the First Brigade, Sixth Division, I advanced with five companies of my command a short distance from the outer line of our encampment. I met the retreating pickets of the First Brigade bringing in their wounded. Those who were able for duty I ordered and compelled to return to their posts, and learning that the enemy was advancing in force I sent for the remaining five companies of my regiment, which companies having joined me, I ordered an advance and attacked the enemy, who was commanded by Brigadier-General Ruggles, of the rebel army. A terrific fire was opened upon us from the whole front of the four or five regiments forming the advance of the enemy, which my gallant soldiers withstood during thirty minutes, until I had communicated the intelligence of the movement against us to my commanding general.

About this time, being myself severely wounded (the bone of the leg below the knee being shattered), I was compelled to retire from the field, leaving Lieutenant-Colonel Woodyard in command.

D. MOORE,

Colonel Twenty-first Missouri Volunteers.

Captain HENRY BINMORE,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Sixth Division, Army of West Tennessee.

