
I cannot too highly praise the conduct of the officers and men of my command, and of the companies of the Sixteenth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers,who acted in concert with me.

Respectfully submitted.

H. M. WOODYARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Twenty-first Missouri Regiment.

Captain HENRY BINMORE,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Sixth Division, Army of West Tennessee.

Numbers 82. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Robert T. Van Horn, Twenty-fifth Missouri Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIFTH REGIMENT MO. VOLS, FIRST BRIG., SIXTH DIVISION, ARMY OF WEST TENNESSEE,Near Pittsburg Landing, April 9, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor herewith to submit a report of the part taken by the regiment under my command in the battles of the 6th and 7th instant. The regiment occupied the right of the First Brigade, commanded by Colonel Peabody, acting brigadier-general, and had the honor of opening the fight on the 6th, the attack being made on its front at 3 o'clock in the morning. By order of the acting brigadier-general three companies-Captains Schmitz, Company B; Eveans, Company E, and Dill, Company H-under Major Powell, were dispatched to engage the enemy's advance, which was successfully done until reenforced by the Twenty-first Missouri, under Colonel Moore. The fighting now became general and heavy, and I was ordered to support with the whole regiment. The enemy had now reached within the distance of half a mile of the encampment, where they were checked and held until near 7 o'clock, when our force fell back to the line of encampment, where another stand was made. The fighting was very severe until 8 o'clock, when we were compelled to fall back still farther behind our encampments on the division, which had by this time formed in line of battle on an elevation in our rear. My regiment had by this time become badly cut up, but they rallied and took position on the right of the Twelfth Michigan, with the loss of several of my most valuable officers. The fighting now became most determined, and continued with little intermission for three hours. The enemy, being thrice repulsed, finally moved to our left.

It was in this part of the engagement that Major James E. Powell, a most valuable officer and brave soldier, fell mortally wounded, and Sergt. Matthew Euler, color-bearer, was killed, clinging to the staff until it had to be disengaged from his grasp by Sergeant Simmons, who took his place. My command was after this detached to colonel Hildebrand, acting brigadier-general, where it remained, without taking any decisive part in the engagement for the remainder of the day.

On the 7th I was placed with the First Missouri Battery near the river, except one company, under Captain William Millar, who was attached to the Seventh Iowa (Colonel Crocker), where, I am gratified to state, this brave officer rendered efficient service.

I beg particularly to mention Captains Wade, Millar, and Donnelly, and Lieutenants Bradshaw, Newberry, John H. Millar, and Singleton, for bravery displayed in the most trying periods of the fight: but where

