
so many did well it is difficult to discriminate. I mention these as coming particularly under my own observation. I must also be permitted to bear testimony to the distinguished bravery of Major James E. Powell, who fell in the hottest of the battle, cheering on his men. He was an officer in the Regular Army.

I have to report Surg. John T. Berghoff as missing, but whether a prisoner or not it is impossible to say, as he has been in camp once since the battle. He was at the hospital in front on yesterday, but supposed to be cut off by rebel pickets.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. T. VAN HORN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Twenty-fifth Missouri Volunteers.

Captain HENRY BINMORE, A. A. G., Sixth Div., Army of West Tenn.

Numbers 83 Report of Colonel Benjamin Allen, Sixteenth Wisconsin Infantry.

SIR: Having heard various and conflicting reports in regard to the part taken in the engagement of the 6th and 7th of April by the regiments comprising General Prentiss' division, I deem it my duty to myself and command to submit a statement, which I should have done sooner but for the painfulness of a wound received on the battle-field.

The regiment which I have the honor to command formed the left of colonel Peabody's brigade, and was encamped on the south road leading from Pittsburg Landing to Corinth. On the evening of the 5th four companies of my regiment and two companies of the Twenty-first Missouri, under the command of George K. Donnelly, acting assistant adjutant-general, First Brigade, Sixth Division, was sent by order of Colonel Peabody, on picket duty. At about 5.30 a.m. on the 6th a part of this force discovered some of the enemy's cavalry about 1 1/2 miles in front and to the right of our camp, and while advancing upon them came upon a large force of the enemy concealed behind a fence and were fired upon by them. This was the first fire of the enemy. Captain Saxe and Sergeant Williams, of Company A, in my regiment, were killed, and Colonel Moore, who had just arrived with re-enforcements from the Twenty-first Missouri, was wounded. After firing they retreated followed by our men, but they were soon re-enforced, and our men fell back toward our camp.

At about 6 o'clock I was ordered by General Prentiss to form my regiment and advance on the enemy. This I did, taking my position in a thicket of small timber about 80 rods in front of my camp. After remaining in this position about thirty minutes, waiting the approach of the enemy, I was ordered by General Prentiss to change front to the right, which I did, and in this position received the fire of the enemy, who appeared simultaneously on my front and left flank. We held this position, and delivered our fire with great effect, checking the advance of the enemy on our front, until we were ordered by General Prentiss to fall back, which I did, forming my second line about 40 rods in front of my camp. At this time the regiment on my right and left had fallen back, and we were entirely unsupported by any force. We maintained this position against a greatly superior force of the enemy until again ordered to fall back.

I made my next stand directly in front of our camp. While holding this position I was re-enforced by party of Company A, who were out

