
in the direction of General Prentiss' camp. After marching about 2 miles an officer of General Prentiss' staff ordered us to halt and prepare for action, which was promptly done. As soon as the regiment was placed in position the enemy opened fire on us from a battery at about 400 yards' distance, which continued without intermission for two hours. We were then ordered to change our position and to engage a large force of the enemy who were pressing upon the center, which was done. After a severe engagement at the distance of 25 or 30 yards we drove the enemy back, not, however,without serious loss.

We held the position assigned us until 4 p.m., fighting almost without intermission, at which time we were ordered to change our front to meet the enemy, who had outflanked us. Here we fought until 5 o'clock, driving the enemy back, although they charged us frequently during the time. Again we were compelled to change our position,and soon after this change we were surrounded and fired upon from front and rear by two batteries and infantry. Here there was a most terrible shower of shot and shell. We repulsed the enemy in our rear and determined to try and reach the main body of the army, which had fallen back to the river, and in the effort to lead our now broken forces back the gallant and much-lamented Colonel Tindall fell, shot through the body, after having done his duty most nobly during the day. After retiring about 200 yards we were met by a large force of the enemy and compelled to surrender at about 6 p.m., after ten hours' almost incessant fighting.

Officers and men behaved nobly. I feel it my duty to mention the gallant conduct of Major John McCullough, who displayed great coolness and bravery throughout the day.

Captains Dunlap, Robinson, and Brown, Adjutant Martin, and Lieutenants Munn and Simms were wounded; 30 privates were killed, about 170 wounded, and 375 were taken prisoners.*

This report would have been made earlier, but being a prisoner until very recently, I have not been in a situation to make it.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

QUIN MORTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel Twenty-third Regiment Mo. Vols.

His Excellency H. R. GAMBLE.

Governor of Missouri.

Numbers 87. Report of Major General Don Carlos Buell, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Ohio, with congratulatory orders.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Field of Shiloh, April 15, 1862

SIR: The rear division of the army under my command, which had been delayed a considerable time in rebuilding the Duck River Bridge, left Columbia on the 3rd instant. I left the evening of that day, and arrived at Savannah on the evening of the 5th. General Nelson, with his division, which formed the advance, arrived the same day. The other divisions marched with intervals of about 6 miles.

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties shows 27 officers and 463 men killed wounded,and missing. See also revised statement, p. 105.

---------------

