
forward, silenced the battery, and it was captured by General Crittenden's division, the enemy retreating from it.

In the mean time the division of General McCook on the right, which became engaged somewhat later in the morning than the divisions on the left, had made steady progress until it drove the enemy's left from the hotly-contested field. The action was commenced in this division by General Rousseau's brigade, which drove the enemy in front of it from his first position and captured a battery. The line of attack of this division caused a considerable widening o the space between it and Crittenden's right. It was also outflanked on its right by the line of the enemy, who made repeated strong attacks on its flanks, but was always gallantly repulsed. The enemy made his last decided stand in front of this division in the woods beyond Sherman's camp.

Two brigades of General Wood's division arrived just at the close of the battle, but only one of the (Colonel Wagner's) in time to participate actively in the pursuit, which it continued for about a mile and until halted by my order. Its skirmishers became engaged for a few minutes with skirmishers (cavalry and infantry) of the enemy's rear guard, which made a momentary stand. It was also fired upon by the enemy's artillery on its right flank, but without effect. It was well-conducted by its commander, and showed great steadiness.

The pursuit was continued no farther that day. I was without cavalry, and the different corps had become a good deal scattered in a pursuit over a country which screened the movements of the enemy, and the roads of which I knew practically nothing.

In the beginning of the pursuit, thinking it probable the enemy had retied partly by the Hamburg road, I had ordered Nelson's division to follow as far as Lick Creek, on that road, from which, I afterwards learned, the direct Corinth road was separated by a difficult ravine which empties into Lick Creek. I therefore occupied myself with examining the ground and getting the different divisions into position, which was not effected until some time after dark.

The following morning, in pursuance of the directions of General Grant, General Wood was sent forward with two of his brigades and a battery of artillery to discover the position of the enemy, and press him if he should be found in retreat. General Sherman, with about the same force from General Grant's army, was on the same service, and had a spirited skirmish with the enemy's cavalry, driving it back. The main force was found to have retreated beyond Lick Creek, and our troops returned at night.

The loss of the forces under my command is 263 killed, 1,816 wounded, 88 missing; total 2,167.* The trophies are twenty pieces of artillery, a greater number of caissons, and a considerable number of small-arms. Many of the cannon were recaptured from the loss of the previous day. Several stand of colors were also recaptured.

There were no idlers in the battle of the 7th. Every portion of the army did its work. The batteries of Captains Terrill and Mendenhall were splendidly handled and served; that of Captain Bartlett was served with great spirit and gallantry, though with less decisive results.

I specially commend to the favor of the Government, for their distinguished gallantry and good conduct Brigadier General A. McD. McCook, commanding Second Division; Brigadier General William Nelson, commanding Fourth Division; Brigadier General Thomas L. Crittenden, commanding

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 108

---------------

