
Fifth Division, Brigadier General Lovell H. Rousseau, commanding Fourth Brigade; Brigadier General J. T. Boyle, commanding Eleventh Brigade; Colonel J. Ammen, Twenty-fourth Ohio, commanding Tenth Brigade; Colonel W. S. Smith, Thirteenth Ohio, commanding Fourteenth Brigade; Colonel E. N. Kirk, Thirty-fourth Illinois, commanding Fifth Brigade; Colonel W. H. Gibson, Forty-ninth Ohio, temporarily commanding Sixth Brigade; Captain W. R. Terrill, Fifth Artillery; Captain John Mendenhall, Fourth many other officers who won honorable distinction I refer to the reports of the division, brigade, and regimental commanders, transmitted herewith,as also for more detailed information of the services of the different corps. I join cordially in the commendations bestowed by those officers on those under their command. The gallantry of many of them came under my personal observation.

The members of my staff, Colonel James B. Fry, chief of staff; Captain J. M. Wright, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant C. L. Fitzhugh, Fourth Artillery, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant A. F. Rockwell, New York Chasseurs, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant T. J. Bush, Twenty-fourth Kentucky, aide-de-camp; Captain J. H. Gilman, Nineteenth Infantry, inspector of artillery; Captain E. Gay, Sixteenth Infantry, inspector of cavalry; Captain H. C. Bankhead, Fifth Infantry, inspector of infantry, and Captain Nathaniel Michler, Topographical Engineers, were distinguished for gallant bearing throughout the battle, and rendered valuable service. The gallant deportment of my orderlies, Privates A. J. Williamson, Fourth Cavalry, and N. M. Smith, J. R. Hewith, J. A. Stevenson, and V. B. Hummel, of the Anderson Troops, also deserves to be mentioned. I am particularly indebted to Colonel Fry, chief of staff, for valuable assistance in the battle, as well as for the ability and industry with which he has at all times performed the important duties of his position. Surgeon Murray, medical director, always assiduous in the discharge of his duties, was actively engaged on the field in taking the best care of the wounded the circumstances admitted of. Captain A. C. Gillem, assistant quartermaster, is entitled to great credit for his energy and industry in providing transportation for the troops from Savannah. Lieutenant Colonel James Oakes, Fourth Cavalry, inspector of cavalry,and Captain C. C. Gilbert, First Infantry, acting inspector-general, who have rendered zealous and valuable service in their positions, were detained at Savannah, and unable to be present in the action.

The troops which did not arrive in time for the battle, General Thomas' and part of General Wood's divisions (a portion of the latter, as I have previously stated, took part in the pursuit, and the remainder arrived in the evening), are entitled to the highest praise for the untiring energy with which they pressed forward night and day to share the dangers of their comrades. One of those divisions (General Thomas') had already under his command made its name honorable by one of the most memorable victories of the war-Mill Springs-on which the tide of success seemed to turn steadily in favor of the Union.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

Captain N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Mississippi.

