
CORINTH, March 16, 1862-4 p.m.

There is no doubt that the enemy has landed in force at Pittsburg. The doubt that was stated in connection with this matter no longer exists. General Bragg desired me to communicate with you freely.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

General A. SIDNEY JOHNSTON,

Decatur, Ala.

No. 4. Report of Brig. General James R. Chalmers, C. S. Army,

of expedition against Memphis and Charleston Railroad.

CORINTH, March 17, 1862.

The enemy landed near Yellow Creek [March 14], with artillery and cavalry; marched 3 miles in the direction of Burnsville, and then went back to their boats. Suppose that the roads were impassable.

JAMES R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.

General RUGGLES.

No. 5. Reports of Lieutenant. Colonel John A. Jaquess,

First Louisiana Infantry, of expedition against Memphis and Charleston Railroad.

FARMINGTON, MISS., Saturday Evening, March 15, 1862.

GENERAL: After I had sent my dispatch of last night the enemy began to land troops from the transports; in what numbers I could not ascertain, although I believe them considerable.

Among them was a force of cavalry, which advanced upon and drove in my pickets, and then advanced as if to take a position immediately in my rear. Fearing that my command would be cut off, I determined to retire from the position which I then occupied. My march in this direction was commenced at 2.30 o'clock a.m. The enemy's cavalry followed for some distance, but did not approach near enough for us to engage them.

In consequence of the smallness of my command, being without rations and forage and the men being completely exhausted by the active nature of their duties and the inclement weather which has prevailed for several days, I concluded to fall back upon this place and await further instructions.

I would respectfully suggest that at least one full company of cavalry be added to the infantry assigned to this duty, as owing to the peculiar nature of the country it is impossible for infantry properly and fully to perform the service required of them.

I shall have the honor of reporting in person to-morrow morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. JAQUESS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Detachment Louisiana Infantry.

Brig. General DANIEL RUGGLES,

Commanding C. S. Forces, Corinth, Miss.

