
Numbers 89. Report of Captain J. H. Gilman, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry, Inspector of Artillery.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Field of Shiloh, Tenn., April 9, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in the battle of the 7th instant at this place three batteries of the Army of the Ohio were engaged, viz: Captain Terrill's Fifth U. S. Artillery, consisting of two 10-pounder Parrott guns and four light 12-pounders; Captain Mendenhall's Fourth U. S. Artillery, with two 3-inch rifled guns and two 12-pounder howitzers, and Captain Batlett's First Ohio Artillery, with four 6-pounders and two 12-pounder Wiard guns.

Captain Terrill's battery reached the scene of action at about 9 a. m. and immediately opened fire. This battery did terrible execution, and too much praise cannot be awarded it. Throughout the day it was with General Nelson's division, and was employed against both infantry and artillery with good effect. At one time, not being sufficiently supported, it was obliged to retire before an overwhelming infantry force, which it did good order, retiring with fixed prolonged, firing canister into them as it went. At this time he was compelled to leave one of his caissons, which, however, was soon retaken. At about 2 p. m. I found the captain serving one of his pieces himself, with only 2 men to assist him, the other cannoneers being either killed or wounded. His loss was 1 man killed and 15 wounded, 12 horses killed and 7 wounded. No injury was sustained by his guns, carriages, or equipments except that the axle-straps were torn off one of the axles by a ball, which have been replaced, and injuries to harness, which can be repaired from captured pieces. He expended with his two Parrott guns 26 shell (time fuse), 11 percussion shell, 11 case shot, and 28 canister; with his light 12-pounders 53 solid shot, 19 shell, 65 spherical case, and 29 canister; in all, 242 rounds.

Captain Mendenhall went into action with his battery about 6 a. m. It was first employed against infantry, which was driven back, and then against a rebel battery, which he caused several times to change position and finally silenced. Until about 1 p. m. he was with General Nelson's division, when he joined General Crittenden's, and replied to a battery there, from which the cannoneers were soon driven and the battery taken by our troops. This battery had very severe work during the entire day, was well handled, and efficiently served. His loss was 2 men killed and 8 wounded, had 6 horses killed and 8 wounded, and 3 escaped during the battle. He expended 244 case shot and 12 canister in his 3-inch guns, and 90 shell, 120 spherical case, and 32 canister in his howitzers; in all, 498 rounds expended.

Captain Bartlett's battery, with General Crittenden's division, began firing shortly after 6 o'clock a. m. It was employed both against infantry and artillery, and rendered most important service. The officers and men worked hard, faithfully, and efficiently until about 12 m., when their ammunition gave out, and the captain took his limbers back, filled them, and returned. This, however, was not accomplished in time to permit the battery to participate any further in the action. During the six hours that the battery was engaged 600 rounds were fired. His loss was 2 men wounded, 1 horse killed, 1 set harness lost. His battery sustained no injury, except that one elevating screw was bent and rendered unserviceable.

