
Captain Goodspeed's battery (A, First Ohio) having arrived from Savannah and disembarked, I was directed late in the day by the general commanding to bring it up. This was done, but by the time it reached the point designated the enemy had retreated beyond its reach. It pressed on after them for some distance, but did not get an opportunity to open fire, and at the close of the pursuit was put in position with our advance forces.

Captain Terrill will require 20 horses and the same amount of ammunition that he expended, having found only about 17 rounds (captured) that would fit his guns. He, however, has a supply on the road. Captain Mendenhall requires 14 horses, 240 case shot, and 12 canister for 3-inch guns, and 60 spherical case and 20 canister for his howitzers, having partially supplied the latter from captured ammunition. Captain Bartlett will require 15 horses, 60 canister, 120 percussion shell, and 40 solid shot for 6-pounder Wiard guns, and 100 canister, 100 percussion shell, and 60 solid shot for 12-pounder Wiard guns.

The artillery captured by the Army of the Ohio on Monday, the 7th instant, I will report upon as soon as it is collected. The number of pieces is about 20. I will here state that many of these are the same that were taken from the forces here by the rebels on Sunday, and that when retaken on Monday they were taken off by the batteries that had lost them Sunday; a proceeding that could not well be interfered with, as it would delay them in getting their batteries again in order.

Respectfully submitted.

J. H. GILMAN,

Captain Nineteenth U. S. Inft., Insp. of Arty., Army of the Ohio.

Captain J. B. FRY,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., U. S. Army, Chief of Staff.

Numbers 90. Report of Brigadier General Alexander McD. McCook, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO, Field of Shiloh, April 9, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to report that on the morning of the 6th instant, while on the march, at a point 12 miles from the town of Savannah, Tenn., I received an order to hasten forward with my division, with three days' rations in haversacks and all my supply of ammunition. On account of the condition of the roads and baggage trains it was impossible for me to get more than two days' rations and the 40 rounds of cartridges in the cartridge boxes of the men. I hastened forward, arriving at Savannah at 7 p. m. on the 6th instant, with my entire division, except the Second Regiment of Kentucky Cavalry, which was left to guard the baggage. After resting my men two hours I marched to the river with General Rousseaus' brigade, ordering the other brigades and the artillery to follow immediately. Arriving at the steamboat landing, I found no preparation made whatever to convey my division to this battle-field. I ordered my staff aboard boats at the Landing, compelling the captains to get out of their beds and prepare their boats for my use. I succeeded in embarking General Rousseau's brigade. As boats arrived I pressed them into service, and embarked

