
the Thirty-fourth Regiment of Illinois Volunteers, belonging to Colonel Kirk's brigade, and left with it for the field, leaving instructions at Savannah for the other portion of my division to follow as rapidly as means of transportation was afforded.

Arriving at Pittsburg Landing at 5 o'clock a. m. on the 7th instant, finding General Rousseau's brigade disembarking, I marched forward to a point where I believed it would be of the most service. I there met General Buell, who directed me to form my line of battle with my left resting near General Crittenden's right and my right resting toward the north. I immediately formed this line with General Rousseau's brigade upon the ground designated, my right being without support. As soon as the remainder of Colonel Kirk's brigade arrived I placed his brigade in position as a reserve. When these arrangements were completed I ordered the line of cross a ravine and to take advantage of the high ground in front, having previously thrown two companies from each regiment of General Rousseau's brigade forward as skirmishers. The line became immediately engaged with a superior force of the enemy, the main attack being made on the right Knowing that my right had no support, I ordered Colonel Kirk's brigade, with the exception of Colonel Stumbaugh's Seventy-seventh Regiment of Pennsylvania Volunteers, forward to take a position on the right of General Rousseau's brigade, with instructions to watch the enemy, and if they were attacked, to hold that ground at every hazard. In the mean time a portion of Colonel Gibson's brigade arrived, and I, still believing that the heaviest attack was being made on my right, ordered Colonel Willich's Thirty-second Regiment of Indiana Volunteers to from a line in the rear of the center, to be used as circumstances might require. The enemy's attack on the right and center was continuous and severe, but the steady valor of General Rousseau's brigade repulsed him. He was vigorously pursued for the distance of a mile, when he received large re-enforcements and rallied among the tents of a portion of General McClernand's division, from which it had been driven on the 6th instant. Here, supported by two pieces of artillery, which were lost the day before, the enemy made a desperate stand.

At this juncture Colonel Buckley's Fifth Regiment Kentucky Volunteers charged and captured the two guns in position, with four more of the same battery, partially disabled, which the enemy could not carry off. Here General Rousseau had the pleasure of retaking General McClernand's headquarters, and at this time it is supposed General A. S. Johnston fell, as his body was found on the outer edge of this encampment. The enemy fell back over an open field, and reformed in the skirt of the woods beyond. General Rousseau's brigade then advanced into the open field to engage him. The advance of my division had created a space between it and General Crittenden's, and the enemy began massing troops to take advantage of this gap in our line, made unavoidable by the attempt of the enemy to turn my right flank and his subsequent retreat. I immediately ordered Colonel Willich to advance to the support of General Rousseau's left and to give the enemy the bayonet as soon as possible. His regiment filed through the lines of Colonel Kirk's brigade, which had been withdrawn from the right when the danger menacing that flank had passed, and advanced into a most withering fire of shell, canister, and musketry, which for a moment staggered it; but it was soon rallied, and for an account of the numerous conflicts and desperate charges this regiment made I refer you to Colonel Willich's report, transmitted herewith.

Being now satisfied that the enemy had changed his point of attack

