
from the right to my extreme left, I ordered Colonel Stumbaugh's Seventy-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers to take up a position on my extreme left and repel the assault there being made. He immediately engaged them, and at this moment the contest along the whole line became terrible. Colonel Kirk's brigade was now ordered to engage, and he arrived precisely at the right moment, as the cartridges of General Rousseau's brigade were all expended. General Rousseau's brigade fell back through openings made in Colonel Kirk's ranks, and retired to the woods in the rear to be supplied with ammunition.

Three hours before, being convinced from the stubbornness with which the enemy was contending and the rapid discharges of my regiments that their 40 rounds of cartridges would soon be exhausted, I dispatched Lieutenant Campbell, my ordnance officer, for teams to bring up ammunition. He arrived at the opportune moment with three wagon loads. While General Rousseau's brigade was being supplied with ammunition, I ordered Colonel Gibson's brigade to engage on the left of Colonel Kirk's, where the enemy was still endeavoring to force his way. At this moment every available man was under fire, and the enemy seemed to increase in the vigor and the rapidity of his attack. Now the contest for a few moments became terrific. The enemy, to retake the ground and battery lost, advanced with a force of at least 10,000 men against my two brigades, and when he deployed in line of battle the fires from the contending ranks were two continuous sheets of flame. Here Major Levanway, commanding the Thirty-fourth Regiment of Illinois Volunteers, was killed by a shell, and the regiment wavered for a moment, when Colonel Kirk, colonel of the regiment, but commanding the Fifth Brigade, seized a flag, rushed forward, and steadied the line again. While doing this he was severely wounded in the shoulder.

The enemy now began to turn the left of Colonel Gibson's brigade, when the Forty-ninth Ohio, by this disposition of the enemy, was compelled to change its front twice, which was done under a heavy fire. I am proud to say that this hazardous maneuver was performed with apparently as much steadiness as on parade.

As soon as General Rousseau's brigade received its ammunition it was again ordered into line, and I directed into action two regiments belonging to General Hurlbut's division, which had been lying in reserve on my left since morning. When these dispositions were made I ordered an advance of my whole command, which was made in gallant style. The enemy did not withstand the charge, but fled, leaving all of their wounded, and were pursued by my division beyond General Sherman's headquarters of the day before, where the pursuit was taken up by the cavalry and artillery. During the action I momentarily expected the arrival of Captain Terrill and his battery. I sent an aide-de-camp to conduct him to me, so that I could put him in position. The aide-de-camp, through mistake, took the road which led to General Nelson's right. Captain Terrill was there ordered by General Buell into position. This officer did not fight under my immediate supervision, but from his report, herewith appended, and the verbal acknowledgment to me of General Nelson, he fought his battery gallantly and judiciously, and I commend him and his officers to my superiors. Captain Terrill, on account of his strict attention to duty in the past and conspicuous gallantry in this terrible conflict, is worthy of any promotion that can be bestowed upon him. My other two batteries, Captains Stone's and Goodspeed's, did not arrive in time to participate in the conflict.

To the three brigade commanders-General Rousseau, Colonels Kirk

