
and Gibson-the country is indebted for much of the success in this part of the field. General Rousseau led his brigade into action, and opened the conflict in this division in a most handsome and gallant style. He was ever to be seen watching the contest with a soldierly care and interest, which made him the admiration of the entire command. Colonel Kirk, who during the action was severely wounded in the shoulder, coolly and judiciously led his men under fire. He has been in command of the Fifth Brigade for some months, and much of its efficiency is due to the care and labor he bestowed upon it. I respectfully call your attention to his meritorious services upon this day.

Colonel Gibson, although temporarily in command of the Sixth Brigade, displayed great steadiness and judgment during the action. The maneuvers of his troops in the face of the enemy attest his skill and ability.

Colonel Stumbaugh, with the Seventy-seventh Regiment of Pennsylvania Volunteers, early in the action being ordered to watch the enemy upon my left, was at a later period ordered to engage. His regiment, partially isolated from the rest of the division, steadily moved over an open field in its front under a heavy fire. While here the enemy's cavalry charged this regiment twice, but were each time repulsed with heavy loss. Colonel Stumbaugh had the satisfaction of receiving the sword of Colonel Battle, of the Twentieth Tennessee, who surrendered to him as a prisoner. Lieutenant-Colonel Housum and Major Bradford ably seconded the efforts of Colonel Stumbaugh.

Colonel Bass, of the Thirtieth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, was wounded twice; which is the best evidence of his bearing and bravery. After Colonel Bass' last wound Lieutenant-Colonel Dodge, ably assisted by Major Hurd, took the command of the regiment. All three of these officers deserve the thanks of their State and country.

Lieutenant-Colonel Dunn, commanding the Twenty-ninth Regiment of Indiana Volunteers, was marked by all for his coolness and bravery. Captain Bristol, of the Thirty-fourth Regiment of Illinois Volunteers, who took command of the regiment after the death of Major Levanway, greatly distinguished himself during the day. Captain S. T. Davis, of the Seventy-seventh Regiment of Pennsylvania Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general of the Fifth Brigade; Captain Beehler and Lieutenant Dexter, of the Thirty-fourth Regiment of Illinois Volunteers (all upon Colonel Kirk's staff), were of great assistance to him during the engagement. I mention the names of the officers in the Fifth Brigade because the debility incident to Colonel Kirk's wound precludes the possibility of getting a report from him.

For the instances of individual bravery and gallantry in the Fourth and Sixth Brigades, where all were gallant, I refer you to the reports of General Rousseau and Colonel Gibson, transmitted herewith.

The bravery and steadiness of the officers and men under my command are worthy all praise, considering the circumstances surrounding them. The day before the battle they marched 22 miles; a portion of them stood all night in the streets of Savannah in a driving storm, without sleep; all the way from Savannah the river banks were lined with fugitives in Federal uniform. At Pittsburg Landing the head of my column had to force its way through thousands of panic-stricken and wounded men before it could engage the enemy. I take pleasure in calling your attention to the conduct of Colonel Oliver and a portion of the Fifteenth Regiment of Michigan Volunteers. When my division was marching into the field Colonel Oliver, before unknown to me,

20 R R-VOL X

