
requested the privilege of serving with my command. His regiment was attached to General Rousseau's brigade, and during the day was under the hottest fire, where he, his officers and men, behaved with conspicuous gallantry.

To the members of my staff, Captain Daniel McCook, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant S. W. Davis, W. T. Hoblitzell, and W. F. Straub, aides-de-camp; Lieutenant J. A. Campbell, ordnance officer; Captain Orris Blake, provost-marshal; Lieutenant Blake, assistant provost-marshal; Captain J. D. Williams, assistant commissary of subsistence; Lieutenants Galbraith and Johnson, Signal Corps, and Acting Aide-de-Camp J. P. Collier, of Ohio, I return my grateful thanks. I commend them to my superiors for their gallantry in action and for the intelligent manner in which they conveyed and communicated my orders on the field of battle. Captain J. F. Boyd, my ever-efficient division quartermaster, was absent in Savannah, superintending the embarkation of the troops.

I did not see Dr. Meylert, medical director, upon the field, but am informed he was assigned to a post of duty elsewhere.

Lieutenant Colonel E. A. Parrott, First Ohio Volunteers, my acting inspector-general, did not attend me as a staff officer, but joined and fought with his regiment, and for mention of his services I refer you to General Rousseau's report.

I am sorry that I was deprived upon this day of the services of Brigadier General R. W. Johnson, commanding the Sixth Brigade. Severe illness caused his absence from his command at Columbia, Tenn. The efficiency of the Sixth Brigade is very much due to his talents and abilities, and it is to be regretted that he did not have an opportunity upon this day to add new laurels to his military name.

My casualties during the conflict were 93 killed, 803 wounded, and 9 missing. The small number of the latter indicates the manner in which the division was held in hand. I herewith inclose a tabular statement of the killed and wounded and missing in each brigade.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division.

Captain J. B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.

---------------

*But see revised statement, pp. 105-106.

---------------

