
FARMINGTON, Sunday, March 16, 1862-1.30 a.m.

SIR: Through a citizen who lives near Red Sulphur Springs, and who I had engaged to furnish me information, I have just learned that the enemy made an unsuccessful attempt to march to Burnsville night before last. They were unable to cross Yellow Creek in consequence of its swollen condition. They returned to their boats yesterday, and were this morning still at the mouth of Yellow Creek.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. JAQUESS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Detachment Louisiana Infantry.

Captain ROY MASON HOOE,

A. A. G., First Div., Second Grand Division Army of the Miss.

MARCH 15-18, 1862.-Morgan's operations about Gallatin, Tenn.

Report of Captain John H. Morgan, Kentucky Cavalry (Confederate).

SHELBYVILLE, TENN., March 19, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of a portion of my command on the 15th, 16th, 17th, and 18th inst.:

At about 4 o'clock p.m. on the 15th instant, with Colonel Wood and a detachment of 40 men, I left Murfreesborough for Gallatin, having learned that no Federal forces remained at that place. The chief objects of the expedition were to intercept the mail, to destroy the rolling stock on the road, to make prisoners, and to obtain information of interest to the service. Our destination was kept secret, and the command having been sent from Murfreesborough in separate parties by different road to unite at some distance from town, it was impossible that the enemy could be apprised of the movement until after the blow was struck. A citizen of Murfreesborough, whose zeal and loyalty are undoubted, made the necessary arrangement of runners to keep us perfectly posted as to any movement that might be made with the view of cutting us off.

Our first march, conducted mostly at night, carried us about 2 miles beyond Lebanon. Early next morning continued the march, crossing the Cumberland at Canoe Branch Ferry, and reached Gallatin about 4 o'clock p.m.

Leaving the command just outside the town, Colonel Wood, myself, and the men, disguised as Federals, entered and took possession. The colonel, myself, and 2 men galloped to the depot and secured the telegraph operator, his instruments, books, &amp;c. Among the papers found are several orders of General Buell's, some is cipher, which please find inclosed.* We secured also, a few minutes after, as it came in, and engine and tender, carrying a number of carpenters to repair the road. They were made prisoners, but were released as we left the town. As soon as the citizens were made aware that we were Confederate troops every facility was afforded us to carry out our plans. Upon securing the engine we at once commenced to accumulate all the rolling stock (a large quantity) on the main track preparatory to burning. When this was completed the fire was applied, and in the course of an hour all except the engine was rendered permanently useless. That night, having picketed securely, we remained in Gallatin. The next morning we destroyed the water tank, and taking the engine the colonel and myself

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

