
an inch of ground that we had taken, and although at one time exposed to their fire from different directions, no disorder appeared. It was distinctly understood by the Sixth Regiment that Indianians never retreat.

My regiment was under fire ten hours and fifteen minutes during the battle, and all having acquitted themselves so well, particular mention would be improper.

T. T. CRITTENDEN,

Colonel Sixth Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

Numbers 93. Report of Major John H. King, Fifteenth U. S. Infantry, commanding battalion of Fifteenth and Sixteenth U. S. Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTEENTH AND SIXTEENTH INFANTRY, Battle-field, Pittsburg Landing, Tenn., April 13, 1862.

SIR: I went into the battle on Monday, the 7th instant, in command of two battalions of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Infantry, the former numbering eight companies, the latter seven companies. After forming line of battle, Major Stephen D. Carpenter, commanding five companies of the Nineteenth Infantry, formed on my left and continued with me all day, or until half an hour before the enemy retreated, when he detached his command from me to support a battery about to take a position some distance on our left. I am under obligations to the officers and men of my command for their brave and gallant conduct, and I feel well assured that their services will be properly appreciated by our country. Captain P. T. Swaine, Fifteenth Infantry, and Captain Edwin F. Townsend, Sixteenth Infantry, commanders of the two battalions, are entitled to special notice for the discipline and maneuvering of their commands. I take pleasure in referring you to their reports, which are herewith inclosed.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN H. KING,

Major Fifteenth Infantry, Commanding.

Captain D. ARMSTRONG,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 94. Report of Captain Peter T. Swaine, Fifteenth U. S. Infantry.

CAMP McCLERNAND, TENN., April 12, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the First Battalion Fifteenth U. S. Infantry, in the battle of the 7th instant, consisted of eight companies. From the commencement to the close of the battle we were exposed to an incessant fire, but kept steadily advancing, compelling the enemy to yield ground to us. Three times we charged upon the foe, the last time with the bayonet, capturing a battery. My officers displayed great bravery, and gallantly conducted their companies in the hottest of the engagement with the regularity of a drill, and the men were cool, steady, and obedient, well exemplifying their discipline. Not only

