
did they keep gaining ground by driving the enemy before them, but at one time, when heavy re-enforcements were advanced by the rebels, breaking and dispersing the ranks of two adjacent regiments, they stood their ground, and poured such a deadly fire of rifle bullets into the ranks of the enemy that what bid fair at first to be a defeat was turned to a most glorious success.

Many of our enlisted men deserve special notice. Four of them came more particularly under my immediate observation. They are Sergt. Major Gustavus E. Teubnes, First Sergts. Roman H. Gray and John Williams, and Lance Sergt. John Mars, corporal of the permanent party of Newport Barracks.*

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. T. SWAINE,

Captain, Fifteenth Infantry, Commanding Battalion.

Major JOHN H. KING, Commanding Infantry, Regulars.

Numbers 95. Report of Captain Edwin F. Townsend, Sixteenth U. S. Infantry.
HDQRS. FIRST BATTALION SIXTEENTH INFANTRY, Battle-field, near Pittsburg Landing, April 12, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 7th instant the battalion under my command went into action with the enemy at this place, numbering 276 rank and file and 18 officers. Shortly after being placed in position we were ordered forward, when the enemy opened a heavy fire upon us. At the first discharge I regret to say that Captain William H. Acker, commanding Company C, was killed by a ball through the head. From this time we continued to move steadily forward, at no time falling back, except once, to refill the cartridge boxes, and then only after our position had been occupied by reserves coming to relieve us.

About the middle of the day First Lieutenant Edward L. Mitchell, of Company F, was instantly killed by a ball through the brain while delivering an order from me to Captain Crofton. Toward the close of the battle Captain P. T. Keyes, commanding Company D, while gallantly encouraging his men, was struck by a rifle-ball just below the shoulder, breaking the arm and causing a very severe wound. Shortly after Captain Keyes was wounded we were ordered to charge, and moving forward we passed a battery of two guns, which were recognized by some of the officers of my command as being a Tennessee battery.

Both officers and men behaved most gallantly during the whole of the fight, and where all are meritorious I cannot name those who particularly distinguished themselves.+

All of which is respectfully submitted.

EDWIN F. TOWNSEND,Captain, Sixteenth Infantry, Commanding First Battalion.

Major JOHN H. KING,

Fifteenth U. S. Infantry, Commanding.

---------------

*Nominal lists omitted show that there were 18 officers and 318 men engaged, and that the casualties were 4 men killed, 4 officers and 54 men wounded, and 1 man missing. But see revised statement, p. 105.

+Nominal lists omitted from this report show that 18 officers and 276 men were engaged, and that the casualties were 2 officers and 4 men killed and 1 officer and 49 men wounded.

---------------

