
Numbers 96. Report of Major Stephen D. Carpenter, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry.

PITTSBURG BATTLE-FIELD, April 10, 1862.

SIR: I herewith make the following statement of facts connected with the operations of my battalion during the engagement on Monday, the 7th instant, which to me appears proper to bring to your notice:

In the afternoon, while the right of your brigade was engaged with the enemy, Lieutenant Andrews, of my regiment, observed to me the enemy's flag, behind which were forming his columns doubled upon the center. Having been confirmed in my mind that this was the flag of the enemy, behind which his force were forming for the purpose of taking our left directly in flank, I immediately changed my front forward on the left company, and sent my adjutant, Lieutenant Snyder, yo ask you for the support of the left of your brigade. You immediately ordered up the Sixth Indiana, Colonel Crittenden, in support, when instantly, as you will doubtless recollect, we were engaged hotly by the enemy in front, and after hard fighting, in which our own and the enemy's forces nearly came together, he finally gave way and fled.

One more incident I will also state, which occurred a short time after this: While resisting another attack of the enemy in our front and in pursuit my battalion moved over and took the ground and a battery of the enemy, which I presume had been taken from our forces the day before. This battery consisted of a 24 and a 12 pounder howitzer, which, after examination, and finding them spiked, we left on the ground. For particulars in reference to these forces taken by my battalion Captain Gilman, on duty with General Buell's staff, can give information. I will only add that during the entire day, from 9 a. m. till 4 p. m., during most of the time under fire, my officers, without an exception, also the men of the command with but a very few exceptions, did their duty with a determination and zeal that in my opinion cannot be excelled.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. CARPENTER,

Major, Nineteenth Infantry, Commanding Battalion.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Fourth Brigade, Second Division.

P. S.-The list of killed and wounded of my battalion of five companies, amounting to 5 killed and 2 officers and 30 rank and file wounded, has been handed in to the adjutant-general of our brigade. During the day, with the exception of half an hour, from 3.30 to 4 p. m., my battalion occupied a position on the left of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth United States Infantry, during which half hour we were hotly engaged supporting one of our batteries. The assistant surgeon attached to my battalion, H. C. Parry, was present at the first engagement in the morning. At this time I called his attention to a soldier who had been wounded. After this I saw him no more upon the battle-field during the day, and the wounded of the regiment were sent to the rear by the officers of the regiment.

