
quickly silenced, and Captain Bouton has my warmest thanks for the aid so skillfully and gallantly rendered.

The Forty-ninth Ohio having again moved forward into line, and my left being supported by troops ordered forward for that purpose by General McCook, I again ordered an advance, and our entire line pushed forward in gallant style, driving the enemy before us a full half mile, and taking possession of the camp from which a portion of General Sherman's division had been driven the day before, including the general's headquarters.

The enemy now abandoned the contest and retreated under the protection of his cavalry, leaving us in possession of that portion of the field and two of his hospitals crowded with his wounded.

As the whole conflict was waged under the immediate supervision of General McCook, commanding the division, I cheerfully submit the conduct of the brigade to his judgment and criticism. Every command was executed promptly, and nothing could exceed the order and firmness with which our entire line moved upon the enemy.

Colonel Dickey and Lieutenant-Colonel Wilson, of the Fifteenth Ohio, being absent on account of sickness, the command of that regiment devolved upon Major William Wallace, who managed his command with promptness and skill, and exhibited throughout the bloody contest the highest proof of coolness, courage, and energy. His horse was shot upon the field. He called to his aid on the field Captains Dawsor and Kirby, who merit especial praise for their gallantry in cheering on the command under a galling fire of artillery and infantry. Adjutant Taft performed his whole duty regardless of danger, and the entire regiment gave proof of thorough discipline.

To the Thirty-ninth Indiana too great praise cannot be awarded. Active and vigilant at every moment, Colonel Harrison exhibited great skill and the highest courage and coolness in managing his command. Major Evans was prompt and courageous throughout the day, and every officer and man in the regiment was so heroic that distinctions would be invidious. Not the slightest wavering or confusion occurred in the command. Lieutenant W. R. Phillips, a most gallant officer, fell at the post of duty, and Lieutenant Woodmansee, of the same regiment, was borne mortally wounded from the field.

The Forty-ninth Ohio was commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Blackman, who performed his duty nobly, giving ample proof of his skill and courage on the field. The maneuvers of his command under the terrific fire before mentioned evince that discipline and firmness which are so essential to the glory and success of our arms. Major Drake occupied a most perilous position, but with undaunted courage he cheered on the extreme left under a cross-fire of infantry and a shower of shell and grape. Adjutant Norton was constantly at his post of duty, and showed himself a soldier worthy of his position.

Herewith I inclose a list of casualties in the brigade. Major S. W. Gross, brigade surgeon, was placed in charge of a depot of wounded, and merits especial praise for the skill and energy with which he treated and provided for those placed under his charge. The medical officers of the different regiments were on the field, giving prompt and skillful attention not only to the wounded of our own but of other commands. Our loss is: killed, 23; mortally wounded, 12; severely wounded, 84; slightly wounded, 126.*

I beg leave to make special mention of Mr. Rodig, hospital steward of the Fifteenth Ohio, whose industry and attention to the wounded

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 106.

---------------

