
excited general admiration, and of Mr. Corey, hospital steward of the Forty-ninth Ohio, who rendered important service.

To the members of the brigade staff I am under great personal obligations for valuable suggestions on the field. Captain Henry Clay, assistant adjutant-general, active and prompt in the performance of duty, gave exhibitions of genius and courage worthy of his ancestors. Lieutenant William C. Turner, senior aide-de-camp, fully comprehended the responsibilities of his position, and bore my orders to every part of the field with the greatest alacrity, being exposed throughout the day to the most fearful dangers. Lieutenant E. A. Otis, junior aide, though indisposed, kept the saddle, and has my warmest thanks for his activity in bearing orders and for his valuable assistance in the midst of the hottest fire.

Accidentally in command of the brigade, I disclaim any credit for its brilliant success on this memorable field. Unfortunately for the command, Brigadier-General Johnson was at home, prostrated with sickness. But to the thorough discipline and rigid study exacted by him from his officers and men we are indebted for the success and heroic bearing of the command and the honorable page it has won in history.

In behalf of the brigade I must thank General McCook for the labor and energy he has shown in bringing his division to that state of discipline and skill which renders it at once an honor and an ornament to the armies of the republic.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. H. GIBSON,

Colonel, Commanding Sixth Brigade.

Captain DANIEL McCOOK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

Numbers 98. Report of Colonel August Willich, Thirty-second Indiana Infantry.

FIELD OF SHILOH, April 10, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Thirty-second Indiana Regiment in the battle of the 7th instant:

The regiment arrived at 10 a. m. at Pittsburg Landing and marched up the hill, where it received orders from General Grant to start immediately for the field of action. The regiment marched as fast as possible, and having received no special direction, took its course to the heaviest firing. Having arrived at the line of battle, General McCook ordered the regiment to form the reserve of the center of his division, and in case the enemy should throw our lines, to advance and charge bayonet. The regiment took its position about 200 yards in the rear of the second line of battle. About this time, neither party advancing nor retreating, I asked General McCook, I asked General McCook for permission to pass with the regiment to the front and make a bayonet charge, which was granted. The regiment formed into double column to the center, marched up about 200 yards toward the enemy, when he turned and retreated, without stopping to receive the charge; after which the regiment was deployed into line of battle, to give him the benefit of all our rifles. The whole division then advanced for some time. The Thirty-second formed into the double column to the center again, and two companies deployed as skirmishers in advance, until General Beauregard in person brought up

