
Numbers 99. Report of Colonel Thomas J. Harrison, Thirty-ninth Indiana Infantry.

SIR: On the 7th instant the Thirty-ninth Regiment of Indiana Volunteers was the last of your command to disembark at Pittsburg Landing. At 10.30 o'clock, guided by the din of battle, we moved upon the field, after being placed in position by yourself. At 11.30 o'clock we moved in line of battle under a galling fire, driving the enemy for a quarter of a mile. Finding our left greatly exposed and in danger of being outflanked, we fell back 150 yards in good order, keeping up a constant fire, when we again advanced under a heavy fire for a quarter of a mile, driving the enemy before us, when the rout became universal, we capturing and turning over 15 prisoners.

I regret to announce that Lieutenant William R. Phillips, of Company D, fell early in the action at his post. Lieutenant Gabriel Woodmansee, of Company K, also received a wound which is thought to be mortal. Many non-commissioned officers and privates were carried off the field dead or wounded, a list of which is herewith furnished.* i take pleasure in referring to the brave and cool conduct of Major John D. Evans, with all the company officers present.

The non-commissioned officers and privates generally exhibited a deportment worthy of heroes. There were, however, a very few exceptions, who will be left for punishment to the contempt of their brave comrades.

THOS. J. HARRISON,

Colonel Thirty-ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

Colonel GIBSON,

Commanding Sixth Brigade.

Numbers 100. Report of Major William Wallace, Fifteenth Ohio Infantry.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the report of the part the Fifteenth Ohio Regiment, under my command, took in the action of the 7th of April, 1862, near Pittsburg Landing, Tenn.:

Being the only field officer present, I detailed Captain I. M. Kirby, of Company D, and Captain A. R. Z. Dawson, of Company G, as acting field officers. Under your directions the Fifteenth occupied by the right of the Sixth Brigade, and about 12 m. engaged the enemy, and until near 4 o'clock p. m. we were under a most galling fire of the rebel forces. During the entire time to inch of ground was yielded, but twice we advanced our lines until we were in close proximity to the rebel forces. No language can do justice to the brave officers and men under my command. They poured a most deadly fire into the enemy's ranks amid a raking charge of musketry and artillery which was fast thinning my ranks, but nothing could move the gallant Fifteenth. Forty rounds of ammunition were discharged by my brave men with such precision that the enemy at last gave way and our artillery occupied the ground, the Fifteenth scattering the flying rebels in wild confusion.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 106.

---------------

