
To Captains Kirby and Dawson I am largely indebted for their invaluable assistance in maneuvering the regiment. To Adjutant Taft am I also indebted for his assistance for the same. Comparisons would be invidious, when all, both officers and men, under my command, conducted themselves with distinguished bravery and coolness. We are proud of the regiment, the Sixth Brigade, and the Second Division; of General McCook, its brave commander, and yourself, who led us to victory and honor.*

WM. WALLACE,

Major, Comdg. Fifteenth Regiment Ohio Vols., U. S. Army.

Colonel W. H. GIBSON,

Commanding Sixth Brigade.

Numbers 101. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Albert M. Blackman, Forty-ninth Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. FORTY-NINTH REGIMENT OHIO VOL. MILITIA, Camped on the Battle-field, April 10, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you the following particulars of the participation of this regiment in the engagement of the 7th instant:

We were brought into action about 2 o'clock p. m., occupying the left of the brigade and the extreme left of the division. Our position was taken under a severe fire from infantry and artillery, but my men came up firmly, and fired with the calmness and precision that soon caused a wavering in the ranks of the enemy. Shell and grape shot from one battery was very annoying to my left, without doing much damage, their range being too high.

We advanced to our second position, continuing our fire by file. The enemy now attempted to take advantage of the exposed condition of our left. He advanced up a ravine and opened his fire, quartering on my left and rear. I at once changed front to the rear on first company. This change was made in perfect order, the men behaving in the very best manner. Our fire soon drew the flanking force from their position, when, by order of Colonel Gibson, I changed front forward on first company, resuming my former place in line, and directing my fire on the main force.

We now advanced to our third position, when the enemy again made a demonstration on our left. I again changed front to the rear, but about the time I completed the maneuver a brigade arrived and took up the fight on our left, driving the foe from my new front. By order I again changed front forward, and advanced in brigade line, driving the foe from their position, and closing the engagement in this part of the field. On receiving orders to return to the Landing the regiment moved off in as fine style and order as they ever did from parade. All behaved with steadiness and bravery worthy of veteran troops. Every officer on duty with the regiment was at his post and acquitted himself like a man and a soldier. Major Drake was especially brave and active at his post, rendering me great assistance. Adjutant Norton was also very active and efficient.

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties embodied in revised statement, p. 106.

---------------

