
My command to-day is in very good spirits and condition as regards health and discipline. It is in good fighting order.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

A. M. BLACKMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain HENRY CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixth Brigade.

Numbers 102. Report of Captain William R. Terrill, Fifth U. S. Artillery, Chief of Artillery, Second Division.

BATTLE-GROUND OF PITTSBURG LANDING, April 8, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report:

On Sunday, April 6, by a forced march, General McCook's division, to which my battery was attached, reached Savannah, Tenn., at 8 o'clock p. m. We waited in a drenching rain until 3 o'clock on Monday morning, April 7, for a steamer to take us to Pittsburg Landing. The battery was embarked by daylight, and immediately after reaching Pittsburg Landing was disembarked and hurried into action. By Lieutenant Hoblitzell, General McCook's aide-de-camp, the battery was conducted to the ground occupied by General Nelson's division, which at that time was sorely pressed by the enemy. The battery fought until about 4 o'clock p. m., then the fire of the enemy was silenced. General Nelson then moved his division forward, and we encamped on the ground the enemy had occupied the night before. In the early part of the action the right section of my battery was assigned a position near the right of the division, and was of great service in silencing one of the enemy's, which was playing on the left and center of the division. After the firing on the left became very severe the section was moved, by permission of General Nelson, to the support of the remainder of the battery, and was of great assistance in repelling the advance of the enemy. This section was commanded by First Lieutenant Francis L. Guenther, who behaved with that coolness and bravery which he displayed on a former occasion in Western Virginia, and I especially commend him to the favorable consideration of the highest authorities. Sergeants Davis, Egan, and Maubeck, and Corporals Ervin and Lynch, are especially commendable, though the conduct of all the men attached to the section gave much satisfaction to their chief.

Soon after the commencement of the action I advanced the left and center sections, commanded respectively by First Lieutenant J. H. Smyser and Second Lieutenant Israel Ludlow, along the line of skirmishers, where the fire was most galling. I was compelled to this to gain the crest of the ridge to fire upon the enemy's batteries, which were playing upon our skirmishers. After silencing their fire they seemed to be re-enforced with fresh troops, and with vociferous cheers charged along the whole line. The infantry with us gave way before the storm of musket balls, canister shot, and shell, which was truly awful. Lieutenant Ludlow's section was immediately sent to the rear to protect

21 R R-VOL X

