
the right about 300 yards from the landing. General Buell, that cool and clear-headed soldier, selected the position, and was with us when the rebels reached the crest of the hill, received our fire, were shaken, fell back, advanced again, &amp;c. The assaults of the enemy were met by our troops and successfully resisted. About five minutes after we were in position the rebels made the first attack, and kept on a quarter to half hour (dusk), when they withdrew. Our loss was only 1 man killed. We were down the slope of the hill, and the enemy firing before they depressed their pieces, the balls went over our heads. Our men, in the hurry, fired in the same way. The balls followed the slope of the ground and were destructive. [?] The extreme left of the line of battle, which we occupied and where we repelled the attacks of the enemy, had not one soldier on it when we took position-open for the advance of the enemy. Lieutenant R. F. Wheeler, of my staff, and some men of my escort were detailed to watch the boats and bring the troops of the Tenth Brigade to us as they arrived. The remainder of the Sixth was formed in rear of our line of battle, but the Twenty-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry was ordered about half a mile to our right, where the enemy was making a desperate attack. Their position was watched and reported to me by some men of my escort. The night was soon very dark, and slight rain at first, then heavy at times. The other brigades of the Fourth Division were over or crossing. Ammunition was brought to a large tree close to our lines, the cartridge boxes were filled and 20 additional rounds given to every man to carry on his person. This done, General Buell directed me to send scouts to the front and ascertain if the enemy was near our front, and, if possible, advance our line of battle several hundreds yards and as near the deep bayou that was reported in our front as practicable. One company of the Thirty-sixth Indiana and one company of the Sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry were deployed as skirmishers on our front and ordered to advance cautiously and in order, but not to bring on an engagement-to advance to the opposite bank of the bayou and halt, sending back couriers to report from time to time. These companies moved cautiously and promptly, taking into account the darkness of the night and the difficulties of the ground, found no force between us and the bayou, and remained as our picket line until morning.

About 10 o'clock at night we commenced forming our new line of battle beyond the crest of the hill, in advance of our old line about 300 yards. Too dark to see, we prolonged our line by touch. The line was formed in a short time, although, if the ground could have been seen, it would have been a very long line-front lien, Thirty-sixth Indiana and Sixth Ohio. About 10.30 o'clock at night General Buell and Nelson returned and asked if I was almost ready to commence forming my advance line. The answer was, "It is about formed," which gratified them. The Nineteenth was formed on the right of the Tenth and the Twenty-second on the right of the Nineteenth Brigade. The Twenty-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry was brought back about midnight and formed my second line and reserve. The troops had orders to lie down in line with their arms and get such rest as they could in the rain, the pickets in front keeping watch. The Tenth Brigade is together again, formed in battle order; has had supper, and is supplied (every man) with 60 rounds of ammunition, to commence the battle to-morrow. The men are as comfortable as the enemy in front and the falling rain and want of shelter will permit, and certainly much more cheerful and prompt and obedient than I could expect. My staff officers, my escort, and myself are between the two lines of the

