
Tenth Brigade. The guns fired at intervals from the gunboats break the stillness of the night, but do not prevent sleep. It is after midnight, rain falling, and I am sitting at the root of a large tree, holding my horse, ready to mount if necessary. Sleep, sweet, refreshing sleep, removes all my anxieties and troubles for two hours. During the night Crittenden's and McCook's divisions crossed the river.

April 7, 3 a. m.-Less rain. General Nelson, that energetic and wide-awake officer, is at my headquarters, near a large tree, and issues his orders to me verbally: "Colonel Ammen, you will put the Tenth Brigade in motion, as soon as you can see to move, at dawn; find the enemy and whip him." He went towards the Nineteenth Brigade. The Tenth Brigade is in line, ready to meet an attack, and preparing the best possible breakfast that their haversacks, culinary advantages, &amp;c., will afford; the skirmish line strengthened and advanced several hundred yards beyond the bayou in our front, and the brigade commences the march through the undergrowth, crosses the bayou, ascends the steep, high bank; first line advances far enough to let the second cross, halts, adjusts alignment, &c., the skirmishers advancing slowly and cautiously in the mean time. Our left is to rest on the marsh or Tennessee River, and our line of march is to be up the river. It is now light, and we are again in motion through the wet undergrowth and forest. Rain has ceased. An occasional shot is fired by our skirmishers, and now we are at a clearing, and some cabins and tents are standing, from which our troops were driven yesterday. We cross the open space and halt in the forest. The battle has commenced miles to the right. The fire is extending along the line, and has been coming nearer and nearer, and now we hear the shouts of the distant combatants. The Tenth is again in motion. Our skirmish line has some work, but the enemy falls back; does not advance on our front in force. The advance is slow and cautious; the position of our left flank is examined carefully and is near a swamp; cannot be easily turned. The undergrowth, the forest, and the clearing a short distance in front are favorable to us. About a mile from our position this morning; our advance has not been interrupted. The confidence of the men increased, if I may judge from their cheerful salutes and happy countenances as I pass along the lines. The roar of artillery and small-arms in extending to our left rapidly. The brigade on our right is engaged furiously. A battery is brought to the support of the Nineteenth, and the Sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry is taken from my front line to support the battery. The Twenty-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry takes position in the front line.

No sooner is our line formed than the enemy assault fiercely, but the brave men and officers of the Tenth Brigade stand cool and firm, and hurl the foe back again and again, as often as he reaches the crest of the small rise immediately in our front. The attacks of the enemy are frequent and desperate, but our new troops have the coolness of veterans. Captain Mendenhall's battery, Fourth U. S. Artillery, comes to our support when we need assistance. Right good service did Captain Mendenhall and his well-drilled and efficient battery perform. The troops on our right are hard up to hold their position, and are not able to dislodge the enemy in their front. We of the Tenth have our hands full. The enemy is massing in our front, apparently determined to carry our left flank. The Tenth is placed on the best ground for defense, concealed as far as practicable, and ready to receive the attack of superior numbers. On the rebels come with loud shouts, and when they are at the proper place the men of the Tenth rise, the front rank

