
fires, loads; the rear rank fires, &amp;c. The rebels find the aim too accurate and the balls too numerous to continue the advance; they fall back, renew the attack repeatedly, but are each time repulsed by the brave men and officers under my command. Generals Buell and Nelson come along; call my attention to the great force in my front, which we had seen and been fighting some time. They were uneasy for the safety of the left, but when they witnessed the fierce assault of the rebels and the cool and determined courage of the men and officers of the Tenth and the decided repulse of the rebels, they expressed their admiration and promised me re-enforcements. Captain Mendenhall's battery was taken to another part of the line of battle which was sorely pressed. The battle rages with us; no cessation; no diminution of numbers in our front; no appearance of retreat, but evident signs of another attack. they come, but cannot move our line; another effort without success; our left baffles all their courage and skill. We have fought long against superior numbers; the men are weary; ammunition is nearly exhausted. Our brave and noble Generals (Buell and Nelson) have taken good care of their troops. Ammunition is close to our line; the boxes are taken to the line; the cartridge boxes are filled and each man has 20 more cartridges on his person. The gallant Captain Terrill, with his battery, Fifth U. S. Artillery, dashes in and takes position at the right of our line; opens fire on the enemy just at the decisive moment; dismounts several pieces of one of their batteries in our front. The fire of the infantry is also constant and protracted. The line of battle was more than 4 miles long; a partial cessation; distant firing suddenly all along the line; an incessant roar of fire-arms; shouts of men, &c. The left of our line and the right of the rebels are as busy, as determined, and as anxious as at any other part of the line of battle. The fire is terrible on both sides. The Tenth Brigade advances slowly, but is gaining ground. The rebels fall back slowly, stubbornly, but they are losing ground. Terrill's battery helps us greatly. We advance more rapidly; push the rebels across the field; pass the tents deserted by our troops early Sunday. The rebels take ammunition from the boxes as they tarry among the tents, where they made a stand for some minutes. Our troops rout the rebels, and also replenish their cartridge boxes from the ammunition at this camp. We pursue a short distance; the rebels are re-enforced; are too strong for us, and we in turn fall back slowly in good order to the forest we left an hour or more before. The fight continues, but our position is strong; we could not be driven from it. Re-enforcements were sent to me by the generals; the left advanced; the rebels fell back. The troops under my command made a charge; the rebels retreated in haste; disappeared in the forest, and the battle was at an end for that day about 3.30 p. m. Parties were sent in pursuit, but there was no fighting except slight skirmishing. The troops bivouacked about 2 miles in advance of our starting point this morning. General Nelson goes to the gunboats and leaves the division under my command. General Buell comes to prepare for to-morrow's fight; I accompany him; he selects line of battle; orders me where and how to form division; accompany him to Crittenden's division, &c.; get back about midnight. General Buell is indefatigable, careful of his men, cool in battle, labors hard to get the best positions, and sees and examines for himself. Rains hard. General Thomas' division arrived on boats at 11 a. m.

April 8.-The line of battle of the Fourth Division is formed before day; all ready to commence the terrible work again. The night was rainy, disagreeable, yet the men and officers move promptly and appear

