
the skirmishers from the Twenty-fourth Ohio, on my right, succeeded in saving our left from being turned. We slowly advanced, our skirmishers maintaining their position, driving the enemy's cavalry, infantry, and artillery before them over the same ground fought over the previous day.

About 11 o'clock my remaining five companies (not on skirmish), to our left, were ordered forward, in conjunction with the Twenty-fourth Ohio and part of the Fifteenth Illinois, at this time on my left, into the general fight, and engaged the enemy in strong force, they with a heavy battery, cavalry, and infantry in our front. My regiment advanced to a fence, mostly thrown down, where a most desperate contest ensued, during which my regiment (five companies) advanced about 75 yards to a second fence, mostly down, my right resting on some old buildings. While in this position my ammunition gave out, most of my men having fired 40 to 50 rounds. I then ordered them to fall back behind the first fence, to procure a new supply of ammunition, which was obtained, and we then again advanced to the position we left and farther. The enemy at this time maintained an eminence about 400 yards distant, in woods and an old Union camp ground, when we received orders to charge bayonets upon them, which was commenced in quick-time. As my regiment reached the summit of the eminence the enemy was far out of our reach, moving off, with their battery and infantry in front, their cavalry taking the Corinth road to the left, all in double-quick time.

We now occupy the ground from which we drove the enemy, over which we found many of their dead. The main struggle at the fence, as above stated, before we received orders to charge, lasted for two hours-from 11 to 1 o'clock. My officers and men behaved well, stood the fire with great bravery, and even to daring, without flinching. I know not how, in truth, to compliment any one of my command over the rest, for I was well satisfied with all.

The casualties of my regiment during the engagement, including the first evening, were 8 killed, 1 missing, and about 50 wounded, 2 of whom probably mortally; a complete list of which will be forwarded as soon as it can be obtained.* Among my killed is Lieutenant A. M. Davis, of Company H, who commanded Company E in the engagement. He fell by my side, bravely discharging his whole duty. During most of the engagement I was on foot, my horse having been shot at an early part of the main fight.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

WM. GROSE,

Colonel, Thirty-sixth Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

Colonel JACOB AMMEN,

Acting Brigadier-General, Tenth Brigade, Fourth Division.

Numbers 106. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Nicholas L. Anderson, Sixth Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. SIXTH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS, Battle-field at Pittsburg Landing, April 9, 1862.

COLONEL: In compliance with your order I submit the following report of the action taken by the Sixth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, in your brigade, in the late battle of Pittsburg Landing:

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 106.

---------------

