
The regiment was disembarked at about 5 o'clock on the evening of the 6th instant, and marched up the hill as quickly as possible amid the confusion and panic existing among some disorganized regiments at the landing place. I formed line of battle, under your directions, some 200 yards from the river, to support a battery then in danger of being charged by the enemy. The regiment laid on arms all night, two companies acting as skirmishers.

At daylight on the 7th the brigade formed in line of battle, skirmishers in advance, the Sixth Regiment holding the right. About a mile from the place we had occupied in the night our advance met the enemy, and the battle was immediately opened. During the day the regiment was continually under a hot and heavy fire, supporting for the greater time Terrill's regular battery, and at one time furnishing a company to manage the guns of said battery, its men having been mostly killed or wounded. The regiment was held as a reserve, and once changed front perpendicular to the rear, and once forward on the first company, in order to re-enforce our hotly-attacked lines. Late in the afternoon we advanced briskly forward and occupied the left of the ground once occupied by Stuart's brigade, which had been all day in the possession of the enemy. At no time were we actively engaged in the fight, although the regiment acted with the greatest coolness and promptitude on every order that was given them.

Our loss is 2 killed, 2 missing, and 5 wounded.

Respectfully,

N. L. ANDERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Sixth Regiment.

Colonel JACOB AMMEN,

Commanding Tenth Brigade.

Numbers 107. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Frederick C. Jones, Twenty-fourth Ohio Infantry.

CAMP NEAR PITTSBURG LANDING, April 8, 1862.

SIR: I submit the following as a report of the part taken by the Twenty-fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteers in the action of the 6th and 7th instant:

We landed at this place about 5.30 p. m. of the 6th, and were immediately formed in line of battle on the river hill. After the repulse of the enemy at this point the regiment was moved by your direction about three-quarters of a mile to the right, and was then ordered by General Grant to advance into the woods a short distance, to ascertain, if possible, the position of the enemy's lines. Having scoured the woods for half a mile to the front, and finding no enemy, and the shells from our gunboats falling but a few feet in front of us, we halted and remained in position until about midnight, when we received your order to rejoin the brigade at the river. The men lay on their arms during the remainder of the night. About daylight of the morning of the 7th we moved forward in line of battle about a mile, the Twenty-fourth on the left of the brigade. We remained in this position for some time, and were then ordered to attack the rebel forces stationed in the woods to our right. The regiment moved quietly forward to the two log houses on the road. As soon as we came within range a heavy fire was opened

