
upon us by two batteries of the enemy's artillery-one on our right beyond the orchard and the other in the woods in front. The men were halted and ordered to lie down, while two companies were deployed as skirmishers to the front, to ascertain, if possible, the position and strength of the enemy, concealed hitherto in the woods.

The skirmishers had advanced but a short distance when the enemy's infantry opened fire upon them. The battalion was immediately formed and the fire returned, and soon became very spirited from both sides. We found the range too great for our muskets, many of the balls striking the ground in front of the enemy, while theirs, fired from the best rifles, flew past us like hail. We moved forward, after a few rounds, to the edge of the woods. The enemy held their ground for some time, but our muskets now told with terrible effect at the short range of 50 or 75 yards, and after a desperate resistance they gave way, falling back to the next ridge, our men following them. A section of Captain Terrill's regular battery was soon after in position, supported by our regiment, and soon effectually silenced the artillery in front of us. Several prisoners were taken by our men, and a stand of colors, captured by the enemy on the 6th, retaken. We remained in this position for a considerable length of time, keeping up a brisk fire upon the enemy. But having no support, and having pushed our way some distance in the advance of the main line of our army, by your orders we fell back to the fence at the edge of the woods. Major A. S. Hall was very severely wounded at this time while bravely discharging his duties, and the regiment was deprived of his valuable services during the remainder of the action. Captain Terry, Company G, took charge of the left wing during the remainder of the day. The Thirty-sixth Indiana had previously formed on our left and engaged the enemy. The fighting was continued at this point for a considerable length of time, when we were again ordered forward, the Fourteenth Iowa on our right and the Thirty-sixth Indiana on our left. We advanced, but the enemy had withdrawn from the field, and we saw no more of them during the day. The officers and men, with but few exceptions, behaved well during the engagement. I return herewith a list of the killed and wounded and missing from our regiment.*

I am, sir, with the greatest respect, your obedient servant,

FRED. C. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel Twenty-fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteers.

Colonel JACOB AMMEN,

Comdg. Tenth Brigade, Fourth Division, Army of the Ohio.

Numbers 108. Report of Colonel William B. Hazen, Forty-first Ohio Infantry, commanding Nineteenth Brigade.
HDQRS. NINETEENTH BRIGADE, ARMY OF THE OHIO, In Camp near Pittsburg Landing, Tenn., April 9, 1862.

As commander of the Nineteenth Brigade I have to make the following report of its operations on the field April 7:

It being placed in position the night previous the men rested upon their arms, and at daylight were moved forward cautiously, covered by a strong party of skirmishers, who engaged those of the enemy. After advancing about 1 mile, driving them before them about one-half mile,
---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 106.

---------------

