
The following regimental officers displayed great valor under my immediate notice: Lieutenant-Colonel Blake, Ninth Indiana Volunteers; Captain A. Wiley, Forty-first Ohio Volunteers, seized the flag of his regiment when the color-bearer had fallen, and was himself shot down, and Lieutenant James McCleary, Forty-first Ohio Volunteers, taking it, had his right hand shot away.

W. B. HAZEN,

Colonel, &amp;c.

Numbers 109. Report of Colonel Gideon C. Moody, Ninth Indiana Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS NINTH INDIANA REGIMENT, April 9, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the engagement of the 6th and 7th instant, at Pittsburg Landing, Tenn.:

After bivouacking upon the field of battle during the night of the 6th, having arrived about 9 o'clock p. m., my regiment, at dawn on the morning of the 7th instant, took its place in the line, the Sixth Kentucky Regiment being on my right and the Forty-first Ohio on my left.

With skirmishers thrown out to the front the line advanced for about half a mile, when my skirmishers first encountered the pickets and skirmishers of the enemy, driving them in and pursuing them for about half a mile, when they were fired upon by a large body of the enemy, posted just in the edge of the woods. During this pursuit my skirmishers drove the enemy from one of their batteries, but were unable to retain possession of it. I then, by orders, moved my regiment rapidly forward to position and opened fire upon the enemy, estimated to be five times our number, they returning the fire with great spirit with both small-arms and artillery. After continuing the fire for about two hours the enemy ceased firing, and I retired my men, having expended an average of about 35 rounds of ammunition. I then ordered my command to lie down and rest, which they did, and after resting a short time we were again fired upon by the enemy, who were attempting by a flank movement to turn our right. We immediately recommenced firing, and continued for about an hour, when we succeeded in again driving the enemy back, my regiment having expended at this time some 20 rounds of ammunition. I was then ordered to withdraw my men and rest, which I did, retiring by the right of companies, and at the same time changing direction to the right.

After resting a short time the enemy appeared in force on my right (now become my front), preparing to charge one of our batteries there planted, and the infantry supports of the battery falling back, I was ordered up to meet the enemy. My men rushed forward, delivering a most destructive fire; charged the enemy with great spirit, driving them back in confusion and with terrible loss; pursued them closely and took another of their batteries, but being without any sufficient support, and the enemy throwing a strong force up a ravine on our left, in order to cut us off, we were compelled to retire. Soon after this we were again ordered forward, and engaged a force of the enemy occupying a camp from which our forces had been driven on the previous day. After expending some 25 rounds of ammunition we again succeeded in driving the enemy from their position, and I was then or-

