
dered to retire and rest, which I did until near night, when we were moved to the extreme left of the lines, where we bivouacked for the night, returning next morning to our present camping place.

Every officer and man did his duty so faithfully that I am unable and unwilling to discriminate in favor of any one. I refer you to the accompanying report of casualties for the loss sustained by my command.*

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

G. C. MOODY,

Colonel Ninth Indiana Volunteers.

Lieutenant R. L. KIMBERLY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 110. Reports of Colonel Walter C. Whitaker, Sixth Kentucky Infantry.

To Colonel Hazen, commanding Nineteenth Brigade United States forces, is respectfully submitted the report of Colonel W. C. Whitaker, of the Sixth Kentucky Volunteers, Nineteenth Brigade:

General Nelson's division, at the battle of Pittsburg Landing, on the Tennessee River, was put in advance on the night of the 6th of April, the Ninth Indiana on the left, and the Forty-first Ohio in reserve. At 5 o'clock on the morning of the 7th line of battle was formed, and the fight began at half past 5 between the skirmishers of the Sixth Kentucky and the Ninth Indiana and the pickets of the enemy. The enemy's pickets were driven back, and at about 6 the action began between the enemy and the Ninth Indiana, which was gallantly sustained by them. At 10 o'clock Mendenhall's battery, which had rendered efficient service, was assailed by a large force of the enemy. It was supported by three companies of the Sixth Kentucky, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Cotton. They were severely pressed, and a charge was made by the remainder of the Sixth Regiment at the point of the bayonet, headed by Colonel Whitaker and Adjutant Shackelford. The acting brigadier-general, Colonel Hazen, most gallantry accompanied them in the charge. The enemy was routed from their cover behind logs and trees with terrific slaughter. The pursuit and fight were continued by Colonel Hazen's brigade (Ninth Indiana and Forty-first Ohio Volunteers) until the enemy was driven beyond his batteries. The action was most hotly and vigorously contested by six regiments---three from Texas, the Eleventh Louisiana, one from Mississippi, and one from Kentucky---commanded by Colonel Thomas B. Monroe, who was killed in the action. In the charge the Sixth Kentucky took three pieces of cannon, two rifled and one smooth. One of the guns was spiked and abandoned, the other two held in possession. Colonel Whitaker cut down one of the cannoneers with a bowie-knife he had taken from a Texan he had captured. The horses were shot by Company A, under command of Lieutenants McGraw and Rockingham, their captain being absent on detached service. Captains Johnston, McLeod, Stein, and Hedden, and Lieutenant McGraw were wounded at the head of their companies. Lieutenant-Colonel Cotton bravely led the left of my regiment, and had his horse killed under him. My adjutant, Lieutenant

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 106.

---------------

