
To save them and repulse the boldly-advancing rebels a charge was made by the remainder of the Sixth Kentucky Regiment at the point of the bayonet, their colonel leading in the center and Adjutant Shackelford on the right wing. Colonel Hazen, acting as brigadier-general, accompanied them in the charge. The Ninth Indiana, on the left, and the Forty-first, on the right, advanced simultaneously, and kept up a murderous fire on the flank of the enemy, who were routed from cover of logs and trees with terrific slaughter.

The pursuit and fight were pressed with great vigor by the Ninth Indiana, Lieutenant-Colonel Blake leading, the Sixth Kentucky, Colonel Whitaker leading, and the Forty-first Ohio. The action was hotly contested by six regiments of rebels, three from Texas, one from Louisiana, one from Kentucky, commanded by Major Thomas B. Monroe, who was killed, and one from Mississippi, as I was informed by some of the wounded enemy. In this charge upwards of 300 of the enemy were killed and twice that number wounded. Seven pieces of cannon were left by the enemy on the field, of which three pieces were taken by this regiment. Two were held in possession by them; the other was spiked by Private Young, of Company A, but carried off by the enemy. Over this gun the fight was most furious, and here some of the best men of the regiment were killed. Colonel Whitaker cut down at the rifled cannon on of the cannoneers with a bowie-knife taken from a Texan who was captured by Private Brown, of Company D; a boy, who fought gallantly. The horses of the battery were shot by Company A, under command of Lieutenants McGraw and Rockingham. Captains Hedden, Johnston, Stein, McLeod, and Lieutenant McGraw were wounded in the charge at the head of their companies. Lieutenant-Colonel Cotton bravely fought on the left of the regiment and had his horse killed under him.

Whilst the entire regiment, with some miserable exceptions, behaved most gallantly, sustaining the reputation of Kentucky, and in conjunction with the Ninth Indiana and Forty-first Ohio boldly maintaining the credit of the Nineteenth Brigade and General Nelson's division, it is only justice to refer especially to the gallant conduct of Adjutant Shackelford, Lieutenants McGraw and Rockingham, Sergeant-Major Danks, Company A, and Private Floyd, of Company D. The regimental color-bearer, Richard T. Thornton, was shot down, and, true to his duty, died with the flag of his country on his breast. It was given by the colonel, who carried it some distance, to Sergeant Schmidt, of Company C, who bore it through the balance of the fight. Private Irving, of Company A (wounded, and since dead), killed 5 of the enemy. Lieutenant Chilton was taken prisoner by 6 rebels. Two or three friends rallied to his aid. The enemy were all killed and he rescued, the lieutenant killing one of his captors with his pistol.

All on the field bear testimony to the efficient service of the Nineteenth Brigade (though acting a large part of the time without its acting brigadier, Colonel Hazen), and of General Nelson's division, who was with us on the field through the terrible fight, continuing without intermission from 5.30 until after 3 o'clock p. m. The right flank of the enemy was turned, and the day decided in favor of law and constitutional government.

It is proper in this connection to remark, in addition to what has been heretofore reported by me, that the Nineteenth Brigade should receive special commendation for standing the shock of the enemy. About 11 o'clock they were deprived (we knew not how) of the efficient services of their acting brigadier, Colonel W. B. Hazen, who most unfortu-

