
The night of May 30 the enemy made a most able and masterly retreat from Corinth. So silently was it effected, that the place of their retirement was unknown. So well was it managed, that his military equipments, stores, and transportation were taken away or burned. We joined in the pursuit like men groping in the dark for an enemy. We found none after a week's search. To the brave, well-disciplined, well-drilled army of Union soldiers, eager for the fray, and who only waited the word to annihilate the Confederate army of traitors, it is passing strange where that great army was and why they were suffered to go; but we are soldiers, and have no right to think in words.

The pickets of the Sixth had a skirmish, in which they report 6 or 8 killed. We have none killed or wounded since leaving camp on the field of Shiloh.

In this report I deem it right to give many thanks to General Nelson for his care of our orphan brigade. I must commend all my officers for their attention to the health of my regiment. Under exposure it is improving in health, and though our loss was heavy in battle, we can to-day bring 530 guns to the field, and if permitted to send for able absentees who are shirking duty, its effective force can in thirty days be put at 630.

I have endeavored briefly to give a statement of the operations of the Sixth Kentucky Regiment from the time of leaving Pittsburg and the evacuation of Corinth. I am at a loss to know what is meant by the termination of the pursuit of the enemy, as we were still after them.

In obedience to Order, Numbers 99, and order issued under it, this report is made and respectfully submitted.

W. C. WHITAKER,

Colonel Sixth Regiment Kentucky Volunteers.

The GENERAL COMMANDING ARMY OF THE OHIO.

Numbers 111. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George S. Mygatt, Forty-first Ohio Infantry.

BATTLE-FIELD OF PITTSBURG LANDING, April 9, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with orders received from Colonel W. B. Hazen, commanding brigade, my command lay upon their arms all the night of the 6th, and at daybreak on the morning of the 7th I advanced, formed in column by division, as a reserve, on the line of advance up to that point where the skirmishers were driven in and where the advanced line engaged the enemy.

I then deployed my command, still holding it as a reserve, and twice during the early part of the engagement changed front to the rear on the ninth company, to avoid an enfilading fire of a battery on the enemy's right center. Both of these movements were executed promptly and without confusion. In fact, every movement made by the regiment was executed with as much coolness as upon our ordinary drill ground, and great credit is due for its perfect obedience to all orders, though the regiment was under a heavy fire for nearly four hours without being able to return a single shot. About 11 o'clock a. m. the enemy charged boldly and in large force upon our right, and I was then ordered by General Nelson, Colonel Hazen being in another part of the

