
field, to charge upon the enemy. At this command the regiment rushed upon the enemy, firing as it advanced, and drove them back at the point of the bayonet for over a half mile, in the face of a galling infantry and artillery fire, when our advance was checked, the retreating enemy being supported by two additional regiments of infantry, and the regiment retired in good order, ready to renew the struggle wherever its assistance might be needed. It was in this part of the engagement that we sustained our heaviest loss.

I regret to announce the following casualties in the nine companies engaged in the action, Company G, Captain Munn, having been left at Savannah to protect our regimental train.*

* * * * * * *

RECAPITULATION.

Engaged, 18 officers, 355 enlisted men-373.

Killed, 22; seriously wounded, 49; slightly wounded, 62; missing, 7.

All of the officers behaved with the greatest gallantry, and many instances of personal courage and daring were displayed. Four different persons were shot down in carrying our colors through that destructive charge. Great credit is due Captain A. Wiley, acting lieutenant-colonel, and Captain E. Opdycke for the promptness with which they repeated all commands and for the valuable assistance they rendered during the engagement.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO S. MYGATT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Forty-first Ohio Volunteers.

Numbers 112. Report of Colonel Sanders D. Bruce, Twentieth Kentucky Infantry, commanding Twenty-second Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-SECOND BRIGADE, Camp on the Field of Battle, April 10, 1862.

The Twenty-second Brigade crossed the river on Sunday at 5.30 p. m., after a forced march from Savannah, and upon the points indicated by the general commanding the division, under the immediate supervision of the colonel commanding the brigade, they formed in line of battle, and rested on their arms during the night. About 4 o'clock a. m. the colonel commanding ordered forward six companies of skirmishers and the brigade followed-the First Kentucky on the right, Second Kentucky on the left, and the Twentieth Kentucky acting as reserve. After marching about half a mile in this order our skirmishers encountered those of the enemy. A brisk fire was maintained, our skirmishers advancing as those of the enemy receded for about three-quarters of an hour, when they opened upon us with artillery. Their battery was gallantly charged by the skirmishers of the First Kentucky, assisted by a portion of those of the Nineteenth Brigade, and they succeeded in capturing one of the guns, but were unable to

---------------

*Nominal list omitted. But see revised statement, p. 106.

---------------

