
In retiring we were attacked by a large body of the enemy, who made a desperate effort to obtain possession of our colors, but fighting our way through to the right we emerged from the thickest of the contest with about one-third of the regiment, but with our colors safe, although riddled with grape and musket-balls. We remained outside of the fight until the men were again rallied, when Captain Fry, assistant adjutant-general, of General Buell's staff, ordered us forward to the support of a battery that had engaged one on the enemy's side. We remained acting as support but a few moments, when, with a portion of Colonel Dunham's Indiana regiment, we charged the enemy's battery, routing them completely and securing their guns, one of which I had run to the rear and spiked, and the rest were turned upon the enemy's cavalry, who were observed retreating in great numbers through the woods on our right. We remained on the ground thus obtained until several regiments joined us, when I withdrew and joined our brigade.

In conclusion, I beg leave to make mention of the brave conduct of my officers, several of whom displayed the most heroic bravery. Captain Spellmeyer was killed in rallying his company around the colors. Captains Bodine and Smith both fell severely wounded at the head of their commands. Lieutenants Miller and Taylor and Adjutant Weinedel received wounds whilst encouraging the men. Lieutenant-Colonel Spencer, Major Hurd, Captains Whittlesey and Stacy, and Lieutenants Cook, Hurd, Bonticon, Tuley, Lauman, Thayer, and Bell all displayed great courage during the entire day.

Captains Browne and Baldwin and Lieutenants Martin and Brannon, and all the men engaged in the skirmishing, executed their share of the work in the bravest possible manner.

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

T. D. SEDGEWICK,

Colonel, Commanding Second Kentucky.

S. T. CORN, Actg. Asst. Adjt. Gen., Second Brigade.

Numbers 115. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles S. Hanson, Twentieth Kentucky Infantry.

FIELD OF BATTLE OF SHILOH, April 9, 1862.

SIR: The number in the engagement from this regiment was 389 men. One company, having been detailed at Savannah to assist in transporting the artillery, was left there, and did not arrive in time to participate in the engagement.

We arrived at Pittsburg Landing on Sunday evening about 5 o'clock, with the other regiments of the Twenty-second Brigade, and crossed the river that evening and formed in line of battle on the hill above the Landing, this regiment forming the reserve and occupying the interval opposite the other two. We bivouacked that night, and in the morning, between 4 and 5 o'clock, were promptly formed in line of battle, and in a few minutes marched to attack the enemy, and were halted with the other regiments a short distance behind the scene of action. There we remained until about 9 o'clock, when we were ordered to move forward to support the other two regiments of the brigade as they went into the engagement.

