
Numbers 116. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edward M. McCook, Second Indiana Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND INDIANA CAVALRY, On Field of Battle, April 10, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that my regiment arrived opposite to Pittsburg Landing on Sunday evening, the 6th instant, with the rest of General Nelson's division, and in accordance with his orders remained there till the evening of the 7th, when they crossed to this side. The only portion of my command in the action were men detailed as orderlies for the different brigade commanders of this division. Out of this number there are reported wounded Corporal Miller, Company H, and Private Beasker, Company L; missing, one private from Company K, name unknown, and cannot be ascertained until his company, now on temporary duty at Savannah, comes up.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. M. KENDRICK,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Fourth Division, Army of the Ohio.

Numbers 117. Report of Brigadier General Thomas L. Crittenden, U. S. Army, commanding Fifth Division.

HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO, Field of Shiloh, April 15, 1862.

COLONEL: In obedience to an order from headquarters, of the 8th instant, requiring me to make a report of the part taken in the battle of the 6th and 7th instant, by the troops under my command, I have the honor to submit the following report:

On the 6th instant, when encamped near Savannah, I was informed by a note from Captain Wright that the forces under Generals McCook and Wood had been ordered to push forward as rapidly as possible to Pittsburg Landing. Captain Wright, in his note, inquired if I had received any order, stating that he had received none, for the advance of my command. Being in front of both the columns named, and believing that an order had been sent and had miscarried, I ordered my command to move at once, intending to march to Pittsburg Landing. As I was in the act of starting I received an order form Colonel Fry, assistant adjutant-general, to bring my command by boat, if not already on the road. My command, consisting of the Eleventh and Fourteenth Brigades, under General J. T. Boyle and Colonel W. S. Smith, two batteries of artillery, under Captains Mendenhall and Bartlett, and of Jackson's regiment of cavalry, the Third Kentucky, were all embarked in the most rapid manner, except Jackson's cavalry, which marched at once to the landing opposite Pittsburg Landing, and reached that point in good time and ready for the fight. I was very anxious to have this regiment with me on the field, and reported its presence to General Buell; but no transportation could be furnished, and this gallant corps was condemned to hold their horses almost in sight of comrades engaged

