
in a terrible conflict, and hindered by an impassable barrier from bringing aid or sharing in the perils and honors of the day.

We reached Pittsburg Landing at about 9 o'clock p.m. By order of General Buell my command was debarked as soon as it could be done, it being important to send back the boat, that McCook's division might be brought up for the battle of the next day. We had great difficulty in landing our troops. The bank of the river at the landing was covered with from 6,000 to 10,000 entirely demoralized soldiery. I was so disgusted, that I asked General Buell to permit me to land a regiment and drive them away. I did not wish my troops to come in contact with them. We landed, however, forcing our way through this mob, and stood to our arms all night on the road, half a mile from the landing, at the place designated by General Buell. At about 5 a. m. we were conducted to our position by General Buell in person. My division took its position on the right of General Nelson. When General McCook came upon the field he took his position (directed by General Buell, as I am informed) on my right, which placed me in the center of our army. The position assigned to my command was maintained throughout the day. We were exposed to several attacks from very superior forces; all were repelled nobly; my division only left its position to advance. The Eleventh Brigade, under General Boyle, consisting of the Nineteenth and Fifty-ninth Ohio and Ninth and Thirteenth Kentucky Regiments, formed the right of my line; the Fourteenth Brigade, under Colonel Smith, formed the left; the Fifty-ninth Ohio was held as a reserve to the Eleventh Brigade, and the Eleventh Kentucky as a reserve to the Fourteenth Brigade.

My command was exposed frequently, and, for a large part of the day, to a severe fire from artillery of shot and shell, and passed through this ordeal like soldiers; a few, frightened for a moment, were brought back at once by the command of their officers.

The Fourteenth Brigade, at a critical time in the action, moved promptly at the command and charged through a dense thicket, driving out at once four or five times their number, who came charging and shouting upon our lines. When the charge was ordered I dispatched Captain Starling to bring up Hobson's regiment, the Thirteenth Kentucky, to the support of the Fourteenth Brigade. This regiment came promptly, in good order, and in time to share the perils and honors of the charge. At the same time Colonel Beatty's regiment, the Nineteenth Ohio, moved up and sustained Bartlett's battery, on the right, under a severe fire.

The enemy being driven from before us, our troops quietly and in order came back to their original position. I did not deem it right to advance my lines without an order from General Buell, lest I might expose the right of General Nelson, now pressed with a terrible conflict on my left. The enemy again occupied the thicket, but were finally driven from it by a handsome charge from the Ninth Kentucky, under Colonel Grider, and the Fifty-ninth Ohio, under Colonel Fyffe, and never ventured to occupy it again.

I am glad to know that Colonel Beatty and his regiment, the Nineteenth Ohio, detached during the battle and sent to the assistance of General Nelson, have both been handsomely noticed for their conduct by that distinguished officer.

General J. T. Boyle behaved with conspicuous gallantry, sharing every danger of his command, inspiring his troops with a confidence and courage like his own. Colonel W. S. Smith, commanding the Fourteenth Brigade, joined his command but a day or two previous to the

