
battle. He brought his command well into the fight, and was eminent for his service throughout the day. The gallant services of Captain Mendenhall and his company of artillery I know have been handsomely noticed by General Nelson. Toward the conclusion of the battle Captain Mendenhall brought his battery to my center and did good service, disabling in a few moments a battery of the enemy, which was afterwards captured by my command. Captain Bartlett and his company of artillery served almost throughout the day in a position near to my own. To this officer and his battery my whole division gives praise. Coolness and efficiency marked the conduct of all this company.

Captain Bartlett and Lieutenant Marshall attracted my attention by their bravery and conduct.

My adjutant general, Captain Lyne Starling, rendered most constant and efficient service; his bravery was conspicuous. My aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Louis M. Buford, was always at my side, prompt for any duty, and discharging it always like a soldier.

Dr. Goldsmith, medical director to the Fifth Division, came to me on the field, and notified me of the place where he would prepare for the wounded. I immediately gave notice to my command of this arrangement, and my wounded were promptly and well attended to by this efficient officer.

I will not close this report without mentioning the fact that my escort, under Lieutenant Petrie, from Jackson's cavalry regiment, exposed themselves so freely, and as I thought unnecessarily, that I ordered them all to the rear but two. These two behaved so well that I must mention the names of Corp. Isaac Walker and Private William Bendon. The Fourteenth Wisconsin Regiment, under Colonel D. E. Wood, reported to my division by order of General Buell, and were assigned to the Fourteenth Brigade, under Colonel W. S. Smith. The conduct of this regiment has been referred to by Colonel Smith in his report, and I herewith inclose the report of Colonel Wood, showing the part taken in the action by his command, and containing a list of the casualties in his regiment which occurred in the battle.

In this well-contested fight we have to mourn the loss of many of our bravest and best officers and men. For the numerous cases of gallant and meritorious conduct in the officers and soldiers of my division, as well as the lists of those killed and wounded in the engagement, I beg the attention of the general commanding the Army of the Ohio to the reports of my subordinate officers, herewith submitted. The aggregate of killed, wounded, and missing is reported as follows: Killed, 80; wounded, 417; missing, 21; total, 518.*

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel J. B. FRY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 118. Report of Brigadier General Jeremiah T. Boyle, U. S. Army, commanding Eleventh Brigade.

HDQRS. ELEVENTH BRIG., FIFTH DIV., ARMY OF THE OHIO, Battle-field of Shiloh, Tenn., in Camp, April 10, 1862.

GENERAL: At a late hour on the night of the 6th instant I disem-

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 107.

---------------

