
officers and men, with coolness and courage, until the colonel ordered them back to a position from under the fire of the enemy's battery. The regiment fell back in good order, with the exception of a few men, and retained the position until the guns of the enemy were silenced by the well-directed fire of Captain Bartlett's battery. Major Edwards, acting lieutenant-colonel, was shot dead from his horse, and a number of the privates killed and wounded. I ordered Colonel Beatty from the position which he had taken up to the left, and in advance of the position before occupied by him, into and under cover of the underbrush to the left of the old field, within supporting distance of Captain Bartlett's battery. The enemy seemed to be deflecting his forces and making his attack upon the left of the center, in the direction of Captain Mendenhall's battery, which had shelled them with fearful destruction, when General Buell, in person, ordered the Ninth Kentucky, Colonel Grider, and Fifty-ninth Ohio, Colonel Fyffe, to advance rapidly and engage and drive back the enemy. Colonel Grider led his men gallantly in the attack, well supported by most of his officers and men. They youthful Lieutenant Underwood, of that regiment, behaved with the gallantry of a veteran soldier, going in advance of his men, and was shot through the sword-arm, and lost his sword. In his attack Colonel Grider had 3 of his commissioned officers killed and 10 wounded. The Fifty-ninth Ohio, Colonel Fyffe, gallantly and bravely supported Colonel Grider in this attack, and sustained a loss of 6 killed and 21 wounded. I refer to the reports from the commanders of these regiments for the details of their operations.

During this engagement on the left of your center your ordered me to withdraw the Nineteenth Ohio, Colonel Beatty, from his position, and advance him to the extreme left, to report to and support General Nelson. I ordered him up immediately, when you sent him forward to report to General Nelson, where we remained until the battle was over. I am gratified to state that General Nelson complimented him to me for his gallant bearing, and that of his command, while under his orders.

Pending the engagement on the left of your center I was commanded by General Buell to order up Lieutenant-Colonel Maxwell, with his regiment reformed, and a portion of Wisconsin troops, formed by my order under a captain, and placed under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Maxwell, to advance and support Captain Bartlett's battery. The enemy being driven back by the gallant soldiers of our army at every point, the firing soon ceased along our whole lines from right to left, making it evident the battle was over and a great victory won by the Army of the Ohio.

It is proper to mention the gallant conduct of Captain Boyle, my assistant adjutant-general and acting aide-de-camp in the field, and my aides-de-camp, Lieutenants Liggett and Hughes, all of whom displayed coolness and courage and rendered efficient service. Lieutenant Farris, of the Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, who had been serving as brigade quartermaster, awaiting orders since the battle of Shiloh, appointed quartermaster of this brigade, by my permission acted also as aide, deporting himself with fearless courage and coolness. Captain Lyne Starling, of your staff, besides bearing your orders in the midst of the hottest of the battle, rendered me efficient aid, for which I thank him.

For detailed operations of the regiments of this brigade I refer to the accompanying reports from the commanding officers of the various regiments.

The casualties in my command amounted to 208-40 killed and 176

