
wounded. Lists of casualties of the respective regiments are handed herewith.*

The officers and men of my command, with a few exceptions, behaved in a manner and spirit worthy of the great cause in which they are engaged and of our country.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier General, Commanding Eleventh Brigade, Army of the Ohio.

Brigadier General T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Fifth Division, Army of the Ohio.

Numbers 119. Report of Colonel Benjamin C. Grider, Ninth Kentucky Infantry.

APRIL 8, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit to you my report of the part taken by the Ninth Regiment of Kentucky Volunteers in the battle of Chickasaw Bluffs, fought on Monday, April 7, 1862. We were landed from the steamboat John J. Roe the night before, about 11 o'clock, and marched a short distance to a part of the battle-field of the day before, where, without blankets or overcoats, we slept on our arms, in a heavy rain, very near to the enemy. About day, without breakfast, we were marched to the scene of action, the firing commencing just as we started. On arriving we were formed on the left of one line of your Eleventh Brigade, and just in the rear of and in position to protect the two batteries of the division (Captains Mendenhall's and Bartlett's), then in action in the center of our line. A portion of your brigade being drawn up a short distance in front of us, we were ordered to here remain and defend the batteries till further orders, which we did for an hour or more, the shot and shell of the enemy passing over and falling among us thick and fast. We then received an order from you to advance and form on the left of the front line of your brigade, then preparing to move into action in the center.

At this moment, it becoming apparent that the enemy in force, and with great probability of success, were trying to turn our left, General Crittenden, just as I was moving off under your orders, rode up to me and ordered me to follow him, left in front, which I did in double-quick. He led us to the left, and ordered me to form in the edge of a road, in front of a very dense chaparral, and stand till he could bring the Fifty-ninth Ohio, Colonel Fyffe, to form on my right. I had scarcely got them into line, which I did quickly, when General Buell came up and ordered me to move forward at once and quickly. I gave the order, and it was most promptly obeyed. The very thick growth of timber and underbrush of course threw them into much disorder, which was greatly increased by reaching a small branch, over shoe-top deep in mud and water, in the center of a hollow running nearly parallel with our line. While crossing this we were fired into by the enemy, about double our numbers, lying concealed on the ascent from the hollow, and less than 10 paces from us. We saw no one until we were notified of their presence by a most deadly and terrific fire. Some of our men and officers recoiled, but at once recovered; a few left the field; the large majority stood firm, returned their fire, advanced upon them,

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 107.

---------------

