
privates killed, 14; wounded, 67, of whom about one-half are dangerously wounded.

Permit me to add that most of my officers and men behaved well, maintaining bravely and nobly the honor of their native States--Kentucky and Tennessee--in which the regiment was formed. Many of them acted like heroes, and more determined bravery and coolness could not be exhibited. I mention with pleasure and pride, as principal among them, Adjt. J. H. Grider; Captains Austin, Cram, Bailey, Bryan, Vetter, Coyle, Chinowth, and Harling; Lieutenants Reed, Moore, Tate, Stout, Jenkins, Underwood, Clarke, Faulkner, and Smith Pipkins. Some of them were not commissioned, as they had but recently been elected to the officers, but were acting in them, and steps had been taken to procure commissions. Lieutenant Tate, when killed, and Captains Cram and Austin and Lieutenant Warner Underwood, when wounded, were in advance of their men, calling on them to follow, while the other officers named were at all times at their places, or in advance of and encouraging and rallying the men by precept and example. Asst. Surg. John A. Lindsay did his part nobly and bravely, not only in his profession, but often took the field and the places of killed, wounded, or missing officers, and was of very great service.

Most respectfully submitted.

B. C. GRIDER,

Colonel, Commanding Ninth Kentucky Volunteers.

Brigadier-General BOYLE.

Numbers 120. Report of Colonel Edward H. Hobson, Thirteenth Kentucky Infantry.

HDQRS. THIRTEENTH REGIMENT KENTUCKY VOLUNTEERS, On Battle-field, April 10, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the Thirteenth Regiment Kentucky Volunteers, under my command, were landed from the steamer Planet on the night of the 6th instant near Pittsburg, Tenn. I was ordered by you to take position in line of battle on the left of Colonel Beatty, Nineteenth Ohio, and to remain in position until further ordered. Your order was promptly complied with, the men resting on their arms throughout the night in a drenching rain. At or about daylight on the 7th your ordered me to move my regiment by the right flank and take position on the right of Captain Mendenhall's battery. We were in that position but a short time when the enemy opened a heavy fire with shot and shell, which ranged over the battery and my regiment, a heavy fire commencing on the left of the battery, in which the Fourteenth Brigade were engaged. Your ordered me to throw out my two flanking companies as skirmishers, to notice the movements of the enemy. Soon after receiving this order General Crittenden ordered me to move my regiment in double-quick time to the support of Colonel Hawkins, Eleventh Kentucky. Marching my regiment, left in front, through a thick chaparral, we found the enemy in considerable force, behind logs and trees, but a short distance in front, when I ordered my me to open fire, which was done in gallant style. We were engaged about twenty-fiver minutes, when a portion of my line was broken by

