
stragglers from the Fourteenth Wisconsin Regiment, which caused a slight recoil on the part of a few of my rear rank men. They were soon rallied, and poured in a heavy fire on the enemy's lines, thinning their ranks and driving them from the field. During the engagement of my regiment in the chaparral the enemy's battery were throwing in shot and shell, endeavoring by that means to drive me from my position, but, the range being too high, caused but few casualties. Captain Mendenhall with his battery was ordered into position, and my regiment was ordered to take position immediately on his right, to afford him necessary support.

A heavy firing commencing on our left, General Crittenden ordered me to hold my regiment in readiness to charge the enemy's battery, which I did, in connection with Colonel Hawkins' Eleventh Kentucky, both regiments advancing in order and occasionally meeting the enemy, driving them before us until we arrived at a section of battery in our front, which had been abandoned by the enemy, they falling back in confusion. A section of battery on our left was captured about the same time by Colonel Fyffe's Fifty-ninth Ohio and Colonel B. C. Grider's Ninth Kentucky, they moving on the left, and my regiment and Eleventh Kentucky, Colonel Hawkins, on the right, supporting Captain Bartlett's battery.

During the whole day's engagement the men under my command, with but a few exceptions, acted with the utmost coolness and gallantry, and if affords me great pleasure to state that my officers and non-commissioned officers deserve credit for their gallant conduct on the field. Major W. E. Hobson deserves the highest praise for his noble bearing and conduct throughout the day. His horse having been shot under him put him to but little inconvenience, as he soon supplied himself with another, urging the men to do their duty as Kentuckians. Captain D. T. Towles, acting major, deserves special mention for his assistance; also Surg. C. D. Moore, for his prompt attention to the wounded, he being in the thickest of the fight. Asst. Surg. Isaac G. Ingram rendered prompt and efficient service to the wounded in the hospital. Act. Adjt. William Stewart is entitled to praise for his service and conduct during the entire engagement.

The casualties in my regiment are in killed, 8; wounded, 37, and missing, 20.*

Respectfully submitted.

E. H. HOBSON,

Colonel, Comdg. Thirteenth Regiment Kentucky Volunteers.

Brigadier-General BOYLE, Commanding Eleventh Brigade.

Numbers 121. Report of Colonel Samuel Beatty, Nineteenth Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. NINETEENTH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS, Camp on Field of Battle, near Pittsburg Landing, Tenn., April 9, 1862.

GENERAL: I submit the following report of the part taken by the Nineteenth Regiment Ohio Volunteers during the action fought at this place on the 7th of April, 1862:

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 107.

---------------

