
he was carried to the rear, his death would be of little consequence if we gained the battle. The firing continued until stopped by order of General Crittenden, who ordered skirmishers to be thrown forward, the regiment to follow, which was executed; Lieutenant Watson, of Company A, capturing a rebel captain in the brush, who was turned over to Captain Farris, of General Boyle's staff.

After passing the jungle to command still advanced, passing a field on the left, above which, on the crest of a ridge, was seen a rebel battery, apparently partially disabled, upon which the command immediately advanced; Captain Sheafe's company capturing a gunner, the rest escaping to a log dwelling-house about 100 yards distant, where also was stationed, apparently, an infantry support. Lieutenant-Colonel Olmstead was instantly dispatched to report to any general he might find the condition of affairs, and ask for a battery to occupy the position and more force to help sustain it. As the regiment reached a position by the guns the firing commenced from the building in the rear, while it at the same time received a raking fire from a battery across a field to the left, and being unacquainted with the position of our batteries, could not tell at the moment whether it might not be firing on us by mistake, and the regiment was ordered to fall back toward the ravine beyond which it passed, and while extricating it from that position a battery and infantry support came up, and General Buell ordered the regiment to be moved up the hill immediately to support the same, which was instantly done, and the position maintained until the contest ended.

In conclusion I desire to express my satisfaction with the conduct of all the officers of the regiment and also with the men, as I was enabled to march them into and occupy any position ordered either by yourself, General Crittenden, or General Buell.

The following is the number of casualties in the regiment: Killed, 6; wounded, 21; missing (deserted), 2.*

JAMES P. FYFFE,

Colonel Fifty-ninth Ohio Volunteers, U. S. Army.

Brigadier General J. T. BOYLE.

Numbers 123. Report of Colonel William S. Smith, Thirteenth Ohio Infantry, commanding Fourteenth Brigade.

SHILOH FIELDS, TENN., April 11, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Fourteenth Brigade in the engagement of Monday, the 7th instant, at this place:

The brigade, after having bivouacked during the night of the 6th instant on the hill near the Pittsburg Landing, was put in motion at 6 o'clock a. m. on the 7th and marched to the front, and placed in position in prolongation of the line of General Nelson's division, then hotly engaged. The Fourteenth Wisconsin Volunteers, temporarily attached to my brigade, was drawn up in line of battle on the right, the Thir-

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 107.

---------------

