
lists of killed, wounded, and missing; which in the aggregate amount to, in killed, 23; in wounded, 156; in missing, 9; making a total of 188.*

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

W. S. SMITH,

Colonel Thirteenth Ohio, Comdg. Fourteenth Brigade.

Captain LYNE STARLING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 124. Report of Colonel Pierce B. Hawkins, Eleventh Kentucky Infantry.

DQRS. ELEVENTH REGIMENT KY., VOLS., U. S. ARMY, Camp, Shiloh Fields, April 11, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part the regiment under my command took in the engagement at Shiloh fields on the 7th instant. Having arrived at Pittsburg Landing late Sunday night, the 6th, we bivouacked in an open field, my men exposed to a tremendous shower of rain during the night. The next morning at early dawn, without any refreshment, we took up the line of march for the field of battle, some 2 miles distant, arriving there about 7 o'clock. At the time of our arrival the battle was raging furiously, our lines being drawn up. The position assigned my regiment was in the rear about 50 yards, as a reserve and support. After taking our position your ordered me to throw out a company of skirmishers, which I did, by ordering Company A, Lieutenant J. M. Elms commanding, who promptly executed the order. Scarcely had they been deployed when they were fired upon by a large body of the enemy concealed in the brush and undergrowth in their front. In a few minutes afterward my skirmishers were forced to retire on account of overwhelming numbers of the enemy. The firing now became general along the lines. During this time my regiment had remained as first drawn up, exposed to the bursting of shell and the hail of grape shot showered upon us from the rebel batteries, and just here we had several soldiers wounded. We were then ordered forward by you to the line of battle. There not being space sufficient to form it between Bartlett's battery on my right and the Fourteenth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers on my left, we became entangled with them, still pressing forward in that condition, engaging the enemy, who were drawn up in considerable numbers in the brush and playing upon us from their batteries, and from some cause or other we were compelled to fall back to the original line of battle. I then, by your order, charged on the enemy, and succeeded in driving them a considerable distance before me, and captured one piece of artillery, but was unable to hold it on account of the overwhelming numbers of the enemy brought to its support. We therefore had to fall back a second time. I was then the third time ordered to charge this gun, which my men did in gallant style, and succeeded in capturing and holding it until the engagement ceased for the day.

I cannot close this report without mentioning the services rendered and courage displayed by all my officers and men. Lieutenant Colonel S. P. Love and Major E. L. Mottley-of these two officers I cannot say too much; found always at their post, except at times when their ardor

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 107.

---------------

