
they are a fine looking set of men and go at the work quite cheerfully. Cannot the Governor of Virginia furnish arms or the Government of the Confederate States?

My plan is to put such as cannot produce arms ar cannot be supplied with them into a camp of instruction in my rear, and drill them in the movements of company and battalion until they can get arms, when of course they may be marched at once to the battle. No times is designated for them to turn out, and so I turn them out until they shall be discharged. I hope to raise 5,000 by this process, but I do not look for any greater number from the counties assigned to me.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

H. MARSHALL,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army Confederate States.

No. 6 GENERAL ORDERS, LEBANON, VA., March 14, 1862.

The brigadier-general commanding directs that hereafter all passage and communication across the Cumberland range of mountains between Kentucky and Virginia, either way, within the boundaries of Lee, Wise, and Buchanan Counties, shall cease, unless the same shall be conducted under military passport from brigade headquarters.

Any future infraction of this order will, if detected at any time, be summarily punished. The general relies on his officers to assist him in the execution of a requisition so palpably connected with and necessary to the welfare of the people as this is. The country is infested with spies.

Unless a man now comes from Kentucky to join the army and to assist to defend his country and to secure the independence of the Southern Confederacy he had better remain at home. If he is living at home, subdued by tyranny, or satisfied with the usurpations of Lincoln, and has only enterprise enough to come into the Southern States to collect money or to arrange business connected with property, such a man had better stay away from a people whose whole energies now belong to their country.

Any man who wishes to enlist will sign the articles of enlistment and put himself at once under at the outposts. Such we hail as friend and make them our comrades. Let no others pass. If any others do pass arrest them and put them into camp under the instruction of a drill-master, to teach them in the school of the soldier until they are ready to be attached to a company. Good men, who are friends to the South, will not regret such coercion. Enemies will thus be harmlessly employed, and we may convert them into friends by healthy exercise and continued association.

No distinction of persons will be made in the execution of this order. No ties of friendship or relations of kindred shall justify an infraction of it. No plea of business or of interest will serve to avoid its force. The man who is detected hereafter in stealing through the lines of this army, knowing that he is violating this order, shall be treated as a spy summarily.

By order of-

H. MARSHALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

