
determined to accomplish to objects in view, and although our plans were for the time being frustrated by unforeseen cause, the spirits of the men never for an instant failed them, but each succeeding attempt to overpower the enemy was made with renewed courage and confidence in their abilities.

In the afternoon and toward to close of the battle, the regiment was reformed, and with the major portion of the brigade changed its position down the road and to the right of that occupied in the morning. A sudden dash of the enemy was here made upon Mendenhall's battery, which had been posted on the road in advance of us. Our lines were immediately placed under command of Actg. Brigadier General W. S. Smith, and the Thirteenth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, forming a part of the first line of attack, charged upon and drove back the enemy, and again captured the rebel battery which we had failed to hold in the morning. The charge was brilliant and decisive. The position was held against a strong effort of the rebels to regain possession of their battery.*

Very respectfully,

J. G. HAWKINS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Thirteenth Regiment Ohio Vol. Infantry.

F. J. JONES, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 127. Reports of Colonel David E. Wood, Fourteenth Wisconsin Infantry.
HDQRS. FOURTEENTH WISCONSIN VOLUNTEERS, April 11, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you the part taken by my command in the action of the 7th instant.

My men received the fire of the enemy with great credit to themselves, although it was the first time they had been in action. During the action my command attacked and took possession of a battery which was planted in front of the left wing and passed some 50 paces beyond the battery, when the enemy, by a superior force, caused them to fall back; they rallied again, and a second time took the guns, which are now upon the battle-field. The battery is believed to be a Louisiana battery. One other gun was spiked by First Lieutenant George Staley, of Company D; and Captain George E. Waldo, Company E, bravely leading on his men, fell in this attack.

Total killed, 14; total wounded, 73; total missing, 4.+

The officers of my regiment conducted themselves in a very creditable manner. Lieutenant Colonel I. E. Messmore rendered valuable service in the former part of the action, but received a fall from his horse, and was compelled to leave the field before the action closed. Major John Hancock conducted himself with bravery throughout the action and rendered very valuable service.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,D. E. WOOD,

Colonel Fourteenth Wisconsin Volunteers.

Colonel SMITH, Commanding Brigade.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted; embodied in revised statement, p. 107.

+Nominal list omitted. But see revised statement, p. 105.

---------------

