
pany E, as well as a number of privates, fell at this time. My regiment, being new, in their excitement advanced some 70 or 80 paces beyond the battery, and there were repulsed by a superior force of the enemy and fell back a considerable distance in some disorder, but soon rallied and advanced with the main line upon the battery, which was then recaptured and held. The battery referred to I believe was a Louisiana battery. During the engagement my men several times wavered under a galling fire, but in each instance rallied promptly, and remained in their position until the day was won. I then ordered them to rendezvous at the place where their blankets and haversacks had been left in the morning, near the Landing.

I herewith send you, as a part of this report, a complete list of the killed, wounded, and missing.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. E. WOOD,

Colonel Fourteenth Wisconsin Volunteers.

Major General U. S. GRANT.

Numbers 128. Report of Captain John Mendenhall, Fourth U. S. Artillery, Chief of Artillery, Fifth Division.

BIVOUAC NEAR PITTSBURG, TENN., April 9, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my battery in the action of the 7th instant:

After having disembarked and formed in column of pieces upon the bluff above the Landing I was ordered by General Crittenden to advance with the Fifth Division toward the scene of action. On my way thither my battery was detached by General Buell and sent to a position upon the right of an open field, near the left of our lines, where a brisk firing was going on between the rebel infantry posted in the opposite woods and our own near me. I opened fire at once upon the enemy with my sections of rifled guns. My left section had been previously halted by General Buell, but was soon afterward ordered up. My fire was now returned by the enemy's artillery, posted apparently in rear of his infantry, but so screened from observation by the forest that his position could only be determined by watching the smoke of his pieces. After about half an hour the enemy ceased firing, but soon after opened a gain with artillery and infantry, but to the right of his former position. I immediately answered, and in a very short time his fire again ceased. After a brief interval he recommenced a well-directed fire from his first battery, to which I replied at once, at the same time separating my pieces somewhat, to avoid a concentration of fire upon my whole battery. After about ten minutes' duration the enemy's fire ceased for a short time, and was not renewed again from the same battery until late in the action. Half an hour afterward, however, he opened from a battery to my right, and evidently in anticipation of an advance upon the center of our lines. I at once changed front, and replied first with case shot and subsequently with canister, as the enemy's infantry

---------------

*The nominal list shows 1 officer and 13 men killed, 3 officers and 71 men wounded, and 2 men missing. But see revised statement, p. 105.

---------------

