
advanced through the underbrush. So disastrous was the effect of this fire that the enemy fell back and opened again upon us from his guns on the opposite side of the field, at the same time moving forward for a general advance upon our left. As this movement was continued we received, besides the direct fire of the enemy's first battery, a destructive enfilading fire from artillery and infantry on his right.

Finding our left closely engaged I changed front in that direction, and reopened with case shot and canister so effectively that the enemy's second battery was silenced; when, finding our infantry intervening, I changed position to the right and again engaged his first battery, which at this time recommenced firing upon us. The first section of Captain Terrill's battery also opened upon the same, and firing was maintained at intervals for about an hour and a half, when the enemy ceased firing. His third battery then opened upon the right of our center, but, our own infantry being between himself and my battery, I changed the position of the howitzer, in order to open with canister upon his flank as soon as it should be unmasked by our infantry. Before this occurred, however, our troops drove the enemy back, when I opened upon his first battery, to which he replied with but two shots. His fire was evidently directed upon our right, then pressing him to a rapid retreat, and in a short time his battery ceased firing.

At this moment I was directed, by orders from General Buell, to move around to the right and silence a rebel battery from which a heavy firing was being carried on against the Fifth Division. I moved briskly to the point designated, and as soon as our infantry could be separated to the right and left I opened upon the enemy with canister. After firing some five rounds I drove him back from his position, and moving forward occupied it myself, continuing the fire of canister upon a thicket where he had sought shelter after abandoning his guns. As soon as this thicket was cleared I moved a short distance to the left, and continued my fire upon some rebel cavalry who were retreating through the woods beyond an open field before me. After dispersing these I moved some 80 yards to the right, in rear of a burning house, for the purpose of shelling the wood beyond it, but I found that the enemy had all disappeared and their positions were being fast occupied by our forces. The rest of the day was passed under the direct notice of the general commanding, and will need, I presume, no further mention.

My battery suffered the following casualties: Killed, Privates Kelly and Williams, of Company H, Fourth Artillery. Severely wounded, Privates Riese, Campbell, and Coyle, of Company H, Fourth Artillery; Privates Quigly, of Michigan Volunteers, Alexander, Swallow, and Rooney, of Company F, Fourth Artillery, very slightly. Horses killed, 6; wounded, 8; escaped and missing, 4.

Ammunition expended: Rounds of case shot, rifle, 244; rounds of canister, rifle, 40; spherical case, howitzer, 120; shell, howitzer, 90; canister, howitzer, 32; total, 526.

I accordance with an order from General Boyle I this day sent out Lieutenant C. C. Parsons to examine the apparent effect of our fire and that of the enemy, upon which he made the following report:

BIVOUAC NEAR PITTSBURG, TENN., April 9, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to your instructions, I have this day visited the position upon which our fire was directed in the engagement of the 7th instant, and have made the following observations:

In the skirts of wood upon which our direct fire was first opened there were posted six bronze field pieces, supported by a formidable body of infantry. Of the effect-

