
ive nature of our fire upon this point I was enabled to judge from the appearance of trees shattered by case shot at very low range; of carriage wheels strewn over the ground; of one caisson completely disabled and abandoned; of dead horses, four of which were left here, and of the enemy's dead, nine of whom still remain, besides those already buried. To the rear of this point I found one gun abandoned, behind which were 5 dead horses, and around which the trees were again shattered at so low range as to show that the enemy must have been driven from this position with great loss, although from the fact that the dead had been buried I could not determine the number. I am satisfied that the cannonading from the right of this point, to which we afterwards replied, was from guns of the same battery, which was abandoned near the spot. Along the skirts of the wood enfiladed by our fire the underbrush was completely cut up, but I found only 2 dead horses to give evidence of the enemy's presence there.

Proceeding through the thicket from which the enemy emerged later in the day I found the bushes broken down by our canister and the ground thickly strewn with their dead. From the fact that our burying parties were already engaged in covering the dead, I found it impracticable, without erring upon one extreme, to determine the number killed by our own fire; but I venture to mention the fact that within the narrow area where I stood more than 100 dead were still to be counted. The position occupied by the enemy's battery silenced by our own contained 27 dead horses and 7 dead bodies still unburied. I was assured by a soldier that large numbers of the enemy's dead had already been removed from the thicket showered by our canister. In the wood beyond the field over which we last fired I found the remains of 2 horses and graves in which a number of the dead had been buried, but how great I could not ascertain.

In terminating these observations I could not forbear remarking that in every case except one our battery, although engaged with a superior artillery force of the enemy, excelled the latter in accuracy of aim, range, and destructive effect.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. C. PARSONS,

First Lieutenant, Fourth Artillery.

Captain JOHN MENDENHALL, Chief of Artillery, Fifth Division.

It gives me pleasure to call attention to the coolness and courage exhibited by my officers, First Lieutenant Charles C. Parsons, Second Lieutenant, S. Canby, and Henry A. Huntington, all of the Fourth U. S. Artillery, all of whom rendered me most valuable and efficient service throughout the engagement. Lieutenant Parsons commanded the right section (Rodman's rifled guns), and Lieutenant Canby the left section (12-pounder howitzers). Lieutenant Huntington took charge of one of the howitzers during the firing. Bartlett's battery was separated from me before I engaged the enemy, and remained so separated until the battle was over. I have the honor herewith to inclose his report.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN MENDENHALL,

Captain, Fourth Art., U. S. A., and Chief of Art. Fifth Div.

Numbers 129. Report of Captain Joseph Bartlett, Battery G, First Ohio Light Artillery.

CAPTAIN BARTLETT'S BATTERY, First Regiment Ohio Volunteer Light Artillery, April 8, 1862.

SIR: The battery was placed in position by Captain Fry, assistant adjutant-general; commenced firing a little after 6 a. m.; ammunition on hand 600 rounds, consisting of 360 shell, 200 canister, 40 solid shot; total, 600. The whole amount was expended during the action. The battery was placed in position commanding an open field, which was surrounded by a thicket, a road running through the thicket on our left. The right section commanded the right of the field and the woods beyond. The center section commanded the center of the field and the woods beyond. The left section the left of the field, the road, and the

