
thicket on the left. About 10 o'clock the enemy's skirmishers were seen on the extreme right of the field. The right and left pieces opened fire on them, expending 5 rounds each, 4 of which taking effect in a building on the extreme right of the field, the enemy immediately disappeared. The right and left pieces immediately changed to their original position and continued firing. When 500 rounds were expended the balance of the ammunition was transferred to the left section, its position being the best, the right and center sections retiring. At about quarter to 12 o'clock the enemy charged upon the left section from the thicket on the left of the field to within 60 yards of our position. We immediately opened fire upon them with canister, firing 25 rounds, the effect of which was to drive them back. We, being out of ammunition, retired from the field at about 12 m., and went to the steamboat landing for supplies of ammunition. When we returned the battle had so near ended that we did not again engage. Counted 55 dead of the enemy lying in a space of about 30 yards square, where they received our canister. The right section was commanded by Lieutenant Crable, the center by Lieutenant Osborn, the left by Lieutenant Marshall.

I would speak in highest praise of the noble and gallant conduct of Lieutenants Crable, Osborn, and Marshall, who each seemed personally at their right places during the action. I would call particular attention to Lieutenant Marshall, who commanded the left section. Too much credit cannot be given him for the manner he served the left piece. Particular praise is also due to each of Sergeants Sliney, Carter, Bills, Farwell, and Clark, and, in fact, to all the members of the company. I would make honorable mention of First Sergt. R. D. Whittlesey and Quartermaster-Sergeant Treat, who were seen foremost during the whole engagement, and whose valuable services could not have been dispensed with. I would also make particular mention of Private David W. Camp, who, though a mere boy, only fourteen years old, served as Numbers 5 man at the left piece with the skill and bravery of an old soldier during the entire engagement. I did not for a moment see him flinch. Praise is due to Actg. Lieutenant John S. White for the manner he conducted the line of caissons, and Commissary-Sergeant Clinton for valuable services by acting as cannoneer.

Yours, most respectfully,

JOSEPH BARTLETT,

Captain Battery G, First Ohio Light Artillery.

Captain JOHN MENDENHALL,

Fourth Artillery, Chief of Staff, Fifth Division.

P. S.-Agreeably to request of Brigadier-General Boyle the field was examined by an officer of the battery, who counted 106 dead in the thicket on our left and 59 dead in the wood directly in front of our position; all killed, as near as could be judged, by canister and shell. There were also 13 dead horses lying in the thicket.

Numbers 130. Report of Brigadier General Thomas J. Wood, U. S. Army, commanding Sixth Division.

HDQRS. SIXTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO, On the Battle-field, near Pittsburg, Tenn., April 10, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my division in the battle of the 7th instant:

