
part of the field on which the firing seemed to be hottest, I led it to the engagement.

By this time the valor of the troops hitherto engaged had been crowned with the deserved success of forcing the enemy from his last obstinate resistance, and it was left to the Twentieth Brigade simply to join in the pursuit. This was done at once, and though pressed with vigor, it was never near enough to reach the fugitives with small-arms, notwithstanding it was under the fire of the battery covering the retreat of the enemy. General Garfield's report is herewith submitted, showing more in detail the operations of his brigade. It was unfortunate that transports could not be obtained to bring forward the artillery with the foot of my division. I cannot doubt the usefulness and efficiency of its action, after the artillery previously engaged had been materially exhausted in pressing the retreat of the enemy, and, perhaps fortunately, causing it to degenerate into an utter rout.

As early as practicable after the pursuit had been desisted from I reported the Twentieth Brigade to the commanding general (Buell), and was ordered to place it to the right of the Twenty-first Brigade, which he had already placed in position. The two brigades bivouacked the night of the 7th instant on the line of the retreat of the enemy, ready for the battle on the morrow should he have the temerity to renew the contest.

On the 8th I was ordered to make a reconnaissance with the two brigades and Captain Stone's battery (in conjunction with two brigades and a cavalry force, under Brigadier-General Sherman), several miles in advance, on the enemy's line of retreat. By this reconnaissance it was discovered that the enemy had retreated rapidly and in disorder, leaving many of this wounded and dead in his rear. The line of retreat was marked by abandoned and destroyed stores and munitions of war and arms. Various field hospitals filled with wounded were discovered on both sides of the road by which he had retreated. It was also determined satisfactorily by the reconnaissance that the main body of the enemy repassed Lick Creek, distant several miles from the battle-field, on Monday night, leaving only a cavalry force in rear to protect his rapid retreat. The Fifteenth Brigade (Brigadier-General Hascall's) was detached, by an order of the general commanding, three days' march from the Tennessee River, to make a detour by the way of Lawrenceburg, which prevented it, notwithstanding it made a rapid and laborious forced march, from arriving on the battle-field until 10 o'clock on Tuesday morning. Worn as it then was, it was anxious to participate in the forced reconnaissance. The troops under fire behaved with great coolness and were eager to engage the enemy. The cheerfulness and alacrity with which they bore the labor and fatigue of rapid march, compactly conducted, of 140 miles, from Nashville to Savannah, is an earnest of their zeal to be present int he great battle and victory, and I take great pleasure in commending their soldierly conduct, as well on the march as in the action, to the notice of the commanding general.

From the part borne by my division in the action, where all behaved well, it is difficult to discriminate individuals for special commendation; but I deem it only an act of justice to signalize the brigade commanders, Brigadier-General Garfield, commanding the Twentieth, and Colonel Wagner, commanding the Twenty-first Brigade for their good conduct and efficiency.

To the officers of my personal staff, Captain Schlater, assistant adjutant-general, and Captain Lennard, Thirty-sixth Indiana, and Captain Clark, Twenty-ninth Indiana, aides-de-camp, as also to the officers of

