
my general staff, Lieutenant-Colonel Gass, Sixty-fourth Ohio; Surgeon Mussy, senior medical officer of the division; Lieutenant Gregg, Sixty-fifth Ohio, division commissary; Lieutenant Hunt, Sixty-fifth Ohio, division ordnance officer, and Lieutenant Martin, Twenty-first Ohio, signal officer, my thanks are specially due for their promptness and general good conduct.

A field desk was captured on the field by my division, containing the order of General A. Sidney Johnston, commanding the Grand Army of the Mississippi, organizing his army for the late great battle. The order shows how grand and well organized was the attacking force, and bears evidence that the troops had been drawn from every available source. The desk also contained a copy of General Johnston's address to his army. The address, made on the eve of the march to the encounter, shows that the commander-in-chief sought to inflame the zeal and courage of his troops by the most incendiary appeal, as well as proves how momentous was the conflict through which our troops have so fortunately and honorably passed.

A copy of the order and address is herewith submitted,* as also of my own order of congratulation to the division.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTH DIV., ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 32.
 Battle-field, near Pittsburg, Tenn., April 8, 1862.

The general commanding the division congratulates the troops on the brilliant victory achieved by the army, of which it forms a part, on the 7th instant. The enemy, flushed with the success of his operations on the 6th instant, was attacked vigorously and driven back on the 7th instant, after he had almost succeeded in getting possession of the last line of defense of our troops.

The brilliant deeds of the troops who achieved this signal success merit and will receive the tribute of our country's gratitude and admiration. Although it was not the good fortune of the division to arrive on the field of battle until just before the enemy was driven from his last stand (in which closing attack one brigade of the division actively participated), all are cheered by the consciousness of having made an extraordinary march, bearing the fatigue and privations incident thereto not only with fortitude and cheerfulness, to participate in the brilliant feat of arms which will in future render the site of the battle a classic spot in the annals of our country.

By command of Brigadier-General Wood:

WILLIAM H. SCHLATER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See A. S. Johnston's general order of March 29, 1862, and his address to the "Army of the Mississippi," April 3, 1862, following Beauregard's report (Numbers 135), post.

---------------

