
Numbers 131. Report of Brigadier General James A. Garfield, U. S. Army, commanding Twentieth Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH BRIGADE, In Bivouac, Battle-field, near Pittsburg, Tenn., April 9, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that three regiments under my command-the Thirteenth Michigan and the Sixty-fourth and Sixty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry-debarked at the Pittsburg Landing at 1.30 o'clock p. m. of Monday, the 7th instant. I had on the night of the 6th detailed Colonel Streight, with the Fifty-first Indiana Volunteer Infantry, to bring up the brigade train and also the division supply train. On landing, a fragment of the Sixth Iowa Volunteer Infantry was temporarily attached to my brigade, by command of Major-General Grant. I immediately moved my column forward about 3 miles to the front of General Buell's position, which I reached about 3 o'clock p. m. In obedience to your command I there halted to await further orders. My command was for some time under fire from the batteries of the enemy, but as he was then in retreat, and the tide of battle soon swept farther to the front, we were not engaged. In accordance with your order I moved my command to the front of our line and bivouacked during the night, having sent forward 200 men, deployed as skirmishers, a few hundred yards in advance of our position, and also a picket force of 100 on my right flank. There were no casualties in my brigade.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Twentieth Brigade.

Captain W. H. SCHLATER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 132. Report of Colonel George D. Wagner, Fifteenth Indiana Infantry, commanding Twenty-first Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST BRIGADE, In Camp, near Pittsburg, Tenn., April 9, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that this brigade arrived upon the battle-field on Monday, April 7, 1862, in time to participate in the winding up of the great battle of that date. We disembarked, and were immediately ordered by General Grant to re-enforce the left wing of the army, which was then being hotly pressed by the enemy. The Fifty-seventh Indiana Volunteers were first engaged, being thrown out to the right of the brigade and on the left of General McCook, where they did good service, advancing upon the enemy under a heavy fire with the coolness of veterans until the enemy were driven from the field. I was ordered by General Buell to take up position on the Corinth road with the remaining portion of my brigade, to wit, the Fifteenth and Fortieth Indiana and Twenty-fourth Kentucky. We advanced in line of battle, driving the enemy before us, until ordered to halt. While holding this position the enemy attacked us with infantry,

