
cavalry, and artillery. The cavalry were soon dispersed by a few volleys from our advanced line with considerable loss to themselves. The infantry retired at the same time. We captured some 40 prisoners, among whom was a field officer, a chaplain, and a surgeon, and retook some of our own men who had been captured by the enemy. The enemy at the same time retreated beyond the rang

of our guns. I was then ordered by General Buell to retain that position, which I did until your arrival.

I must be allowed to commend the coolness of both officers and men of my entire command.

My casualties during the engagement were 4 wounded, all of which were in the Fifty-seventh Indiana Regiment.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. D. WAGNER,

Colonel, Commanding Twenty-first Brigade.

Captain W. H. SCHLATER, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 133. Congratulatory orders from the Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, April 9, 1862.

Order giving thanks for the recent victories and overthrow of traitors:

First. That at meridian of the Sunday next, after receipt of this order, at the head of every regiment in the service of the United States, there shall be offered by its chaplain a prayer, giving thanks to the Lord of Hosts for the recent manifestations of His power in the overthrow of rebels and traitors, and invoking the continuance of His aid in relation to this nation by armies of patriot soldiers from the horrors of treason, rebellion, and civil war.

Second. That the thanks and congratulations of the War Department are rendered to Major-General Halleck for the signal ability and success that have distinguished all the military operations of his department, and for the spirit of courage manifested by the army under his command under every hardship and against every odds, of attacking, pursuing, and destroying the enemy wherever found.

Third. That the thanks of the Department are also given to Generals Curtis, and Sigel, and the officers and soldiers of their commands, for matchless gallantry at the bloody battle of Pea Ridge; and Major-Generals Grant and Buell, and their forces, for the glorious repulse at Pittsburg, in Tennessee; to Major-General Pope, his officers and soldiers, for the bravery and skill manifested in their operations against the rebels and traitors intrenched at Island Numbers 10, in the Mississippi River. For daring, courage, and diligent prosecution, valor, and military result those achievements are unsurpassed.

Fourth. There shall this day be a salute of 100 guns from the United States Arsenal at Washington in honor of these great victories.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Pittsburg.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

