
exposed to the vicissitudes of war to protect a class who are ever fleeing before the enemy and avariciously speculating behind the Army of their country.

The brigadier-general commanding instructs you that all white men over eighteen and under forty-five years of age who are found within the boundary of any captain's command, not being citizens of Virginia, and whose homes have, within six months past, been in another State, and who are now peacefully sojourning in this State, whether as traders or otherwise, should be embraced in the muster of the militia, and such shall, without delay, be marched to the nearest camp of Confederate States troops, under charge of a Virginia militia officer, to be selected by the colonel within the boundary of whose command such person shall be found, for twenty-four hours after the reception of this order.

The brigadier-general will,on report of the arrival of any detachment of such persons, give further orders as to their destination for service. Such men, when found, will not be suffered to depart from the county in which they may be dwelling, nor will the subaltern accept any excuse, provided the man is able to travel. This class of men must defend the country, or they shall flee from it stealthily and like felons. If any should be exempt, the general will take pleasure in giving to him or them such a certificate that he or they belong to the class of non-combatants as will secure future repose. All loyal citizens are required to assist in the execution of this part of this order.

Information has been received that in some parts of the country, and it may be within your command, there are disloyal citizens, forgetful of the allegiance they owe to the Government under which it is the expressed will of the people of Virginia to live. It is possible such men are not aware of the grave responsibility attaching to their conduct. To enlighten them as to the law of their case, and to impart to them an idea of the consequences to follow the violations of the military law, you will cause each captain in your brigade to read publicly to his company at every parade for the next month the following articles of war, which are hereby declared to apply to all persons, whether belonging to the Army of the Confederate States or being within any military district of your brigade:

ARTICLE 56. Whosoever shall relieve the enemy with money, victuals, or ammunition, or shall knowingly harbor or protect an enemy, shall suffer death or such other punishment as shall be ordered by the sentence of a court-martial.

ARTICLE 57. Whosoever shall be convicted of holding correspondence with or giving intelligence to the enemy, either directly or indirectly, shall suffer death or such other punishment as shall be ordered by the sentence of a court-martial.

The exigencies of this war; the course of espionage resorted to by the enemy; the threats of some bad men, whose loyalty is due to the Confederate States, and the conduct of others, who seem to fancy that the price of their allegiance is to be paid in a license to bring ruin upon the community unless they are permitted to do wrong, induce the brigadier-general commanding to promise beforehand that these articles of war shall be rigidly enforced against all offenders.

You are hereby furnished with General Orders, No. 6, to which your attention is invited. Upon an exact compliance with this order the security of every Virginia home may depend.

Brigadier-General Richmond and Bowen will, if necessary to secure obedience to it, call out immediately a company from each of their regiments located nearest to the Cumberland Mountains, and place them in charge of all the mountain passes from the Tennessee line to the Louisa Fork of Sandy River, with special orders to enforce General

