
Through information derived from many sources, including the news-papers of the enemy, we engaged on Sunday the divisions of Generals Prentiss, Sherman, Hurlbut, McClernand, and Smith, of 9,000 men each, or, at least, 45,000 men. This force was re-enforced Sunday night by the divisions of Generals Nelson, McCook, Crittenden, and Thomas, of Major-General Buell's army, some 25,000 strong, including all arms; also General L. Wallace's division, of General Grant's army, making at least 33,000 fresh troops, which, added to the remnant of General Grant's forces-on Monday morning amounting to over 20,000-made an aggregate force of some 53,000 men, at least, arrayed against us on that day.

In connection with the results of the battle I should state that most of our men who had inferior arms exchanged them for the improved arms of the enemy; also that most of the property, public and personal, in the camps from which the enemy was driven on Sunday was rendered useless or greatly damaged, except some of the tents.

With this are transmitted certain papers, to wit: Order of movement, marked A; a list of the killed and wounded, marked B; a list of captured flags, marked C, and a map of the field of battle, marked D.*

All of which is respectfully submitted through my volunteer aide-de-camp, Colonel Jacob Thompson, of Mississippi, who has in charge the flags, standards, and colors captured from the enemy.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF S. C., GA., AND FLA., Charleston, S. C., March 20, 1863.

GENERAL: My report of the battle of Shiloh was written without opportunity to consult reports of army corps commanders and of their subordinate officers. These have never been furnished me, except the report and accompanying papers in relation to the operations of the corps under General Braxton Bragg, copies of which were furnished me at this place from your office. I hear that the reports of the corps under Lieutenant-General Polk have been handed in; if so, please have copies sent me as early as practicable; also of the reports of Major-Generals Hardee and Breckinridge, if at your disposition, as these papers are necessary in the preparation of a detailed report, which I find it will be proper for me to prepare and render.

Respectfully, your obedient,G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER, Adjt. and Insp. Gen., Richmond, Va.

[Inclosure A.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Numbers 8. Corinth, Miss., April 3, 1862.

I. In the impending movement the corps of this army will march, assemble, and take order of battle in the following manner, it being assumed that the enemy is in position about a mile in advance of Shiloh

---------------

*Inclosure D to appear in Atlas.

---------------

