
[CHAP. XXII.

It was occupied, as I learned from the wounded and dying and from the colors taken, by some troops from Wisconsin.

During this time heavy continued musketry and artillery fire, with receding sounds, attested the steady advance of Generals Bragg and Hardee on the center and left. General Hardee reported in person to General Johnston about 9 o'clock at the Wisconsin camp, and they reconnoitered a second line of camps 600 or 800 yards farther on, in the direction of the river. The enemy then, apparently attracted by the staff, commenced shelling the camp where we stood, and some heavy gunboat shells burst over us. At the same time the enemy deployed their forces in the wood near the advanced camp. Captain Lockett, about half past 9 or 10, sent a report that the enemy were strongly posted on the left. General Johnston then determined to order forward the reserve, under General Breckinridge, to the right, so as to force and turn the enemy's left. Captain Wickliffe and I were ordered to indicate the positions to General Breckinridge. General Johnston joined Bowen's brigade. The movement was masked by the forest, and the troops moved so as to occupy a position oblique to the general line, and extending eastward to the river, in en echelon of brigades, with Chalmers' on the right near the river, Bowen's 800 yards in rear of Chalmers', and Statham's 800 yards in rear of Bowen's. Statham's brigade was then moved forward, and at about 12 o'clock or 12.30 it occupied the point of the hill so as to attack the advanced camp. Meeting you, we found it halted, and, after consulting a moment with me as to the importance of immediate advance, you put it in motion against the camp, and Rutledge's battery was put in position at the same time on an adjacent hill.

Riding back toward the advanced camp, I found Breckinridge's men entering it and engaged with the enemy. Turning down the ravine, I reported the condition of affairs to General Johnston. This was between 1 and 2 o'clock. He was with Bowen's brigade, and ordered me to direct General Bowen to ground on which he could deploy and support Breckinridge, who I understood was with Statham's brigade in the enemy's camp. This was done, and General Johnston advanced with Bowen's brigade in person. He directed me then to bring over Rutledge's battery, which I did, to the opposite field.

In the mean time Breckinridge was hotly engaged and Bowen's brigade vigorously supporting him. Riding forward in the direction of the enemy's fire, I halted at the flank of the Washington Battery, I believe, of New Orleans, then actively served and engaged with the enemy. Two small cabins were near, and from a ravine about 100 yards to the north of the cabins, where I was, Colonel O'Hara rode, informing me that General Johnston was wounded and lying in the ravine. He conducted me to the spot, and went for a surgeon whom he could not obtain until too late.

Descending the ravine I found the general lying on the ground and near his head Governor Harris, of Tennessee, and only one or two other persons. He had neither escort nor surgeon near him. His horse was wounded and bleeding. He breathed for a few minutes after my arrival, but did not recognize me. I searched but found no wound upon his body. I attempted to revive him, but he expired without pain a few moments after, and about fifteen minutes after he received his death-wound.

Immediate information of the fact was transmitted by me through his volunteers aide-de-camp, Governor Harris, to General Beauregard. His remains were taken to his camp and left in charge of a friend, Mr.

