
Throckmorton, and Captain Wickham. The other gentlemen of the staff reported to General Beauregard for service, and remained until the close of the day, when his body was taken by them to New Orleans.

General Johnston died at half past 2 o'clock, the artery of his right leg having been severed by a ball. He was also struck by two other balls, and his horse was wounded twice.

During the day General Johnston was actively and efficiently assisted by Colonel Gilmer, his chief engineer; Captain Brewster, assistant adjutant-general; Captain N. Wickliffe, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenants Jack and Baylor, aides-de-camp; Captain O'Hara, assistant inspector-general; Major Albert J. Smith, quartermaster; Captain Wickham, assistant quartermaster, and by Surg. D. W. Yandell, who was with him in the morning.

Governor Harris, of Tennessee, and Messrs. E. W. Munford, D. M. Hayden, Calhoun Benham, and myself served as volunteer aides-de-camp during the day.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

W. PRESTON.

[General THOMAS JORDAN.?]

Numbers 140. Report of Major General Leonidas Polk, C. S. Army, commanding First Corps.
HDQRS. POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,February 4, 1863.

SIR: In reply to your note I have the honor to send you herewith my official report of the operations of the First Corps of the Army of the Mississippi, commanded by me at the battle of Shiloh. It has been delayed much beyond the time when it should have been forwarded; but the pressing nature of my engagements since that battle has been such as to make it impracticable to complete and forward it sooner.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,September -, 1862.

I beg leave to submit the following report of the part taken by the troops comprising my corps in the battle of Shiloh:

It was resolved by our commander-in-chief (General Johnston) to attack the enemy in his position on the Tennessee River, if possible, at daybreak on April 5.

My corps consisted of two divisions, of two brigades each, commanded respectively, by Major-General Cheatham and Brigadier-General Clark, and, with the exception of three regiments-one from Louisiana, Mississippi, and Arkansas, respectively-was composed of Tennesseeans.

Major-General Cheatham's division was on outpost duty at and near

