
[CHAP. XXII.

Bethel, on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, and was ordered to proceed to a point near Pittsburg Landing, on the river, for the purpose of joining in the contemplated attack.

On April 3 I was directed to march so much of my corps as was still at Corinth toward the same point. The route to be taken was that pursued by the corps of General Hardee over the Ridge and Bark roads, and I was ordered to march so as to allow an interval of half an hour between the two corps.

This order I was directed to observe until I reached Mickey's. On reaching Mickey's my instructions were to halt, to allow the corps of General Bragg-whose route fell into ours at that point-to fall in and follow in the immediate rear of General Hardee. The plan of battle was that the corps of General Hardee should form the front line, that of General Bragg the second, my corps and that of General Breckinridge to constitute the third or reserve.

I maintained the interval ordered between General Hardee's and my corps during the night of the 3rd and during the following day, and halted the head of my column at the cross-roads at Mickey's about dark on the 4th, according to instructions, my column being well up.

At Mickey's we were about 2 1/2 miles from the place at which our line of battle was to be formed, and here the head of General Bragg's corps also bivouacked on the same night.

At 3 o'clock on the following morning (Saturday, the 5th) the whole of my command was under arms in waiting on the road, which it could not take, as it was occupied by the troops of General Bragg, which were filing into the rear of those of General Hardee.

It was now manifest that the attack at daybreak could not be made; that the troops could not reach their position in time, and that the failure was owing to the condition of the roads, which were exceedingly bad in consequence of the heavy rains which had fallen.

I took a position early in the morning near the forks of the road, to wait for the troops of General Bragg to pass. While there in waiting, at 10 a.m. Generals A. S. Johnston and Beauregard, with their staffs, rode up from the rear, and, halting opposite me, gave me orders to move promptly in rear of General Bragg, so that I might give the road to General Breckinridge, who was to follow me, coming in from General Bragg's route. I was also ordered to halt my column 1 1/2 miles in rear of the place at which General Bragg's line of battle crossed the road, and to deploy my corps to the left on a line parallel to that of General Bragg, General Breckinridge having been ordered to halt at the same point and deploy his corps to the right, with his left resting on my right.

It was near 2 o'clock before the whole of General Bragg's corps had passed. I then put my column in motion and rode to the front. Proceeding half a mile, I sent Lieutenant Richmond, my aide-de-camp, forward to ascertain the point at which General Bragg's line would cross the road and to measure back for the place at which I was to halt and deploy. This he did, and on reaching the place Lieutenant Richmond informed me that the road I was pursuing ran into that across which General Bragg was forming at an obtuse angle. It became necessary then, before I could form, to ascertain the general direction of the line in front of me. To effect this I sent forward my inspector-general (Blake), and leaving a staff officer to halt my column at the prope place, I proceeded myself to aid in the reconnaissance. I had not advanced far before I came upon General Ruggles, who commanded General Bragg's left, deploying his troops. Having ascertained the direc-

