
[CHAP. XXII.

General Clar, I feel greatly indebted for their cordial co-operation and efficient support; also to Brigadier-Generals Stewart and Johnson, and Colonel Russell, Maney, Stephens, and Preston Smith, commanders of brigades.

My obligations are also due to my personal and general staff. To Major George Williamson, my adjutant-general, who has his horse shot under him, and was himself wounded; to my inspector-general, Lieutenant-Colonel Blake; to my chief of artillery, Major Bankhead; to Captain Champneys, my chief of ordnance, to whose vigilance and activity, in conjunction with the energetic and vigorous administration of my chief of artillery, I am indebted for taking off from the field thirteen of the fourteen guns reported by the general commanding to have been secured by the army from the enemy.

To my aides-de-camp, Lieutenants W. B. Richmond, and A. H. Polk, I am particularly indebted for the promptitude and fidelity with which they performed the duties of their office. Their fearless bearing was eminently conspicuous. The formed had two horses shot under him.

I am under obligations also to Lieutenants Spence, Lanier, and Rawle, who acted on my staff during the battle; also to Lieutenant W. M. Porter, who acted as volunteer aide during the operations of the 6th; also to my quartermaster, Major Thomas Peters, and my medical director, Dr. W. D. Lyles.

Above all, I feel I am indebted to Almighty God for the courage with which he inspired our troops and for the protection and defense with which he covered our heads in the day of battle.

I remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Major General Comdg. First Corps, Army of the Mississippi.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.

Numbers 141. Report of Surg. William D. Lyles, C. S. Army, Medical Director.
HDQRS. FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Medical Department, April 17, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose you a report of the casualties of the First Army Corps in the action of the 6th and 7th instant, near Shiloh.

I have collected it from a crude mass of regimental reports, they in many instances being nearly unintelligible. I cannot therefore pretend the one I submit, digested as it is from such sources, is accurate.*

My arrangements for the field were complete, and the wounded of General Polk's command were generally promptly removed from the ground.

The surgeons, with few exceptions, stood well to their duty. I should, however, be unjust were I not bring to the notice of the major-general the conduct of Surgeons Alston, Rice, Mitchell, Cavanaugh,

---------------

*The memorandum inclosed with the original consists of a nominal and partly illegible list of officers killed and wounded; and a summing up, probably of totals, officers and men, of 388 killed and 1,981 wounded.

---------------

