
movement, to the right, to support the forces engaged, and to remain with the First Brigade in position and await orders. He led the Second Brigade in person and I did not see it afterwards.

In a few moments I was ordered to moved to the edge of the open fields in front, and was there met by Major-General Bragg, who informed me that the battery on the left and front of my line was enfilading his troops, and directed me to charge it with one of my regiments. The Eleventh Louisiana (Colonel Sam. F. Marks), being most convenient, I led it forward. The battery was concealed from us bu a ridge and distant about 300 yards. The battalion moved up the ascent, with fixed bayonets, at a double-quick, and when on the crest of the ridge we were opened upon by the enemy's battery with shot and canister and by a large infantry support with musketry at easy range. Our men were compelled to fall back behind the ridge, where they were promptly reformed.

In the mean time Colonel Russell brought forward the other three regiments, and with the whole brigade I again charged. The enemy retreated. We pursued them at double-quick some 500 yards, when we met a large force in position upon whom we opened fire. A brisk interchange of musketry continued for about fifteen minutes, when the enemy commenced retiring, covering their retreat with skirmishers. I ordered the firing to cease, and was proceeding along the line to enforce the order when I received a severe wounded in the right shoulder. Leaving Colonel Russell in command, I went to the rear to have my wound dressed, and met Major-General Bragg, to whom I communicated the situation of affairs, who, after kindly expressing his sympathy, galloped to the front to give his orders in person. In the first charge by the Eleventh Louisiana Regiment the right wing was embarrassed by the tents and picket ropes of an artillery company on the ridge, and the whole line exposed to a murderous fire, of the effect of which the dead and wounded were melancholy evidence.

Having received no reports from the officers under my command, I cannot report specially as to the conduct of the brigade and other officers of the line. Justice will doubtless be done them in the reports which will be sent you; but I can bear witness to the uniform, steady conduct of all, both officers and men, who came under my observation.

To my staff my thanks are due for their gallantry and good conduct. Captain W. H. McCardle, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant William Yerger, jr., my aide-de-camp; Majors Howell Hinds and W. M. Inge, assistant adjutant-general, Seventh Brigade, Army of the Potomac, and Captain John A. Buckner, of the Eighth Kentucky Regiment, volunteer aide, accompanied me in conducting the first charge of the Eleventh Louisiana Regiment and in the second advance, and were, in the thickest of the fight, prompt and intelligent in the execution of my orders. Lieutenant Yerger was near me and had his horse shot under him about the time I was wounded. Major Hinds was by my side and assisted me from the field. Major W. H. Haynes, my division commissary, was seriously wounded in the face by the fragment of a shell. Mr. James E. McClure, acting quartermaster, came frequently to the front under fire to receive my orders.

Captain Williams, of the staff of Major-General Bragg, was conspicuous for his courageous bearing, waving his sword in the front and being the first upon the hill in our second charge.

The color-sergeant of the Eleventh Louisiana did not fall back with his regiment when it was repulsed in the first charge, but kept his flag

