
our men. This, with the heavy flank fire on the left and the direct fire in front, caused a retreat to a ravine a short distance in front of Shiloh Church, where I reformed them, and they again advanced to the charge, with other troops, under the immediate eye of General Beauregard, who bore the colors in front of the line under the fire of the enemy; but courage and human endurance could stand no longer against such odds, and our forces were compelled to fall back to the hill where the church is situated. Our troops had now nearly all retired, and a final stand was made by a few regiments to cover the retreat.

The officers and men under my command behaved with courage and bravery, especially on the 6th. Early in the action the brigade, and division were deprived, by a severe wound, of the services of Brigadier-General Clark, whose fearless bearing was well calculated to inspire the men; but to compensate for this loss Major-General Polk's frequent exposure of himself to the hottest of the enemy's fire tended greatly to reassure them.

Lieutenant-Colonel Bell and Major R. P. Caldwell were distinguished by their courage and energy. The former had two horses shot under him.

Colonel A. J. Vaughan, jr., and Lieutenant Colonel W. E. Morgan, of the Thirteenth Tennessee Volunteers, exhibited great bravery under the enemy's fire.

Colonel T. J. Freeman, of the Twenty-second, was energetic and active in the performance of his duties, and was constantly under fire. Near the close of the action he received a painful wound, which disabled him for a short time.

Captain W. Dawson, of the same regiment, and Lieutenant Colonel F. M. Stewart were wounded, the latter early on the first day and the formed near the close of the same day, while gallantly urging their men forward.

Lieutenant J. G. Thurmond, of the Twenty-second Regiment, particularly distinguished himself by his intrepidity in leading his company in every charge. The same may be said of Lieutenant J. C. Horne.

Colonel S. F. Marks, of the Eleventh Louisiana Volunteers, was severely wounded, while leading his men, on the morning of the 6th.

Lieutenant-Colonel Barrow, Major Mason, and Adjutant White, of the same regiment, did their duty bravely.

Captain Bankhead deserves great praise for the promptness, bravery, and energy with which he maneuvered his battery.

The Twelfth sustained a severe loss in the death of Captain B. H. Sandford and Lieutenant G. H. Jackson, who fell bravely at the head of their company while leading them on to victory.

Major L. P. McMurry, of the Twenty-second, and others, both officers and men of the command, are deserving of notice for their conduct in the action.

For other instances of meritorious conduct I refer you to the reports of the regimental commanders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. M. RUSSELL,

Colonel, Comdg. First Brigadier First Div., First Army Corps.

Major GEORGE WILLIAMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

