
small personal property and stores, which consisted of the clothing of my men, their blankets, and cooking utensils, and some inconsiderable quantity of soap and salt.

On the morning of the 16th, when I was attacked, about one-third of my command was on detached service and 30 on the sick list. I was charged with the watch of a scope of mountain for about 60 miles, at almost any point of which footmen,and at very many places horsemen, can cross. With the exception of Captain Slemp's command we had only an effective force of 175 men to meet, 1,400 or 1,500 infantry and 100 cavalry.

It is my belief that the enemy did not intend to remain at the Gap, but being informed of our exact position by spies and traitors in our midst, and guided by scouts and traitors along the passes of the mountain, merely intended to gain the credit of driving us from what they will misrepresent as an impregnable pass in the mountain, to destroy the public property found there, and attract to that spot all of your command, while aiming invasion at some other place. I have learned since that they did not remain longer than the night of the 16th.

After I returned to Gladesville I sent my scouts back to the mountain, and ascertained that the enemy had evacuated the point and recrossed the mountain. There being no subsistence at Gladesville, I have taken position at Guest's Station, and will there await your orders.

Respectfully,

JOHN B. THOMPSON,

Major, Virginia Volunteers.

MARCH 21-23, 1862.-Reconnaissance to and skirmish at Cumberland Gap, Tenn.

LIST OF REPORTS.

No. 1.-Colonel Samuel P. Carter, U. S. Army.

No. 2.-Major-General E. Kirby Smith, C. S. Army.

No. 3.-Colonel James E. Rains, C. S. Army.

No. 1. Report of Colonel Samuel P. Carter, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH BRIGADE,Camp Cumberland Ford, March 24, 1862.

CAPTAIN: Late in the afternoon of the 20th instant I was informed by a messenger from Claiborne County, East Tennessee, that four rebel regiments, with six pieces of artillery, under command of General Smith (who had arrived on the preceding day), left Cumberland Gap on the 19th instant to attack the Second East Tennessee Regiment, which was then stationed at Woodson's Gap, some 3 miles from Fincastle, Campbell County, East Tennessee. Orders were given to the First East Tennessee Regiment, Colonel Byrd; Seventh Kentucky, Colonel Garrard; Sixteenth Ohio, Colonel De Courcy; Forty-ninth Indiana, Colonel Ray,and to Lieutenant-Colonel Munday, First Battalion of Kentucky Cavalry, to prepare four days' rations and be ready to move on the following morning. Captain Wetmore's Ninth Ohio Battery was also ordered to have one section (two Parrott guns) in readiness to accompany

