
force, aided by a large number of sharpshooters, who were concealed in and behind their tents, and who all together opened such a deadly and well-aimed fire as to make it impossible to hold the point gained by us, and compelled us to fall back, with a considerable loss in killed and wounded. In falling back, however, there was much confusion and disorder, and, owing to the hurried manner and the fire under which we were compelled to reform the regiment, some of the companies composing it did not take their proper positions in line of battle, and many of the men were not even in their own companies or regiments.

We then pushed forward and soon gained our former position, but found the enemy had fallen back from his first position and taken a stand with the battery about 1,000 yards in their of his camp.

Pushing forward we were again soon engaged, and after some considerable firing the battery was finally captured, which, we believe, proved to be the Michigan City.

Here we had wounded Major Mason and Lieutenants H. B. Barrow and Cunningham, together with quite a number killed and wounded.

In this second charge and on the fall of this battery our regiment became more and more divided and scattered. Some of them, as I learn, pursuing the then fleeing enemy on the right, while others went to the extreme left and center. That portion which went to the center were flanked on the left by an ambuscade of the enemy, were driven from this point with a heavy loss, and fell back to the main forces, where the order was given to fall back, and fell back to the main forces, where the order was given to fall back all along that portion of our line, which command was executed in order. After falling back the firing on this portion of our line almost entirely ceased.

Remaining at this point very nearly an hour, which was occupied in efforts to rally our men together, we were ordered forward and a little to our left, but found the enemy had fallen back.

It was not long, however, until we had again engaged the enemy, and but a short time thereafter until Colonel Marks was wounded and carried from the field. This was nearly 3 p.m. The engagement was now general; the fighting desperate; our men hurried from point to point as exigencies required, until those who had up to this time remained together were greatly cut up and divided, rendering it impossible to rally any considerable number at any one point. From this time and in this manner a large majority, if not all, our men, I believe, continued to fight throughout the day.

I was ordered toward evening by Captain Blake to take my position, with what men I had, on the extreme left, where I remained until the fighting of the day had ceased; after which I started back to find our hospital, hoping there to find the majority of our regiment assembled.

Not succeeding in finding it during that night, the next morning I was directed to it, where I found some 20 or 30 men, took command of them, and immediately started for the battle-field, gathering up others on my way.

On reaching the field with my command, now numbering some 60 men or upwards, I was ordered to hurry with them to the support of General Beauregard, who was then on our extreme right. This order was punctually executed. Hurried on for about a mile to the right of the enemy's first encampment, was there halted, and by General Beauregard ordered to assist in sustaining a battery of three guns, which had been placed in charge of Colonel Allen, of the Fourth Louisiana Regiment, and to assist him in halting all stragglers.

Here I remained with my command and Captain J. Warro and Lieutenant J. H. Miller, of our regiment, moving, as ordered, to the right and

