
[CHAP. XXII.

gradually falling back, until at about 4 or 5 p.m. we were commanded to retire.

On Monday morning, April 7, I am informed and have every reason to believe it to be the case, a portion of our regiment, consisting of about 200 men and the following-named officers, Adjt. J. G. White, Captains J. H. McCann and J. E. Austin, and Lieutenants Beyonon, R. L. Hughes, J. R. Hyams, Davis, A. Le Blanc, and Thomas S. Pierce, all of whom had remained on the field the previous night, formed a battalion, and attached themselves to General Anderson's brigade, under the command of Captain J. E. Austin, Captain McCann having turned the command over to him. Why the command was thus transferred to a junior officer I am unable to state.

They were immediately ordered with the brigade of General Anderson to our extreme left and to assist General Breckinridge's command; but, just before meeting the enemy, came up with the brigade of Colonel Russell; was ordered into it; advanced with it, engaged the enemy, and under the most galling fire fell back with it, where they reformed, and, with General Anderson on their left and Colonel Russell on their right, made a desperate charge, driving the enemy from his position, capturing two of his guns, and driving him inch by inch until he became so strongly re-enforced that they were ordered to fall back.

Here Lieutenant Pierce, who had fought so bravely and gallantly throughout the previous day, and who had command of Company F, Continental Guards, fell, it is supposed, mortally wounded,a s his body has not been since recovered or heard from. The loss in men was also heavy at this juncture.

From that time throughout the whole engagement that portion of our regiment, a part of the time, however, was under the immediate command of General Anderson, as the First Brigade had been greatly cut up and divided, and a portion of General Breckinridge's command coming in on their right and between them and Colonel Russell's brigade.

I have every reason to believe that the men of our regiment were generally engaged in the hottest of the fight during both days, as evidenced by the loss we sustained in killed, wounded, and missing; a report of which I have already had the honor to forward to you.

In conclusion, I would add what should have been set forth in the beginning of this report, viz, the number of muskets taken into the engagement, which could not have exceeded, after detailing hospital nurses, 550.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully,

ROBT. H. BARROW,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Eleventh Regiment Louisiana Vols.

Colonel R. M. RUSSELL,

Comdg. First Brig., First Div., Army of the Mississippi.

Numbers 146. Report of Lieutenant Colonel T. H. Bell, Twelfth Tennessee Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH TENNESSEE REGIMENT,Corinth, Miss., April 13, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Twelfth Tennessee Regiment in the battle of Shiloh on April 6 and 7: About 6 o'clock on the morning of the 6th we were ordered into line

