
to say that he held to his colors as long as a man would fight with him; also Private Fielder, who took charge of Companies B and G, which were left without a commissioned officer. He led these two companies all day in the thickest part of the battle. The casualties of both days will be given in a supplementary report.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

R. P. CALDWELL,

Major, Commanding Twelfth Tennessee Regiment.

Colonel R. M. RUSSELL, Comdg. First Brigade, First Division.

Numbers 148. Report of Colonel A. J. Vaughan, Jr., Thirteenth Tennessee Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH REGIMENT TENNESSEE VOLUNTEERS,April 10, 1862.

On the evening of April 2, in obedience to orders, I caused to be put in motion the Thirteenth Regiment in the direction of Pittsburg, in the vicinity of which place I encamped on the night of the 5th.

The next morning I advanced upon the enemy, who was strongly posted with a battery of six guns, commanding every avenue of approach, and supported by strong detachments of infantry. While in this position I was told by General Bragg that this battery was a source of great annoyance to our troops, and that it must be taken at all hazards. I was ordered to take this battery by a right flank movement. I had proceeded but a short distance when I discovered that I would be exposed to a heavy fire from two of the enemy's camps. I therefore ordered an advance to be made directly forward at this particular crisis. Four companies of the left wing were separated from the command, but with the remainder of the command, under fire of their batteries, I soon engaged a heavy body of infantry, which, after a severe conflict and a desperate charge, I succeeded in putting to flight, and captured their battery. The ammunition being nearly exhausted, I supplied myself with that found in the enemy's encampments. The remainder of my command having joined me, I was ordered to the support of Captain

-----

's battery, which was taking position to my right. This I did, but soon afterwards I was ordered to support Captain Stanford's battery, which occupied a more advanced position. At this time heavy firing commenced on our right, and I was ordered to support it. I did so, when I met with General Cheatham, who ordered me to remain where I was until further orders. Here I received an order from Colonel Russell to fall in the rear of his regiment and proceed down the river until we came under the fire of the enemy's gunboats. It being now near about dark, I was ordered to fall back to an encampment, where we took up quarters for the night.

Early next morning I took position in line of battle and under the immediate command of our brigade commander; remained but a short time before we discovered the enemy making a flank movement on our left; planted a battery, which opened a deadly fire upon us, when we fell back out of range of the battery.

At this time, my horse being disabled by a cannon-shot, I was dismounted, and turned the command over to Lieutenant-Colonel Morgan, who reformed the regiment and took position to the rear, when I wan again mounted and resumed command. I then, under the immediate

