
ready to march at a moment's notice. The Second Brigade of the division, which I commanded, was composed of the Fourth (Colonel Neely), Fifth (Lieutenant-Colonel Venable), and Thirty-third (Colonel A. W. Campbell) Regiments of Tennessee Volunteers; the Thirteenth (Lieutenant-Colonel Grayson, Colonel Tappan being absent sick) Regiment of Arkansas Volunteers, and a light battery of six pieces (Captain Stanford's.)

We left camp, near Corinth, about dark Thursday evening, taking the road to Purdy, my brigade in front.

At 12.30 a.m. on Friday (the 4th) we halted for the night.

The march was resumed early next morning, but was soon arrested, to permit the command of Major-General Hardee to pass.

We bivouacked Friday night in what I believe is called the Bark road, in the vicinity of Mickey's Cross-Roads.

On Saturday (the 5th instant) we moved forward to within 2 or 3 miles of the battle ground and formed in column of brigades, the center of each brigade at the road, my brigade in front, Colonel Russell's next in rear, and the two brigades of Major-General Cheatham's division succeeding him.

On Sunday morning (the 6th instant) we took up the line of march in the same order. The regiments composing my brigade were disposed in the following order: Colonel Neely's (Fourth Tennessee) on the right; Lieutenant-Colonel Venable's (Fifth Tennessee) on the left; Lieutenant-Colonel Grayson's (Thirteenth Arkansas)right center; Colonel A. W. Campbell's (Thirty-third Tennessee) left center, and Stanford's battery following in rear of the center.

While our left was moving through an open field a fire of artillery was opened upon it, from which the Fifth Regiment lost 1 killed and 1 wounded and had its flag-staff severed.

We continued to advance until General A. S. Johnston came up and directed me to move my brigade to the right, to support General Bragg. I faced the command to the right and moved in a direction oblique to the former front, until we reached an open woods in front of one of the enemy's camps, from which he had already been driven. General Johnston having gone to some other part of the field, and finding no one to give me directions, after halting a few minutes I moved the brigade forward through the camp and beyond it, where I met a staff officer, who directed me to move to the left and then forward. I executed the order, and in doing so lost sight of Neely's regiment, which did not hear the order to move to the left. The other three regiments were pushed forward across a small stream and up the side of a hill, where I directed them to lie down until I could bring up the side of a hill, where I directed them to lied down until I could bring up the Fourth Tennessee. I rode back for it, passing through the left of Stanford's battery, which had become engaged with one of the enemy's to our right and front.

On bringing up the Fourth I found that the other three regiments had moved forward up the hill. Just then a staff officer informed me that General Bragg desired the battery in our front to be taken. I turned to the Fourth; told them what was wanted; asked if they would take the battery, and received the reply," Show us where it is; we will try."

The regiment moved forward, under a severe fire of canister, from which it lost 31 men killed and 160 wounded, charged and carried the battery, and drove the enemy into the thick woods beyond it, where the Twelfth Tennessee (Lieutenant-Colonel Bell) formed on its left.

The entire regiment behaved admirably, and its gives me pleasure to bear testimony to their gallant conduct, and especially that of Lieu-

