
[CHAP. XXII.

tenant-Colonel Strahl and Colonel Neely. Major Henry had received a wound previous to this, when I was not with the regiment, and had been carried from the field.

The Twelfth, after remaining under fire with the Fourth until their ammunition was exhausted, fell back to procure a fresh supply. We were then just to the left of a road, Hindsman's brigade to the right of it, in the woods, and his battery (Sweet's) on his left, near the road. General Hindman proposed to me that our commands should advance together. Before we could get them in motion I was informed that General Hindman was wounded, and was directed (I do not remember by whose order, but believe it was General Bragg's) to take command of Hindman's brigade. I moved the Fourth across the road, formed it on Hindman's left, and advanced the entire command through the woods to the edge of an open field, beyond which were the enemy, whom we engaged until the Arkansas troops reported out of ammunition and fell back for a fresh supply. I ordered them to the rear, to procure ammunition, and fell back, with Neely's regiment, through the woods, to the vicinity of the place where they had carried the battery. Lieutenant-Colonel Bell here joined us again, and we were called upon to support one of our own batteries, which was closely pressed by the enemy. These two regiments held the enemy in check and finally compelled him to retire, standing their ground in the face of an unusually hot fire.

It was here that I was so unfortunate as to lose my adjutant-general (Captain Thomas W. Preston of Memphis), who up to this time had rendered invaluable services to me. I can bear testimony to his noble bearing, his cool, calm courage, his devotion to our cause, and his many virtues as a man. He was killed instantly, being shot through the head.

When the enemy retired from this point the two regiments under my command withdrew across the road. Lieutenant-Colonel Strahl reporting his arms foul and ammunition short, I sent his regiment to the rear. Seeing the Federal flag in a thicket near the road some distance beyond this point, I brought up Colonels J. Knox Walker's (Second Tennessee) and Marks' (Eleventh Louisiana) regiments, with a third regiment in rear, which was sent to my assistance by Major-General Polk. I did not learn what regiment it was. We advanced across the road, through the woods, and up an ascent towards the field, where several bales of cotton were burned, and engaged the enemy, who were near the houses on the road-side. Colonel Preston Smith joined me with Walker's regiment, and remained with me during the day. I sent to the rear for a battery, when Captain Bankhead came up with several pieces and opened fire on the enemy, who retired. Colonel Walker was assisted here in the command of his regiment by Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, of the Regular Army, who was very efficient.

Subsequently I formed Walker's (Second Tennessee), Campbell's (Thirty-third Tennessee), and Travis' (Fifth Tennessee) regiments in rear of the position last mentioned, and was ordered by General Polk to move toward our left to the support of some Louisiana regiments.

In passing through the woods Travis' regiment became separated from us. The other two moved forward to a road, and thence by the left flank along the road to the camp where prisoners were captured. We finally took position, under the orders of General Breckinridge, to aid in the pursuit of the enemy, which was checked by the fire from the gunboat.

On Monday morning (7th instant) I was placed by General Beaure-

