
gard in command of several regiments which he had rallied and formed on the brow of a hill in front of one of the enemy's camps and near a country church, which I supposed to be the one called Shiloh.

A short time afterwards he ordered me, with a portion of this command (Bate's Second Tennessee, under Lieutenant-Colonel Goodall, and Thirteenth Arkansas, under Major McNeely, Lieutenant-Colonel Grayson having fallen on Sunday), towards the right, to the support of General Breckinridge. The two regiment went gallantly into action and assisted in driving the enemy to the woods beyond an open field, when I sent to the rear for artillery. Captain Bankhead came up with two pieces and the infantry fell back for a supply of ammunition. We did not succeed in getting any until we met with an ammunition wagon in passing through one of the enemy's camps, which afforded a partial supply. We were exposed here to a heavy fire of artillery from the enemy and withdrew into a ravine. The men being worn out and imperfectly supplied with ammunition, it was extremely difficult to get them forward. I, however, moved them by the left flank through an open field to the woods, and thence up the hill to the ground they had occupied in the morning, and again brought them into action, the men holding their ground until their ammunition was gone, when I withdrew them over the brow of the hill, and went myself in search of two staff officers, whom I had previously dispatched for cartridges.

It was at this time that Colonel Tappan (who had been absent sick) joined his regiment. Not finding the ammunition I returned, and learned that an order had been given to fall back. The entire army, so far as my observation went, retired in good order, the Thirteenth Arkansas and Bate's Second Tennessee bringing up the rear at this part of our lines.

I desire to mention the gallant bearing of Colonel Neely and Lieutenant-Colonel Strahl, Fourth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers; of Colonel Campbell, Thirty-third; of Lieutenant-Colonel Venable, Fifth; of Lieutenant-Colonel Grayson and Major NcNeely, Thirteenth Arkansas, and of the officers and men of these regiments generally; of Colonel Preston Smith; and, on Monday, of Lieutenant-Colonel Goodall and his regiment.

I must also express my obligations to Captain Thomas W. Preston, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant N. Green, jr., aide-de-camp, and to Colonel W. B. Ross and Mr. Joseph D. Cross, volunteer aides, all of whom rendered efficient service and conducted themselves with great coolness and courage.

With this I inclose reports from the different commanders of regiments and batteries in my brigade.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. STEWART,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

Major GEORGE WILLIAMSON, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 150. Report of Colonel J. C. Tappan, Thirteenth Arkansas Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS,Corinth, Miss., April 12, 1862.

SIR: Owing to my absence from my command on a sick furlough, it was my misfortune not to be present in the engagement on Sunday

