
[CHAP. XXII.

My regiment was commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Grayson, who fell, gallantly leading his command, on Sunday evening. The command then devolved on Major J. A. McNeely, who, although wounded in the arm, staid at the head of the regiment the balance of the day and took charge of it on Monday, and retained command of it until I came up and relieved him.

I reached Corinth on Sunday night and arrived at the battle ground early on Monday. The fight had commenced, and not finding my regiment at first, I assisted Colonels Russell, J. Knox Walker, and others in leading their commands. From the time I took charge of my regiment until we retired from the field we were exposed to a heavy and dangerous fire, which my men stood like veterans. We had the honor to sustain the battery which protected our left as our army retired in the evening.

The loss of my regiment, in the two days' fighting, was heavy, showing that we were in places where danger was greatest. The regiment went into the fight with 306 men, and had 25 killed, 72 wounded, and 3 missing; a list of whom is herewith attached, and asked to be made a part of this report.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. TAPPAN,

Colonel, Thirteenth Regiment Arkansas Volunteers.

Captain GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 151. Report of Major James A. McNeely, Thirteenth Arkansas Infantry.

----,--- -, 1862.

On the morning of the 6th, Colonel Tappan being absent, Lieutenant Colonel A. D. Grayson in command, we were drawn up in line of battle in rear of the advance column, and marched forward until we reached the first encampment, and immediately marched by the left flank until reaching the second encampment, just at which time a private of Company D was struck with a bomb and left mortally wounded. We then marched by the right flank in line of battle through the encampment. Just as we were passing out, an officer (supposed to be a Federal officer) was seen coming to the rear, and while passing a Louisiana regiment they fired on him in their rear and left, killing the aforesaid officer and horse, and killing Captain Murphy of Company G, and wounding Captain R. B. Lambert, of Company A; Lieutenant J. C. Hall, of Company C, very slightly, and Lieutenant B. M. Hopkins, of Company I, with several other privates of the same regiment (Thirteenth Arkansas Volunteers.) Our regiment, supposing that they were being fired on, returned the fire without orders, and retired about 50 yards, reformed in line of battle, and were marched forward through the second encampment. The enemy had given way, and we pursued them through a skirt of timber to a small field directly north of said second encampment; were drawn forward, and to the northwest corner of said field, and the enemy opened fire. We were ordered to return the same. We were supporting one piece of Smith's battery. Very soon one of the horses was shot down. By request our men assisted the artillerists.

