
to limber the gun, so that they succeeded in getting it away. We were then ordered to retreat to the skirt of timber through which we had previously passed.

In this action we lost: Lieutenant Duncan, wounded, of Company A; Sergeant Brown; 1 other sergeant, and 3 privates killed.

We then reformed and rejoined our brigade; were marched forward by the right flank; halted opposite the third encampment, where we remained a short time front in line of battle.

At about 12 m. we were ordered to support a battery, and drawn forward and to the left across an open space or parade ground. Were ordered to lie down and fire, which we did when the enemy had advanced to within 80 or 100 yards. They then returned a deadly fire, which was kept up for near half an hour alone and without any support.

During the action Lieutenant-Colonel Grayson fell mortally wounded. I was wounded through the right arm and had my horse shot. Captain Crump, Lieutenants B. M. Hopkins and C. C. Busby, Captain Thomas Wilds, and a number of privates were wounded, some mortally, and quite a number killed.

We not being yet relieved a retreat was ordered. We fell back to the timber and reformed; were marched off to the rear, by the right flank, a short distance; were then ordered to report at General Beauregard's headquarters, which we did, and were re-enforced, and were ordered to the scene of action on the east. Just at our arrival the scale turned in our favor, and we received orders to pursue the enemy near the river, which we did, and remained there under the bombs from the gunboats until dark. We then repaired southwest, near General Stewart's brigade hospital, at which we encamped during the night.

On the morning of the 7th we were ordered to report to General Beauregard, which we did. We were then drawn up near in line of battle, where we remained a short time; were then ordered to march by the right flank to support the right wing of the army, then in heavy action. The enemy then gave way, and we were ordered in pursuit. After marching for near half a mile, they having reformed, we attacked them. After an engagement of twenty minutes they gave way. We, being near the edge of a large field, were ordered to fall back.

During this engagement we lost 2 killed and several wounded. I was struck with a bomb, but not being entirely disabled, remained with the regiment. Drew off a short distance, and were ordered by the left flank to support one of General Hardee's batteries, then in action in front of the northeast hospital, on the hill. Were then requested by General Polk to go forward, which we did, and opened fire on the enemy for some twenty minutes. Colonel Tappan then coming up, I submitted him the command.

JAS. A. McNEELY,

Major, Commanding Thirteenth Regiment Arkansas Volunteers.

Numbers 152. Report of Lieutenant Colonel O. F. Strahl, Fourth Tennessee Infantry.
HDQRS. FOURTH REGIMENT TENNESSEE VOLUNTEERS,Corinth, Miss., April 10, 1862.

The following is a report of the killed, wounded, and missing of the Fourth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers at the battle of Shiloh on the 6th and 7th instant:

