
battery of the Washington Artillery, and supported it there until our whole line had fallen back on the hill in our rear. I then fell back just in time to save my men from our own guns, which opened and threw shell in the direction of the position we had just left.

We had some 3 or 4 killed in this day's engagement and about 30 wounded.

The company officers acted gallantly and fearlessly during both days of the fight, and rather appeared to court death than to fear it.

My men acted gallantly the whole time, enduring the fatigue and danger without a murmur.

Respectfully submitted.

O. F. STRAHL,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Fourth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers.

General A. P. STEWART, Comdg. First Division, First Army Corps.

Numbers 153. Report of Lieutenant Colonel C. D. Venable, Fifth Tennessee Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH TENNESSEE REGIMENT,----, April --, 1862.

In addition to the foregoing report I, the commanding officer of the regiment,beg leave to append the following remarks concerning the action of my regiment during the battle:

Brigadier General A. P. Stewart's brigade, of which we were a part, was intended to be held in reserve, to be used on the right or left wing of the army, as circumstances should require.

On the morning of April 6 we were called into line of battle before sunrise, and moved in direction of the enemy's right. Having moved forward a half mile or more, we made a deposit of our baggage, and then, moving in the same direction some 200 or 300 yards, my colors were shot down by a cannon-ball; then moving by the right flank about 400 yards; then by the left flank again into line of battle. Moved in that direction about 400 yards, under a heavy fire of grape shot, and halted in front of the enemy's encampment. In about fifteen minutes I moved forward again through the encampment and halted just to its rear, and in a very short time was ordered to support the left of General Bragg. Being conducted to the position where I was needed, I formed line of battle at the foot of a hill, in a small ravine, and in front of another encampment; fired one round and moved to the summit of the hill and halted, under a heavy fire of grape shot; remained but a few minutes and retired to the foot of the hills, but soon moved forward again through the encampment, under a heavy cross-fire from two batteries on the right and infantry on the left and front.

Moving forward in that direction I observed Colonel Preston Smith's regiment drawn up at the far side of a small field and firing on the enemy. I then pressed on to his support, but the enemy being in the woods and having such advantages, Colonel Smith ordered a retreat. I then fell back to the timber, formed again, and moved back to the rear of the camps, and formed on the left of Colonel Russell's brigade, where two companies of my extreme left engaged and repulsed some sharpshooters of the enemy that had advanced up a ravine. Immediately after we were separated from Colonel Russell, and being con-

28 R R-VOL X

