
[CHAP. XXII.

nected with no brigade, I charged on an encampment of the enemy, in which I was successful, and, from what observations I could make, there appeared to be about 1,200 or 1,500 of the enemy in the camps. I pursued them through their camps, killing, and wounding a great many and taking several prisoners.

After moving forward about half a mile, and my ammunition being nearly exhausted, I flanked to the left for about 300 yards to a ravine to replenish. Having remained here about fifteen or twenty minutes, I moved on to the left, to avoid a field into which the enemy were pouring a heavy fire from artillery; then by the right flank into line of battle. After marching in that direction for 200 yards I was ordered by Major-General Polk, in person, to charge an encampment directly in front, by which I closed the only avenue of escape to the enemy in the camp and captured General Prentiss and brigade.

I then flanked to the left about 300 yards and halted to rest; but in a very few minutes the shelling from the gunboats was son as to be unbearable, killing and wounding several of my men. I thereupon retired to a ravine and remained until dusk, and then moved back and encamped for the night.

I received orders from General Bragg at an early hour on the morning of the 7th to repair again to the battle-field and report to Brigadier-General Chalmers, on the extreme right of the army, which I did, and was drawn up in line of battle with the remainder of his command and moved forward across an encampment of the enemy and engaged him just beyond the camps, where I sustained my ground until 2 p.m., just beyond the camps, where I sustained my ground until 2 p.m., when I was ordered by General Hardee to fall back and form with General Withers' command on the road leading to Monterey, and formed line of battle near the church, used as a hospital, and remained an hour or so, when we were ordered by General Withers to march in direction of Monterey.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

C. D. VENABLE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Fifth Regiment Tennessee Vols.

Numbers 154. Report of Colonel Alexander W. Campbell, Thirty-third Tennessee Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-THIRD REGIMENT TENNESSEE VOLS.,Corinth, Miss., April 10, 1862.

On the morning of the 6th my regiment was formed according to your orders for the purpose of making an advance upon the enemy. Occupying the left center of your brigade, my position threw my right upon the road leading to the enemy's camps. Before reaching the first of the enemy's camps, out of which he had been driven by our advance guard,, we moved by the right flank, crossing the road, and made a steady advance, until we were ordered by you to make a move by the left flank. Just after we had commenced the movement I was ordered by Major Richmond, aide to General Polk, to move to the front, which separated myself from the Thirteenth Arkansas and Fifth Tennessee, the balance of the brigade. Just after commencing the forward movement we encountered a galling fire from a battery of the enemy, evidently intended to prevent our advance to the support of the regiments then engaging their infantry.

