
[CHAP. XXII.

worthy more experienced troops. There were many acts of individual bravery entitling the actors to special notice, but to mention them all would be to extend this report too far.

I am under special obligations to Major H. C. McNeill for his valuable assistance during the two days of the engagement, displaying throughout a cool bravery rarely equaled.

In the second day's engagement Captain J. M. Wilson, of Company I; First Lieutenant B. H. Smith and Second Lieutenant E. R. Morerod (acting commissary of the regiment), of Company G, Captain W. P. Hutchison, of Company E, and lieutenant Manly, of Company B, were wounded.

The number of killed and wounded in the regiment during both days' engagement was 20 killed, 103 wounded, and 17 missing.

Respectfully,

ALEX. W. CAMPBELL,

Colonel Thirty-third Regiment Tennessee Volunteers.

Numbers 155. Report of Captain T. J. Stanford, Mississippi Battery.

CAMP, NEAR CORINTH, MISS.,

April 10, 1862.

I have the honor to report that, owing to the fact that there were no distinct roads through the woods, and the undergrowth being quite thick, I found it quite impossible to follow the course taken by the brigade on the morning of the 6th sufficiently fast to keep in position; consequently soon found my command entirely disconnected. Left to my own judgment, I determined to advance in the direction of the enemy as indicated by the firing. I soon found myself in front of one of their batteries, which opened fire upon us at a distance of about 600 yards. My guns were placed in position as soon as possible in the face of a fire that was telling both on men and horses with terrible effect. In about fifteen minutes their firing ceased, and I was gratified to know that an infantry regiment very soon took possession of it without firing a gun. Subsequently during the day I occupied positions under orders from Generals Beauregard, Ruggles, and others.

On Monday morning (the 7th), while awaiting orders from you, orders were received from General Beauregard to advance to the support of a column commanded by General Breckinridge.

About 11 a.m. a battery, which had been firing all the morning and up to this time I had supposed to be one of our own, opened fire upon us. After assuring myself that they were certainly our enemy, I opened upon them with solid shot and spherical case at a range of 500 yards. The cannonading continued about thirty minutes, they changing their position once during the time.

At this juncture General Breckinridge moved forward his column with a view of capturing the battery. The charge was a gallant one. The men, promptly answering the call of their leaders, went forward with a shout. They met with a check, however, from the enemy, who were lying in ambush in numbers not less than 3,000 strong. When I saw the command of General Breckinridge retiring, I gave orders for canister to be brought forward, and prepared to give them a warm reception. This we did as soon as their front was unmasked, and for thirty minutes we held them in check, their ranks broken and wavering in many places,

