
showing plainly that but a little better support from infantry, which was not given us, would have sufficed to have routed them completely. At no time was the distance more than 300 yards, and this was reduced to 50 yards when the last gun was discharged. A part of the time they filed passed in four ranks, with the intention of flanking us. It was then the grape had the most terrible effect upon them. Large gaps were made by every gun at each discharge. Three regimental flags being in full view, I gave orders to point at them, and soon had the satisfaction of seeing two of them fall to the ground, both being raised again. One was again cut down. Being hard pressed, and almost surrounded by their large force, I determined to withdraw my command, or such part of it as I could move. My horses being nearly all killed, I could only bring away two pieces, leaving four upon the field. These, however, we did not abandon till the last moment, making them pay dearly for their purchase. The effect of my determined stand, after all support had left me, though disastrous to my immediate command, was certainly beneficial to our common cause, as it gave commanders of infantry regiments time to rally their forces before getting into a complete rout. This I saw at a glance, and determined, if need be, to sacrifice my battery.

Our losses were 4 killed, 14 wounded, and 2 taken prisoners; also about 60 horses, most of which were killed.

The officers and privates in my command acted with much bravery and deliberation. Where all did so well it would be improper to make distinctions.

Lieutenants McSwine, Hardin, Trotter, and McCall all participated in the two days' fight, and gave me efficient aid in the management and firing of the pieces, frequently pointing and ranging them in person.

To Lieutenant Dunlap, temporarily attached to my command, I am indebted for valuable services during the battle. He showed himself equal to the occasion.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

T. J. STANFORD,

Commanding Stanford's Battery.

Brigadier-General STEWART,

Comdg. Second Brig., First Div., Army of the Mississippi.

Numbers 156. Report of Major General B. F. Cheatham, C. S. Army, commanding Second Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, FIRST CORPS,Camp Blythe, Miss., April 30, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit a detailed statement of the operations of the forces under my command at the battle of Shiloh on the 6th and 7th instant:

The division was composed of two brigades, the First commanded by Brigadier General B. R. Johnson until the hour of 11 a.m. on Sunday, when he was disabled by a painful would and forced to relinquish the command to Colonel Preston Smith, of the One hundred and fifty-fourth Senior Regiment Tennessee Volunteers, senior colonel of the brigade. Lieutenant Colonel Marcus J. Wright, an efficient and gallant officer, succeeded Col-

