
together attacked the enemy, about 5,000 strong, admirably posted, and were actively and continuously engaged for three hours.

In the charge first mentioned the Second Brigade lost many of its bravest and best officers and men. Major Welborn, of the Seventh Regiment Kentucky Volunteers, and Captain Jo. B. Freeman, of the Sixth Tennessee Volunteers, fell, mortally wounded. Captain Persons, of the sixth Tennessee, and Lieutenant Robert Thomas, adjutant of the Ninth Tennessee, after exhibiting the most determined spirit and a high degree of skill as officers, fell dead.

About 2.30 p.m. Colonel Maney, with the left wing of his regiment, the First Tennessee, reported to me in front of the position which the enemy had to this time held obstinately against the efforts of parts of the commands of Generals Bragg, Breckinridge, and my own. General Breckinridge, meantime, had moved his command forward and to my right; and was slowly but steadily pressing it through a dense wood to attack the position on its left, and with the purpose of sustaining him by vigorous co-operation against its front I directed Colonel Maney to immediately prepare for action, advising him, so far as time permitted, of the difficulties of the position, and instructing him as to where our different forces were located, and, at his own request, giving him the privilege of selecting his command for the purpose. The Ninth Tennessee Regiment (Colonel Douglass) being at hand and having to this time suffered less than the others of the Second Brigade, was, with his battalion of the First Tennessee, selected to move forward with him across the field fronting the wood, while Colonel Cummings, Nineteenth Tennessee Regiment (properly of General Breckinridge's command, but which had been with Colonel Maney on his detached service during the morning), was placed to his right and between General Breckinridge and myself, with instructions to move forward in concert with the First and Ninth Tennessee.

With these dispositions I pressed the final attack upon the position in question. Colonel Maney advanced his First and Ninth in excellent order across the field, and was so fortunate as to almost reach the shelter of the woods before the enemy opened fire on him. Pressing forward to this point, he ordered his line to lie down until a general fire from the enemy's line had been delivered, and then promptly resumed his advance. The next instant I knew (from the lively cheering in his direction) that his charge had begun and the enemy routed and driven by it). Judging the enemy now to be in full retreat, I directed Lieutenant-Colonel Miller, of the First Battalion of Mississippi Cavalry, now of Colonel Lindsay's regiment, to move forward rapidly in the direction of the retreating column and fall upon him in his fight. This was well executed, and resulted in the captured of a number of prisoners, together with Captain Ross' (Michigan) battery of six guns entire, including officers and men, which regard to my own command, was by far the most obstinately contested during the day.

Broken and routed, he apparently, from all directions, seemed flying toward the river and our own forces as generally closing upon him. Most of his force, with which the position had been held, fell into the hands of our army in the effort to retire.

With the balance of my command I pressed forward and joined Colonel Maney, who had now become my advance, and had in his pursuit captured and sent to the rear many of the routed enemy.

About this time a halt was made for the purpose of some concentra-

