
side, and can only be carried by a large force with a heavy loss of life, but it can be readily reduced by having a good force attack simultaneously on the south side, or, better still, by an investment, which would soon starve them out. I would suggest that another battery, with heavier rifled guns, could be advantageously used to this line. If General Garfield could march down from Pikeville through Virginia with his force and attack on south side or cut off supplies, I do not think the rebels could remain there long.

I forward herewith a rough sketch of the Gap and their works. I have ordered up the Thirty-third Indiana Regiment.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. P. CARTER,

Acting Brigadier-General, Twelfth Brigade.

Captain J. B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.

No. 2. Report of Major-General E. Kirby Smith, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., March 30, 1862.

GENERAL: Colonel J. E. Rains, commanding the post at Cumberland Gap, reports that on the evening of the 21st instant the enemy drove in the pickets and on the morning following appeared in his front. Having succeeded in placing two pieces of artillery in position on a neighboring ridge, they opened fire, which was kept up during the day (the 22d) with considerable vigor, as well as from small-arms at long range, but with little effect.*

The loss of the enemy is not known, but during the night they withdrew, apparently in great consternation. A body of cavalry to protect their rear were the only troops of the Federal forces seen the next morning, and which it was impossible to cut off.

Information which had reached the enemy of an expedition toward Jacksborough led them to believe that the garrison had been weakened to a great extent, and induced this demonstration. After feeling and ascertaining that it was in force, they retired. Their force was no other than Carter's brigade, estimated at about 4,000 to 6,000.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General, C. S. Army.

No. 3. Reports of Colonel James E. Rains, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS,Cumberland Gap, March 22, 1862.

SIR: On yesterday evening, about dark, a party of infantry scouts

---------------

*List yesterday omitted shows 5 men wounded.

---------------

