
[CHAP. XXII.

lantry; and in the charge of the brigade over the field shortly afterwards, where Major Welborn, of the Seventh Kentucky; Captains Freeman and Persons, of the Sixth Tennessee, and Adjt. Robert Thomas, of the Ninth Tennessee, with many others, gave up their lives for their country. Colonel Stephens, at the time commanding brigade, colonel Wickliffe, of the Seventh Kentucky; Colonel Douglass, of the Ninth Tennessee, and Lieutenant-colonel Jones, commanding Sixth Tennessee, nobly headed their commands and led their advance.

The brigade, as a body, notwithstanding the terrific storm of artillery and musketry which was poured upon it, did not fly in confusion, but fell back in order, and reforming promptly, renewed the action with spirit so soon as it was relieved from the murderous cross-fire to which it had been subjected. Though it failed in the effort to drive the enemy from his position, it was not for want of courage in officers or men. They did, by keeping up a galling fire, drive the enemy from his ambush on the flank of the field, and force him to seek shelter under the wood in front, thus materially favoring the successful attack of Colonel Maney's command at a later hour in the day. The movement of Colonel Maney on the enemy, in force and position immediately in my front, showed, in its execution, most admirable skill and judgment, joined with the highest valor in its leader. His command was moved forward in the best order to the woods, in the shelter of which he ordered his line to lie down and open fire, chiefly to draw the enemy's and learn his force and position. The next moment the charge was ordered and led in person by Colonel Maney with a dashing gallantry which rarely, if ever, admits of failure.

I think this charge was one of the most brilliant, as it was certainly one of the most decisively successful, movements of the day. The enemy was routed and driven by it, and it was pressed with such vigor that the never rallied again until he reached the shelter of his gunboats on the river bank.

I was deprived of the valuable assistance of Colonel Maney during the action of Monday through the orders on him of an officer ranking him; but am gratified that he did good service on a different portion of the field from that on which I was engaged. For a detailed statement of his action I refer to his official report, filed with this. It reveals gallant and efficient conduct in Lieutenant-Colonel Hurt, of the Ninth Tennessee Regiment; Major Feild, commanding battalions of First Tennessee, and Major Hearn, commanding the Fifteenth Tennessee, who were engaged under him in the action of Monday; and also directs my attention to the distinguished services of Colonel Wickliffe, of the Seventh Kentucky, who, after noble conduct under my own eye on Sunday, received his mortal wound at about 12 m. on Monday, bravely leading a charge, having previously borne a conspicuous part in Colonel Maney's engagement during the early part of the day. The many high qualities which dignified the character of this officer as a soldier and a gentleman render his death a sad loss to his associates in arms and a serious one to the cause for which his life was given.

As has been stated, my First Brigade was detached from my personal supervision early on Sunday morning, and became speedily afterward engaged. Their constant advance, however, which would not yield to the destructive fire which thinned their ranks, and could not be checked by the fall of such leaders as Brigadier-General Johnson, Colonel Blythe, Lieutenant-Colonel Herron, Lieutenant-Colonel Tyler, and Captain Polk, strongly attests the determination of the command.

The accompanying reports of Brigadier-General Johnson and Colonel

