
Preston Smith, who, after General Johnson was wounded, commanded the brigade with skill, energy, and eminent gallantry, will show excellent conduct in the chief regimental officers.

Colonel Blythe and his lieutenant-colonel, Herron, sealed their devotion to their country with their life's blood. Brigadier-General Johnson, Lieutenant-Colonel Tyler, of the Fifteenth Tennessee, and Captain Polk, of the artillery, were all painfully, and the last-named dangerously, wounded while discharging their duties with heroic valor.

It is a serious misfortune for the country that the serious nature of Captain Polk's wound rendered it impossible to remove him from the field.

Colonel Walker, commanding, and Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, of the Second Tennessee, and Lieutenant Colonel Marcus J. Wright, commanding the One hundred and fifty-fourth Senior Regiment, after Colonel Smith took command of the brigade, are all highly commended for gallantry and efficiency.

My admiration of the conduct of the officers and men of my command, in a conflict unequaled in severity and magnitude on this continent, had demanded of me the extended notices given, and, though conscious that many highly deserving of praise have not been named, I must now conclude with some notice of the conduct of my personal staff.

The zealous efficiency in the administration of his office and the earnest devotion to duty always evinced by my assistant adjutant-general, Major James D. Porter, were only surpassed by the promptness with which he transmitted my orders to all parts of the field, and the calm, unfaltering courage with which he bore himself throughout these bloody battles.

To my aides-de-camp, Captain F. H. McNairy and T. F. Henry, my cordial thanks are due. Captain McNairy was, in truth, all that his title imports. No place was too severely trying for him to carry and deliver my orders with promptness and precision. He was ever untiring in the performance of his dangerous duties. Captain Henry displayed an equal gallantry and energy. Nor must I omit to mention A. L. Robertson and John Campbell, who, though boys, were attached to my military family, and were at times used as aides. Their conduct during the battle was such as to give promise of great future usefulness. I regret to say that young Campbell, which acting as my aide-de-camp, fell dead, his entire head having been carried away by a cannon shot. He was a noble, boy, and strongly showed the embryo qualities of a brilliant and useful soldier.

In conclusion, I must return my sincere thanks to Judge Archibald Wright, of Tennessee, and to Colonel Pickett, of the Twenty-first Tennessee Regiment, who, as volunteer aides, rendered me very efficient services, and to Captain William Roundree, of Gordon's cavalry, who, while acting on Monday as a volunteer aide, showed a daring equal to every emergency.

the effective force carried by me into the battle was 3,801. My loss in killed, wounded, and missing, reports of which have heretofore been received, was 1,213.

B. F. CHEATHAM,

Major-General, C. S. Army.

Major GEORGE WILLIAMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

