
portion of the day, and be leave to say that, although comparatively a new regiment, there was not a command that came under my observation that better preserved its organization on the field and met the shock of the enemy with more coolness and firmness or who went into the action under a more daring and gallant leader.

At an early hour on Monday morning, in obedience to an order of Major-General Cheatham, I moved the One hundred and fifty-fourth Tennessee, and a portion of the Second Tennessee, under Captain Vance, forward on the Pittsburgh road, having previously sent forward a portion of Blythe's Mississippi regiment and the Fifteenth Tennessee to rejoin their respective commands. When we had approached near the quarters occupied on Sunday night by General Beauregard, hearing heavy firing on our right we were hastily thrown into line of battle, under the directions of Generals Polk and Cheatham. At this point I was joined by a portion of Blythe's regiment, commanded by Major Moore. The line of battle thus formed was composed of the One hundred and fifty-fourth and Sixth Tennessee and detached portions of other commands, making about three regiments, which, when formed, were moved rapidly forward under the lead of Major-General Cheatham. In advancing the One hundred and fifty-fourth, a portion of Blythe's regiment, and a company under Captain Vance, of the Second Tennessee, were detached from the line by a thick skirt of woods, undergrowth, and marshy ground. While moving my command by the flank, to avoid these obstacles, I met Brigadier-General Withers, who directed me to hurry to the support of Brigadier-General Chalmers, who was hotly pressed by the enemy on our right.

At this point I met Colonel George Maney, of the First Tennessee Regiment, who directed his command to fall in on my left. Moving my command towards the point indicated at double-quick time, I met Brigadier-General Chalmers, who led my command in person to the point where he most needed support. Here having formed my command in line of battle, I moved to the place occupied by the enemy's camp on the hill, from which we received a galling fire as we advanced. Moving steadily forward, we drove the enemy from his position to a hill beyond, though at a considerable loss in killed and wounded on our side.

The enemy, from his position on the hill, again opened upon us with a battery and his infantry, and a stubborn engagement was kept up for an hour and a half, when, my ammunition being exhausted, I directed the command to be retired from the field for the purpose of procuring ammunition, while I went forward to advise Brigadier-General Chalmers of my purpose. This command was executed in good order. While going forward to Brigadier-General Chalmers' position I received a shot through the right shoulder with a Minie ball, inflicting a painful wound and disabling my sword arm. This and the wounding of my horse twice on Sunday were the only casualties to myself.

On retiring for the purpose above stated I fell in with Brigadier-General Withers' command, and remained with him and under his orders, until ordered to retire my command from the field in the direction of Corinth.

I cannot close this report without expressing my profound thanks to Lieutenant-Colonel Wright, who, though struck on the leg on Sunday by a ball, which gave him much pain, continued with the command, giving me most valuable aid; to Major Ed. Fitzgerald, who, while encouraging the men in charging a battery on Sunday, had his horse shot under him and continued to cheer them on to victory; to Adjt. W. H.

29 R R-VOL X

