
[CHAP. XXII.

Stovall, Captains M. M. Patrick, E. A. Cole, S. Fowlkes, jr., George Mellersh, J. S. Moreland, J. H. Edmondson, Alphonso Cross, Richard H. Randolph, Michael Magevney, jr., and W. B. Yowell, and to the company officers, with but few exceptions, of the One hundred and fifty-fourth Senior Regiment; to Lieutenant Brownrigg, Caprains Sharpe and Nesbit, and the other company officers of Blythe's Mississippi regiment, whose conduct came under my observation; to Captains Vance and Triplett, of the Second Tennessee Regiment, and to the officers and men generally of my command for their gallant and resolute bearing throughout those eventful and hard-contested days.

Herewith I send the reports of the several regimental commanders, which will serve to show where the different corps were during the two days when away from my immediate command; also that of Lieutenant Thomas R. Smith, commanding battery. Of this gallant officer I would say his bearing was that which should ever characterized a soldier. He deserves [well] of his country.

I have the honor, sir, to be, your obedient servant,

PRESTON SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major J. D. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 159. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Marcus J. Wright, One hundred and fifty-fourth Tennessee Infantry.
HDQRS. 154TH SENIOR REGIMENT TENNESSEE VOLS,Camp Blythe, near Corinth, Miss., Aptil 14, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of the One hundred and fifty-fourth Senior Regiment Tennessee Volunteers in the action of the 6th and 7th instant:

The regiment (about 650 strong) was posted on the right of the brigade, in line of battle, Blythe's Mississippi regiment being on our left. In this order, Brigadier-General Johnson being in command of the brigade and Colonel Preston Smith in command of the regiment, we moved forward at sunrise on the morning of the 6th. We formed a part of the reserve corps to support General Clark's brigade, and marched in line of battle, following the movements of this brigade until about 8 a.m., when we were ordered to move rapidly forward into action.

Between us and the position then occupied by the enemy upon whom we were ordered to move was a large open field, and the officer whom had borne to us the order, being of General Bragg's staff, directed us to march by the flank, right in front, through this field, which was done. Before marching on position, and while still marching by the flank, the enemy's battery, posted in the woods toward which we were moving, opened upon us, the first shot taking effect upon our right company, killing 1 instantly and wounding 2 others, viz, Lieutenant D. E. Abbott, and First Sergt. W. R. Johnson, of Company A. This threw the head of our column into some confusion, but the men were soon brought together, though the firing was continued.

We proceeded some 500 yards farther in the same order, when we filed to the right and formed our line of battle under most unfavorable circumstances, the enemy's battery and small-arms doing great execution in the ranks. As rapidly as possible, however, we opened fire,

