
[CHAP. XXII.

Here we remained with them until Major-General Polk ordered us to retire for the night to our encampment, which we did.

At daylight on Monday morning we were in line, our detached companies having rejoined the regiment the night previous. We were moved to the rear, upon the road toward the general hospital, under the lead of Major-Generals Polk and Chetham, to meet the enemy, supposed to be advancing to cut us off in the rear; but the alarm proving false, we were counter-marched and led to the battle-field. Our first line of battle was formed in an open field in rear of the position then occupied by Captain Bankhead's battery. Remaining here a few minutes we were ordered forward, the entire brigade moving in line of battle. We were repeatedly ordered by

-----

Henry, of General Cheatham's staff, to oblique to the right, which we continued to do under his orders until we engaged in a desperate contest with the enemy's artillery and musketry, and becoming separated from the rest of the brigade (with the exception of a portion of Blythe's Mississippi Regiment of Volunteers), continued the engagement for over an hour, exposed to a deadly fire, and withdrew only when our ammunition was completely exhausted. We then retired and were met by a staff officer, announcing that there was a general movement to the rear. We then fell in with General Withers' division and retired in order with them.

It will be no disparagement of the gallant bearing of the officers and men of this regiment to mention particularly that Captain James Moreland, of company G, was conspicuous for his gallantry, leading the charge of the left wing upon the enemy's battery under a severe fire, and was the first to reach their guns; or to say of Captain E. A. Cole, of the Maynard Rifles, a company but few weeks in service, that he and his gallant company bore themselves like veterans during the two days' battle.

Lieutenant A. P. Dupuy, of this company, was severely, and it is thought mortally, wounded on the first day.

To Major Ed. Fitzgerald and Adjt. William H. Stovall my especial thanks are due for their bravery, coolness, and alacrity in all parts of the field, urging the men to be steady or leading them when necessary.

Captain E. M. Cheairs, of Company K, fell at the head of his company, waving them on to the charge. He died the death of a gallant soldier. I must be permitted to speak in the highest terms of the bravery of both men and officers of this regiment.

I append herewith a detailed statement of the killed, wounded, and missing, being 25 killed, 163 wounded, and 11 missing, some of whom are thought to be killed or left on the battle-field severely wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARCUS J. WRIGHT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel J. KNOX WALKER,

Comdg. First Brigade, First Division, First Army Corps.

Numbers 160. Report of Colonel William H. Stephens, Sixth Tennessee Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH TENNESSEE REGIMENT,Corinth, Miss., April 17, 1862.

COLONEL: Being directed by Major-General Cheatham, early on the

