
morning of the 6th instant, to remain in command of my old brigade (Second) until Colonel Maney should arrive upon the field, I respectfully submit a report of its operations on that day:

The brigade then upon the field consisted of the Sixth Tennessee Regiment, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel T. P. Jones; the Ninth Tennessee Colonel Douglas, and the Seventh Kentucky, Colonel Wickliffe, and Captain M. Smith's light battery. The only report made to me is that of Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, herewith submitted.*

Shortly before the charge was ordered, as referred to in the report of Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, I was thrown from my wounded horse, which accident, added to extreme weakness-the consequence of an attack of illness from which I had prematurely risen-disabled me from rendering active assistance during the engagement. I nevertheless joined in the gallant charge made by the brigade upon the batteries, my position being near the right of the sixth Tennessee.

After this regiment and the Seventh Kentucky fell back from the open field my efforts were directed to rallying them under cover of the timber. These efforts were continued until I was overcome by exhaustion, after which I took no active part in the field operations of the day.

The conduct of the officers and men of the Sixth Tennessee Regiment came under my immediate notice, and much praise is due to them generally for their conduct on that trying occasion.

Lieutenant-Colonel Jones and Captain John Ingram were conspicuous for their gallantry, and Major George C. Porter and Lieutenant R. C. Williamson, the adjutant of the regiment, exhibited much courage upon the field.

My staff officers, Lieutenant Isaac M. Jackson, assistant adjutant-general; William D. Stephens and Thomas A. Henderson, my aides-de-camp, and Captain A. L. Swingley, of the Army of Missouri, who acted as my volunteer aide, were courageous and efficient in the discharge of their respective duties. The first named was mortally wounded on the 7th; the second received three severe wounds on the 6th, and the third was slightly wounded on the 7th.

Dr. E. B. Law, acting assistant surgeon Sixth Tennessee Regiment, was prompt, efficient, and utterly regardless of danger in relieving the wounded upon the field.

Your obedient servant,

WM. H. STEPHENS,

Colonel Sixth Tennessee Regiment.

Colonel J. D. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 161. Report of Colonel George Maney, First Tennessee Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Camp near Corinth, Miss., April 25, 1862.

SIR: I submit the following report of the participation of the forces under my immediate command in the battles of the 6th and 7th instant, near Shiloh:

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

