
commands, I directed Colonel Wickliffe, of the Seventh Kentucky Regiment, who had been separated from his command, but up to this time rendered me most efficient service by his activity and gallantry, to take Lieutenant Colonel C. S. Hurt's and Major Hearn's command with him and proceed to re-enforce our left, thinking at the time that Major-General Cheatham was engaged there. Colonel Wickliffe proceeded as directed, and received his fatal wound at the head of a charge, doing his whole duty as a devoted patriot and gallant soldier.

Several other bodies of troops which came up to my position were also directed by me to re-enforce our left, and it is due to Captain J. L. Rice, of Colonel Battle's Tennessee regiment, to say that one body of several hundred, which he had rallied with great exertions, was gallantly led by him in this direction and did excellent service.

At about 4 p.m. I retired with the general movement of our lines and, under General Cheatham's permission, encamped my battalion, First Tennessee Regiment, at Monterey, in their tents, it having been stationed there as part of our advance previous to the battles. The other regiments of my brigade, in pursuance of orders, returned to Corinth.

The troops who acted under my immediate command during the battles of both days, with very few exceptions, discharged their duties with the gallantry and faithfulness due to their cause. The Sixth Tennessee and Seventh Kentucky Regiments, together with Captain Melancthon Smith's light battery, were more under the immediate eye of my division general than my own. Both of these regiments had suffered severely before I assumed command of them in the engagement of Sunday.

It is a peculiar gratification to be able to say that at the close of the battles on Monday night the battalion of the First Tennessee Regiment marched into its camp at Monterey with but one single absentee besides those who had fallen in the actions or been excused for proper cause by the surgeon and this one reported early next day. To their prompt and precise performance of orders on the field their slight loss is attrib unable.

While I may not name all who showed both courage and devotion, it is a pleasant duty to call attention to several who discovered eminent merit as soldiers on the field.

In Sunday's action Colonel Douglas, of the Ninth Tennessee, bore himself with the courage becoming the commander of his gallant regiment, and Lieutenant-Colonel Hurt, of the same, displayed a dashing gallantry, combined with an aptitude for command, entitling him to the highest praise. My high expectations of Major H. R. Feild, who succeeded me in immediate command of the battalion of the First Tennessee Regiment, were not in the least disappointed. He executed all orders with the greatest promptness, and led his command in every advance with the utmost coolness and intrepidity. I must also express thanks to Captain Ingram, of the Sixth Tennessee. His company had been for the time retired, after suffering severely in a former attempt to drive the enemy from the woods, but he asked and obtained permission of General Cheatham to personally accompany me in my subsequent attack upon it, and during the whole of my advance his gallantry was conspicuous and a cheering influence to my line.

After driving the enemy from his position in the woods and during my subsequent advance several officers rallied fragments of commands which had been previously engaged there and reported to me, requesting the privilege of forming part of my force in further movements. I regret the names of most of these have escaped my memory, but Major Moore, of Colonel Blythe's Mississippi regiment, was conspicuously useful and active in this respect.

