
[CHAP. XXII.

In the action of Monday, as has been mentioned, I had the valuable personal assistance of Colonel Wickliffe, of the Seventh Kentucky Regiment, and in my first and main charge against the enemy he was of eminent service; his position seemed at all times wherever danger was greatest or encouragement to the line most needed. His devotion and valor are, indeed, a serious loss to his country.

Rev. William Harris, of Memphis, who became my volunteer aide on Monday, deserves notice and my cordial thanks for his gallantry in the action.

Major Hearn, of the Fifteenth Tennessee Regiment, showed himself worthy and equal to his position and led his regiment gallantly.

Lieutenant-Colonel Hurt, of the Ninth and Major Feild, of First Tennessee, in every respect repeated their good conduct of the day previous.

Reports of regimental commanders and lists of casualties in my command are filed herewith.

Very respectfully,

GEO. MANEY,

Colonel First Tennessee Regiment, Commanding Brigade.

Major J. D. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 162. Report of Lieutenant Colonel W. D. Lannom, Seventh Kentucky Infantry.

CAMP BLYTHE, April 14, 1862.

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to report to your that in the action on Monday, the 7th instant, a portion of the Seventh Regiment Kentucky Volunteers were in position in your command and acted in concert with it under your orders. I was delayed a short time on Monday morning from joining my regiment, having been sent by Colonel Wickliffe to bring up a company that we understood was on its way back to our encampment. When I received your command was advancing up the slope of a ridge toward some buildings, afterwards burned by our men, and the enemy falling back before you. Up to that time my regiment had been actin under the orders of Colonel Lockett. When we reached the buildings above mentioned and formed the line a few paces beyond on the ridge Colonel Lockett transferred the command to myself, and Colonel Wickliffe, arriving shortly afterward, assumed command himself. At your direction I assisted you as aide along that portion of the line where my regiment was posted. After considerable maneuvering along the ridge an order passed along the line to move forward, which was done promptly and in good order along the line to move forward, which was done promptly and in good order along that portion of the line which came under my observation. The direction led us across a branch and up the slope of a hill covered with a thick underbrush. The enemy opened a heavy fire upon us, and Colonel Wickliffe fell at the first fire with severe wound on the head. We advanced a short distance farther up the hill, near enough to see that the enemy was retiring, but firing on us as he fell back. Our line also gave way and was again formed on the ridge we had just left.

I again assumed command of my regiment in consequence of the wound of Colonel Wickliffe. We then moved by the left flank in support of a battery of ours, which shelled the Federals out of an encampment situated across a field from where the battery was planted. We then

