
moved by the right flank and came under a very heavy fire from an enemy's battery planted in our front. It was here that our line gave way and moved to the rear. My regiment, being posted on the right, flanked off to the left, and a portion of it passed through the field to the east and adjoining the burnt building. They received a fire from the enemy posted on the side of the field and returned it. After a few rounds the enemy fell back from the fence.

I was much mortified at our men retiring from the charge up the slope of the wooded hill at the very moment when the enemy himself was retiring, but I am satisfied that the enemy had not been forced back sufficiently far on our right to have enabled us to have held the ridge in our advance if we had taken [it]] without heavy fighting and great loss of life.

Very respectfully, yours,

W. D. LANNOM,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Seventh Regiment Kentucky Volunteers.

Brigadier General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE.

Numbers 163. Report of Colonel A. J. Lindsay, First Mississippi Cavalry.

CAMP, NEAR LEXINGTON, TENN.,

April 21, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the part which my regiment took in the battle of April 6 and 7.

I was ordered by Major-General Polk to repair to Lexington on April 4 and there assume command of nine companies of Mississippi Cavalry.

While at Jackson I received a telegram to march immediately to the neighborhood of Monterey with the regiment. I sent a messenger at once to Lieutenant-Colonel Miller, at Lexington, directing him to start without delay, and that I would meet him at Purdy. I overtook Lieutenant-Colonel Miller a few miles this side of Monterey and assumed command of the regiment.

On the morning of the 6th instant I marched toward the battle-field on the left flank of Major-General Cheatham's division, and kept with it until just before engaging the enemy, when General Cheatham ordered me to pass in his rear. I did so, and shortly after General Cheatham's division became engaged with the enemy. I remained probably an hour or two in General Cheatham's rear, when I received an order from General Bragg to report to him. I did so, and received an order to support some infantry farther up the hill, near where a battery had just been taken. I obeyed the order, and was told by a staff officer of General Breckinridge to place myself near General Jackson's column. I waited there until I received an order from another staff officer to proceed with all possible haste to the river. I arrived with my command at the place where General Prentiss surrendered and reported to Major-General Polk, who, directing me to take command of all the cavalry and go up the river to cut off the enemy's retreat, I directed Lieutenant-Colonel Miller to proceed on immediately with my regiments in that direction, while I delayed a few minutes to collect all the cavalry I could. Finding amid confusion I could get

