
MARCH 25, 1862.-Reconnaissance to Agnew's Ferry, Tenn.

Report of Lieutenant Mortimer Neely, Fifth Iowa Cavalry.

FORT HENRY, TENN., March 28, 1862.

SIR: Agreeably to Special Orders, No. 10, I proceeded forthwith, with 20 men, on March 25, at 8 o'clock p.m., to what is known as Agnew's Ferry, and there and on the road learned to my satisfaction that his steam ferry-boat was at some point down the river in possession of the United States forces. I also learned that small parties of the enemy's cavalry were in the habit of crossing the river at that point daily in a small ferry-boat, and thought it best to leave a guard there, which I did, of 1 sergeant, 1 corporal, and 6 privates, with instructions to examine all who passed, and to remain there until further orders.

On my return, at the urgent request of the Union citizens, I arrested and have now under guard, subject to your orders, 10 prisoners, 5 of whom have been soldiers in the Confederate Army and 5 notorious rebels. The soldiers are: John Beaugard, who has been nine months in Bissell's Arkansas Cavalry, first duty sergeant in Captain Thomas' company; W. W. Wiggins, two months in Forrest's Cavalry, Polk Walker's Rangers, Alabama, Captain De Coat; George W. Saunders, five months in Colonel Forbes' Infantry, Fourteenth Tennessee, Captain Buckner's company; Albert C. Brigham and John P. Rushings, who were both in the artillery service two months each, with Colonel Heiman and Captain Taylor, Tennessee Volunteers.

The foregoing is their own statement to me, and I will here say that John Beaugard and W. W. Wiggins have conducted themselves very badly while here, swearing that the time would come when they would have their revenge.

The other five, consisting of Samuel Downs, John U. Downs, Frank M. Downs, Green H. Wiggins, and A. G. Rushings, I learned to my satisfaction have been very prominent secessionists, driving Union citizens from their homes, threatening to hang them if they did not leave, and the latter making public speeches for disunion, and never disguising the fact their whole sympathies were with the Confederates.

I am, with profound respect, yours, truly,

MORTIMER NEELY,

First Lieutenant, Company K, Curtis' Horse.

Colonel W. W. LOWE.

MARCH 25-28, 1862.-Reconnaissance from Murfreesborough to Shelbyville, Tullahoma, Manchester, and McMinnville, Tenn.

Report of Colonel John Kennett, Fourth Ohio Cavalry.
HDQRS. FOURTH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Camp Van Buren, Tenn., March 28, 1862.

DEAR SIR: On the 24th instant your order was received directing the Fourth to make a tour of reconnaissance in force, leaving the detail to the commanding officer. You are aware we could not get rations for three days until next day.

On the 25th, at 6 p.m., the Fourth took the advance, followed by 80 artillerists,

