
[CHAP. XXII.

none except my regiment, I joined it, and arrived at the head of it just as a battery from Michigan had surrendered to Lieutenant-Colonel Miller. This battery was complete in men, horses, and guns, and I ordered it to be taken to General Polk. I saw another battery across a deep ravine, and started with 30 or 40 men to take it. I captured one of the caissons; but on coming up with the battery found myself in the presence of several brigades of the enemy's infantry drawn up in line. They fired at me, but I managed to get under the hill without sustaining any damage. I returned to my regiment and proceeded to the bank of the river, where I captured 6 or 7 prisoners, making in all about 60 or 70 that my regiment had taken. I remained that night until 12 o'clock in the saddle on picket duty, and spent the balance of the night in the enemy's camp.

Monday morning I was ordered to take position on the Bark road. During the day I supported, successively, the divisions of Breckinridge and Hardee, and in the afternoon I was ordered by General Hardee to cover the retreat of his division, which I did, skirmishing with the enemy, and was the last of the army to leave the field.

I sent you a list of the casualties which occurred before I left Corinth*.

I cannot speak too highly of the good behavior of both officers and men of the regiment.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. LINDSAY,

Colonel, Commanding Mississippi Cavalry.

Major GEORGE WILLIAMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 164. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John H. Miller, First Mississippi Cavalry.

CAMP, BETWEEN CORINTH AND PURDY, MISS.,

April 13, 1862.

COLONEL: In obedience to your order I have the honor to report to you the circumstances attending the capture of the Second Michigan Battery (Captain Ross commanding) in the battle of Shiloh, on Sunday, the 6th instant.

The battery was taken by the First Battalion Mississippi Cavalry, the balance of your regiment being on detached service.

About 5 p.m. you were ordered by General Polk, at the place where the large number of Federal prisoners had surrendered, to assume command of all the cavalry, and cut the enemy off, if possible, in their retreat. You immediately ordered me to advance as fast as possible with the command, while you collected all the cavalry you could find. I accordingly pressed forward about one-fourth of a mile and came suddenly in view of the battery, about 300 yards distant. Their horses were all attached and all evidently ready for retreat. As soon as they discovered us I judged, from their rapidly moving to and for, that they were preparing to turn, unlimber, and open upon us. I ordered the battalion to charge, which was done promptly, and every horse, man, and gun captured. I immediately ordered Major Herndon, with a de-

---------------

*List shows 2 officers and 3 men wounded.

---------------

