
tachment of Captain A. B. Cole's company, Pontotoc Dragoons, to move the battery to our rear and deliver it to some general officer. It was delivered to Major-General Bragg.

Immediately after the detail of Major Herndon and the detachment of men you, being just in the rear of our column, came forward and assumed command before the battery had been moved from the place of capture.

I have the honor to be, colonel, yours, respectfully,

J. H. MILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Regiment Mississippi Cavalry.

Colonel A. J. LINDSAY,

First Regiment Mississippi Cavalry.

[Indorsement.]

-----

,---,--,-1862.

Respectfully forwarded with the remarks that at the time the battery was taken I was with my regiment, though not at the head of it, being delayed, by Major-General Polk's order, to take command of all the cavalry. I ordered the battery to be sent to Major-General Polk, and attempting to take another battery, came back and found that Lieutenant-Colonel Miller had sent it off with an escort, which by mistake carried it to Major-General Bragg.

A. J. LINDSAY,

Colonel, Commanding Mississippi Cavalry.

Numbers 165. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel R. H. Brewer, Battalion of Mississippi and Alabama Cavalry.

CAMP, NEAR PURDY, TENN., April --, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my battalion of Mississippi and Alabama cavalry in the battle near Shiloh Church:

I moved from Purdy in the direction of Pittsburgh on Saturday morning, bringing up in the rear of Brigadier General Bushrod Johnson's brigade.

Saturday night, by order of Major-General Polk, I sent two of my companies in the direction of Adamsville, to watch the movements of Wallace's division.

Sunday morning, with my three companies (one having been taken by the major-general for escort), I took my position, as ordered, on the left flank of Major-General Polk's corps. We were there engaged skirmishing with the skirmishers of the enemy, while Colonel Russell, commanding brigade, was advancing, capturing 25 or 30 and killing and wounding others.

In the afternoon, at Major-General Hardee's suggestion, we attempted to pass around to the left, to get in rear of the enemy. In doing so we encountered a detached regiment, which we charged and fired into with shot-guns, killing the officer commanding and others, getting 1 killed and 3 wounded. We then received orders from Major-General Hardee to remain where we were for the present. We bivouacked that night on Owl Creek.

On the morning of the 7th I was ordered by General Beauregard to

