
[CHAP. XXII.

go with my command to the assistance of Colonel Ferguson. I reported to Colonel Ferguson, but was not needed. For the rest of the day my battalion was employed, by order of General Beauregard, keeping back stragglers. When the army fell back, by order of Major-General Polk, we covered his retreat, getting into camp at Mickey's at 10 o'clock that night.

The next morning I reported to General Breckinridge for duty. Remained three days collecting arms and assisting in removing artillery, &amp;c., as ordered.

I herewith send a list of killed and wounded, as follows: Killed, 5; wounded, 12; missing, 2. Many of my horses were disabled or killed. Both of my horses were shot under me.

Major Baskerville, to whom I am much indebted for coolness, &c., had one of his horses shot.

Very respectfully,

R. H. BREWER,

Lieutenant Colonel Comdg. Battalion Mississippi and Alabama Cavalry.

Major GEORGE WILLIAMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS,June 5, 1863.

The inclosed report of the part taken by the troops under Major Brewer, of the cavalry, at the battle of Shiloh, should have been sent forward to be put on file at the time the reports of others of my subordinate commanders were transmitted; but it was mislaid. It is approved and respectfully forwarded.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. MISSISSIPPI AND ALABAMA BATT. OF CAVALRY,Purdy, Tenn., April 19, 1862.

MAJOR: I compliance with orders from your headquarters I have the honor to report that my command numbered, on the morning of the 6th instant, about 200, rank an file. One hundred detached the night before by Major-General Polk, to scout in the vicinity of Stantonville; one company detached the next morning as body guard to General Polk, and one company with the wagons had not come up. I took the position assigned me-the left flank of Major-General Polk's corps-and covered the flank of Colonel Russell when he brought up his brigade. We there engaged some of the enemy's skirmishers, killing some and wounding others and taking 10 prisoners.

On the afternoon of Sunday we were ordered by General Hardee to endeavor to get in rear of the enemy and charge them. In doing this we encountered a regiment of infantry drawn up in line near Owl Creek. We ran on them with two squadrons with shot-guns; killed among others one of their field officers, who rode up to ascertain our numbers.

On the morning of the 7th another company was detached to bring in stragglers. We were then ordered by General Beauregard to re-enforce Colonel Ferguson. We did so, and after being relieved by Colonel Ferguson reported to General Beauregard. Most of my command

