
[CHAP. XXII.

commanding general ordered a retrograde movement, to commence on the right. This was gradually extended to the left, now held by Ketchum's battery. The troops fell back generally in perfect order and formed line of battle on a ridge about half a mile in the rear, Ketchum retiring slowly as the rear guard of the whole army. The enemy evinced no disposition to pursue.

After some half hour our troops were again put in motion and moved about a mile farther, where line was formed and final arrangements made for the march to our camp at Corinth, the enemy not making the slightest demonstration upon us. This orderly movement, under the circumstances, was as creditable to the troops as any part of the brilliant advance they had made.

A field return of the force carried into action, marked A;* a return of killed, wounded, and missing, marked B, and the reports of division commanders, marked C and D,# accompanied by those of subordinate commanders, are herewith forwarded.

Of the missing, a few were ascertained to have fallen into the hands of the enemy, mostly wounded. The others were no doubt left dead on the field. The heavy loss sustained by the command will best indicate the obstinacy of the resistance met and the determination with which it was overcome.

For the part performed by the different portions of the corps reference is made to the reports of subordinate commanders.

The division of Brigadier General J. M. Withers was gallantly led by that officer from the first gun to the close of the action, and performed service rarely surpassed by any troops on any field.

Brigadier General A. H. Gladden, First Brigade of this division, fell early in the action, mortally wounded, while gallantly leading his command in a successful charge. No better soldier lived. No truer man or nobler patriot ever shed his blood in a just cause.

Later in the day Colonel D. W. Adams, Louisiana infantry, who had succeeded to this splendid brigade, was desperately wounded while gallantly leading it, and later still Colonel Z. C. Deas, Twenty-second Alabama Volunteers, fell pierced by several balls.

Brigadier General James R. Chalmers, at the head of his gallant Mississippians, filled-he could not have exceeded-the measure of my expectations. Never were troops and commander more worthy of each other and of their State.

Brigadier General J. K. Jackson did good service with his Alabama Brigade on the first day, but, becoming much broken, it was not unitedly in action thereafter. The excellent regiment of Colonel Joseph Wheeler, however, joined and did noble service with Gladden's brigade.

Brigadier General D. Ruggles, commanding Second Division, was conspicuous throughout both days for the gallantry with which he led his troops. Brigadier General Patton Anderson, commanding a brigade of this division, was also among the foremost where the fighting was hardest, and never failed to overcome almost entirely of raw troops his personal gallantry and soldierly bearing supplied the place of instruction and discipline.

It would be a pleasing duty to record the deeds of many other noble soldiers of inferior grade, but as subordinate commanders have done so in their reports a repetition is unnecessary. I shall be pardoned for making an exception in case of Captain R. W. Smith, commanding a

---------------

*Not found.

#Nos. 167 and 190.

---------------

