
Colonel Mihalotzy, of the Twenty-fourth Illinois, in command in part of the Twenty-fourth and Thirty-seventh, two brass rifled 6-pounders of Simonson's battery. We marched 15 miles, halting frequently for the infantry and artillery to come up to us. We made the distance by 12 p.m.; bivouacked in a cedar grove. Colonel Mihalotzy stationed his pickets on our advance on the right flank and rear and the Fourth was stationed on the left flank. The night was windy, cold, and the ground was wet. The horses were tied to the trees, and in that condition the entire force slept on their arms ready for any emergency.

At 5 a.m. the reveille was sounded, fires were kindled, and our brave boys were soon boiling a cup of coffee.

By 5.30 a.m the entire command resumed their march, exhibiting an unusual degree of vigor, fired by the report that we were likely to measure arms in the glorious cause that animated our breasts. We marched ahead of the infantry some 3 miles, where we found a Mr. Houston, who willingly sold us some corn and fodder for our horses. We halted and fed there, and were ready for the march when the infantry came up.

We resumed the march at 7 a.m., marching 5 miles, to Shelbyville. We were greeted by a population who evinced by their cheers, waving of handkerchiefs, and other external demonstrations of joy pictured on their countenances great relief and satisfaction at the approach of their deliverers from military despotism. A Mrs. Graham, eighty years of age, with tears in her eyes, welcomed us with a blessing-"God bless your souls." Her husband fought in the revolutionary war. She venerated the old flag. She would not and could not live under any other government, nor should any other flag wave over her head. She with her own hands tore down from the court-house the first secession flag at Shelbyville. Her son-in-law was killed for his Union sentiments. This statement was made by the daughter of the murdered man with tears and sobs. Your humble servant leaned over the fence, seized the old lady by the arm, and shook it with emotions you can readily imagine. Many flags were waved from the doors and windows. We have not met such manifestations of delight in any part of Dixie's land. On entering Shelbyville many surrounded us, and, as it is our custom, we sent for the mayor, to whom we gave the same friendly assurances and pictured our devotion to the Union, and that we were arrayed in support of that Constitution which guaranteed to them all their rights. When addressing the crowd approved satisfaction was pictured in the countenances of the Union people. The infantry and artillery halted at Shelbyville, guarding the city and taking all the military measures to render them secure from attack. Colonel Mihalotzy, a brave and deserving officer, will no doubt furnish you with the details of his own acts during our absence.

The Fourth left Shelbyville at 11 o'clock [and marched] to Tullahoma, being 18 miles, over the most abominable road it was ever our lot to travel, mostly over solid and detached rock, miry lanes, and miry woods, the horses sinking over knee-deep in the mud. When within 8 miles our advance guard, commanded by Captain H. C. Rogers,who was ordered ahead to feel the way and obtain news and forage for our horses, sent Dr. T. McMillen to the reserve, saying that Morgan and his men had gone down to Wartrace to burn bridges. We galloped the entire 8 miles in hopes we could realize the object of our pursuit (the horses came into Tullahoma covered with foam) and the full expectation of seizing a locomotive and bagging the command of the enemy; but, much

