
 [CHAP. XXII.
hours against our forces in front and his right flank, where cavalry infantry, and artillery mingled in the conflict.

As the enemy finally gave way I directed movement of the Second Brigade toward the right along the crest of the ridge following the line of the enemy's continued resistance, and sent a section of Ketchum's battery into action on a road leading toward Pittsburg, in a position overlooking the broken slope below, to reply to batteries nearly in front and in the forest to the right, with which the enemy swept a large circuit around; sending also Colonel Smith's (Louisiana Crescent) regiment, Third Brigade, to support this battery, then harassed by skirmishers, and to seize the opportunity to charge the enemy's position I then put a section of guns, commanded by First Lieutenant James C. Thrall, belonging to Captain George T. Hubbard's (Arkansas) battery,* in position on the road leading along the ridge, still farther to the right, which was soon forced to retire under the concentrated fire of the enemy's artillery.

Discovering the enemy in considerable numbers moving through the forest on the lower margin of the open field in front, I obtained Trabue's and Stanford's light batteries and brought them into action, and directed their fire on masses of the enemy then pressing forward toward our right, engaged in a fierce contest with our forces then advancing against him in that direction. I directed my staff officers at the same time to bring forward all the field guns they could collect from the left toward the right as rapidly as possible, resulting in the concentration of the following batteries, commencing on the right and extending to the left:

1st Captain Trabue's Kentucky;# 2nd, Captain Burns' Mississippi; #3rd, First Lieutenant Thrall's section of Captain Hubbard's Arkansas; 4th, Captain Swett's Mississippi; 5th, Captain Trigg's, and 6th, Captain Roberts' Arkansas; 7th, Captain Rutledge's; 8th, Captain Robertson's (12-pounder Napoleon guns) Alabama; 9th, Captain Stanford's Mississippi; 10th, Captain Bankhead's Tennessee; 11th, Captain Hodgson's Washington Artillery, of Louisiana, extending in succession to the left, toward the position already designated as occupied by Captain Ketchum's (Alabama) battery.

For a brief period the enemy apparently gained ground, and when the conflict was at its height these batteries opened upon his concentrated forces, enfilading Prentiss' division on his right flank, producing immediate commotion, and soon resulted in the precipitate retreat of the enemy from the contest.

At this moment the Second Brigade and the Crescent Regiment pressed forward and cut off a considerable portion of the enemy, comprising Prentiss' division, who surrendered to the Crescent Regiment, of my command, then pressing upon its rear.

Subsequently, while advancing toward the river, I received instructions from General Bragg to carry forward all the troops I could find, and while assembling a considerable force ready for immediate action I received from Colonel Augustin notice of General Beauregard's orders to withdraw from the further pursuit, and finding soon afterwards that the forces were falling back, I retired with them, just as night set in, to the open field in rear, and as I received no further orders I directed

---------------

*This in an amended report, in which the amendments and modifications are indicated, as above, in italics. See General Bragg's indorsement and inclosure Numbers 1., following.

#No other record of a Captain Trabue's battery can be found. Burns' Mississippi Battery should probably read Byrne's Kentucky Battery.

---------------

