
General Anderson and Colonel Gibson to hold their troops in readiness, with their arms cleaned and cartridges supplied, for service the next morning.

For the movement of the Third Brigade during the day, sweeping the left around toward the enemy's center, and the position held during the night, reference is made to the report of Colonel Pond, the brigade commander.

On the morning of the 7th, at about 6 o'clock, a messenger from Colonel Pond gave notice that the enemy were in his front in force, and that he would endeavor to hold him in check until he should received re-enforcements. My First and Second Brigades moved immediately to the field and joined Colonel Pond in his position.

Some time afterward Colonel Pond's brigade was ordered to the right, and Colonel Gibson's then occupied the left, with a part of which and some two companies of cavalry we made the attempt to charge the enemy's right flank and silence a battery there, in which we only partially succeeded with Colonel Fagan's (First Arkansas) regiment, the exhausted condition of the infantry, and fruitless attempt of the cavalry. We succeeded, however, after having silenced and dislodged the battery, in maintaining a position well advanced upon the enemy's flank, until recalled and moved to the center and left of our line, where the conflict raged most fiercely for some hours, with varying fortune, until on the approach of night our troops were withdrawn from the field. In falling back I commanded the artillery, infantry, and cavalry constituting the second line or rear guard of the movement.

In these successive conflicts, covering a period of nearly two days, the troops of my division displayed almost uniformly great bravery and personal gallantry worthy of veterans in the cause. The regiments were remarkable for their steadiness in action, the maintenance of their organization in the field, and their good conduct generally from the beginning to the end of these battles.

In consequence of the hurried nature of my report I shall not enter into details touching the personal conduct of many officers and men distinguished for their gallantry or the special and signal services of regiments, commending, however, the reports of brigade, regimental, and independent company commanders, in all particulars, to special consideration.

It gives pleasure to acknowledge the services on the field, promptly and gallantly rendered, of Captain Roy M. Hooe, assistant adjutant-general, and First Lieutenant M. B. Ruggles, aide-de-camp, throughout the successive conflicts; of Lieutenant L. D. Sandidge, acting assistant inspector-general, the greater part of both days; of Major John Claiborne, chief quartermaster, a part of the first day; of Surg. F. M. Hereford, chief surgeon, slightly wounded, who rendered important services on the field until the wounded required his professional services; of Major E. S. Ruggles, volunteer aide-de-camp, and of Colonel S. S. Heard (Louisiana Volunteers), who volunteered and rendered important services on the field both days, and of Dr. S. S. Sandidge, who volunteered professionally, and although partially disabled by being thrown against a tree, accompanied me to the end of the contest. Major Hallonquist, chief of artillery, rendered me important services during a part of the second day.

I have the regret the loss of Lieutenant Benjamin King, acting assistant adjutant-general, killed during the first day, and of Private Manuel W. Chapman, of the Seventh Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, my sec-

