
[CHAP. XXII.

The general ordered the artillery to fire upon them, which they did, and very soon they returned our fire with some effect. The general now ordered the Seventeenth and Nineteenth Regiments Louisiana Volunteers, with some other infantry regiments, to march by the right flank in the direction of the Tennessee River.

In the mean time I was ordered by the general to re-enforce at that point the artillery already there. By the time we got our guns in position we heard the report of musketry, which we justly concluded was that of our troops sent in that direction. We also saw troops from north and east of the small field marching in a southerly direction, as we supposed, to re-enforce their friends. Our guns opened fire upon them at that juncture with such unparalleled effect that in less time then twenty minutes they were in full retreat toward Prentiss' encampment, and in less than one hour Prentiss and his friends were brought to the general as prisoners. The general and staff were sitting on their horses at the north end of the small cleared field, near where several bales of hay had been set on fire by the explosion of our guns while shooting at the enemy across the field, where the general received Prentiss and other prisoners captured at the same time with Prentiss.

These are my reasons, captain, for saying that General Ruggles was the controlling genius on that occasion. He himself conceived the plan of concentrating the artillery at those different points before mentioned, which we all believe was the cause of Prentiss and his command surrendering at the time they did. I made no notes on this occasion and only write from recollection, and I not doubt have omitted many things that occurred during that part of the day that would be highly creditable to General Ruggles' talents, capacity, and gallantry, as displayed on the field on that day.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. HEARD,

Ex-Colonel Seventeenth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers.

Captain HOOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Columbus, Miss.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]

COLUMBUS, MISS., April 1, 1863.

CAPTAIN: You requested me, a few days ago, to make a statement relative to the bombardment of General Prentiss' division late Sunday evening, April 6, 1862, at the battle of Shiloh; also to state what battery I then belonged to, and what other batteries were in the engagement, and by whom commanded. I have the honor to state as follows:

At that time I was first lieutenant, commanding the right section of an Arkansas battery, commanded by Captain George T. Hubbard, in Brigadier-General Cleburne's brigade, Major General W. J. Hardee's corps. About 1 p.m. I was moving on the right of General Hardee's lines with my section, when I came to a ravine, and was about to have some trouble crossing, when I was met by one of Major-General Polk's staff officers, who directed me to move to my right to a road, in order that I might move forward without any difficulty, which I did as rapidly as possible, and came into action on the left of Captain Bankhead's battery. My position being a bad one, in a dense thicket, I was compelled to fall back, followed by Captain Bankhead. I soon moved forward with my section, by order of Major-General Polk, when I was met and

