
placed into position by yourself, with directions to throw some shot through a log house and some spherical case at some bales of cotton that were in the edge of a field, where there was quite a number of the enemy concealed.

At this time there was no other battery engaged at this point. Brigadier-General Ruggles then directed me to move to my right and throw some shells into a thicket across a field. I had fired but three or four rounds when a rifle battery replied to me most handsomely, and it being a little more than I felt disposed t contend with, General Ruggles ordered me to move my section up to my right, where I was joined by Captain Burns' (Mississippi) battery.* Here I heard General Ruggles say that it was his intention to concentrate as much artillery as possible at this point, to prevent General Prentiss from being re-enforced from the river.

As soon as I had replenished the limber chests of my guns from my caissons General Ruggles ordered me back to my former position. Captain Burns' (Mississippi) battery formed on my right, Captain Swett's (Mississippi) battery, and Captains Trigg's and Robert's (Arkansas) batteries formed on my left. There were other batteries farther to my left, but I am unable to state by whom they were commanded.

The concentration of artillery at this point proved very effective. The re-enforcements that were going to the relief of General Prentiss, not being able it withstand the shower of shot, shell, and shrapnel that was poured upon them, fell back in confusion toward the river, which resulted in the surrender of General Prentiss with his division.

In reference to the concentration of artillery at this point I feel assured that it was done by the direction of Brigadier-General Ruggles, from the fact that I saw him place other batteries into position beside my own, and his staff officers were actively engaged in bringing up batteries from different portions of the field.

I have the honor to remain, captain, your obedient servant,

JAMES C. THRALL,

Captain of Artillery.

Captain L. D. SANDIDGE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. and Insp. Gen., Columbus, Miss.

Numbers 168. Report of Colonel Randall L. Gibson, Thirteenth Louisiana Infantry, commanding First Brigade, with application for Court of Inquiry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE RUGGLES' DIVISION,Corinth, Miss., April 12, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the First Brigade, Ruggles' division, composed of the Nineteenth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, Colonel B. L. Hodge; First Arkansas Regiment, Colonel James F. Fagan; Thirteenth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, Major A. P. Avegno, commanding, and the Fourth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, Colonel H. W. Allen, in the action of the 6th and 7th instant:

At daybreak on the morning of the 6th the brigade was posted on

---------------

*See note on p. 472.

---------------

