
[CHAP. XXII.

received his mortal wound bore himself with great coolness and gallantry. He had long been associated with me, and his loss deprived his country of one of its most accomplished, brave, and devoted officers. He fell in the discharge of his duty, and was borne from the field without a word, but of good cheer to those near him.

Among the living, where all acted well, it would perhaps be invidious to mention any who may have rendered themselves more conspicuous than others. Mr. Robert Pugh, as my aide, on the 6th, rendered valuable services, and Lieutenant H. H. Bein, acting assistant adjutant-general, also during the same day was of very great assistance to me.

The loss of so many brave officers and true men, together with the hardships endured in falling back to this point, had at first a depressing effect on the command, but it is rallying very fast, and will again move forward with resolution to meet our defeated foe.

I have the honor to remain, captain, your obedient servant,

RANDALL LEE GIBSON,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade, Ruggles' Division.
HEADQUARTERS ADAMS' BRIGADE,August 1, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

I had the honor to transmit, through Brigadier-General Pillow, early in the month of April last, an application for a court of inquiry, of which the inclosed is a copy. I was obliged to transmit the same a great distance through the mail, and fearing that it may have been miscarried, send forward a copy. I also inclose the statements of Mr. Pugh, of Assumption Parish, La., he acting as my aide-de-camp on the occasion alluded to, and that of Lieutenant H. H. Bein, adjutant of the Thirteenth Louisiana Volunteers. I send forward also the statement of Colonel H. W. Allen, who commanded the Fourth Louisiana Volunteers at Shiloh, and that of Captain E. M. Dubroca, who commanded the Thirteenth Louisiana Volunteers on Monday.

Yours, very respectfully,

RANDALL LEE GIBSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS ADAMS' BRIGADE,Near Morton, Scott County, Miss., August 1, 1863.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: An extract from General Bragg's report of the battle of Shiloh was sent to me a few days ago by an officer of the Army, and I find myself and command censured in it, more especially myself, as being in command of the brigade to which my regiment had been assigned. More than a year has elapsed since the battle of Shiloh; several officers of important positions were killed in it, among them Major A. P. Avegno, commanding one of the regiments, and Lieutenant Ben. King, acting as my chief staff officer. Others are in distant parts of the country. Colonel H. W. Allen and Colonel B. L. Hodge being in Louisiana, and Colonel J. F. Fagan in Arkansas. But as I regard the report of General Bragg as

