
[CHAP. XXII.

duct of your brigade while executing the orders of General Bragg in a particular attack on the enemy directed by him about midday at the battle of Shiloh, and acting as the adjutant-general of the brigade on that occasion, it gives me pleasure to offer my testimony to the correctness of the facts you have stated, as my position enabled me to know all orders given and received by you. So far as my judgment extends, you did all that a commander could do to insure a successful assault upon the enemy; but owing to the disadvantages under which you labored, arising from your want of artillery, the superior force of the enemy, his position, and the nature of the country through which we marched, the result was inevitable. The gallantry of the officers and men, I think, is sufficiently attested by the casualties sustained and the manner in which their officers rallied them to the successive attacks. It is impossible to give in writing the details which will be necessary, and which I shall be happy to narrate before the court you have demanded.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

HUGH H. BEIN,

Adjutant Thirteenth Louisiana Regiment.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

BLADEN SPRING, ALA., June 17, 1863.

Col. R. L. GIBSON, Thirteenth Louisiana:

SIR: Your letter of the 17th instant is just received, inclosing a communication to the Adjutant and Inspector General. I cheerfully comply with your request in giving you my opinion of this communication, and also my views of your conduct as colonel commanding a brigade at the battle of Shiloh. I have read this communication carefully, and believe it to be a clear, plain, and full statement of facts. You did on that memorable occasion all that any brigade commander could do. If your request had been complied with, and our artillery had opened on the enemy's stronghold, we would have carried it with but little loss of life. As it was, the brigade was sacrificed by three separate charges, and without the aid of any artillery whatever, although we had it at hand ready to open on the enemy. After I had charged the second time on this stronghold of the enemy, and had my regiment terribly cut to pieces, General Bragg rode up and ordered me to take the Fourth and Thirteenth Louisiana and ambush the enemy (then supposed to be advancing and "serve them as they had served me.'

While I was executing this order the enemy opened a powerful battery upon us. General Bragg, staff, and body guard retired to a ravine. I saw nothing more of them during that day. No member of his staff ever rallied any of my men, nor do I believe any of them at any time rallied your brigade.

Very truly, your friend and obedient servant,

H. W. ALLEN,

Colonel Fourth Louisiana.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]

IN CAMP, NEAR MORTON, MISS., August 3, 1863.

Colonel R. L. GIBSON, Commanding Adams' Brigade:

SIR: I have read your communication to the Adjutant and Inspector General, referring to a passage in General Bragg's report of the battle of Shiloh, and I take pleasure in testifying to the full and truthful statement of facts contained in that communication. General Bragg, in his report, alludes to your brigade as having been driven back by the

