
enemy's sharpshooters. Sir, I can attest that I have never witnessed such a heavy and constant fire as was sustained by your brigade in three different charges on the enemy's stronghold on that eventful day.

Another thing which struck me in General Bragg's report is, that your brigade was rallied by his staff officers. I saw General Bragg and his staff officers one on that day but for a few minutes only, and I can say that no member of General Bragg's staff rallied, or attempted to rally, any men belonging to the Thirteenth Louisiana Volunteers, of which I was second in command on Sunday, and commanded on Monday (the major having been mortally wounded),and which formed part of your brigade. I never heard that any part of that brigade was rallied by General Bragg or his staff officers until informed of the fact by General Bragg in his report.

I am, colonel, with respect, your obedient servant,

E. M. DUBROCA,

Captain, Commanding Thirteenth Louisiana Regiment.

Numbers 169 Report of Colonel James F. Fagan, First Arkansas Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARKANSAS REGIMENT,Near Corinth, Miss., April 9, 1862.

COLONEL: I beg leave to submit the following report of the part taken and the loss sustained by my regiment in the battles of the 6th and 7th instant:

Under the circumstances it must necessarily be meager and imperfect. Were it at my command, I should use no gloss and finish of language on this occasion. A simple reference to the list of casualties will tell in terms too plain to be misunderstood the story of our loss and sufferings and the degree of daring that was exhibited throughout those two memorable days.

It is impossible also to give any detailed account of the movements and maneuvers of the regiment. The extent and nature of the ground over which it marched precludes this. A brief report of the most important engagements with the enemy is all that I can render.

Where a command behaved as well generally as did the First Arkansas Regiment it is hard to discriminate or designate any individual instances of bravery. Officers and men did their duty well and conducted themselves as men should who fight for all that is near and dear to them. Against odds and at great disadvantage they fought time and again bravely, desperately, defiantly, and where they could not by heroic daring force their way they crimsoned the ground with their life-blood.

On the 6th instant my regiment was the right center regiment of the First Brigade, and held this position during the day. The first casualties which befell it were on the morning of that day, while the regiment was filing through the margin of an old field in full view and at a short distance from the camps of the enemy and a strong battery posted near them. Here Captain William A. Crawford, of Company E, was seriously wounded by a bomb bursting right under him, and at the same time several of my men, of Companies A, E, and F, fell near and around him. I felt the loss of Captain Crawford very much thus early in the day, for I knew well his coolness and decision and what his presence was worth to his command.

