
officers in killed and wounded, and leaving many brave men, who had ever been foremost in the fray, dead or dying.

After this little occurred that is worthy of mention. The regiment soon after left the field, under orders, and encamped that night at Monterey, in the quarters occupied by it previous to going out to fight. Night closed upon us, tired and foot-sore, but not dispirited.

I have thus given, colonel, a summary account of the part that my regiment took in the fight on each day. It only remains for me to add the list of casualties. As before said, these speak with an eloquence more powerful than words.

Captain A. S. Morgan, of Arkansas, kindly volunteered as my aide and rendered valuable services during the engagement.

I remain, colonel, with much respect, very truly,

JAS. F. FAGAN,

Colonel Commanding First Arkansas Regiment.

Colonel R. L. GIBSON,

Commanding First Brigade, Ruggles' Division.

Numbers 170 Report of Colonel H. W. Allen, Fourth Louisiana Infantry.

CAMP, NEAR CORINTH, MISS.,

April 10, 1862.

COLONEL: On the morning of the 6th the Fourth Louisiana went into the engagement with about 575 men, rank and file. All the commissioned officers were present and participated in the engagement except Lieutenants Turnbull, Blum, and Lemmon, absent on sick furlough.

While drawn up in line of battle and awaiting orders a Tennessee regiment immediately in our rear fired into us by mistake, killing and wounding a large number of my men. This was a terrible blow to the regiment; far more terrible than any inflicted by the enemy. It almost demoralized the regiment, who from that moment seemed to dread their friends much more than their enemies. At the command to advance we charged up the hill into an almost impenetrable thicket. The enemy opened a deadly fire, which was quickly returned.

During the engagement Colonel Fagan, of the First Arkansas, sent word to Captain H. M. Favrot, of the Delta Rifles, "For God's sake to cease firing; that we were killing his men and he was killing ours." Captain Favrot, being on the extreme right, gave the order to cease firing. While in this position a murderous fire of grape and canister was poured into us from the masked batteries and rile pits.

The regiment retired, formed again, and again charged. Here fell many of my bravest and best men in the thick brushwood without ever seeing the enemy. The young but gallant Captain J. T. Hilliard, commanding Company I, Hunter Rifles, was killed here. Here fell Captains J. B. Taylor and W. F. Pennington, and Lieutenants E. C. Holmes, S. Aillet, and B. Landry, Captain Taylor being most fearfully wounded. In this position we remained firing volley after volley until the enemy had ceased his firing.

By order of General Bragg I took position on the hill, and at a later hour marched the regiment to the last scene of action and remained till ordered to retire to camp.

Monday, the 7th, having suffered from loss of blood and intense

