
posted his pickets so as to receive the alarm in time. He disposed of his force secreted behind a fence, moving away from the spot he was seen encamped at dark, and some few rods away from his horses, at the foot of a hill. At 3 a.m. his command was lying in ambush, when one of the pickets brought in the news that the enemy was approaching. The other picket remained and was fired at, when he returned the fire, which was a signal that the rebels were close by, at the same time putting spurs to his horse, conveying the news in person. On came McNairy's cavalry, thundering down with his 200 strong, thinking he could catch our gallant and his brave boys asleep and swallow them up, but as soon as he reached the ambush a volley from the carbines dispersed their dream of conquest, brought down 1 man, who was left dead; groans from 10 or 11 wounded "I am killed" was heard. The horses stampeded. The entire command never before made right and left wheel quicker. Pools of blood were trace; an officer's saber with blood was found, two other sabers, four guns, saddles, blankets, saber-straps, hats-evidently cut off, all of which he burned, not being able to take along-were seen strewed for miles. The night was dark and the fire oblique, but it sent the enemy "kiting" the same way they came. Their defeat was so complete that the next intelligence had of them [was that] those surviving were on their way to Winchester and never offered a fight afterwards.

Captain Robie started with 53 men (part of this number were guarding the premises). Two hours after his departure from camp, fearing he might be attacked, he was re-enforced with 17 men of the partisan corps, who were near and heard the firing, but were not with them. We chased one ranger going to Tullahoma on horseback with shot-gun, and took him prisoner. We took 7 prisoners in all, being on furlough, belonging to the Southern Army, but released 2 young men who seemed innocent and were willing to take the oath of allegiance to their country.

On our return from Tullahoma, having left that place at 12 m., Company C was left there to await Captain Robie's arrival, who had not yet reached Tullahoma when the main body left. Company D was left as escort to the wagons. We encamped half a mile east of Shelbyville last night, arriving there at 5 p.m., where we found Colonel Mihalotzy with his command, with the artillery. Company B was sent back to ascertain the cause of detention of the wagons. Knowing we ought to be moving, Company F was left at the camp to guard some goods which were unloaded from a wagon could come up and be loaded with them, as the pike rendered it easy of transportation, and the main body of the Fourth left, reaching at 12m.

We found the Union sentiment subdued on account of our contemplated departure, the people fearing a demonstration against them. Many of the influential ones begged us to leave a force to protect them. In accordance with your orders we did not feel at liberty to deviate from them, but after marching 5 miles we fed our horses and resumed our march, and 7 miles from Shelbyville we received the joyful tidings from your ordering two or three companies to be left to guard the bridges east of Shelbyville as well as the city. We sent Companies E and H to form the guard.

We reached camp at 5.30, and beg leave to submit the details of our march, hoping that, although the objects for which this expedition, some of them, were not realized, yet in its effect, including the

4 R R-VOL X

