
[CHAP. XXII.

pain, I placed the regiment under the command of Lieutenant Colonel S. E. Hunter, and rode over to the hospital to get relief. After having my wound dressed I was about lying down, in order to take a little rest, when a general stampede of wagons, ambulances, and men began. I mounted my horse immediately and rode after the disgraceful refugees. I succeeded in putting a stop to the stampede, and placed cavalry in the rear, with orders to cut down all who attempted to pass.

Here I met an aide of General Bragg, who ordered me to rally all the stragglers and form them in line. This I did. After forming a battalion Lieutenant Colonel Robert H. Barrow, commanding and placed himself and regiment under my command. This force, together with the remnants of two Alabama and one Tennessee regiment, made a large body of men, who stood firm in front of the hospitals, ready to receive the advancing columns of the enemy.

While rallying the stragglers I came across two batteries that had lost all their commissioned officers. These I took possession of, sent for ammunition, supplied them with men from my command, and sent one of them to General Beauregard. This battery fired the last shots against the enemy. The other battery and the forces under my command held their position in the very face of the enemy until ordered to be retired by command of General Bragg.

The regiment went into action on the morning of the 7th under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Hunter. The officers and men fought the whole day under his command, and behaved, as I am informed, with much gallantry under most trying circumstances.

On this day fell Captain C. E. Tooraen, of the West Feliciana Rifles, fighting at the head of his company. He was the bravest of the brave, and in his death our country has sustained a serious loss.

I cannot particularize the daring acts of officers and men. The whole regiment acted throughout the engagements of the 6th and 7th, with a few exceptions, with great gallantry.

I cannot close this report without honorable mention of my regimental color-bearer, Benjamin W. Clarke, and the color guard, D. B. Gorham, T. H. Corcoran, and R. Turner. For two long days, amid shot and shell and a hail-storm of balls, they held the flag firm and erect, and brought it back torn into tatters by the bullets of the enemy.

The loss of the regiment is as follows, viz: Killed, 2 officers (Captains Tooraen and Hilliard) and 22 men; wounded, 12 officers (Captains Pennington, Taylor and J. H. Wingfield, and Lieutenants Holmes, J. J. Adams, Aillet, Landry, Smith, Latil, H. M. Carter, R. M. Amacker, R. Y. Burton, and S. W. Skolfield) and 151 men; and missing, 1 officer (Lieutenant D. C. Jenkins) and 21 men; total loss, 209.

H. W. ALLEN,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Louisiana.

Numbers 171 Report of Captain E. M. Dubroca, Thirteenth Louisiana Infantry.

----,---,--, 1862.

SIR: I respectfully submit to you the report of the part taken by the Thirteenth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers in the battles of the 6th and 7th instant:

Being totally unacquainted with the ground, and at that time not

