
[CHAP. XXII.

during the day. I was in the saddle till a late hour of the night endeavoring to find your headquarters, but being unable to do so, I concluded to let my men sleep in the tents where they were, having learned that we were a short distance to the right of the Second Brigade, General Anderson, and immediately with Captain Girardey's battery, which had been on my right most of the day.

Early Monday morning I had my regiment in motion to join you, and was moving with Captain Girardey's battery toward the left, where I expected to join the brigade, when I was ordered by General Withers to send my regiment, under my lieutenant-Colonel, to support Brigadier-General Chalmers on the right. At the same time General Withers assigned me to the command of the Crescent Regiment, Colonel Smith, and a battery (Fifth Company) of the Washington Artillery, as a brigade, to support the line in front, which was at that time engaging the enemy a little beyond the outer line of the enemy's camp and a short distance to the right of where General Beauregard had his headquarters Sunday night.

Having marched forward about 400 or 500 yards, our line halted to await the issue of the conflict going on in front of us. A short time elapsed when the line in front of us gave way and we engaged the enemy.

Just at this time I had misfortune to be thrown by my horse, and being badly stunned and bruised, was borne from the field.

In conclusion, sir, I desire to do simple justice to my regiment by stating the fact that the officers and men did their whole duty; nothing more, nothing less.

Of the part taken by my regiment in the engagement on Monday I am not now able to furnish a report, owing to the sickness of my lieutenant-colonel, who commanded, not being able to render me a statement. His verbal report shows my regiment actively engaged all day. So soon as he renders me his report I will immediately transmit it to you to form a conclusion to this report, and to show how my regiment was engaged while I was assigned to another command.

I have the honor, colonel, to be, with distinguished regard, your obedient, humble servant,

B. L. HODGE,

Colonel, Nineteenth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers.

Colonel R. L. GIBSON,

Commanding First Brigade, Ruggles' Division.

Numbers 173 Report of Brigadier General Patton Anderson, C. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, RUGGLES' DIVISION,SECOND ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Corinth, Miss., April 17, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the actions of April 6 and 7 at Shiloh, near the Tennessee River:

On the night of the 4th, in his tent, near Mickey's house, General Bragg developed to the division and brigade commanders the plan of the proposed attack upon the enemy's forces encamped at and around

