
of the right wing,and sent the left wing under the charge of the two majors, instructing them to head off Morgan at Stone River, where I understood the bridge was destroyed, while the right wing would follow their trail and the left cut them off. We pursued them, and kept their trail through the woods, thickets, rocky ways, and swamps, with twists and turns and fences let down, until we reached the pike. There, misled by a white man,we went one mile and a half back, making 3 miles out of our way, but we found the trail again and continued it on the jump all the way. Whenever the gait was slackened on account of the rocks the command was hurried onward, and the boys resumed the rapid gait with a will. The right wing finally came up to Major Dresbach, who was in charge of our teamsters and horses and a number of your body guard. Finding Morgan's men were dispersed, and Major Pugh was still in pursuit of 5 remaining men, I halted the right and ordered the Rifles (Captain Mathews' company, C) to push on to join Major Pugh. They went on, but never reached Pugh, but returned separately. Major Pugh pursued the enemy to Stone River. Five of Morgan's men plunged into the river and swam over. Seeing none of our men in their charge, and not knowing what ambush might be laid, the pursuit was ended. Three picket men taken prisoners and all others were dropped on the way. Charles P. Sweet, orderly sergeant of Company H, shot at two of the rebels. He killed one, and the other is in the hospital badly wounded, and will die; his name is Love.

Lieut. W. W. Shoemaker, of Company H, led the charge; shot three times with a pistol. He was shot at with a gun. His first shot killed one of the enemy. His second shot the enemy ran, and he struck him with his saber across the mouth, cutting it in two. The horses of one of the rebels fell, and John Shanks struck him with the saber. Shanks' horse fell over him; jumping upon his enemy, he seized him a prisoner. His name is E. W. Pratt; sent to you last night.

Private Fogger, Company H, ran on a rebel and shot him in the back. He kept up close to Lieutenant Shoemaker, who led the advance. Fogger's horse fell dead under him. Lieutenant Shoemaker, Private Fogger, both of Company H, and George W. Wakefield, Company G, took Garrett a prisoner. Said Garrett had run down a bank and hid himself when he was arrested.

We have to report 4 of the enemy killed, 2 wounded. Their names are Love and Warfield, the latter a son of Sallie Carneal. He says if he gets away he will join the Southern Army again. Two prisoners sent to you. We captured a negro man and boy, whose team the rebels had impressed and were carrying them off; they were sent home. Our teamsters and horses were recaptured.

We have some men missing, but as the force pursued dwindled down to five,who were run to Stone River, which they swam, we hope they escaped and will turn up. Major Pugh was in command of the pursuing force. Morgan left his men and put out for himself; he was fired at, but missed.

Our pursuit was a hot one when we struck into the woods at full tilt, through thick underbrush, cedar thickets, and swamps, meandering into rocky spots, evidently done to obliterate the trail by the enemy. We began to see lost harness, caps, hats, blankets, horses hitched and left on the way. On we went until we overtook the teamsters and General Dumont's aide, and prisoners left on the way, liberated by the onslaught of the advance. Harper, of your body guard, escaped after being shot at twice and feigning to be shot by falling. Never was joy more portrayed in the countenances of men when liberated. One of our teamsters

