
signal chastisement the enemy received and the reassurances the Union sentiment received, may prove valuable and receive your approbation.

The enemy having received word that we were on the move, all the locomotives were retired south of Shelbyville before we reached the four towns we occupied at the same time by different detachments.

Very respectfully,

JNumbers KENNETT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brig. General O. M. MITCHEL.

MARCH 28, 1862.-Expedition into Scott and Morgan Counties, Tenn.

Report of Major-General E. Kirby Smith, C. S. Army, commanding Department of East Tennessee.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., April 19, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 28th ultimo, under instructions from department headquarters, Brigadier-General Leadbetter sent an expedition, consisting of the Third Regiment Tennessee Infantry and a squadron of Tennessee cavalry, from Kingston into Morgan and Scott Counties, of this State, for the purpose of dispersing organized Federal bands existing there, and the removal or destruction of all supplies of which the enemy might avail himself if advancing from that direction. These troops, under the command of Colonel Vaughn, of the Third Tennessee Regiment, advanced as far as Huntsville, in Scott County, the column being fired upon all along the march by small parties from inaccessible points.

Returning in the direction of Kingston a sharp skirmish occurred at a small village near Montgomery, in Morgan County, lasting about thirty minutes, in which the enemy was despersed with a loss of 15 killed, a larger number wounded, and 7 prisoners. Our loss is 5 killed and 12 wounded.*

The entire population of these counties is hostile to us, those able to bear arms being regularly organized as Home Guards. All loyal citizens have been expelled from the country.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

---------------

*List of casualties omitted shows 1 officer and 4 men killed and 1 officer and 11 men wounded.

---------------

