
Jordan, of General Beauregard's staff, to fall back to another hill, which he designated, and there form at right angles with the road. I did as directed, and waited some time for further orders or for the enemy to advance. A staff officer from General Beauregard then came and ordered the infantry to retire to Monterey, parallel with a road a short distance to my left. At the forks of the road a portion of the command took the road to Mickey's; the balance proceeded to Monterey, under their respective officers. I went to Mickey's, as did a portion of my staff, where I met General Ruggles, and reported to him for further instructions.

He directed me to proceed the next morning with my command to Corinth, and there resume our camps, the tents of which had been left standing when we started for Shiloh.

It is not proper that I should close this report without bringing to the notice of the general commanding the names of such officers as made themselves conspicuous for their gallantry and efficiency in the field.

Lieutenant. Col. Charles Jones, commanding the Seventeenth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, was wounded early in the action and retired from the field.

Major F. H. Clack, commanding the Confederate Guards Battalion, was ever where the conflict raged hottest, holding his command well in hand, cheering, encouraging, and stimulating the men to deeds of valor and renown. Major Clack had two horses shot under him.

Major T. A. McDonell, commanding the Florida Battalion, was borne wounded from the field before the action had fairly begun. The command devolved upon Capt. W. G. Poole, who bore himself most gallantly throughout the two days' conflict. The skill with which he handled his command reflected the highest credit upon him as an officer, while the desperation with which his troops fought brings new luster to the arms of the State they represented, and paints imperishable fame upon the colors they so proudly bore.

Colonel Stanley, of the Ninth Texas Regiment, has already been incidentally alluded to. The language of eulogy could scarcely do more than simple justice to the courage and determination of this officer and his valorous Texans. Ever in the thickest of the fight, they were always ready to respond to any demand upon their courage and endurance.

Colonel Reichard, commanding the Twentieth Louisiana Regiment, deserves the highest commendation and praise for his indefatigable valor in leading his command wherever the foe was strongest.

Colonel Reichard's skill and efficiency as an officer are only excelled by his intrepidity and valor. Lieutenant-Colonel Boyd, of the same regiment, did his whole duty, regardless of a painful wound in the arm, which he received in the first day's engagement. Major Von Zinken also performed well his part, having three horses shot under him during the conflict.

Capt. W. Irving Hodgson, commanding the Fifth Company, Washington Artillery, added fresh luster to the fame of this already renowned corps. It was his fine practice from the brow of the hill overlooking the enemy's first camp that enabled our infantry to rout them in the outset, thus giving confidence to our troops, which was never afterward shaken. Although the nature of the ground over which my infantry fought was such as frequently to preclude the use of artillery, yet Captain Hodgson was not idle. I could hear of his battery wherever artillery was needed. On several occasions I witnessed the effect

