
which his canister and round shot produced upon the enemy's masses, and once saw his cannoneers stand to their pieces under a deadly fire when there was no support at hand, and when to have retired would have left that part of the field to the enemy. When a full history of the battles of Shiloh shall have been written the heroic deeds of the Washington Artillery will illustrate one of its brightest pages, and the names of Hodgson and Slocomb will be held in grateful remembrance by a free people long after the sod has grown green upon the bloody hills of Shiloh.

Many other names deserve to be recorded as bright ornaments to the roll of the brave who fought at Shiloh, but the limits of my report, already too extended, forbid it. Where all behaved so well I would prefer not to omit a name from the list, but such a course is impracticable at this time.

I take pleasure in referring to the reports of regimental commanders for more minute details in relation to the battle, and for the names of many subalterns, non-commissioned officers, and privates who deserve notice and commendation for gallant conduct on the field.

I beg leave to be permitted in this connection to record the names of my staff officers, to whom I am greatly indebted for their very active assistance throughout the battle. Captain William G. Barth, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff, rendered invaluable service in transmitting orders and making perilous reconnaissances. I was deprived of his services during a portion of the time by his horse being killed under him, the place of which he found it difficult to supply.

Lieutenant. William M. Davidson, aide-de-camp, was constantly by my side, except when absent by my orders, all of which he delivered with promptitude and intelligence. While engaged in this and passing from one portion of the field to another he made many narrow escapes, having frequently to pass under most galling fires to reach his point of destination.

Lieutenant John W. James, Fifth Georgia Regiment, acting aide-de-camp, also rendered useful service early in the action of the 6th, but being cut off during the day by some means from the command I saw nothing more of him until late in the evening, when he rejoined me and remained with me until we withdrew from the field.

Capt. Henry D. Bulkley, acting brigade commissary, also served on my personal staff on the occasion, and did good service until a Minie ball deprived him of his horse. As soon as he was able to supply himself again he rejoined me and gave me his ready assistance.

Lieutenant. William McR. Jordan, First Florida Regiment, temporarily attached as an acting aide-de-camp, was always at his post, ready to perform any service required of him. A spent ball striking him in the loin compelled him to retire for a while from the field, but he soon returned, having received no other injury than a severe contusion, which, though painful, did not disable him.

Capt. John T. Sibley, brigade quartermaster, deserves the highest praise for his activity and promptitude in keeping up our supply of ammunition during the day's fight. He was ever present, ready to respond to any call for this indispensable want of the soldier on the battle-field. He was equally efficient in bringing off the field all the ammunition not consumed, as well as his wagons, ambulances, mules, or other means of transportation, returning to Corinth without the loss of any.

Surg. C. B. Gamble, brigade medical director, was indefatigable in his labors throughout both days of the battle, rendering cheerfully and

