
promptly his professional services whenever and wherever needed. These were not pretermitted during the night of the 6th and 7th, after others, exhausted by the fatigues of the battle-field, had sought early repose. In the discharge of his duty, while endeavoring to alleviate the pains of our wounded and to bring away as many of them as could be safely removed, he fell into the hands of the enemy after our rear guard had retired. Our army can illy spare at this time one whose private worth is inestimable and whose professional skill is invaluable.

For a detailed statement of the killed, wounded, and missing of my command I refer to the reports and lists transmitted, by which it will appear that I took into the field an aggregate of 1,633. The casualties were 434, a loss of a little over 26 per cent. Among 14 mounted officers, including my staff, 11 horses were killed under their riders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PATTON ANDERSON,

Brig. Gen., Comdg. Second Brigade, Ruggles' Division,

Second Army Corps, Army of the Mississippi.

Capt. ROY MASON HOOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Division Headquarters.

No. 174 Report of Capt. W. G. Poole, Florida Battalion.

HEADQUARTERS FLORIDA BATTALION, April 12, 1862.

GENERAL: In accordance with your circular of the 11th of this month I have the honor to make the following report:

In the first place it becomes a painful duty to record the fall of Major T. A. McDonell, being seriously wounded early in the action of the 6th, whereupon the command immediately devolved upon me.

Pressing forward, we gained the valley opposite and close to the first camp of the enemy, and in the first charge lost several of my command in killed and wounded. I then joined the brigade at the second camp and was ordered forward to support a portion of our advance columns. The advance having fallen back placed us in front, where for some time we were exposed to a galling fire from the enemy. It was at this time that our battalion suffered most. First Lieutenant. L. M. Anderson, of Company A [commanding], was shot in the forehead and instantly killed, and, the company being without a commander, I ordered Second Lieutenant E. C. Stevens, of Company B, to the command. In a very few minutes he was also severely wounded. I then ordered First Lieutenant Joseph D. Turner, of Company C, to take command.

Capt. T. S. Means and First Lieutenant. J. T. Miller, of Company B, and Second Lieutenant Tucker, of Company C, and Lieutenant. O. P. Hull, commanding Company D [since dead], were wounded. Several non-commissioned officers and privates were also killed and wounded while under this fire.

I then withdrew the battalion, by order, to the protection of a section of the Washington Artillery Battery. Forming with the brigade we again advanced and assisted in routing a portion of the enemy's forces that had taken position in an encampment on our left. My command then, with a portion of the brigade, proceeded forward as far as within range of the heavy guns on the Tennessee River, where we were for

