
some time exposed to the enemy's shells. One or two of my command were either killed or mortally wounded while under this fire. We then fell back to the enemy's camp and bivouacked during the night.

On the morning of the 7th, being too hoarse to take command of the battalion, I turned it over to Capt. W. C. Bird, of Company C.

Accompanying this report will be found a list of the killed, wounded, and missing of each company.*

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

W. G. POOLE,

Senior Captain, Commanding Florida Battalion.

No. 175 Report of Lieutenant. Col. Charles Jones, Seventeenth Louisiana Infantry.

HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH REGIMENT LOUISIANA VOLS., Camp, Corinth, Miss., April 11, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Seventeenth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers in the action of the 6th and 7th instant, near the Tennessee River:

We were brought into action on the morning of the 6th, occupying the extreme right of the brigade until we were exposed to the enemy's artillery, where we remained for some time, until we were ordered, with a portion of the line on our right and left, to take a battery immediately in our front. A Tennessee regiment [the Twenty-second, I think] was in front of us. We were delayed a moment by this regiment, when I gave the order to charge. When we reached the top of the hill the enemy poured into us a murderous fire. The Tennessee regiment before referred to retired by the flank through our lines, cutting their way through the center of our fourth company, separating our right from our left, and throwing us into some confusion. We did not retire, however, until we had poured several volleys into the enemy. We lost several killed and wounded in this charge.

We retired to the foot of the hill to reform for a second attack. The right wing also retired farther to the right, having been cut off from the colors by the Tennessee regiment. They charged a second time with, I think, the Twentieth Louisiana on the enemy's left line of support, when the battery was secured. I charged with the left wing on the enemy's right around the left of the hill, where I received a destructive flank fire from another of the enemy's batteries, as well as from his small-arms. From this position we were compelled to fall back to our first. It was in this second charge that Capt. R. H. Curry, of Company C, and Capt. W. A. Maddox, of Company I, both fell severely wounded.

It was now my object to unite the two wings, which were acting separately-the right, under command of Capt. M. Rogers, of Company A. I found this impossible, and with the left, which was much the larger portion and to which the colors were attached, I advanced by the left flank to take a position about 200 yards in front. In accomplishing this we had to cross a ravine, where we were exposed to a raking fire of shot and shell, as well as from small-arms. It was in passing this ravine that my sergeant-major, Thuron Stone, who had been of great

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

