
this: That officer was confined to his bed by a severe attack of pneumonia when the regiment left Corinth on the 3rd instant. He [Captain Self] feeling himself able on the evening of the 6th to join his regiment, left Corinth and joined the regiment late Sunday evening, after the action of the 6th had closed.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. HEARD,

Colonel, Commanding Seventeenth Louisiana Volunteers.

Capt. W. G. BARTH,

A. A. A. G., Second Brigade, Ruggles' Division.

[Indorsement.]

CAMP, NEAR CORINTH, MISS., April 15, 1862.

This note of Colonel Heard's is transmitted as due to Captain Self, whose absence is noted, but not explained, in Lieutenant-Colonel Jones' report.

PATTON ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General, Comdg. Second Brig., Ruggles' Div.,&amp;c.

No. 176 Report of Col. August Reichard, Twentieth Louisiana Infantry.

HDQRS. TWENTIETH REGIMENT LOUISIANA, VOLS., Camp, near Corinth, Miss., April 11, 1862.

SIR: I beg leave to submit the following report in relation to the participation of my regiment in the battle of Shiloh on the 6th and 7th instant:

I took into the field 3 field, 5 staff, and 27 company officers, with 472 rank and file, with whom, according to the disposition made, I occupied the extreme left of the brigade, somewhat in rear of the right of Colonel Pond's brigade.

Soon after the commencement of the battle the brigade moved forward, and as we approached the enemy I was ordered to file off by the left, in the execution of which movement, the regiment passing through a dense undergrowth in which it was impossible to see five paces ahead, I was suddenly informed that we were separated from the balance of the brigade. Just at the moment when I was retracing my steps to rejoin the brigade a Tennessee regiment in full retreat broke right through my line, causing much disorder. The regiment, however, soon rallied, regained its position, and gallantly fought during the whole day side by side with the other regiments of the brigade. At the last charge, toward evening, when my regiment was severely cut up by a cross-fire from rifle pits and a battery pouring forth a hail-storm of canister, my regiment was separated from the rest of the brigade, and, as night set in, I led the remnant of the regiment to our hospital, where we bivouacked.

The next morning, having collected many of my men, who had been scattered about, I put the regiment in movement, and, adding whatever stragglers I could gather on the road, reported to General Beauregard for orders. He ordered me to re-enforce General Breckinridge, who

