
found himself hard pressed on our left, and after reporting to him, took immediate part in the fight that was going on before us.

The enemy having fallen back, General Breckinridge ordered me to go to the support of a battery which had taken position to our right, beyond an open field, sweeping an open passage leading, I suppose, to the river. The enemy in front having been dislodged, and there being no further necessity to remain with the battery, I moved toward the left, where the fight was harder. On the way I met General Breckinridge, and asking for further orders, he directed me to join General Cheatham's brigade; but in case I should not be able to find him, to join any other brigade where I could make myself most useful. Not finding General Cheatham's brigade, and meeting my own commander, General Patton Anderson, I of course joined his brigade and kept up fighting under his command until the order for retreat was issued.

My regiment fought this their first battle with the utmost bravery; and where, with very few exceptions, almost every one faithfully performed his duty, it is almost out of place to make distinctions. I cannot, however, omit to mention First Lieutenant Bishop, of Company A, who throughout both days made himself conspicuous for his gallantry and the cool, collected manner in which he was unremittedly occupied in keeping his company well in hand.

Lieutenant-Colonel Boyd was lightly wounded early in the first day's fight, but remained at his post until that evening.

Major Leon Von Zinken bravely led several attacks with the colors in his hand, but was disabled early on the second day by the fall of his horse, which was killed under him.

The color-bearer, Sergeant Hoffmann, paid with his life the gallant manner in which he carried the colors, always into the thickest of the fight.

The annexed statement [A] gives a revised account of the killed, wounded and missing.*

I remain, sir, your most obedient servant,

AUG. REICHARD,

Colonel, Comdg. Twentieth Regiment Louisiana Vols.

Capt. W. G. BARTH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

No. 177 Report of Col. W. A. Stanley, Ninth Texas Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS NINTH REGIMENT TEXAS INFANTRY, Corinth, Miss., April 15, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to report the proceedings of my regiment in the battle of Shiloh on April 6 and 7:

On the morning of the 6th we advanced in line of battle under a heavy fire of artillery and musketry from the enemy's first encampment. Being ordered to charge the battery with our bayonets, we made two successive attempts; but finding, as well as our comrades in arms on our right and left, it almost impossible to withstand the heavy fire directed at our ranks, we were compelled to withdraw for a short time, with considerable loss. Being then ordered we immediately pro-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

