
ceeded to the support of the Washington Artillery, which, from their battery's well-directed fire, soon silenced the battery of the enemy, after which we immediately charged, routing the enemy from their first encampment, and continued a forward, double-quick march until we passed through two other encampments of the enemy, where we found our troops again heavily engaged with a second battery and its supports, to the galling fire of which my regiment was openly exposed.

At this point my horse was shot under me and several of my bravest men were killed and wounded. We nevertheless succeeded in driving the enemy from their battery, killing a number and pursuing the remainder a considerable distance beyond.

At this point, the supply of ammunition in the cartridge boxes of my men being exhausted, I was compelled to resort to my ammunition wagon, a short distance off, for a fresh supply. In the mean time firing continued incessantly on our right. We were then ordered to join the command in that direction, which was reported to have the enemy badly routed and driving them toward their gunboats. After proceeding some distance we found ourselves in the range of shot and shell fired from the boats and vicinity.

At this point night put a close to the action for the day of the 6th. We retired from this point to form our encampment for the night, our troops being more or less scattered, some having been completely exhausted from the fatigues of the day. We then formed in two groups, leaving one to encamp on the battle-field and the other near the general hospital.

On the morning of the 7th I again formed my regiment and proceeded to the battle-field. After arriving there the enemy opened fire on our left. We were ordered to the support of a battery stationed to defend that point; but our support not being required at the time we reached the battery, two companies of my regiment were deployed as skirmishers, while the remainder stood in line of battle in a hollow at the distance of 200 yards from the breastworks of the enemy, our skirmishers returning and reporting the enemy advancing toward the breastworks.

At this moment the skirmishers of the enemy appeared at the breastworks, when we were ordered to charge them, which we did successfully, although under a heavy fie of both musketry and artillery, only 1 man being wounded in the charge.

After their guns were silenced at this point we were ordered to the right, where a heavy fire of small-arms had commenced. On reaching the scene of action at this point the enemy seemed to have been routed, having ceased firing. After being halted and formed in line of battle firing again commenced on our left. We were ordered again to that point and there became engaged with a strong force off the enemy's line. We advanced and sustained our position for some time after the troops on our right and left had given way; but my regiment being small, and losing two among our bravest officers [Capt. J. J. Dickson, of Company I, and Lieutenant Hamil, of Company F, they being killed at this point, with several of my men], I was compelled to fall back, though still keeping up our fire. We again rallied and formed in line, making a desperate struggle, and causing the enemy to fall back for a short distance. The enemy then making a move toward our right flank we fell back in line, taking advantage of the cover of some rising ground to receive them, and there remained, the enemy retiring toward the woods on our right.

We were then withdrawn from the field.

