
The number taken into action was 226, including officers and enlisted men.

The number killed in action was as follows:

 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing

Commissioned	 3	 2	 -

officers

Enlisted men	 11	 40	 11

Total	 14	 42	 11

To the best of my recollection the foregoing is a correct report of the proceedings of my regiment on the 6th and 7th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. STANLEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

General PATTON ANDERSON,

Commanding Second Brigade, General Ruggles' Division.

No. 178. Report of Major Franklin H. Clack, "Confederate Guards Response" Battalion.

HDQRS. "CONFEDERATE GUARDS RESPONSE' BATT., Camp, near Corinth, Miss., April 10, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to your orders, about 5 a.m., of the 6th instant, I drew up my command in column at half distance on the left of the Seventeenth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, which occupied the right of your brigade, at a point distant, as I was informed, about 3 miles from the enemy's nearest camp, and between Owl Creek and Bark road, in McNairy County, Tennessee.

The position assigned the brigade at first, that of a reserve to support the First and Third Brigades of General Ruggles' division, having been changed, I formed my battalion in line of battle, under your orders in the same relative position as at first in the brigade, which at that time formed the left of General Hardee's line.

On arriving at the ridge nearest the enemy's first camp, owing to some accident, the Seventeenth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers became for a time separated from my right, and the First Florida and the Ninth Texas remained in their position on my left.

The order was then given to advance, and I took up a position in a hollow immediately below a hill on which was a camp of the enemy and on the slope beyond which they had a battery in position. The charge was made by my battalion, supported on my right by a portion of a regiment, which I was informed constituted a part of General Polk's command. The enemy were being driven back with much effort and stubbornly resisting, when some one in the force on the right gave the order to fall back, and simultaneously that force came rushing back, bearing my men with them. I drew off my force to the hollow from which we had charged. The second charge was successful, and we pursued the

