
enemy through that and another camp, and were brought to a stand by discovering a considerable force of the enemy posted in a thick wood on a slope to our left.

Having been separated from you, I consulted with Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, of the Seventeenth Louisiana, who I found had joined me on my left, and with General Russell, and we deemed it advisable to pause. You then placed the brigade in line, and, if I am not mistaken in localities, led us to the successful attack of a camp on the left of our line.

From this time, sir, until the close of the day I am unable to describe the various localities in which you led us to the attack. We made several other successful charges, being ordered from one part of the field to the other, where our services were most needed.

Having bivouacked that night in a camp of the enemy, on the succeeding morning, at 5 o'clock, in obedience to your orders, I formed my line and we were placed as a reserve. Being ordered to the left in advance, with the artillery on our left, the enemy were discovered in position in our front, protected by log breastworks. The order was given to charge, which was executed, and the-enemy driven from their position. It was then discovered that they had a camp on the hill behind their breastworks, and after our flag had been planted in their camp a battery placed on a slope about 500 yards to our left opened on us, and your ordered us to fall back to the ravine whence we had charged. The enemy still having our range, your ordered a further retiring beyond range.

From this to our final actions with the brigade my ignorance of the geographical details of the localities of the battle-ground and the numerous charges and changes made in our position prevent my giving any specific details of operations, except that I remember we were kept busy in moving and in attacks.

Having arrived at that camp of the enemy on the left of the large parade ground, your ordered and advance to dislodge the enemy occupying a wood skirting the rear of this camp. I understood we were ordered to support an attack to be made by quite a large force on our right, which I did not perceive act, however. Having advanced and engaged the enemy, it becoming apparent they were in great force, your ordered us to fall back. This time I lost sight of you, and my command became somewhat scattered. I succeeded, however, in rallying them on the brow of the hill overlooking the enemy's camps, and under the personal instructions of General Beauregard formed line of battle, incorporating in my command some fragments of the Ninth Texas and First Florida.

After futile endeavors on the part of several officers, myself among the number, to rally a sufficient force to renew the attack, I awaited orders. None came, and perceiving the two lines that were drawn up, ostensibly to support the advance, of which we formed the right, diminishing by straggling and finally filing off, I drew off my command, flanking and filing to the right, immediately after the troops on my left, some few in number, had broken from the line and filed to the left. Not having received any specific instructions or orders, I led my command to my last encampment at this place.

I regret, sir, that the irregular course of the engagement of the 6th and 7th instant renders it difficult for me to be specific; a difficulty made almost absolute by the rapidity with which you changed the positions of your brigade and the many points you were called on to attack, for while your command was intended as a reserve, I believe it never

