
I was ordered by General Beauregard to retire in order to Monterey, which I did that evening, and afterward to this point, arriving last evening with my battery all complete, with the exception of three caissons, a battery wagon, and forge, which I had to abandon on the road for want of fresh horses to draw them in.

At the request of General Beauregard I detailed from my command 12 men, under a non-commissioned office, to remain and act with Captain Byrne's battery on a prominent hill on the Pea Ridge road, overlooking the battle-field, to cover the retirement of our army. They all came in to-day safe and sound.

We captured two stands of United States colors, which were handed over to General Beuregard; we also captured several Unite States horses and mules, some of which we have now, others we have lost. I cannot close this report without again calling to your favorable notice the names of my lieutenants-Slocomb, Vaught, and Chalaron-for their coolness and bravery on the field was daring and gallant, and worthy your consideration.

I have the honor to be, yours, very truly,

W. IRVING HODGSON,

Captain.

Brig. Gen. PATTON ANDERSON,

Comdg., Second Brig., Ruggles' Div., Army of the Mississippi.
HDQRS. 5TH CO., BATT. WASHINGTON ARTILLERY, Camp Moore, Corinth, Miss., April 11, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I herewith tender to you a supplementary report in regard to matters connected with the battle of the 6th and 7th instant:

My battery fired during said actions, from the six guns, 723 rounds, mostly from the smooth-bore guns and howitzers, a large proportion of which were canister, some of our ammunition chests being repacked from a captured caisson and other canister borrowed from Captain Robertson's battery, which he kindly loaned. The badly-torn wheels and carriages of my battery from Minie balls will convince any one of the close proximity to the enemy in which we were. I had 28 horses slain in the battle, exclusive of officers' horses.

I cannot refrain from applauding to you the gallant actions of Sergeants Bartley, Blair, and Smith; Corporals O'Brien, Higgins, Davidson, Beggs, Spearing, and Holmes; also of Privates Boyden, Duggan, Murphy, Bayne, Leckie, Shotwell, Jones, Salter, Mathis, Scott, Fahnestock, Levy, Tomlin, Johnson, Seixas, Wing, and Hartnett; all of whom, with the young men killed, were at their post during the action and behaved most gallantly. Many of them, for the first time under fire, conducted themselves as veterans.

I have the honor to be, yours, very truly,W. IRVING HODGSON,

Captain.

Capt. W. G. BARTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.

HDQRS. 5TH CO., BATT. WASHINGTON ARTILLERY, Camp Moore, Corinth, Miss., April 12, 1862.

CAPTAIN: Referring to my reports of the battle of the 6th and 7th instant under dates of the 9th and 11th instant, I have had conversations

