
commands over the most difficult ground, and united themselves, without disaster, with the main line.

The infantry movement left Captain Ketchum's battery exposed; but as the whole was in great peril, I thought i better to sacrifice the pieces than the regiment, if anything had to be lost. Captain Ketchum, however, withdrew, covered by a regiment of Texas Rangers, exhibiting throughout the whole a degree of skill and courage which mark him as an artillery officer of the highest merit; in fact, the safety of my command is due to him.

Upon reaching the main line, the left of which was at the enemy's first camp on the Savannah road, I was ordered by General Ruggles to form on the extreme left and rest my left on Owl Creek. While proceeding to execute this order I was ordered to move by the rear of the main line to support the extreme right of General Hardee's line. Having taken my position to support General Hardee's right, I was again ordered by General Beuaregard to advance and occupy the crest of a ridge in the edge of an old field. My line was just formed in this position when General Polk ordered me forward to support his line. While moving to the support of General Polk an order reached me from General Beauregard to report to him with my command at his headquarters. This was on the extreme left, where my brigade became engaged in the fight, which continued until the contest between the armies finally ceased. As General Ruggles was present at this point no report of particulars is necessary. My command was kept well in hand through the occurrences of both days and brought off the field in as good order as it entered it, under my immediate command.

Colonel Mouton was wounded in the fight at the church and Major Querouze was wounded in the knee in the charge on enemy's battery.

The Crescent Regiment was not seen by me during the engagement, but I received information from various sources that it was in the fight on the right and served with marked gallantry and effect.

Very respectfully,

P. POND, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Capt. ROY MASON HOOE.

P. S.-I would call attention to the case of that gallant officer and soldier Capt. Walter Crain whose battery has been taken from him. I saw him fighting gallantly in the ranks with his rifle, and in the engagement of Monday he received a severe wound. If gallantry would entitle an officer to his command none deserve it more than Captain Crain.

Wounded

Regiment	 Killed	 Seriously	 Slightly	 Mortally

16th Louisiana	 14	 13	 31	 5

Volunteers

38th Tennessee	 7	 17	 26	 -

Orleans Guards	 17	 -	 55	 -

Ketchum's battery	 1	 -	 13	 -

18th Louisiana	 13	 8	 0	 -

Regiment

Crescent Regiment	 23	 8	 4	 -

Aggregate	 -	 -	 -	 -

Regiment	 Missing	 Total	 Remarks

16th Louisiana	 27	 90	 See report.

Volunteers

38th Tennessee	 15	 65	 Do.

Orleans Guards	 18	 90	 Do.*

Ketchum's battery	 -	 14	 Sick,23.

18th Louisiana	 118	 211

Regiment

Crescent Regiment	 20	 127

Aggregate	 -	 597

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

