
regiment [the left of the latter resting on Owl Creek], to guard the road leading to the enemy's camp and to prevent their turning our left, supported by two pieces from Ketchum's battery, commanded by Lieutenant. Philip Bond. We remained in this position until about 1.30 p.m., when we received orders, through Colonel Beard, aide to General Bragg, to come immediately to the front.

We moved both regiments by the right flank rapidly forward and to the right [my men throwing off their blankets and all incumbrances to facilitate their movements] and passed through the enemy's camps [which appeared to have been the scene of severe conflict] toward the heavy firing in front, passing by the position occupied by General Beauregard, who ordered us to go forward and drive the enemy into the Tennessee.

Advancing about 300 yards farther, through open woods, raked by shell from the enemy's batteries, we came up with Generals Polk, Ruggles, and Anderson. The enemy's battery, sustained by sharpshooters, occupied a hill to the right of an open field, which contained a house, a cotton-pen, some cotton bales, &amp;c., behind which the sharpshooters were posted in considerable force.

After consultation, General Polk directed General Anderson to the right and Looney's and my regiments to the left. I found the fire so heavy from the battery and sharpshooters that in my judgment it became prudent to drive them from this stronghold before filing to the left, which we did by a charge, driving them toward their battery and from the thicket in front of it.

The two pieces of Ketchum's battery came up and were assigned position by me. Lieutenant Bond promptly responded to the heavy fire from the enemy's battery, and by his coolness and precision in a short time succeeded in silencing them. I then filed my regiment around to the left, through a heavy thicket, passing between two of our regiments [of what State I am unable to say] and, advancing under the orders of General Polk, took position in front of the enemy, who retreating, had taken position behind fences and houses to secure themselves from the fire of our forces, who were pressing them from the front. Our flank fire caused them to break and run to their quarters, where we opened a heavy fire upon them, and filing again to a more advanced position surrounded them, when the surrender of a large number took place. I myself received the swords of many of them, among whom were Colonel Morton, Twenty-third Missouri, and Captain McMichael, acting adjutant-general to General Smith. General Prentiss surrendered on the same spot some fifteen minutes after, not to me, because I was engaged in preventing the escape of those already prisoners, but, I am told, to some private of Colonel Freeman's Tennessee regiment.

That my regiment was in advance of the others at the surrender, and that I was ordered to receive the surrender by General Polk, there is no room for doubt. A flag was surrendered at the same time, but being engaged in advancing on the enemy, I lost sight of it. We also captured at this place a fine bronze 18-pounder howitzer. In the several brave men killed and many wounded.

The enemy again formed line of battle in the woods between the camp and Pittsburg, and we formed behind the batteries placed to oppose them, and, after being shelled for some little time, the enemy broke, retreating toward Pittsburg. It is reported that the white flag

