
was raised at this time, which is not so, as the Stars and Stripes were plainly visible.

After their retreat the gunboats opened a most destructive fire, which we endured for some time, not being able to reply, and under orders we retired in good order from the point gained, and took up our quarters for the night in one of the enemy's encampments.

I received orders from General Beauregard to be prepared for action at 6 o'clock the next morning [the 7th instant] and to move toward the Bark road. When near General Beauregard's headquarters I received orders to move to the support of General Chalmers, who was then engaged with the enemy. We were formed in line by General Withers, to move forward to the support of the advanced line, with the Nineteenth Louisiana on our right.

As the army advance the forces in front of us retired, and Captain Hodgson [Washington Artillery] forming his battery in front of us, we supported him. This battery gallantly maintained their position, dealing destruction upon the foe, until the artillery on their left retired, leaving them alone. At this moment the enemy advanced in heavy force, and the artillery, properly fearing such odds, limbered up and filed off to our left. We then advanced, covering the movement of the artillery, saving several of their pieces, and driving the enemy before us.

Here fell Captains Graham and Campbell, two of my best and most gallant officers, and in this same charge fell, killed and wounded, most of the gallant spirits whose loss we now deplore.

The enemy being again re-enforced after having been driven back, in order to prevent being flanked we were forced to retire to the ravine. The First Missouri, lying under the brow of the hill, sent a volley into the enemy, which threw them into confusion, and my regiment, rallying, again charged the enemy.

Here my color-sergeant, Shilling, with 3 of the color guard, were shot down, and the flag was handed to Sergeant Lyons, of the Twiggs' Guards, who bore it faithfully and fearlessly over the hill. This time, with another regiment on our left, we drove the enemy into a wheat field and back to the undergrowth, when, finding them supported by two regiments in ambush, we retired in good order to the ravine. Four times thus we drove the enemy back, every time coming upon us with fresh troops.

At about 3 o'clock, when the troops were ordered to retire, we did so by the order of Generals Hardee and Withers, being held, with other regiments, under command of Colonel Wheeler, of the Alabama regiment, to protect the withdrawal of the other troops of our army until between 5 and 6 p.m., when we proceeded to a point about 3 1/2 miles from Monterey, where we encamped during the night, returning the next morning to this camp.

My men were exhausted, and were absolutely sinking on the way from the effects of fatigue, want of food, sleep, and rest. We left the field of battle a half mile in advance of the point where we commenced the fight, and within that space lay those brave men who had fallen dead and wounded, numbering 107, a detailed report of which is annexed.

Lieutenant-Colonel McPheeters, Major Bosworth, Captains Hardenberg, commissary, and Gribble, quartermaster, and Adjutant Venable behaved gallantly.

Among the line officers I have great satisfaction in mentioning the

