
following as distinguished for coolness, bravery, and the faithful discharge of their duty:

Company A-Lieutenants Stevens, Handy, and Le Gay; the two last wounded.

Company B-Captain Haynes and Lieutenants Claiborne and Howell.

Company C-Lieutenant Bullitt, who supplied the place of the lamented Graham after he fell, offering to carry the colors himself.

Company D-Lieutenants Meslier and Forstall.

Company E-Lieutenants Airey and Holmes.

Company F-Captain Austin and Lieutenant Guillet; the latter exhibiting a courage bordering on impetuosity.

Company G-Captain Helme and Lieutenants Mellon and Shepperd.

Company H-Lieutenant Enderle; Lieutenants Fisher and Perry being wounded early in the action.

Company I-Captain Knight, who, though wounded, I found difficulty in keeping from the field; Lieutenants Field, who, supplying his place, conducted himself with coolness and bravery, and Seaman.

Company K-Lieutenants McDougall, supplying the place of the gallant Campbell, and Garretson and Collie.

Company L-Captain Davidson was cool and collected. On Monday I was deprived of his valuable services. Lieutenant Lewis well filled the post. Lieutenant Fellows was seriously wounded.

In regard to the conduct of the privates, there are many that acted with great gallantry and coolness. There are but two, and that particularly on account of their youth, whom I will mention: Paul Lemonier, Company B, and James Hanafy, Company A.

MARSHALL J. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Col. PRESTON POND, JR.,

Commanding Third Brigade, Ruggles' Division, &amp;c.

No. 184. REGIMENTAL HDQRS. THIRTY-EIGHTH TENN. REGIMENT, Camp, near Corinth, Miss., April 25, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the service rendered by the Thirty-eighth Tennessee Regiment in the battle of Shiloh, on April 6 and 7:

Early on the morning of the 6th we were ordered to move rapidly to the left as far as Owl Creek, which position was promptly taken by the Crescent and Thirty-eighth Tennessee Regiments and Captain Ketchum's battery. This position was held until about 11 a.m., when we were ordered to move to the right. Under this order, at a double-quick I marched my command in the neighborhood of and to the right of Shiloh Church, and in front of a battery which was playing upon us. We advanced as we received orders, firing upon the enemy as we advanced. Shortly we approached a camp of the enemy, only an open field intervening. To the right and in advance of the camp we discovered the enemy in considerable force. We poured upon him a destructive fire, which caused him soon to begin to retire. Near the camp

