
was a battery all the while playing upon our forces. I received an order to charge the battery and camp under cover of the woods to the right from Major-General Polk, through his son, Captain Polk. I quickly examined the route as ordered, and saw that the camp and battery could be reached and the order carried out in effect with but little more risk by moving rapidly through the open field. I ordered the charge, which was promptly and successfully executed as to the camp and battery, and I suppose at least 1,000 prisoners. After I had reached the camp some cavalry and Colonel Cummings' Tennessee regiment came up. We were soon moved farther to the left. Night approached, and we lay down, without fire and in the rain, about 600 yards from the camp of the Seventy-seventh Illinois, I think.

On the morning of the 7th, at daylight, the Third Brigade of your division was drawn up in line of battle; almost instantly were fired upon by a battery brought up in the night within a very short distance and supported by a large force. I immediately ordered my regiment to fire, and three rounds were delivered at the enemy; with what effect I am unable to say. About this time our own battery in our rear opened, leaving us exposed to the shells of friends and foes, which caused us to take position to the rear of our guns. We were moved quickly from one point to another to the support of brigades, commanders unknown, until about 11 a.m. A short time after this we were ordered to Shiloh Church, in the direction of Pittsburg, and near a camp occupied by the enemy. After being held by General Beauregard for about fifteen minutes I received an order from him, through Governor Harris, of Tennessee, to charge the camp and the enemy. My regiment was in the center. There were, I suppose, two regiments on my right and three on the left. We drove the enemy far beyond his camp, my regiment being far in advance of any other troops, when we were ordered to retire. Three times did they charge the enemy and drive him from his position at every point. I delivered the last volley at the enemy on Monday, and when we were withdrawn from this part of the field I found the army drawn up in beautiful order to retire.

For the list of the killed, wounded, and missing of my regiment I refer to a report heretofore furnished.

I deem it but just and proper that I should make mention of the gallant bearing of the officers and men of my command.

Capt. John C. Carter deserves the highest praise for his great coolness and high courage displayed throughout the entire engagement. At one time he took the flag, and urging his men forward, rendered me great assistance in moving forward the entire regiment. Capts. H. W. Cotter, Hardy, Umphlett, J. C. Thrasher, and J. J. Mayfield, for their gallant bearing, are entitled to great credit. They discharged their whole duty. Capt. H. A. Abington was with his company throughout the first day of the battle and conducted himself handsomely, but being in delicate health, was not able to be with his company on the 7th. Lieuts. R. B. Koen, A. B. March, H. D. Greer, E. T. Hutchinson, F. Pugh, J. W. Chilcutt, L. Ketchum, C. G. Loving, L. R. Jones, E. J. Wait, and Briggs were at all times at their posts, and their gallantry was worthy of the cause for which they struggled. With but few exceptions the men did their duty and fought bravely.

To Adjt. R. A. Sandford I am greatly indebted for assistance rendered me throughout the entire engagement, and for his gallant bearing and high courage too many praises cannot be given.

Lieutenant B. F. Haller, though feeble from ill-health, was with his company

