
and at his post all the while, and on Monday, in the absence of his captain, gallantly led his men through the fight.

Respectfully submitted.

R. F. LOONEY,

Colonel Thirty-eighth Tennessee Regiment.

Brigadier-General RUGGLES,

Commanding Division.

No. 185. Report of Capt. William H. Ketchum, Alabama Battery.

CORINTH, MISS., April 15, 1862.

COLONEL: On Friday [4th instant] we took up our line of march from Monterey, proceeding on the Savannah road, joining our brigade [Colonel Pond's], from which we had been detached for several days. Nothing of interest occurring this day, we encamped about 5 miles out.

The next morning, taking our regular position in line, we advanced until about 5 p.m., forming in line of battle on the extreme left, my battery masked by Captains Jenkins' and Robins' cavalry companies. There having been some skirmishing in advance and on our right this day, and the enemy's camps not being more than a mile in our front, distinctly hearing the tattoo from their different camps, I deemed it prudent to keep my horses in harness all night.

At 6 o'clock the next morning [Sunday, the 6th] the battle commenced, and we marched steadily to the front in line of battle, holding different positions, as ordered, when an order reached me to place my battery in position commanding the approach from Owl Creek, where it was thought the enemy would attempt to get through on our flank. In this position I was supported by the Thirty-eighth Tennessee and Crescent Regiments. After remaining here in position for some little time two sections of my battery were ordered to join Colonel Pond immediately, who was in advance and on the right. I took charge of this battery of four pieces, leaving the third section [two pieces] with Lieutenant Bond. On arriving where Colonel Pond was with the balance of his brigade we commenced an advance movement again through the woods, swamps, and old fields, without any regard to roads. The fighting from 6 a.m. up to this time had been very severe on our right, and until now, in an open field, we had not experienced the whistling of the enemy's balls; and finding the enemy firing at us from a log house, with a camp in rear, we fired our first round, which was a shell from a howitzer, at this house, throwing it immediately into the house. This was about 10 a.m. The enemy leaving, we continued advancing through their deserted camps until arriving at a camp where they were drawn up in line of battle. Colonel Pond ordered me to advance and shell them out. Moving up my four pieces I opened on them with spherical case and shell, gradually advancing on the camp by half battery. In a short time the enemy left their camp in double-quick for the woods on their right.

At this moment an aide from General Hardee rode up, ordering me with my battery to the left, where he reported the enemy in force. On arriving at an eminence on the road, commanding a camp on the right of the one we had just shelled, we found the enemy in large force, and

