
the retreat, and taking position for any advance of the enemy. We encamped on the road that night and made Corinth next evening [8th instant], as ordered.

My first section, commanded by First Lieutenant Garrity, was managed with remarkable coolness and ability, prompt in executing all orders and firing with marked precision. The gunner to his howitzer, Corporal Ingalls, did great credit to himself in this respect. His pieces are brought back in good order.

Second Lieutenant Bond, third section, behaved gallantly when with me on Monday, which was our most severe fighting, and when detached from me Sunday and part of Monday the most flattering account of his section is given by those whom he was with. His guns are back in good order.

Third Lieutenant Carroll, second section, also behaved gallantly, cheering his men through the thickest of the fight. His section lost one piece and two caissons, which was unavoidable.

To mention cases of individual merit might be most appropriately done, and could not be done without naming the whole command, with two or three exceptions.

My loss in killed, 1; wounded, 12; horses, 15.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. KETCHUM,

Captain Company A, Alabama State Artillery.

P. S.-To the unremitting attention of our surgeon, Dr. John P. Barnes, who was with us on the field and untiring in his attention to the wounded, I shall ever feel grateful, and cannot say too much in praise.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. K.

No. 186. Report of Major [?] T. F. Jenkins, First Alabama Cavalry Battalion.

CAMP CAVALRY BATTALION, CAVALRY BRIGADE, Near Corinth, Miss., April 18, 1862.

GENERAL: I herewith submit a report of the part taken by my command in the action of the 6th and 7th instant:

On the first day of the action my company was attached as support to a section of Captain Ketchum's battery, on the left flank of Brigadier-General Ruggles' division.

In the afternoon of the same day, when the battery was ordered forward, my company, by order of General Beauregard, dismounted to fight on foot. I advanced with the Twenty-seventh Tennessee Regiment, but did not have the gratification of exchanging shots with the enemy before their final retreat to the gunboats.

Nothing worthy of note occurred in the action of the 6th instant.

On the morning of the 7th I was ordered to the extreme left as flankers and skirmishers, and was advancing in that position when Major-General Bragg ordered me to join Colonel Brewer's battalion in the charge upon one of the enemy's batteries on the left; but being ordered to retire before reaching the battery, did not succeed in its

34 R R-VOL X

