
Creek Gap there are 8,000, with troops at Clinton and Knoxville. Should their forces concentrate the enemy will outnumber us nearly three to one. What is General Negley doing? Answer at once, as I start at noon to go to the head of the column. I send copy of this to Governor Johnson and Secretary of War.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure No. 5.]
HEADQUARTERS, June 9, 1862.

General MORGAN,Cumberland Ford:

General Negley is fully employed in Middle Tennessee, and can give you no direct assistance. He is, however, opposite Chattanooga, but his stay there cannot be depended upon. The force now in Tennessee is so small that no offensive operations against East Tennessee can be attempted, and you must therefore depend mainly on your own resources.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 6.]
HEADQUARTERS, June 10, 1862.

General MORGAN,Cumberland Ford:

Considering your force and that opposed to you, it will probably not be safe you to undertake any extended offensive operations. Other operations will soon have an influence upon your designs, and it is therefore better for you to run to risk at present.

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure No. 7.]
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO,At Parrott's, East Tenn., June 10, 1862.

Major-General BUELL:

GENERAL: I had the honor to receive your telegram. It was too late to change my plans. I have advanced upon a road so narrow that two wagons cannot pass each other. The guns had to be drawn over several hills by block and tackle. I need say nothing of the difficulties of such an advance. A retrograde movement would be next to impossible. My troops are confident and in good spirits. To fall back would demoralize them. Will you pardon me, general, for asking where it is possible to re-enforce General Negley so as to retain Smith at Chattanooga? My advance guard occupies Roger's Gap, and will probably descend into the valley to-morrow. To-day our pickets had two skirmishes with those of the enemy, in which he sustained some loss in killed and wounded. On our side there were no casualties. I will try and destroy railroad bridges on either side of Knoxville, and throughout will act upon a bold, determined policy, as it is the only prudent one in my position. The present fate of East Tennessee depends upon Kirby Smith being all occupied at Chattanooga. Copy of this sent to Secretary of War.

Most respectfully,

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

