
capture. The remainder of the day we remained in rear of General Ruggles' division as support to Captain Ketchum's battery.

Second Lieutenant McIntosh was attached as commander of General Ruggles' body guard on both days of the action. Nothing occurred deserving particular note.

Number of men engaged on the 6th, 52; number of men engaged on the 7th,47. No casualties.*

T. F. JENKINS,

Commanding Battalion of Cavalry.

Brigadier-General RUGGLES.

No. 187. Report of Capt. J. J. Cox, Prattville [Alabama] Dragoons.

CAMP CAVALRY BATTALION, Near Corinth, Miss., April 18, 1862.

CAPTAIN: The cavalry company, Prattville Dragoons, of Captain Jenkins' cavalry battalion, carried to the battle of Shiloh, on the 6th of April, 4 commissioned officers, 4 sergeants, 4 corporals, 1 bugler, and 33 privates. The company, with Captain Tomlinson's company, was ordered to advance with the right wing of General Ruggles' division. After entering the first camp of the enemy Captain Tomlinson was ordered to reconnoiter the woods on the left of that division. My own was ordered to remain with General Ruggles, which was used during the day of the 6th as couriers and for rallying troops in the evening of the 6th. I was ordered by General Ruggles to carry an order to the Texas Rangers to charge the enemy and my company to charge with them. We started for that purpose in column of fours; the front column of the Texas Rangers met the infantry of the enemy, and an order was given to retire; the cause I do not know, but think the position of the enemy was such that the charge could not be made.

Monday morning, the 7th, was ordered with General Ruggles. Remained with him until ordered by the general to go with Captain Jenkins' company and support a section of Ketchum's battery. Went for that purpose, but found the section retiring to take its former position. Was next ordered by Captain Jenkins to go with his company and the Texas Rangers to charge the enemy's left flank. In the evening of the 7th took position in the rear, as ordered, until relieved by General Bragg as a part of his body guard.

On the 6th Private John Stalnaker was killed while we were with General Ruggles.

On the morning of the 7th, Corp. Adam Cloninger was killed; 1 horse also was killed and two others had their legs broken. Took off the field 1 horse, 2 muskets, 1 Sharp's rifle, and 6 guns, of different makers, which have been turned over to the quartermaster and ordnance master.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. COX,

Captain Prattville Dragoons.

---------------

*Another copy of report shows, killed, 2; wounded, 6.

---------------

