
No. 188. Report of Capt. A. Tomlinson, Mathews [Alabama] Rangers.

NEAR CORINTH, MISS., April 18, 1862.

My company of Alabama Mounted Volunteers was under command of Brigadier-General Ruggles on the 6th and 7th instant at Shiloh Church. Seven of my men, with a corporal, were detailed as couriers, under the immediate command of Lieutenant. S. McIntosh.

From the time the battle began to 12 m. my command was with I was engaged in watching the movement of the enemy on our left wing. The remainder of the day and also the night was under command of Captain Cox.

On Monday morning I was ordered by Brigadier-General Ruggles to form line of battle with a Tennessee battalion on the left. Soon orders came to assist in a charge with said battalion and the Texas Rangers. The charge, from some cause, was not made, and we fell back, where my command remained until ordered by General Bragg to hasten to Corinth to overtake and aid the escort with the prisoners.

I went on the field with 3 commissioned officers, 6 non-commissioned officers, and 48 privates. In the evening Private George W. McCurdy was shot by the enemy through the right hand with a musket-ball; the same evening Corp. W. D. King was slightly wounded in the right arm.

In the morning Sergt. John I. Cochran was thrown from his horse and his left shoulder was dislocated-now missing. I had 4 horses killed and 5 wounded. I captured 2 muskets and 3 horses, all of which I now have, and lost 5 Colt's pistols.

Respectfully submitted.

A. TOMLINSON,

Captain Mathews Rangers.

No. 189. Report of Capt. J. Robins, commanding cavalry.

Engagement near Pittsburgh on April 6 and 7, 1862:

On Sunday, April 6, 15 men of my command were detailed to act as couriers. Ten of them acted as couriers for General Ruggles and 5 for General Pond. The balance of my command masked Captain Ketchum's battery until it went into action. My command was then ordered until the enemy began the retreat. I was then ordered by General Beauregard to report to General Ruggles. After reporting to General Ruggles he put into my charge several hundred prisoners which he had captured. I guarded them during the night, and on Monday took them to Corinth, Miss., and put them on the cars. My men behaved well and were willing and ready to obey any order that was given them. Three of my men were wounded, 2 horses killed and 2 wounded. Two sabers and 1 Colt's navy pistol lost. Total number of men engaged, 73.

J. ROBINS,

Commanding Cavalry.

