
No. 190. Report of Brig. Gen. Jones M. Withers, C. S. Army, Commanding Second Division.

HEADQUARTERS WITHERS' DIVISION, Camp, near Tupelo, Miss., June 20, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that before daylight on Saturday morning, April 5, this division was reported ready to march, and that immediately after the rear of the advanced command was in motion it moved forward in the following order: First, Gladden's brigade; second, Chalmers' brigade; third, Jackson's brigade.

Arriving near the proposed line of battle, by order of General Bragg Gladden's brigade was thrown forward to the right of General Hardee's advanced or attacking line; Jackson's brigade was then positioned about 300 yards to the rear of Gladden's, its left resting on the Bark road; Chalmers' was formed on the right of Jackson's, its right resting on a creek tributary to Lick Creek, being en echelon to and on Gladden's right. Clanton's cavalry, having reported for duty with the division, was placed in the rear of Chalmers, with strong pickets on the right and front. Thus the division bivouacked for the night.

The attacking line being put in motion early on the morning of the 6th, this command was ordered forward, retaining its relative position with the advance. It was soon perceptible that there was a gradual but steady inclination to the left, thus increasing the distance to and exposing our flank on Lick Creek. To remedy this Colonel Clanton was directed to sweep down Lick Creek with his cavalry and to protect our right from surprise. By this time our attacking line was warmly engaged with the enemy and steadily driving them back.

Learning that the enemy were in force in front of General Chalmers, whose brigade extended to the right of our attacking line, he was ordered forward to attack them. This he did promptly, gallantly, and successfully. Moving forward, we passed the first camp, from which the enemy had been driven, and came up with Gladden's brigade, formed in square, and under command of Col. D. W. Adams, First Louisiana Infantry-General Gladden having been dangerously, and, as the result unfortunately proved, mortally wounded.

In the mean time Chalmers' brigade had moved steadily onward, and, after a short but hot contest, driven the enemy from their second camp. Having thus become too much separated from the remainder of the command, General Chalmers was ordered to resume his position on Jackson's right. Here some delay occurred, and a report being brought in that they were forming in line of battle some distance on our right, General A. S. Johnston, who was present, immediately ordered the division to move to the right. This movement was promptly and rapidly performed, over ground that was rough, broken, and heavily timbered.

Having led the command about one-half to three-fourths of a mile to the right, it was halted until the cavalry should ascertain whether the enemy still outflanked us. Satisfied that there was no enemy on our right, the order was given to advance. The nature of the ground over which we had to pass rendered it most difficult for the artillery to keep up with the eager and rapid movements of the infantry. With such batteries, however, as Robertson's, Girardey's, and Gage's there could be no failure. General Jackson, descending the hill on which

