
his brigade had rested, found the enemy in strong force on the opposite slope. He promptly engaged, and, after a sharp but warm contest, drove them from their position.

Col. J. C. Moore, of the Second Texas, here displayed great gallantry. In quick pursuit we passed an extensive camp, beyond which and on the opposite side, skirting the wood, the enemy [occupying some houses] had formed a second line. From this position they were also quickly driven, but soon formed a third line on a ridge running nearly parallel with the Hamburg and Pittsburgh roads. General Jackson was ordered to move forward a short distance and rest his command in a ravine until the artillery could be brought up. This was quickly done, and it opened immediately with telling effect on the enemy. General Chalmers in the mean time advanced rapidly upon the enemy, in strong force beyond an old field, concealed and protected by a worm fence and thick underbrush. After a sharp conflict they were dislodged and driven from their position, and Chalmers halted his command for a supply of ammunition.

These movements caused the brigades to be too widely separated, being at right angles, Jackson's facing north and Chalmers' east. Chalmers was therefore ordered to move his command to its position on Jackson's right. Satisfied by the report of the energetic and indefatigable Clanton that there was no enemy on our right, and being convinced by the heavy and continuous firing that they were in force on our left, the division was ordered to wheel on a movable pivot to the left. This movement, which was in accordance with the general plan of battle, as explained by the commanding general to the division and brigade commanders, soon developed the enemy in strong force, who stubbornly contested our advance, but were driven before the cool and steady Jackson and the gallant and impetuous Chalmers. Re-enforcements were now called for on our left, where heavy firing still continued; but this division being hotly engaged throughout the lines, Colonel Rich, of the First Missouri, whose regiment was in our rear, having become detached from General Bowen's brigade, was ordered to the support. He moved off immediately at double-quick and dashed into the fight with good effect.

An order for re-enforcements was now received from General Bragg. As the entire line was still warmly engaged, with no support, General Breckinridge, who had just had a sharp conflict with and driven the enemy before him, was called on to render the desired assistance. This was done without other delay than that necessary to furnish his troops with ammunition.

This division still continued fiercely engaged until Chalmers, having routed the forces before him, began to sweep down on the left flank of the heavy force in front of Jackson at the same time that Gladden's brigade, now under command of Colonel Deas, of the Twenty-second Alabama-the bold and impetuous Adams having been dangerously wounded in the head while gallantly leading his command-began to press him on his right. Thus positioned, the enemy surrendered, and were marched out on the Hamburg road, through Jackson's brigade, and placed by me in charge of Colonel Shorter, with his regiment, the Eighteenth Alabama, and marched to Corinth. The enemy captured proved to be the command of General Prentiss. The division was then advanced to the Pittsburgh edge of the field, in which the enemy had stacked their arms and halted for a supply of ammunition. Most of the regiments were supplied from the camps of the enemy.

The order was now given by General Bragg, who was present on the

