
Through the fight on Monday Captain Huger, Lieutenant Thomas, and Volunteer Aide R. W. Withers, were all the staff present on the right, the others having become separated Sunday evening, and each more than sustained the reputation gained the day before. Major Runnels, of the Second Texas, volunteered as a staff officer when the division commander was temporarily alone, and performed gallant and efficient service.

To Mr. Lafayetter Veal, a noble and patriotic citizen of Tennessee, this command and the country are indebted for laborious and indispensable services in guiding our right, under constant fire, down Lick Creek and the Tennessee River to within a half mile of Pittsburgh.

Brigade and regimental reports were duly forwarded, and the causes which have delayed the handing in of this report are known to the commanding general.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WITHERS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Major GEORGE G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 191 Report of Col. Daniel W. Adams, First Louisiana Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

CORINTH, MISS., May 20, 1862.

SIR: As colonel of the First Regiment Louisiana Infantry, in the early part of the day, in the battle of Shiloh, on April 6, in command of my regiment, and subsequently in command of the brigade to which it was attached, it was my duty to have reported to you before this, but I have been delayed, by the effects of the very severe wound I received, until the present moment.

As you are aware, General Gladden's brigade, to which my regiment belonged and constituted the right, was attached, on the evening of April 5, to General Hardee's division, and was placed on the right, and in that position went into the battle on the morning of the 6th.

As we approached the enemy we found immediately in front of us the encampments of several regiments and the headquarters of General Prentiss, who was in command of that division of their army. Their line of battle, composed of infantry, supported by artillery, was formed just outside of their encampments, with detachments of sharpshooters in the thick woods and bushes on our right.

When we reached a position about 200 yards of the enemy's lines, near the hour of 8.30 a.m., they opened a very heavy fire upon us with the rifled muskets, followed very soon thereafter by the fire of their artillery.

In a very short time after the engagement commenced General Gladden, who was gallantly commanding in the advance of the brigade, received a very severe wound, which afterward proved mortal, from a cannon-shot, and having to be taken from the field, relinquished the command of the brigade in my favor.

Finding that the enemy were then pouring a most destructive fire upon us, I ordered a rapid advance of the brigade to drive them from their cover and position; but as we advanced the fire became so very severe that I found the whole brigade began to falter and finally to fall back. Fearing the worst consequences, I rode to the color-bearer of

