
the First Regiment Louisiana Infantry, the command of which I had turned over to Major Farrar, and seizing the battle-flag, placed myself in front of the brigade and called upon them to follow me, which they did with great alacrity, and leading them close to the enemy's lines I ordered a charge, which was promptly and effectively executed. The enemy were driven from their position and retreated very rapidly. Following them we took possession of the encampment and of General Prentiss' headquarters, and some of the privates of the Louisiana regiments seized and secured seven stand of colors.

During our advance ant the charge Captain Robertson's battery of artillery, attached to the brigade, opened on the enemy with great power and effect, and greatly aided in accomplishing the enemy's defeat.

Shortly after we had driven the enemy from this encampment and had taken possession I formed the line of battle on the other side of it for a further advance. The enemy reappeared at a distance of some 300 or 400 yards, and apparently, and as reported to me, largely re-enforced, formed the line of battle, and commenced advancing on us, opening at the same time with their artillery. I immediately ordered Captain Robertson's battery up, which was rapidly placed in position, and returned the enemy's fire with such promptness and great effect, that it drove them from their guns and caused them to abandon their battery, which we afterward took possession of.

About this time General Hardee and staff passed, and the general instructed me to throw out some companies in advance as skirmishers to see if the enemy were really in front of us in large force and to avoid collision with our friends, which I did, and found that the representations were correct, and that the enemy was being re-enforced and advancing on our position.

At this time I received an order from General Bragg to advance with the brigade, and would have done so immediately, but found that many of the men in the command had nearly exhausted their ammunition. As soon as this deficiency was supplied I ordered an advance, when the divisions of Generals Cheatham and Breckinridge, coming up to my right and left and advancing, a portion of their forces were so interposed between my command and the enemy's that when within range I received a message so requesting me, and was constrained to halt and remain in that position for over an hour.

During this time the enemy opened upon us again with their artillery, when I directed Captain Robertson to return their fire, which he did with great effect. Captain-'s battery of artillery also came up and rendered valuable services and assistance.

Awaiting a change of position that would allow me to advance and riding down the line of the brigade, about the hour of 2.30 o'clock I received a very severe wound from a rifle-ball in the head, which caused me to be taken from the field, and I had to relinquish the command to Col. Zach. C. Deas, of the Twenty-second Alabama Regiment.

During the time that I was in command of the First Louisiana Regiment and the brigade the officers and men generally acted with great gallantry and courage, and the brigade is entitled to credit for having carried one of the enemy's strongest positions.

Very respectfully,

DANL. W. ADAMS,

Colonel First Regiment Louisiana Infantry.

D. E. HUGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, General Withers' Division.

