
No. 192 Report of Col. Z. C. Deas, Twenty-second Alabama Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

HDQRS.1ST BRIG., WITHERS' DIV., ARMY OF THE MISS., Mobile, Ala., April 25, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the morning of April 6 this brigade-composed of the First Louisiana Infantry, Col. D. W. Adams; Twenty-first Alabama, Lieutenant. Col. S. W. Cayce; Twenty-second Alabama, Col. Z. C. Deas; Twenty-fifth Alabama, Col. J. Q. Loomis; Twenty-sixth Alabama, Colonel Coltart, and Robertson's battery, Capt. F. H. Robertson-under command of Brigadier-General Gladden, moved out of camp, marching in line of battle, and shortly after 7 o'clock came upon the enemy, when the engagement commenced. One of their batteries was playing upon us with effect, but in a short time Robertson's battery was brought on our side, which soon silenced theirs. We then battery was brought on our side, which soon silenced theirs. We then charged, driving the enemy flying through their camp. In this charge several colors were captured.

Just before this charge was made General Gladden, while gloriously sustaining the reputation won in Mexico at the head of the immortal Palmetto Regiment, received a wound from a cannon-ball, which proved fatal.

Beyond this camp the brigade [now under command of Colonel Adams] was halted, and after a time a battery stationed near their next camp opened upon us, which was responded to by Robertson's, and after a sharp contest silenced.

Orders were now received to move forward in support of General Chalmers, and while here the gallant Adams, when encouraging his men by his reckless daring and apparent contempt of the missiles of death flying thick around him, received a severe wound in the head.

The command of the brigade now devolved upon me. Without instructions, without a staff officer, or even one of my own regiment mounted to assist me, I moved forward to aid where I could, and before proceeding far came up with General Breckinridge, who was warmly engaged on my right. I immediately advanced to his assistance. The fire here was very severe, and I sent back for the Twenty-sixth Alabama to come up [which they failed to do], and also for a battery, which was brought up promptly, and with this assistance, after a hard and long-continued struggle, we succeeded in driving the enemy back.

At this point General Bragg came up and ordered me to change direction, obliquing to the left. In a short time I came upon the enemy again, drawn up some distance in front of another camp, and after a short but very sharp engagement drove them before me, pursuing them to their camp, where I assisted in capturing a large number.

Here, in the hot pursuit, the Twenty-first and Twenty-fifth Alabama became separated from me in the woods, and before I had had time to find them I received an order from General Withers to form on the extreme left, where I remained until night came on, and then attempted to get back to the camp I had left, but got into a different one. My men being now completely exhausted, and not having had anything to eat since morning, I encamped here for the night.

On inspection I found I had under my command only the First Louisiana Infantry and the Twenty-second Alabama, numbering, respectively, 101 and 123 men, with about an average of 15 rounds of ammunition, although both regiments had replenished during the day.

