
At daylight on the morning of the 7th I sent Capt. R. J. Hill to hunt for General Withers' division and also to get information. He soon returned and reported that the enemy were advancing. I immediately marched over and formed on the left of a division commanded by Colonel Russell. Under his orders we advanced, but perceiving the enemy's skirmishers on our left and rear, fell back to our first position. While here the enemy opened upon us with artillery, when we moved beyond the crest of a hill, and I placed my command in support of a battery, where I remained until I received orders from General Bragg to attack a force on my left. While marching to this attack I was joined by the Fourth Kentucky, and with these fragments of regiments, numbering together less than 500, I attacked two brigades; but after continuing this unequal contest for nearly half an hour, and nearly one-half of my command had been killed or wounded, I gave the order to fall back, which was done in good order.

I now formed and moved forward again, with the remnant of my brigade [now reduced to about 60 men], in the last attack under General Beauregard. Here my second horse was killed, and I [having been wounded some time previously] was unable to march.

The indomitable courage and perseverance of the officers and men of this brigade; the willingness and gallantry with which they advanced to the attack when called upon, after having endured almost superhuman fatigues in the desperate and long-continued struggles of Sunday and Monday, are deserving of the highest encomiums. Where so many acted nobly it might appear invidious to particularize, but impartiality compels me to record as first in the fight the First Louisiana Infantry and Twenty-second Alabama.

I wish here to call the attention of my superiors to such field officers as especially distinguished themselves under my immediate supervision for their coolness and gallant bearing under the hottest fire. Lieutenant Col. John C. Marrast, Twenty-second Alabama; Majors F. H. Farrar, First Louisiana Infantry, and George D. Johnston, Twenty-fifth Alabama; and also to Adjutant Kent, First Louisiana; Adjutant Stout, Twenty-fifth Alabama; Adjutant Travis and Sergeant-Major Nott, Twenty-second Alabama, acting as aides, for their gallantry and bravery in extending my orders.

This report is written without having received any of the regimental reports, and without being able to consult with any of the officers, which will account for my not mentioning all the officers of this brigade who distinguished themselves on the field of Shiloh. For this information I beg respectfully to refer to the regimental reports, and also to refer to document A* for the killed, wounded, and missing.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. C. DEAS,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade, Withers' Division.

Capt. D. E. HUGER,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Corinth, Miss.

No. 193 Report of Col. J. Q. Loomis, Twenty-fifth Alabama Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

CAMP, NEAR CORINTH, MISS., April 13, 1862.

SIR: Herewith I have the honor to transmit such of the reports as

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

