
[Inclosure No. 8.]

LAMBDIN'S, FOOT OF CUMBERLAND MOUNTAINS, June 10, 1862.

General BUELL:

We have information, derived from our scouts, that Big Creek Gap is evacuated. This information is confirmed by a deserter from General Spears, who also gives a rumor that Cumberland Gap has also been evacuated. I am inclined to credit this rumor, inasmuch as the air was filled with smoke on yesterday for a circumference of from 15 to 20 miles from Cumberland Gap, which was probably caused by burning timber, in order to create a curtain of smoke behind which to retreat. However I have sent reliable scouts to both of these points to ascertain the actual facts. If the enemy has retreated I shall march at once upon Knoxville, and thence operate upon the rear of the enemy, who has probably gone towards Chattanooga.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 9.]
HEADQUARTERS, June 10, 1862.

General MORGAN,Cumberland Ford:

Your information in regard to evacuation of Cumberland Gap may be true, and, if so, probably resulted from Mitchell's force appearing before Chattanooga. If the Gap is evacuated, you should seize it and hold it, and take any other advantage that may present itself, but not advance to points from which you would have to fall back.

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure No. 10.]
HEADQUARTERS, June 11, 1862.

General MORGAN,Cumberland Ford:

General Negley has been withdrawn from before Chattanooga, but General Mitchel is instructed as far as possible to keep his troops in a position to threaten that point. As you were previously advised, you will have depend mainly upon your own ability to beat the force opposed to you.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 11.]
HEADQUARTERS, June 11, 1862.

General MITCHELL,Hunsville, Ala.:

General Morgan is advancing on Cumberland Gap. Endeavor as much as possible to keep your force in an attitude to threaten Chattanooga and occupy the attention of Kirby Smith. How many roads do you find leading to Chattanooga between McMinnville and the river? What is their condition and which the best? What is the condition of the road by Jasper and Stevenson?

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

