
I have been able to procure from the regimental commanders. To attempt a report of the brigade would be a difficult work upon my part. The officers who commanded during the engagement are either killed or wounded, and those upon whom the labor should more properly devolve, and who could more properly speak of the action of the brigade, are absent:

We engaged the enemy at 7.30 a.m. on the 6th instant, under command of General Gladden, and in a short time, while leading a charge upon the enemy's lines and battery, that gallant officer received a wound, of which he has since died. In his death our country has sustained a serious loss. He was one of nature's noblemen-a good soldier, an accomplished gentleman, and a true patriot. Long will his name live in the memory of those whom he so gallantly led against our enemy's forces.

About this time, too, Major [Robert B.] Armistead, of the Twenty-second, Alabama Regiment, fell-a true patriot and brave soldier-in the full discharge of the duties of his position. While we pause to drop a tear of sorrow upon his grave, let us be encouraged to emulate his brave deeds.

After General Gladden was wounded the command devolved upon Colonel Adams, of the First Louisiana Infantry, who continued in charge, doing deeds of noble daring, until about 2 p.m., when he fell severely wounded. Colonel Deas, of the Twenty-second Alabama, then took command for the rest of the day, receiving several wounds, but still remaining upon the field of the enemy, and winning the hearts of the whole brigade.

On Monday the brigade becoming disunited attached themselves to different commands, but continued on the field until ordered to retire.

So far as came under my observation the officers deported themselves as men, fighting nobly for all that is most dear-"life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness."

The undersigned hopes that in a short time those who commanded the brigade may return to their wonted health, and be prepared to make a report that will do full and ample justice to a command that bore itself so gallantly on the field.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. Q. LOOMIS,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade, Withers' Division.

Capt. D. E. HUGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Corinth, Miss.

No. 194. Report of Lieutenant. Col. S. W. Cayce, Twenty-first Alabama Infantry.

HDQRS. TWENTY-FIRST REGIMENT ALABAMA VOLS., Corinth, Miss., April 13, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit annexed a tabular statement of the loss sustained by my command [Twenty-first Alabama Volunteers] in the late battle near Monterey, on the 6th and 7th instant, amounting in the aggregate to 198 killed, wounded, and missing.

Called suddenly from the rank of lieutenant to the command of the regiment, having only been placed in charge by General Gladden on

