
the 5th instant, I would especially express my sense of the great assistance rendered me by Major Stewart and Senior Capt. John F. Jewett acting as field officers, who throughout the whole fight fully sustained themselves as brave and gallant officers. In point of fact, late Sunday evening [when I had the misfortune to have my horse shot, bruising my foot much, and causing me to fall into the hands of the enemy, from whom, however, I was fortunately soon rescued] and Monday morning the regiment was under the major's command.

Where all did so well it would seem invidious to make any distinctions; nevertheless I would mention Lieutenant Parker, acting adjutant; Captains Chamberlain and Stewart, and Lieutenants Rogers, Williams, and Savage, as particularly active in the discharge of their several duties.

The men, as a general thing, behaved with great steadiness, though exposed at times to a perfect hurricane of shot and shell, no less than 5 men having fallen as color-bearers.

The movements of the command having all been by brigade, ordered by brigade commandants, and executed under their supervision, I do not deem it necessary to rehearse them.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. CAYCE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Twenty-first Alabama Volunteers.

Lieutenant. J. STOUT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

-,- -, 1862.

The undersigned having tendered his resignation, the acceptance of which, however, was not received until after the fight, and having been in command, as stated in the report of Lieutenant-Colonel Cayce, does hereby respectfully concur in said report and indorse its recommendations.

F. STEWART,

Late Major Twenty-first Alabama Volunteers.

No. 195. Report of Col. Z. C. Deas, commanding Twenty-second Alabama Infantry.

HDQRS. TWENTY-SECOND ALA. REGIMENT, PROV. ARMY, Corinth, Miss., April 11, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 6th instant, about 6 o'clock, under orders of General Gladden, I moved my regiment out of camp, numbering 404 rifles and 31 officers, and forming a part of General Gladden's brigade.

Marching in line of battle, at about 7 o'clock we came upon the enemy, drawn up in front of their camp, where they opened fire upon us with their infantry and a battery of artillery, to which we responded. Robertson's battery was brought into action, which soon silenced them, and shortly afterwards the enemy wavered, and we charged over their dismantled guns, driving them through their camps, where we halted to reform, and after a short time they again opened upon us with another

