
battery, which was silenced by our batteries. We then moved forward a few hundred yards and halted in support. Here Colonel Adams, who was in command-General Gladden having been very seriously wounded by a cannon-ball in the first engagement-was seriously wounded, and the command of the brigade devolving upon me, Lieutenant-Colonel Marrast took command of my regiment, and will finish this report.

Major R. B. Armistead was mortally wounded in the first engagement, but he fell where every brave soldier should be found to fall-in the front rank, doing his whole duty and urging his men on to victory. In him his country has lost a most intelligent and gallant officer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. C. DEAS,

Colonel, Commanding.

No. 196 Report of Lieutenant. Col. J. C. Marrast, Twenty-second Alabama Infantry.

HDQRS. TWENTY-SECOND ALA. REGIMENT, PROV. ARMY, Corinth, Miss., April 12, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that about 11.30 a.m. Sunday, April 6, the command of this regiment devolved upon me in consequence of the wounding of the gallant Colonel Adams, First Louisiana Regiment, and the succession of Colonel Deas to the command of the Gladden brigade. Colonel Adams fell at 11.30 o'clock, while the two regiments were under cover, the enemy firing upon us with artillery and infantry. We advanced from that position, through one of the enemy's camps, into a hollow, from which point we discovered the enemy in houses on the hill beyond. Colonel Deas ordered me to send two companies to dislodge them, whereupon Capt. John Weedon, in command of his company [A] and Capt. J. D. Nott, of Company B, gallantly charged the enemy, and driving him before them, the regiment then closed upon the houses and occupied them as a cover for about one hour, and did the enemy much damage, who was throwing a heavy fire of artillery and infantry upon us. Our loss in this engagement was very severe. We then charged upon the enemy's position, driving him before us about 400 or 500 yards, when he made another stand, pouring into us a heavy fire. We were then halted in support of our artillery, and kept as much as possible under cover; but our loss in this affair also was considerable. Capt. A. L. Gaines, of Company C, was here killed, gallantly leading his company. From this position the enemy were finally driven back, and retreated beyond their camps, when the regiment was halted and ordered into camp for the night.

On the morning of April 7 [Monday], at daylight, I formed my regiment, numbering 1 field and 18 company officers, and 124 non-commissioned officers and privates. This regiment, together with the First Louisiana, under command of Colonel Deas, was ordered to march and form on the extreme left of the line of battle then being formed, in which position it remained one hour. Orders being received to advance, the regiment moved forward about 300 yards in the direction of a point occupied by the enemy's batteries, then playing without effect upon us; we then halted in a hollow, under cover. From this position I threw out a skirmishing party of 20 men, under command of Captain Hart, of Company K. A few minutes thereafter we were ordered to fall back. The skirmishers not hearing the call to return,

