
Lieutenant Wood, of Company I, with 2 men, were ordered up the slope of the hill to warn them, which party has not since been heard from, and are supposed to be prisoners. Captain Hart's party returned to the command all safe and reported not having seen them. The regiment was then, with the First Louisiana, placed under cover, in support of two of our batteries, where we lay for about two hours, when the whole fell back a distance of perhaps a half mile, when, the new line of battle being formed, my regiment again regained its position on the extreme left, and advanced towards the enemy's position some 300 yards. When under cover of the timber we engaged the enemy for perhaps twenty-five minutes, having been left, with the First Louisiana Infantry, isolated and alone, the main line having fallen back to near the original place of formation.

In this affair our loss being severe, we were ordered by Colonel Deas to fall back to our position in the line, which was done in good order very soon thereafter. The second advance upon the enemy's position was attempted, and after advancing about 200 yards was halted. Placing my men under cover of the timber we opened fire upon the enemy, which was sustained for only a few minutes, meeting with very heavy fire from the enemy. Our entire line at this time wavered and fell back again to the original position. Our lines being reformed, my regiment in its position on the left, we again advanced toward the enemy some 100 to 200 yards, and very soon fell back again under orders. At this time Colonel Deas was compelled, from loss of blood from wounds received hours before, to retire from the field, from which time my regiment was represented in every movement made toward the enemy, and never retired without an order, and did not leave the field until the horses and gunners were removed from the two pieces of Captain Ketchum's battery, which had to be abandoned. Being informed by the officer in command of the battery that he had been deserted by the troops left for his support, I felt it my duty to volunteer the services of my regiment for his support. When my command left this position not a man of our army was in front of us.

I beg to mention the following officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates, who were particularly conspicuous for soldierly bearing and bravery throughout the action of the two days:

Company A-Capt. John Weedon; Lieutenant. J. M. Whitney; Corps. Alexander Inman [killed], S. V. Cain [wounded], and W. D. Summer [wounded], and Privates J. L. Penly and J. J. Faught.

Company B-Capt. J. Deas Nott, and Privates Bartlett Anderson [wounded] and H. C. McMillan.

Company C-Capt. A. L. Gaines [killed], and Private Frank Allen.

Company H-Private William West.

Company I-Capt. A. P. Love [wounded], and First Sergt. S. J. Skinner.

Company E-Capt. J. R. Northcott; Sergt. R. J. Moore [wounded], and Corp. James M. Tedder [wounded].

Company K-Capt. B. R. Hart, Second Lieutenant. R. L. Myrick [wounded], and Privates Aaron Coffey and Monroe Brown.

Company D-Capt. E. H. Armistead; Capt. R. J. Hill, assistant quartermaster [wounded]; Adjt. E. F. Travis [wounded]; Sergt. Major Nott, and Quartermaster-Sergt. C. I. Michailoffsky.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. MARRAST,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

