
No. 197 Report of Col. J. Q. Loomis, Twenty-fifth Alabama Infantry.

CORINTH, MISS., April 13, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the annexed report of the losses sustained by the Twenty-fifth Alabama Regiment in the battle of the 6th and 7th instant.

Owing to the prevalence of the measles and mumps I was able to take but 305 men into the action. Of this number-were lost in killed and wounded.

This regiment formed a part of the First Brigade, Withers' division, under command of General Gladden.

This report not being intended as a eulogy on the regiment, I will only say it did its duty, fighting side by side with the other regiments of the brigade, charging promptly when ordered and in good order, and only falling back when commanded. With the brigade, it was engaged in every charge and attack on the 6th, and on the 7th, the brigade being disorganized, the regiment fell in with a Missouri regiment and fought until the conclusion of the engagement.

I remained in command of the regiment until 4 o'clock on the 6th, assisted greatly by my major, George D. Johnston, and Adjutant Stout, whose coolness and intrepidity upon the field are worthy of all praise.

About 4 o'clock I received a wound upon the head from a musketball, doing very slight external injury, but producing a concussion of the brain and rendering me unfit for commanding during the rest of the engagement. Major Johnston then took command and led the regiment gallantly through the fight.

Three stands of colors were captured from the enemy; one was presented by Major Johnston to General Hardee upon the field, the other two were thoughtlessly torn up by the men and taken as mementos of the battle.

The officers, most of them, bore themselves gallantly upon the field. Capt. Pierre D. Costello and Lieuts. P. H. Smith and Thomas G. Slaughter deserve especial mention. Sergeant Scofield captured two flags, and Private Vann was the first at a battery, and took the color-bearer's horse. Numbers of such incidents might be mentioned if necessary, but all did well. A noble rivalry existed as to who should do most, and the whole brigade acquitted themselves as men should who were fighting for their homes and firesides.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. Q. LOOMIS,

Colonel, Twenty-fifth Alabama Regiment, Provisional Army.

No. 198 Report of Lieutenant. Col. William D. Chadick, Twenty-sixth Alabama Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-SIXTH ALABAMA REGIMENT, April 12, 1862.

SIR: In the absence of the colonel commanding it becomes my duty to report the action of this regiment in the battle of the 6th and 7th instant:

Our position was on the left of Gladden's brigade, joining the right

