
tions, behaved themselves in a manner worthy of themselves and the glorious cause which they defended.

The non-commissioned officers and privates of the regiment, with the exception of a number for whose whereabouts I am not able to account, fought bravely to the last.

We went into the action of the 6th with 440 men.

Inclosed document A* reports the number of killed and wounded.

Inclosed document B* reports the number of guns lost and taken, with the circumstances attending.

WM. D. CHADICK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Twenty-sixth Alabama Regiment.

Major C. D. ANDERSON,

A. A. A. G., First Brig., Withers' Div., Army of the Mississippi.

No. 199 Report of Brig. Gen. James R. Chalmers, C. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS.2nd BRIG.,2nd CORPS, ARMY OF THE MISS., Corinth, Miss., April 12, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully submit the following report of the action of the troops under my command in the late engagement with the enemy near Pittsburgh, on the Tennessee River:

On the morning of the 4th instant, while in command of the advance forces at Monterey, Tenn., I received orders to hold my command ready to march at a moment's notice, and on the morning of the 5th we crossed Lick Creek and moved as far as Mickey's, or what is known as the Bark road, leading from the direction of Corinth to the Tennessee River.

In obedience to orders, my brigade was under arms and ready to march at 2 o'clock on the following morning, and stood from that time until daylight in a hard, drenching rain, as the orders to march had been countermanded on account of the darkness and extreme bad weather.

At dawn the First Brigade of this division, under command of Brigadier-Gladden, filed past me, and we, falling into its rear, moved forward until our march was arrested by the column of Major-General Hardee, the rear of which had not got in motion when we reached its encampment. After some delay we moved on to a position about 2 miles in front of the enemy's line. On reaching the ground I found our line of battle deployed, and General Gladden's brigade [which it was at first intended should be held in reserve in the second line on my right] was deployed into line of battle, and thrown forward into the first line, on the right of Major-General Hardee's command, to fill the interval between his right and Lick Creek; and there being still a vacancy between the right of General Gladden's brigade and the creek, my brigade was extended en echelon in the rear of and to the right of General Gladden, and held in line by battalions at half distance doubled on the center.

Upon an examination of the country it was apparent to me that our

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

