
rested upon the edge of Lick Creek bottom. Here again we were ordered to rest, which we did for some half hour, when we again started forward. A few skirmishers of the enemy, having secretly advanced close to our left, fired upon the Fifty-second Tennessee Regiment, which broke and fled in most shameful confusion. After repeated efforts to rally it this regiment was ordered out of the lines, where it remained during the balance of the engagement, with the exception of two companies, Captains J. A. Russell and A. N. Wilson, who, with their commands, fought gallantly in the ranks of the Fifth Mississippi Regiment.

When the orders were received from General Withers to move on, skirmishers were thrown out in front of the whole line, and placed in command of Major F. E. Whitfield, of the Ninth Mississippi Regiment, who led them with great coolness and with marked ability and skill. Our orders were to swing around, with our right resting on the creek bottom, and to drive the enemy before us toward Pittsburgh, and we accordingly moved forward, advancing most rapidly on the right and gradually wheeling the whole line. In this order we were marching when our skirmishers developed the enemy concealed behind a fence, in thick undergrowth, with an open field or orchard in his front. The width of this orchard was about 350 or 400 yards, and behind it was a very steep and perfectly abrupt hill, at the foot of which ran a small branch. At the base of this hill ran the Hamburg and Pittsburgh road, skirting the orchard at its base and then turning to the right running alongside of it, the orchard being to the right of the road. The ground from the branch to the fence, where the enemy was concealed, was a gradual ascent, and our line was in full view of the enemy from the time it crossed the stream. The Ninth Mississippi was now on the left, and there was a space of about 30 yards between its left and the Hamburg and Pittsburgh road. As soon as I discovered the position of the enemy I ordered up Gage's battery, which until now had not been engaged, and put it in position on the hill above the branch.

My line moved on across the orchard in most perfect order and splendid style, and to my great surprise not a shot was fired until we came within about 40 yards of the fence, then a heavy fire was opened on us in front, and at the same time a column was seen coming at double-quick down the Hamburg and Pittsburgh road, with the evident intention of getting in our read and cutting off the whole brigade. As soon as this column was fairly in sight, coming over the opposite hill, Gage's battery opened a well-directed fire on its head, and it was scattered in confusion, and at the same moment our infantry made a charge in front, and after a hard fight drove the enemy from his concealment, though we suffered heavily in killed and wounded.

After this fight our ammunition was exhausted, and, the wagons being some distance behind, we lost some time before it was replenished. As soon. however, as the ammunition could be distributed we moved on, with the right resting on the edge of the Tennessee River bottom, with the same orders as before.

When we had gone about a quarter of a mile we again encountered the enemy in a strong position on a hill with a deep ravine in his front, and a very stubborn fight ensued, in which we lost many gallant men, among them the Rev. M. L. Weller, chaplain of the Ninth Mississippi Regiment, a pure man and ardent patriot and a true Christian, and Captains R. J. Armstrong and T. C. K. Bostick, of the Fifth Mississippi Regiment, who fell gallantly leading on their respective companies.

Here again Gage's battery did good service, though it was some time

