
[Inclosure No. 12.]
HEADQUARTERS, June 15, 1862.

General MORGAN,Williamsburg, Ky.,

Or wherever his headquarters may be about Cumberland Ford:

General Buell desires to know what you propose to do and where you are going to concentrate your troops.

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure No. 13.]
HEADQUARTERS, June 17, 1862.

General MORGAN,Cumberland Ford:

The general cannot determine your position from the places you speak of. They are not on our maps and not known to any one here. State where you are, referring to localities mapped or generally known.

JAMES B. FRY,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

No. 2. Reports of Brig. General George W. Morgan, U. S. Army, commanding Seventh Division, Army of the Ohio.*
HDQRS. SEVENTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Cumberland Ford, April 30, 1862-10 p.m.

After a reconnaissance of a day and a half party just returned. On yesterday there was a brisk skirmish, in which we had 4 wounded. The enemy's killed and wounded were carried from the field, with the exception of 1 wounded man, whom they failed to remove. One of the enemy was mortally wounded while attempting to do so. The enemy had greatly strengthened his position, and has fourteen works on this side of the mountain. According to the prisoners, whose statements are confirmed by three deserters from Knoxville, on the 28th instant two additional regiments of infantry and 300 Indians re-enforced Cumberland Gap. Kirby Smith is said to have returned to Knoxville, where he is represented to have 5,000 men. My effective force are under 8,000-1,400 of whom are not yet armed. The reconnaissance was conducted by Acting Brigadier-General Carter and Colonel De Courcy.

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General Volunteers.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS,Cumberland Ford, June 7, 1862.

The following telegram has just been received:

SOMERSET, KY., June 7, 1862.

Brigadier-General MORGAN:

Senators W. H. Busteed and J. S. Van Winkle, both reliable men, have fled here from Monticello. They report 400 rebel cavalry in Clinton County, 250 in Burkesville,

---------------

*See also dispatches accompanying report No. 1,p.51.

---------------

