
after charge without success, but continued to fight until night closed hostilities on both sides. During this engagement Gage's battery was brought up to our assistance, but suffered so severely that it was soon compelled to retire.

This was the sixth fight in which we had been engaged during the day, and my men were too much exhausted to storm the batteries on the hill, but they were brought off in good order, formed in line of battle, and slept on the battle field, where I remained with them.

Early on the following morning I received notice that the enemy was advancing, and was ordered by General Withers to fall back about a half mile and form on the right of General Jackson's brigade and follow him over to the left, where it was supposed the fight would be. We fell back and waited for General Jackson to file past to the left, intending to follow him, as directed, but before we could get away the enemy came charging rapidly upon us, and the fight of the second day commenced. We waited quietly until the enemy advanced within easy range, when we opened fire upon him and he fled.

We then attempted to move by the left flank so as to follow General Jackson, when we were again attacked and a fight of about one hour and a half ensued, from which we retired after having exhausted our ammunition.

During this engagement Major F. E. Whitfield was severely wounded in the hip and brought to the rear.

Our ammunition wagons not being at hand, we fell back to the first camp that we had taken from the enemy, where we found an abundant supply of the appropriate caliber.

I had sent a staff officer to General Withers about an hour before for assistance, and re-enforcements now arrived, under my gallant commander, Brigadier-General Withers, who, it gives me pleasure to testify, was always found at the right place, at the right time, guiding and supporting whatever portion of his division needed assistance. I formed the re-enforcements, consisting of the Crescent Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, a Tennessee regiment, under Lieutenant-Colonel Venable, and an Alabama regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Chadick, into line and moved them forward to meet the enemy, after having turned over the command of my own brigade to Col. R. A. Smith, of the Tenth Mississippi Regiment, with instructions to hold himself 1,000 yards in the rear in reserve. The re-enforcements skirmished a while with the enemy, but when the first serious charge was made upon them they broke, and Colonel Smith was compelled to bring my brigade again to the front. The fight raged fiercely for some time, and my men were compelled to retire in some confusion, being overwhelmed by the superior number of the enemy.

After retreating about 300 yards they were rallied and drawn up in line at the foot of a hill. The enemy pursued slowly until he came within range of our fire, when he was boldly met, and in turn driven back, until we had again occupied the ground we had previously left. Here the enemy was re-enforce and the fight renewed, and we were gradually being driven back down the hill again when Col. Preston Smith arrived with the One hundred and fifty-fourth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers and Blythe's Mississippi Volunteers, who came gallantly to our assistance and took position on our right. Believing that one bold charge might change the fortunes of the day, I called upon my brigade to make one more effort, but they seemed too much exhausted to make the attempt, and no appeal seemed to arouse them. As a last resort I seized the battle-flag from the color-bearer of the

