
we were enabled to move rapidly toward our desired end. Colonel Clanton's First Regiment Alabama Cavalry held themselves on our right to support us, and though they rendered no especial service, their presence may have protected our flank from an attack; and I cannot conclude without mentioning Colonel Clanton himself, who remained almost all the times with my brigade, and, though constantly exposed to the most dangerous fire, exhibited the most fearless and exemplary courage, cheering on those who seemed inclined to falter or grow weary, and with a detachment of his cavalry supplying us with ammunition when our wagons could not reach us.

It is impossible to say with accuracy how many prisoners we took, as they were turned over to the cavalry as fast as they surrendered singly and in squads, and once in a large body without being counted; but the number cannot fall far short of 1,600. We went into the fight 2,039 strong. Of these about 400 were of the Fifty-second Tennessee Regiment, 300 of whom were not engaged in the fight, leaving us only 1,739 men. Of these we had 82 killed and 343 wounded, a return of which has been heretofore made, giving the names of the killed and wounded and the character of the wounds.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, captain, your obedient servant,

JAMES R. CHALMERS,

Brig. Gen., Comdg. Second Brigade, Withers' Div.,

Second Corps, Army of the Mississippi.

No. 200 Report of Brig. Gen. John K. Jackson, C. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade.

HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, WITHERS' DIVISION, SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Corinth, Miss., April 26, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that after a fatiguing march and great exposure to bad weather the Third Brigade, Withers' division, Second Army Corps, Army of the Mississippi, arrived at the place of rendezvous, near the battle-field of Shiloh, at about 12 o'clock on Saturday, April 5, instant.

The brigade was composed of the Second Regiment Texas Infantry, Col. J. C. Moore; the Nineteenth Alabama Regiment, Col. Joseph Wheeler; the Eighteenth Alabama Regiment, Col. Eli S. Shorter; the Seventeenth Alabama Regiment, Lieutenant. Col. Robert C. Farris, and Capt. I. P. Girardey's battery of light artillery; in the aggregate, 2,208.

The brigade was ordered to take position in the second line, on the left of General Chalmers' brigade, whose right rested on Lick Creek Swamp. The regiments were first drawn up in line of battle in the order from right to left in which they are above named, with the battery on the extreme left. The infantry were then broken by the right of companies to the front, and ordered to hold themselves in readiness to move at a moment's notice. My brigade remained in this position during the remainder of Saturday and thus bivouacked on Saturday night.

On Sunday morning [6th] the order was given for an advance. The infantry and artillery commenced the movement about daylight, moving

