
by right of companies to the front through the forest, with a view to a rapid formation at any moment by company into line. The order received and extended was that the second line should follow up the advance of the first line at a distance of about 1,000 yards in its rear and support it as occasion required, at the same time bearing off well to the right and resting upon the left of General Chalmers' brigade, gradually sweeping around by a protracted wheel of the whole line to the left, the march being rapid by the eagerness of the men to press upon the enemy, which they were urged to do fiercely and furiously. I found that the first line was soon warmly engaged; that solid shot and shell from a battery of the enemy were passing over the first line and occasionally wounding one of my men.

Advancing rapidly, I found that the engagement was between General Gladden's brigade and the enemy, and that the latter had been driven from their camps. Following on, I came up with General Gladden's brigade just beyond this camp, formed in squares. Just here heavy firing was heard to the left, and by order of General Johnston my brigade was moved in that direction, by the left flank, up a ravine. Before proceeding far another order was received to change direction and move to the right, as the enemy were deployed there. During this time Captain Girardey used his battery with effect upon a battery of the enemy which was playing on us from the brow of the hill opposite.

Moving off perhaps half a mile to the right, I took position again on the left of General Chalmers, a camp of the enemy being just opposite to my center and separated from it by a deep and almost impassable ravine. The enemy was drawn up in line at the edge of the wood which skirted his camp. Throwing forward two companies, deployed as skirmishers, a sharp fire was provoked from the enemy and returned with spirit. Girardey's battery was placed in position on the edge of the hill overlooking the enemy and his camp. By a well-directed fire of solid shot and shell he caused the enemy to waver, and the infantry, who had advanced to the bottom of the ravine, were ordered to charge. They did this with a cheer; the enemy fell back, and the camp was ours.

The enemy formed again in the skirt of wood on the opposite side of their camp ground and poured a hot fire into my line. Ordered to advance, they did so at a double-quick, charged through the camp, and again drove the enemy from his position, who rallied on the next ridge, prepared to meet us as we ascended from an almost impassable ravine and morass by which we were separated from them. Planting sections of Captain Girardey's battery in favorable position, I directed him to open fire upon the enemy. This order was promptly executed, and after a spirited cannonade, well responded to, the enemy began to waver, and the infantry again charged with a like successful result.

At this point General Breckinridge rode up and requested me to come to his relief. Upon inquiring of him I learned that the point at which he desired relief was in the direction of my advance, according to General Withers' orders. I assured General Breckinridge that I would be there as soon as the enemy, who continued to oppose me with a stubborn resistance, could be driven before me. For a mile and a half or more this fighting was uninterrupted, save when the enemy were retiring to reform.

By this time, gradually swinging or wheeling around, my brigade was moving towards the front occupied at daylight in the morning, having completely outflanked the enemy and driving him back without pause. Drawn up now behind the rails of a worm fence, on the

