
opposite side of a field, he hoped to stay our progress by a murderous fire as my men covered the open space. But the effort was fruitless of the desired results and our advance was unchecked. The engagement in the woods beyond the field was the hottest of the day, and while progressing General Chalmers rode up to me and informed me that he had turned over that fight to my brigade and that his was resting. One of my regiments, retiring for want of ammunition, was rallied and sent back into the contest, with orders to use the bayonet. Immediately afterwards General Gladden's brigade was ordered to my support, but before becoming actively engaged the enemy displayed a white flag.

An officer of the Texas regiment was sent to receive the surrender, which he did, along with several of the swords of officers. Cavalry being sent around to our right, took charge of the prisoners [about 1,500 in number] and carried them to the rear. Colonel Shorter, with his regiment, was ordered to carry these prisoners to Corinth, which was done.

My brigade was ordered to change direction again, face towards Pittsburg, where the enemy appeared to have made his last stand, and to advance upon him, General Chalmers' brigade being again on my right, and extending to the swamp of the Tennessee River. Without ammunition and with only their bayonets to rely on, steadily my men advanced under a heavy fire from light batteries, siege pieces, and gunboats. Passing through the ravine, they arrived near the crest of the opposite hill upon which the enemy's batteries were, but could not be urged farther without support. Sheltering themselves against the precipitous sides of the ravine, they remained under this fire for some time.

Finding an advance without support impracticable, remaining there under fire useless, and believing any further forward movement should be made simultaneously along our whole line, I proceeded to obtain orders from General Withers, but before seeing him was ordered by a staff officer to retire. This order was announced to me as coming from General Beauregard, and was promptly communicated to my command.

In the darkness of the night which had fallen upon us my regiments became separated from each other, Colonel Farris, with the Seventeenth Alabama, falling back to the line occupied by us in the morning, Colonel Moore, with the Second Texas, and Colonel Wheeler, with the Nineteenth Alabama, taking a different position, and the battery, with which I remained, falling back to Shiloh Church. Colonel Shorter, with the Eighteenth Alabama, had taken the prisoners to Corinth. Thus closed Sunday, April 6, upon my brigade.

On Monday morning my battery was early sent into action, but as I saw no more of it until after the order to retire, I refer to the accompanying report of Captain Girardey. So also as to the regiments, I refer to the reports of their respective commanders. Finding myself without a command after diligent search for it, I was requested by some staff officer, not now recollected, to take command of three new regiments near the road below Shiloh Church, to rally all stragglers upon them, and be ready to move up at any moment. This was done as far as possible, it being very difficult to make men reform after they have lost their pride sufficiently to obtain their consent to flee. Two lines at different points were thus formed, but never required for action, as the enemy did not pursue.

Returning, I found Colonel Farris' Seventeenth Alabama, commanded

