
by General Breckinridge, and used by him to stop stragglers and form another line at the place of our halt on Sunday. Passing on towards Monterey, where I consulted with General Chalmers as to the disposition of some prisoners and as to his remaining there, I arrived at Corinth at 11.30 o'clock on Monday night.

One stand of colors, captured by Colonel Wheeler's Nineteenth Alabama, two by Lieutenant-Colonel Farris' Seventeenth Alabama, and three by Captain Girardey's company, have been returned.

Where all the Girardey's company, have been returned.

Where all the officers of my command, with a few exceptions, conducted themselves so well, I could not mention any particularly without doing the injustice of silence to others. To the officers of my staff I am indebted for their courage, accuracy, and activity.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

JOHN K. JACKSON,

Brig. Gen., Comdg. Third Brigade, Withers' Division,

Second Army Corps, Army of the Mississippi.

No. 201 Report of Col. John C. Moore, Second Texas Infantry, commanding temporary brigade.

CAMP, NEAR CORINTH, MISS., April 21, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on arriving near the enemy's lines on Monday, the 7th instant, I was placed by General Withers in command of a brigade, composed of the Second Texas and Nineteenth and Twenty-first Alabama Regiments.

Up to this date I have received no reports from the commanders of regiments. Being only nominally in command of an irregular organization, reports of the action may have been made to other commanders.

Before advancing, an officer and staff rode up and inquired for General Withers. The general not being present just then, the officer gave orders to throw forward two companies as skirmishers, cover out front, learn the position of the enemy, and then fall back.

On asking from whom I received this order I was answered, "General Hardee." The order was given, but before execution was countermanded by the same authority. The brigade then moved forward, under the personal direction of General Hardee and staff, with a careful warning that General Breckinridge was in our front engaging the enemy.

After advancing some 200 yards a large force was seen in our front and to the right, but in a thick woods. This force was still believed to be our friends, and the caution again and again given not to fire, as they were Breckinridge's men. The left wing of the brigade, passing through an open field, were now considerably in advance of the right, which passed through a thicket of low, small brushwood.

We soon learned that a truly sad mistake had been made respecting the force in front, for, permitting us to come up near their lines where they had a deadly cross-fire on our left wing, still an open field, the enemy, from the shelter in the woods, now poured into the whole line a most murderous fire. So sudden was the shock and so unexpected was the character of our supposed friends, that the whole line soon gave way from right to left in utter confusion. The regiments became so scattered and mixed that all efforts to reform them became fruitless. Many

