
No. 203 Report of Col. Joseph Wheeler, Nineteenth Regiment Alabama Infantry.

HDQRS. NINETEENTH REGIMENT ALABAMA VOLS., Camp, three miles from Field of Shiloh, Tenn., April 12, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with General Orders, No.-, from headquarters of this army, I have the honor to state that, on the morning of the 6th instant, the Nineteenth Regiment Alabama Volunteers formed a part of General Jackson's brigade, the second from the right of the second line of battle.

When the first line opened the engagement a few of our men were wounded by the scattering shots of the enemy. We were then ordered forward and entered the more advanced Federal camps behind the first line. We were then directed to move about a mile to the right and front, where we formed in the first line of battle, in which we continued during the remainder of the day. At this point General A. S. Johnston ordered the regiment of the day. At this point General A. S. Johnston ordered the regiment, with his own lips, to charge the camps of the Fifty-ninth Illinois Regiment, to do which it was necessary to pass down a deep ravine and mount a steep hill on the other side.

This duty was performed by the regiment, under a heavy fire from a screened foe, with rapidity, regularity, and cool gallantry. But little resistance was offered after reaching the camps, as the enemy fled before us to the crest of another ravine back of us, and about 200 yards from their camp. After forming line in the face of the enemy we were ordered to lie down, while the artillery was placed in position to our rear and fired over our heads sufficient to shake their line.

The regiment then moved forward rapidly, driving the enemy before it and dislodging him from every place he attempted to make a stand, taking several prisoners and killing and wounding a large number.

It was now about 3 o'clock in the afternoon. The regiment had been marching and fighting since 6.30 a.m., had been through three of the enemy's camps, and in three distinct engagements. The enemy being now driven from all their positions on our right, we were ordered to march to the left and center, where a heavy fire was going on. The regiment changed front forward on the tenth company, and marched rapidly by the right of companies to the front some 1 1/2 or 2 miles in the direction indicated, coming up on the left of General Chalmers' brigade.

The regiment, while marching through a burning wood, encountered a heavy fire from the enemy, who were drawn a burning wood, encountered a heavy fire from the enemy, who were drawn up in front of and to the right of a large camp, which fire the regiment returned with effect.

I was here met by General Chalmers, who told me his brigade was worn-out and overpowered by superior numbers, and said the troops must move to his assistance. The regiment then moved quickly to and in advance of his left, and dislodged the enemy from a strong position they had taken in large force, screened by a ridge and house. We advanced about 200 yards, the enemy having retreated a short distance to another hill, where they were re-enforced, and in a great measure secured from our fire.

The regiment here exhibited an example of cool, heroic courage which would do credit to soldiers of long experience in battle. Subjected as they were to a deadly fire of artillery and a cross-fire of infantry, they stood their ground with firmness and delivered their fire rapidly, but with cool deliberation and good effect. During this fire, General Chalmers' brigade having retired from our view, finding it necessary to move to the right, in order to support Colonel Moore, who

