
had just come up with his regiment [the Second Texas], we were met by a new and warm fire, which was vigorously returned.

At this moment the enemy raised a white flag, which caused us to slacken our fire, but as a large force of theirs to the left of our front continued a heavy fire [probably not knowing that their commander had surrendered], I moved the regiment a few yards obliquely to the rear to secure a more favorable position. This fire was soon silenced. Our cavalry moved up and conducted the prisoners [amounting to about 3,000 men] out before us.

The regiment was then ordered to take charge of these prisoners and started with them to the rear, but was halted and formed in line, with orders to charge the enemy to the river; but after passing through the deep ravine below the lowest camps we were halted within about 400 yards of the river, and remained ready to move forward for about half an hour, when night came on, and we were ordered to the rear, and were assigned to bivouac by General Withers.

During all of this movement the regiment was under a heavy fire from their gunboats and other artillery.

The regiment slept on their arms during the night. Early next morning General Hardee came up with a body of troops and directed me to join him. After moving back a short distance we were met by General Withers, who took immediate command of a brigade of which the Nineteenth Regiment formed a part, and ordered us to move forward to support General Breckinridge. On reaching the ground we were placed on General Hardee's left, and by his order the regiment was deployed as skirmishers before his entire command.

After being again assembled the regiment again advanced and engaged the enemy.

About 11 o'clock General Chalmers' brigade came to our position, and we remained attached to his brigade, continually engaging the enemy, until we were ordered to retire in the evening, when we followed his brigade a short distance to the rear. General Withers here directed me to form a brigade by joining my regiment to some other troops, which he placed under my command. After the remainder of the army had passed to the rear of this brigade the final order was given for the brigade to retire.

This is a brief and necessarily imperfect report of the action of the regiment during the time called for by your order.

Too high praise cannot be accredited to the company officers and men for their conduct during the entire engagement. Exposed, as they had been for two nights previous, to drenching rains, without tents and with little covering, they were, of course, somewhat jaded, but at the first sound of the enemy's guns they moved forward with a cheerful alacrity and good order that showed clearly that it was such music as they loved. Under fire almost incessantly the first day, they moved from one position to another as they were ordered, not only with firmness, but with enthusiasm.

On Monday some of the officers and men were so exhausted as to be unable longer to endure the fatigues of the march and battle and the remainder evinced the most untiring endurance and excellent courage.

The list of casualties herewith presented, amounting to 33 1/3 per cent. of the aggregate strength of the regiment, both officers and men, on the 6th instant, testifies with sufficient eloquence to the patriotic devotion of the Nineteenth Alabama Regiment. One stand of the enemy's colors was taken by the regiment, which has been previously forwarded.

