
The gallant and heroic courage of the field and staff-Lieutenant. Col. E. K. Tracy, Major S. K. McSpadden, and Adjt. Clifton Walker-were conspicuous. Adjutant Walker was wounded on the 6th and retired from the field. Lieutenant-Colonel Tracy had his horse shot under him on Monday, and during the entire two days exhibited marked coolness and noble bearing. He, together with Major McSpadden, remained with the regiment from the beginning of the engagement Sunday morning until its termination Monday evening. Lieutenants Solomon Palmer, R. H. Hagood, J. N. Barry, J. E. Nabers, D. C. Hodo, W. H. Anderson, and B. L. Porter, and Sergt. Maj. P. L. Griffitts also remained with the regiment through the entire two days and displayed commendable fortitude and manly courage.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. WHEELER,

Colonel, Commanding Nineteenth Regiment Alabama Volunteers.

Capt. J. B. CUMMINGS,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Third Brigade, Withers' Division.

No. 204 Reports of Col. John C. Moore, Second Texas Infantry.

HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT TEXAS INFANTRY, Camp, near Corinth, Miss., April 19, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Second Regiment Texas Infantry in the battle of Shiloh on the 6th instant:

In justice to my regiment permit me to say that no other regiment entered the fight on that day under more unfavorable circumstances than the Second Texas.

Leaving Houston, Tex., on March 12, we arrived here on April 1, after a long and exhausting march.

Remaining in camp but one day, we left on the 3rd for the field of Shiloh. Not having received the provisions ordered for the regiment, we left with a short two and a half day's rations. By Saturday morning our provisions were all exhausted, yet the men moved forward with light hearts and buoyant spirits without a murmur of complaint.

By this time many who had left camp with worn-out shoes became totally barefooted, and many of the men, as well as some of the officers, returned to camp after the battle in their bare feet.

Early on the morning of the 6th, while the regiment acted as a support to General Hardee's division, we lost 1 man killed and 2 or 3 wounded.

At about 8.30 o'clock we moved to the right, and took position in the front line of battle on the left of General Chalmers' brigade. This brought us near a small stream, which I was told is known as Lick Creek.

Soon after we took position the enemy, deployed as skirmishers, opened fire on our line, wounding two or three of our men and also mortally wounding Captain Brooks, who was carried to the rear, and died on the 8th.

The enemy being concealed behind trees and logs, Captain Smith was ordered to deploy his company as skirmishers, cover our front, and

