
ascertain the precise position of the enemy. At the same time Captain Girardey's battery was thrown forward, and by firing into the woods seemed to disperse the enemy's forces.

Being now ordered to advance, we proceeded some 200 or 300 yards to the brow of a hill, where the enemy appeared in considerable force within range of our guns, but on the opposite side of a narrow bottom of low land. Opening fie, we advanced to the foot of the hill, when I gave the command, "Double-quick," which being done, the right of the regiment passing through an open field under a fire, we reached the brow of the opposite hill and halted. We were now near the enemy's camp and under the fire of a large force at a short distance in front, sheltering themselves in houses which were in front of their camp. Seeing the right of our regiment suffering severely and the advantage of the enemy in their sheltered position, I again gave the order, "Charge," which was well done, driving the enemy before us from the camp, killing and wounding a considerable number and taking 6 prisoners. On reaching the road passing through the encampment we were fired on by a large force to our right from behind or through openings in a collection of farm houses. As the enemy seemed intending to turn our right flank we fell back some 50 yards, protected from their fire by rising ground in front. Here we changed direction to the right and again charged the enemy, driving them from the houses across a ravine and over the opposite hill. On reaching the ravine we halted, Captain Girardey's battery having opened a fire from the hill in our rear, the shots passing over our heads. While in this position Colonel Chalmers' forces were engaging the enemy to our right. They were exposed to a galling fie from a large force, and, though fighting like heroes, seemed at last to be giving back, and Captain Girardey's battery suffering severely at the same time, Adjutant Mangoom, a brave and efficient officer, was ordered to request the battery to cease firing, that we might advance to the assistance of the Mississippians without being exposed to the fire of our own guns. The space between the right of Colonel Wheeler's regiment and the left of General Chalmers' brigade being sufficient for a line of only three companies, I ordered forward Captains Smith, McGinnis, and Christian, with their companies. They advanced at a double-quick, and after a short but severe engagement routed the enemy, being supported by the other companies of the regiment close in the rear of the line. As we passed over the ground in front the number of dead and wounded showed that our balls had done fearful execution in the ranks of the enemy.

The line being now reformed, after crossing a deep ravine we were ordered to sweep around by a slow wheel to the westward and proceed to where we now heard a heavy fire of artillery and musketry. After proceeding in this direction for perhaps half a mile we came up to a force covering our entire front and to the right and left as far as we could see through the woods. In this position the right wing of our regiment rested in a deep ravine, the left on a high hill, exposed to a very heavy fire, which passed over or through the ranks of our friends in front.

Here we halted and ordered the men to lie down, but remained in this position but a few minutes, amid a perfect shower of balls, wounding several of the men, though prostrate on the ground. The left wing being now thrown into some confusion under a fire which they could not return, it fell back some 50 yards and reformed. The command "Forward" was given immediately, and on coming up again to the first

36 R R-VOL X

