
position it was found that the right wing had advanced as the left fell back. Being but a short distance in the rear, the left advanced at a double-quick and soon joined the other in certainly one of the most brilliant actions of the day.

We think we may be permitted to say that the regiment had already done noble work, yet this last and closing action of the day may be remembered with pride by the officers and men of the Second Texas Infantry. They charged the camp with a shout in the face of the enemy's artillery and musketry, and though they met an obstinate resistance, they soon drove the enemy from their encampment into the woods beyond, taking some 5 or 6 prisoners on the ground.

On reaching the northwestern side of the encampment, where we were still engaging the enemy, a Federal officer [a colonel] came dashing up near our lines and cried out, "Boys, for God's sake stop firing, you are killing your friends." The boys, not being deceived, ordered him to halt as he dashed off, but declining to accept the invitation, he soon fell dead, with his horse. At this place our men also shot an officer who was driving off at a furious rate in a buggy. On being shot he sprang to his feet and fell backward from his buggy. We now observed the enemy in force, formed in line to the front and left of us, and supposing from their position that it was their intention to try to turn our left flank and cut us off from our forces on that side, the interval on the left being at that time very considerable, we fell back about 100 yards to the left and rear, still keeping up a fire at long range. While the line was thus being formed the cry "White flag" was raised, the command "Cease firing" given, and in a few minutes an officer, unknown to us, rode up and said that a force of 1,000 of the enemy wished to surrender to the Texas regiment. At this time a regiment of cavalry passed between us and the prisoners, and before we could get further information on the subject they were in the hands of other parties. This caused our men much regret, as they had just had an obstinate contest with these very men, and we feel certain it was their colonel who was shot from his horse, as he rode directly from their position on approaching ours.

Capt. Ashbel Smith was wounded severely in the arm at this camp. He had borne himself with great gallantry during the day, and we thus lost for the present the services of a brave and excellent officer.

From this point we marched to the eastward, toward the Tennessee River. As we were about marching a shell from the enemy fell and exploded in our ranks, mortally wounding 2 men of Captain Owen's company. After advancing about half a mile we came to a deep ravine, and found ourselves in front of a heavy battery of the enemy at the distance of 400 or 500 yards on our front. They opened on us a fire of shot and shell, which did but little damage, as the balls generally passed over our heads and across the ravine. After having kept up this fire for a considerable time they then changed the position of some of their guns, placing them so as to bring on us a raking fire up the ravine from our right. Seeing this state of things, we made a rapid retreat from our unpleasant position and proceeded back to the camp last taken, having been told that we would here receive further orders. It was dark when we reached camp, and after waiting an hour or so we bivouacked near this encampment in a drenching rain. First Lieutenant. Daniel Gallaher was sent to look for ammunition soon after we took this camp. He did not return, and is supposed to have been taken prisoner.

After having passed the night in the rain, and having had our sleep

