
occasionally disturbed by the bursting of a shell in our vicinity, we proceeded early the next morning about half a mile and joined Colonel Wheeler's regiment. Here we received orders from General Withers to march again to meet the enemy. After marching some 2 miles we halted near the enemy's lines, and having been place in command of a brigade, I turned over that of the regiment to Lieutenant Col. W. P. Rogers.

Lieutenant-Colonel Rogers and Major H. G. Runnels, of this regiment, did their duty nobly on the 6th, and we doubt not their coolness and courage attracted the attention of the general commanding. The company officers, so far as we could observe, with one exception-Lieutenant Foster, now under arrest-performed their respective parts bravely; so much so, indeed, that it seems to me if I should mention favorably only a portion of them I would be doing injustice to the others.

Accompanying this report I have the honor to submit a list of the killed, wounded, and missing on the 6th.*

This report is much longer than I intended it to be when I commenced, but I trust you will at least excuse this, perhaps its least fault.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. MOORE,

Colonel Second Regiment Texas Infantry.

Capt. J. B. CUMMINGS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Withers' Division.

P. S.-I have omitted to state that at the last camp taken by our regiment we captured two pieces of artillery, but having shot the horses, and the cannoneers making their escape on foot, we were unable to bring them off the field.

HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, WITHERS' DIVISION, Camp, near Corinth, Miss., April 25, 1862.

SIR: Having heard that the Second Regiment Texas Infantry, of which am proud to have the honor of being colonel, has been spoken of as having acted badly on the field of battle on the morning of the 7th instant, I feel it my duty, in justice to the regiment, to make the following special report for the information of the general commanding the Second Corps, Army of the Mississippi:+

As stated in my former report, I was not in command of my regiment on that day, having been placed by General Withers in command of a brigade, composed of the Nineteenth and Twenty-first Alabama and the Second Texas Regiments. Having formed the brigade in line of battle, as ordered [the Twenty-first Alabama on the right, the Second Texas in the center, and the Nineteenth Alabama on the left], a general officer and staff rode up and inquired for General Withers, who had just left our position. He ordered me to throw forward skirmishers, cover our front, feel the position of the enemy, and then fall back. On asking from whom I received the order, I was answered "General Hardee." The order was immediately given for deploying the skirmishers, but before it could be executed it was countermanded, and the brigade, except a part of the Nineteenth Alabama, which acted

---------------

*Not found.

+See Hardee's report of October 29, No. 206.

---------------

