
in the rear of a camp that was located about the center of the first line of their camps. One of my cannoneers, after the engagement, went to where the battery was stationed and returned with its colors, which I forwarded to General Withers, commanding Second Division.

After leaving this camp I received orders to take position in front of the brigade on a hill facing the camp of the enemy. In placing the battery in position I observed some of the enemy's skirmishers stationed behind trees in a deep ravine on the left and front of the hill. This fact was clearly established, as I was fired at by several, and immediately Lieutenant A. Speliers, of my company, shot one of them with a Yankee rifle that was taken from the enemy by one of my cannoneers. I reported the same to the general commanding the brigade, and asked for skirmishers to encounter the enemy while placing my guns in a position to fire down the ravine, which request was complied with.

In this engagement Lieutenants Barnes' and Speliers' sections were brought into action. The other could not be placed in an advantageous position. We first fired some canister upon the enemy in the ravine and then shelled their camp. We consequently sustained no loss in this engagement. From this place we pushed forward on the enemy's camp, from which they had retreated and formed on a ridge on the right, where they were screened by a dense growth of bushes. I placed four pieces of my battery fronting the enemy at a distance of about 100 yards and two pieces flanking them on the right. We commenced firing with canister, which we continued to use with terrible effect, they resisting us with desperate valor.

In this engagement Lieutenant. J. J. Jacobus fell mortally wounded while gallantly commanding his section. Gunner A. Roesel was killed while aiming his gun. Both were shot through the forehead by rifle or musket balls. Lieutenant. C. Speath was wounded in the right arm. John Halbert was shot through both arms. J. T. Nethercut was shot through the neck, and Thomas J. Murphy and S. A. Ingalls in the hip, all bravely engaged at their posts. Our loss in this engagement would have been greater had it not been for the brave charge made by the regiment under our gallant commander, Brigadier-General Jackson. In three subsequent engagements during the day we sustained no loss excepting 2 horses wounded. A limber of one of my pieces being disabled, I took one from the broken battery captured in the morning's engagement of the enemy and attached it to my gun; also replenished my stock of ammunition from that of the enemy. The Yankee ammunition is in capital order, especially the friction tubes, which are superior to ours. They were of good service in our subsequent engagements.

On Monday morning, the 7th instant, my battery being separated from the brigade, I proceeded forward toward the enemy's lines. Approaching Brigadier-General Cleburne's command, I discovered the enemy's line in the woods beyond an open field. They attempted to form in the rear of General Cleburne's command, who was stationed on my right. I took position directly in front of the enemy and engaged them for a few minutes, when they shifted their position, fronting General Cleburne's command. I then changed front to the right to support General Cleburne, whose forces had made no demonstration to prevent the enemy's position. The enemy's battery opened a heavy fire upon us, killing 2 of my horses and disabling several; also wounding 2 of my cannoneers [P. C. Buckley by a shell, and B. Wolfe by a musket-ball], flesh wounds; both in action at their posts.

Having expended the ammunition of the two pieces engaged, the caissons of the same being detained in passing a branch of a ravine, I

