
ordered them to fall back, and withdrew the three that were in charge of Lieutenants Barnes and Speliers to form on the right. [During the movement the infantry engaged the enemy.] They, having lost several horses, were compelled to leave one of their pieces. I returned to get my piece, and in passing the enemy's camp, near the open field, I perceived the enemy moving toward our left, and I immediately engaged them, and was joined by Captain Robertson's battery, without any support of infantry near. In the midst of a heavy and fierce fire of the enemy's battery I received orders to cease firing. Our brigade [Third] just then passing, I joined and followed them, in accordance with orders, under the impression to make an attack upon some other point. I was then called on to detail my cannoneers to man a battery in General Breckinridge's command, with which I complied.

We arrived in camp on Tuesday, the 8th instant, and on the 9th received orders to return to Monterey.

It was impossible for the entire battery to proceed forward on account of the used-up and worn-out condition of our horses; also much of our harness being broken and unserviceable. One section is now, and has been since that time, on duty at Monterey.

I omitted to state that, at the place of engagement where Lieutenant Jacobus fell, Corporal Hughes captured a banner and Private Hill a marker's flag, which I forwarded to General Withers. I also forwarded nine muskets to the ordnance department.

Corp. J. Van Dohlan, of my company, during the entire actions of both days, gave evidence of distinguished courage and bravery.

In conclusion, allow me to state that the entire command throughout the action fought with cool and determined bravery, and I trust contributed much toward our successful efforts on the battle-field. I remain, captain, with high consideration, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. P. GIRARDEY,

Captain, Comdg. Washington Light Artillery, Ga. Vols.

Capt. J. B. CUMMINGS,

A. A. A. G.,3rd Brig., Withers' Div., C. S. Army of the Miss.

No. 206 Reports of Lieutenant. Gen. William J. Hardee, C. S. Army, commanding Third Corps.

HDQRS. HARDEE'S CORPS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Tullahoma, Tenn., February 7, 1863.

GENERAL: After the fall of Fort Donelson the commanding general, Albert Sidney Johnston, having successfully achieved his retreat through Tennessee amid many difficulties, rapidly concentrated all his remaining forces at Corinth, for the purpose of inflicting a decisive blow upon the enemy. The position was important from being the center of the railroad communications passing southwardly from the Ohio River, through Western Tennessee, to the Gulf of Mexico, and from the Mississippi River eastwardly to the Atlantic. Marshes and muddy streams in its vicinity rendered it difficult to approach and make it strong and defensible.

The enemy, flushed with their recent success, moved forward to conquer the territory on the left of the Mississippi. Large forces were

