
not care a damn what I might call them. So far as I know the regiment did not return to the field on that day.*

Captain Clare's report is herewith inclosed. Lieutenant Kearney, the only other staff officer I had with me at the time, is now, I regret to say, absent in Arkansas. His testimony; as I know, would confirm all that I have stated.

These facts I stated substantially to the Hon. James Phelan at Tupelo. I did not state to him, however, that while attempting to rally this regiment I received from it a volley by which "I expected to be riddled." I made no attempt in person to rally this regiment. On another occasion on the same day, while attempting to rally another regiment, I was fired into by it. This statement I made to the honorable Senator, and in relating it he probably confounded one with the other.

I do not remember to have requested Senator Phelan, in the event Colonel Moore's regiment was reported by me orally to my superiors, Generals Beauregard and Bragg, immediately after the battle of Shiloh.

Being present at a review of General Price's army near Tupelo, and seeing "Shiloh" conspicuously emblazoned on the colors of the Second Texas Regiment, I told General Little, to whose brigade it was attached, the facts concerning the conduct of this regiment at Shiloh, and requested him to communicate what I had said to Colonel Moore, desiring him, at the same time, to say to Colonel Moore that if he had any explanation to make I would be glad to receive it. I have never heard, in this connection, from either General Little or Colonel Moore. I have no personal acquaintance with Colonel Moore, nor have I any desire to injure him or to interfere with his promotion, if he deserves it.

I have the honor to be, general, with high respect, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General C. S. Army.

[Inclosure.]

KNOXVILLE, TENN., October 29, 1862.

GENERAL: In reply to your communication, asking of me a statement in reference to the conduct of the Second Regiment Texas Volunteers on Monday at the battle of Shiloh, I have the honor to submit the following:

While with you in the capacity of volunteer aide-de-camp, when forming line of battle early on Monday morning of the battle of Shiloh, your ordered a regiment, designating it as the Second Texas Regiment, which I understood to be commanded by Colonel Moore, to take its position in line of battle, and noticing the slowness with which the order was executed, you remarked, "Those men don't move as if they would fight," or to that effect. I was surprised at such a doubt entertained of Texas troops and think I so expressed myself. Shortly after the line of battle referred to was formed it became engaged, and before the regiment could have had time to reload after the first fire-if, indeed, all the arms had been discharged once, of which I am by no means certain-it broken and fled in disorder to the rear. You turned to me

---------------

*See Moore's report, No. 204.

---------------

