
and others, crying out, "Stop those men-the cowards!" or words of similar import. This I attempted to do, but was unable to rally the regiment or to induce a single man to return to the field. While endeavoring to execute the order I saw a commissioned officer and some men of the regiment sheltering themselves behind a tree. These I ordered to the front, but they refused to stir; and when the officer was upbraided with his conduct and told of what you said, he replied that he didn't care a damn. At this point I was severely wounded and left the field.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. CLARE,

Major and Inspector-General, Second Division,

Left Wing, Army of the Mississippi.

Major-General W. J. HARDEE,

Commanding, &amp;c.

No. 207 Report of Col. R. G. Shaver, Seventh Arkansas Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, HINDMAN'S DIVISION, THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, April 12, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the engagement of April 6 and 7.

On the morning of April 5, and in compliance with instructions previously received, my command, composed of the Sixth, Second, and Seventh Arkansas, and Third Confederate Regiments, the artillery and cavalry having been detached, was moved forward to the first line, and deployed to the right of the corps and in the following order: Third Confederate on the right, Seventh Arkansas on the left, Sixth Arkansas on the right center, and Second Arkansas on the left center. In this position the command remained for the day and night.

Between daylight and sunrise on the morning of the 6th I received orders to advance in the direction of the enemy, and when I had advanced about a mile my skirmishers were fired upon by the enemy's, which was returned briskly and with effect, and resulted in the enemy's skirmishers being gradually driven back. A steady advance was made, the enemy's skirmishers meanwhile contesting the ground, but no very persistent resistance was offered until my command had advanced to within about a half mile of the enemy's encampments. As we were ascending the second ridge from the enemy's encampment a brisk fire was opened upon us, but being returned with determination by my skirmishers the enemy quickly retired, suffering my command to reach the crest of the ridge without material opposition.

In passing the declivity of the second ridge and ascending the ridge in front of the enemy's encampment my command was subjected to a galling fire and my skirmishers driven in. Pressing forward, the crest of the ridge overlooking the enemy's line and encampment was soon reached, the enemy found in heavy force, and the battle commenced. The enemy's fire was terrific and told with terrible effect, and was returned with a spirited determination and energy that threw the enemy into confusion in the end.

