
The conflict was very sanguinary. In the mean time Captain Swett's battery took position on my right and opened a destructive fire on the enemy's lines and camps. It soon became apparent that unless something was done to relieve Captain Swett his battery would be rendered useless, as his men were falling fast, and I so stated to General Hindman. I was ordered to immediately charge the enemy's line and camp. The order to charge was given and promptly and cheerfully responded to by the officers and men. The enemy broke and fled in dismay, my men pursuing them through their camps and to the ravine beyond. Here the order was given to halt and reform the line. Colonel Marmaduke, in pursuit of the enemy having become detached to the right, was ordered to rejoin the command. The camp captured, from what I could afterward learn, I take to be Peabody's brigade. After reforming my line I was ordered to make an oblique change of front to the left, with the view of making an attack upon an encampment to the left and the rear of the camp just captured, but before making any considerable advance I was ordered to make a flank movement to the left, reform my line, as at first, and dislodge the enemy, who were in strong force in a woods some 300 yards in front and supported on their right by a battery. Between my command and the enemy was a large field some 200 yards wide. In making this charge my command was subjected to a heavy and destructive fire and the field was strewn with my dead and wounded. Before the woods could be reached the enemy field.

In occupying the position thus abandoned by the enemy my right wing was very much exposed to the fire of their sharpshooters. To my extreme right the enemy appeared in considerable force, of which fact I apprised General Bragg, and asked for a battery to play on them. Captain Swett was ordered to take position on my right and open on the enemy's lines. In reply, the enemy opened upon my command from a battery in front and one to the right, subjecting me to a cross-fire. At this particular juncture we were deprived of the presence and service of General Hindman; his horse was killed under him by a canon-ball and himself disabled by the concussion of the ball and the fall of his horse. Upon reporting the fact of my ammunition being nearly expended and my men being very much exhausted, having been almost constantly engaged since early in the morning, I was ordered to repair to the enemy's camp, supply my men with ammunition, rest my men, and await further orders.

It was now between 1 and 2 o'clock in the afternoon. After supplying my command with ammunition [with the exception of Colonel Hawthorn, who, as he reports, was detached by order of General Bragg] I was ordered to make a movement to the right and dislodge the enemy, who were posted in considerable force in a dense undergrowth in a heavy woods to the rear and right of the encampment first captured. On the enemy's right was a battery of the presence of which [so completely was it concealed] I was not aware until it opened. Instructions were given me as to what direction my line should take. I pressed forward, the enemy remaining close and quiet until my left was within about 50 and my right within about 60 yards from their lines [a dense undergrowth intervening], when a terrific and murderous fire was poured in upon me from their lines and battery. It was impossible to charge through the dense undergrowth, and I soon discovered my fire was having no effect upon the enemy, so I had nothing left me but to retire or have my men all shot down; I drew off, the enemy still holding their position.

