
It was here that Lieutenant-Colonel Dean, commanding the Seventh Arkansas Regiment, was killed. He was a brave and gallant officer and his loss a serious one.

Upon reporting to General Bragg my inability to dislodge the enemy and that my command was very much cut up, I was ordered to fall back, reform my command, and await orders. I soon received orders to advance on the road to Pittsburg, but had only advanced a short distance when I received orders to return and encamp my command for the night.

Early on the morning of the 7th I received orders to form my command on the Bark road and await orders. After some considerable time I was ordered to advance to support our lines, which were then deploying to the left. As I was moving up to supporting distance, I was ordered to move by flank to the left and form on the right of Cheatham's brigade. An advance was made in connection with the line on my left and the enemy driven back, abandoning their batteries, but retiring in tolerable order.

Receiving re-enforcements, the enemy returned and opened upon us a terrific and murderous fire, and in time compelled us to fall back. Considerable disorder and confusion prevailed, the commands becoming mixed up. In attempting to rally the men and reform the line I was stricken down and rendered senseless by the explosion of a shell, and when I came to my senses was alone, neither friend nor foe being in sight. I have no recollection of anything that occurred on that day and very little of what happened on the next.

I cannot speak in too high terms of the gallant conduct of Colonel Marmaduke. His coolness and self-possession were remarkable. He held his men well in hand, and managed his command skillfully and efficiently.

Major Harvey displayed great gallantry, as also did Captain Martin, of Company A, Seventh Arkansas Regiment.

I am pleased to be able to say that the great majority of the officers and men of my command behaved well and deserve commendation, while, on the other hand, I regret exceedingly that a few men of my command ingloriously fled the field at the commencement of the fight.

Before engaging the enemy on the morning of the 7th, one regiment of my command [the Seventh Arkansas] was ordered by an aide of General Beauregard to remain and support a battery, and while my command was being deployed to the left, the Third Confederate, Colonel Marmaduke, was detached to support our forces, which were hotly pressed on the right.

Accompanying this report will be found a report of the killed, wounded, and missing of the several infantry regiments of my command. Colonels Hawthorn and Marmaduke have submitted reports of the part taken by their respective commands in the action.

Lieutenant-Colonel Dean having been killed and Major Martin having resigned shortly after the battle, no report has been made from the Seventh Arkansas Regiment. Colonel Govan, having been taken very sick after returning, was not able to make a report of the action of the Second Arkansas. The Seventh and Second both did good, effective service, and were well fought by their respective commanders. The Seventh and Sixth Arkansas labored under great disadvantage during the engagement; being armed with flint and steel muskets, they were rarely able to do any execution, the enemy always endeavoring to fight us at long range. It is with great difficulty that men can be made to stand their ground when they are suffering from the fire of their adversaries

