
and are in possession of the knowledge that from the inefficiency of their pieces they are doing no execution in return.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. G. SHAVER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Capt. W. D. PICKETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 208 Report of Major R. T. Harvey, Second Arkansas Infantry.

CAMP, NEAR CORINTH, MISS., April 12, 1862.

Pursuant to General Orders, No. 9, I have the honor to offer the following report of the conduct of the Second Regiment Arkansas Volunteers in the actions of the 6th and 7th:

The men were called into line at daylight on the 6th. Captains Boyd's and Warfield's and Lieutenant Collins' companies were sent forward as skirmishers, and meeting the enemy about one-quarter of a mile from camp engaged them for one hour, doing good service, when General Hindman ordered his columns forward. The companies deployed as skirmishers rejoining their regiment, the whole line charged the enemy's camp and drove them 300 yards, when the firing ceased.

I am not able to say precisely what was our loss in that portion of the engagement, but it was not very serious.

I have the honor to state that in that engagement the officers and men conducted themselves gallantly.

The brigade was next ordered to move about half a mile by the left flank into an old farm, where we lost several men from the enemy's batteries.

The columns were then ordered to charge through an open field about three-quarters of a mile, exposed all the while to the fire of the enemy; but all moved forward with unexampled courage, with shouts and cheers, as their comrades were falling upon their right and left, drove the enemy from their hidden position, and occupied it for an hour and a half, exposed to the enemy's batteries.

Meantime Generals Hindman, Shaver, and other officers had their horses shot under them, at which the men, supposing these officers to be killed, grew desperate and were anxious to push forward, but were ordered to retire, which was done in good order for about half a mile.

After resting an hour we were again ordered forward, and having advanced about a mile, found ourselves exposed to the enemy's masked batteries, supported by a strong force of sharpshooters. General Shaver, commanding the brigade, ordered a charge, which was executed with great vigor; but soon finding ourselves greatly exposed to cross-fires, and being surprised by superior forces, were ordered to halt and lie down, in which position we remained about an hour, and taking advantage of every possible cover the men fought desperately, while every twig and bush was cut off above them, the enemy's balls penetrating the trees by dozens.

After an hour's engagement, no retreat being ordered, our troops, together with the whole brigade, fled about one-quarter of a mile, when, being immediately rallied, [they] were ordered to the same position, on

