
reaching which we found that the enemy had evacuated their position. We then retired, it being 6 p.m. The greater portion of our loss occurred in this last charge.

At daylight on the 7th the regiment, numbering 130 men, was ordered to the field, under command of Major Harvey, Colonel Govan having withdrawn from fatigue and Lieutenant-Colonel Patterson having been severely wounded in the arm.

We engaged the enemy about 9 o'clock in the morning. The brigade was then ordered farther by the left flank, when we again engaged the enemy; but by the bad management of officers and men on our left our men became disheartened, and, being exposed to the deadly fire of the enemy for about half an hour, retired in great disorder about one-quarter of a mile. Officers and men becoming disgusted, determined to rally, which they did under fire of the enemy and moved again to the attack, but were again repulsed; which was owing entirely to the confused condition of that portion of the army on our left. About 100 of this regiment being rallied and attached to 500 others, the whole being placed under command of Major Harvey by General Smith, were ordered by General Hardee to Corinth, which place they reached on the evening of the 8th.

Respectfully,

R. T. HARVEY,

Major, Commanding Second Arkansas Regiment.

No. 209 Report of Major James T. Martin, Seventh Arkansas Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH ARKANSAS REGIMENT, Camp Hindman, Corinth, Miss., April 12, 1862.

SIR: Lieutenant-Colonel Dean having been killed on Sunday at 3 p.m. in the charge on one of the enemy's batteries, I, as major of the regiment, have the honor to report the following as the major performed by the Seventh Arkansas Regiment in the engagement with the enemy on April 6 and 7 on the plains of Shiloh:

On Sunday morning, April 6, precisely at 5 o'clock, the Seventh Arkansas Regiment, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Dean, was ordered to advance, which it did in gallant style in the face of a heavy fire from the enemy's skirmishers, going over the first hill into the valley beyond, where a halt was ordered, to allow our skirmishers to drive in the enemy and feel the ground, after which we were ordered to advance again at quick-time, which was kept up by us until we had crossed a ravine and gained the bank above, at which time the enemy in front opened on us a heavy fire, when we were ordered to lie down.

After halting here for some little time we were again ordered forward, and after advancing some 50 yards we opened fire on the enemy, still advancing in good order, when a Tennessee regiment, attached to General Wood's brigade, having gotten in advance, broke and ran back, hallooing "Retreat, retreat," which being mistaken by our men for orders of their commander, a retreat was made by them and some confusion ensue, which, however, was, by the gallant conduct of Colonel Dean and the company officers, soon rectified, when we again advanced to the charge, and never halted or faltered until we had driven the enemy from their first line of encampments. The regiment was then formed

37 R R-VOL X

