
though in a scattered condition, my entire command then living. I formed then in the rear of our advanced lines, and after a little time was marched to the rear some distance farther and ordered to bivouac for the night. This ended the work of the Seventh Arkansas Regiment for the day of Sunday. We were engaged and under fire for ten hours, almost the entire time advancing and driving the enemy before us. Our loss on this day in officers was heavy. Captain Cain, Company F, fell wounded while gallantly leading his company to the charge early in the action. Captain Brightwell, Company G, led his company with great bravery until he fell wounded at 12 m., when the command fell upon First Lieutenant Gillespie, who led it through the entire engagement. Third Lieutenants John E. Irwin, Company D, and C. I. Deshazo, Company I, fell on Sunday, in the charge on the enemy's battery, bravely cheering on their men. For other casualties I respectfully refer you to the report of killed and wounded, hereunto attached.

On Monday morning, before the wearied and almost famished men had procured anything to eat, I was ordered by an aide to form my men and prepare for action, as we were being surrounded on all sides. The men, though weary, fell cheerfully in, and we were marched about three-fourths of a mile on our left, and formed, along with the remainder of the brigade, on an eminence in rear of one of our batteries. I caused my men to lie down, and in about a half hour's time our brigade commander ordered our lines forward. I promptly put my command in a position to advance, so as to form on the left of our lines. As soon as we had crossed a ravine in our front and our column was ordered forward, I, with my command, was ordered back to my old position, to protect the battery, by an aide of General Beauregard. I did so, and ordered my men to lie down, where we remained in painful suspense and under fire four or five hours, when, our lines giving way and the battery changing its position, I fell back and moved about 200 yards to the right, when, the enemy making his appearance in large force in front of my position, I ordered a charge; my gallant men obeyed, and at double-quick and shouldered arms, in the face of the most deadly fire I ever faced. Coming in range with my flint-lock muskets I ordered a halt, and the fire commenced from our lines, which quickly brought the enemy to a halt. I would here mention that our support on the left consisted of a disorganized body of men rallied by an aide of General Beauregard's, who, with flag in hand, led us to the charge. It was a gallant deed, and I regret very much I do not know who he was. After delivering four volleys, re-enforcements appearing for the enemy to the right, subjecting me to a cross-fire, and my support giving way on my left at this time, I was compelled to retire, which we did, and formed in the rear on the right of a line of our cut-up and disorganized forces. I there remained until the line on which I formed broke, and I again retired. This, as near as I can judge-my watch having been stopped by the violent concussions-at 3.30 or 4 p.m. I then had organized under my command near 200 men, although not all of my own regiment, as others of the Arkansas regiments rallied on me. The force charged by my regiment, as above spoken of, consisted of six Yankee regiments. The reason I know I counted six flags in sight. I then withdrew my force to the rear of the field, and on Tuesday, at 4 p.m., reached my encampment at this place, having been preceded by my command.

This report has necessarily been lengthy, but I cannot close it before I notice the gallant conduct of some of my officers, who distinguished themselves on a field and in a command where all did their

