
fortunate attack. As far as I know the Fifteenth Arkansas was the only regiment rallied anywhere near the scene of disaster. In the face of a deadly fire and an exultant foe the regiment reformed near two abandoned cannons and fell back in order behind a ridge. From this point, seeing some re-enforcements coming up, I led them in a charge on the advancing foe. The enemy fled back faster than they came.

In this charge Lieutenant-Colonel Patton, the sole remaining field officer of the Fifteenth Arkansas, was shot dead. He did his duty nobly in this battle and secured the love and confidence of every man in his regiment. The Fifteenth Arkansas continued to pursue the enemy until out of ammunition, when 58 men, all that were still together, fell back to replenish.

My brigade was now completely scattered and disorganized. Many of my officers and men continued fighting in the ranks of other commands or on their own responsibility, but not again in any organization which I could control.

For myself, I endeavored to rally stragglers, form them in lines, and do what else I could to secure the retreat. Fortunately the enemy had suffered too severely to pursue, and drew out of the fight while yet we were in possession of one-third of their encampment.

I remained on the field destroying property which could not be carried off and trying to succor the wounded until after sunset, when by General Hardee's orders I left for Corinth.

My brigade, including Trigg's and Calvert's batteries, numbered on the morning of the 6th 2,750 men; out of this number 1,000 were killed and wounded and 32 missing.

This was the first battle my men were ever engaged in. They led the advance of our army on Shiloh and engaged and repulsed the enemy's cavalry the Friday before the battle. They fought in the foremost line both days and were never rested or relieved for a moment. They captured many stands of colors and assisted in the capture of General Prentiss' Federal brigade on the left.

I would like to do justice to the many acts of individual valor witnessed during the fight, but they were too numerous to mention. Privates William Dixon, William Pierce, W. H. Kinsey, H. A. Sales, Sergt. T. H. Osborne, and Lieutenant Josey, of the Fifteenth Arkansas; Col. B. Hill, of the Fifth Tennessee; Lieutenant-Colonel Peebles, of the Twenty-fourth Tennessee; Lieutenant. R. H. Keeble, Captain Riddley, and Lieutenant-Colonel Neil, of the Twenty-third Tennessee, were among the number.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

P. R. CLEBURNE,

Brigadier-General.

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Army Corps.

No. 211 Report of Col. William B. Bate, Second Tennessee Infantry, -,- -, 1862.

The Second Tennessee Regiment, C. S. Army, having reorganized at Corinth, Miss., on the 3rd instant, and reported to General A. S. Johnston for duty, was ordered to join General Hardee's command, then advancing upon the enemy.

