
of a large number of re-enlisted men, besides the sick unable for duty, there were only 365 men of my command taken on the field on Sunday morning,

Respectfully,

WM. B. BATE,

Colonel, Comdg. Second Tennessee Regiment, C. S. Army.

Brigadier-General CLEBURNE.

No. 212 Report of Lieutenant. Col. D. L. Goodall, Second Tennessee Infantry.

As will be seen from the report of Colonel Bate, the Second Tennessee Regiment fell to my command after he was wounded in the second charge on Sunday morning, the 6th instant. As he fully explains, my position in the line at the time he was shot prevented him from communicating to me what destination he intended for the men under his command. As soon as he was borne from the field, I immediately moved the regiment from under the enemy's fire and reported to General Ruggles, who said we could join the advancing column on the left. In the absence of a guide, I rode forward in the direction designated by General Ruggles to ascertain the proper route by which to move the regiment, when I came up with yourself, and received directions to join your brigade, which I accomplished in as short a time as possible.

After moving with the brigade for some time the skirmishers were driven in, just as we were crossing a ravine, and as we passed up the hill on the other side the enemy commenced a heavy cannonading with grape and canister while in a direct line with us. In a short time we were ordered, through Lieutenant-Colonel Peebles, back to the brow of the hill until a reconnaissance could be made for the purpose of flanking the battery thus playing upon our line. After the completion of this move it was reported that the enemy had withdrawn his battery, thus vacating the position we were to have flanked. This was in the afternoon, and the men under my command, in consequence of the heavy and deadly engagement in the forenoon, and having been without provisions of any kind since Saturday morning, the commissary train being far in the rear of the army, became thoroughly exhausted and worn down. They were totally unprovided with haversacks, as they could not be procured, and had no means of carrying even one ration of provisions. In view of their fatigued condition I ordered them to repair to a position where the remainder of the regiment could be collected together.

Late in the evening I reported them to the headquarters of General Beauregard, when I received orders to report them with my force early the following morning. I did so, and was assigned to the brigade of General Stewart, and for the action of the regiment on the 7th I refer you to my report to him and his report of the troops under his command on that day.

Respectfully,

D. L. GOODALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Second Tennessee Regiment.

Brigadier-General CLEBURNE.

