
to report that there are a few exceptions. In Capt. John Macon's company [F] Second Lieutenant. W. R. Morrow is reported as having left the field Sunday morning under pretense of assisting a wounded brother, though he was positively forbidden so to do by his captain, and did not again return to his company during the two days' fighting. Private Dimmon Martin, of the same company, showed great timidity, and had to be repeatedly ordered to fire his gun before he would do so.

In Capt. James H. Wood's company [G], commanded by Acting Lieutenant. F. M. Gunter, Acting Lieutenant A. H. Burger and Sergt. Jacob B. Sellars left the command early on Sunday morning, the 6th, without permission from their leader, and were seen no more with the company until the regiment returned to Corinth.

In Captain Forrest's company [C], Private Samuel Evans displayed great coolness and courage. After being severely wounded, the ball passing through the cheeks, he refused to go to the rear, but remained and fought for a considerable length of time, cheering on the men and loading and shooting as fast as he could.

In Captain Towles' company [B], commanded by Lieutenant B. R. Womack, Privates J. D. Smith, Douglass Brien, and J. T. Pennington are mentioned as having distinguished themselves by their bravery and daring.

In Company D, commanded by Lieutenant. J. L. Jones, and subsequently, after the wounding of Lieutenant Jones, by Lieutenant. R. C. Smartt, Private John Roberts, a very young soldier, behaved with the greatest coolness and bravery throughout the whole action. He was frequently in advance of his company, was knocked down twice by spent balls, and had his gun shattered to pieces. He is but fifteen years old, but displayed the coolness and courage of a veteran.

In Company F, Capt. Edward J. Wood, Lieutenant. C. C. Brewer is spoken of in the highest terms for cool bravery and gallant bearing. Following the lead and imitating the example of his captain, one of the bravest of the brave, he was ever at the head of the men, his gallant captain only in advance, cheering them on to the conflict, and ever and anon dropping one of the Yankees as his eye would chance to light upon him. Privates Abe Boren and Isaac L. Ray, of the same company, also greatly distinguished themselves, and are spoken of in the highest terms by their comrades and their captain.

Lieutenant George S. Deakins, of Capt. W. D. Stewart's company [K], was also conspicuous throughout the engagement for coolness and gallant behavior. It is no doubt invidious to single out instances of this kind. Officers and men all did well, considering that they were raw and inexperienced, and they were out Saturday night, the whole regiment on picket duty, and consequently unrefreshed.

There is one other exception, to which duty compels me to allude. Capt. L. L. Dearman, commanding company I, acted in a very unbecoming and cowardly manner. Several times I had to threaten to shoot him for hiding far back in the rear of his men.

Respectfully submitted.

B. J. HILL,

Colonel, Comdg. Fifth Tennessee Regiment, Provisional Army.

Major POWHATAN ELLIS, JR.,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Second Brigade, Third Army Corps.

