
Tennessee Regiment, Col. C. H. Williams, about 350 muskets; Forty-fourth Tennessee Regiment, Col. C. A. McDaniel, about 250 muskets; Fifty-fifth Tennessee Regiment, Col. McKoin, about 280 muskets; Sixteenth Alabama Regiment, Lieutenant. Col. J. W. Harris, about 300 muskets; Third Battalion Mississippi Infantry, Major A. B. Hardcastle, about 280 muskets; Jefferson Light Artillery, Capt. W. L. Harper, 4 guns; Georgia Mountain Dragoons, Capt. I. W. Avery, 40 muskets.

The artillery and cavalry were detached, by order of Major-General Hardee, and were not under my command during the battle.

On Saturday, the 5th instant, about 8 o'clock in the morning, a line of battle was formed, of which my brigade was the center of the Third Corps, Brigadier-General Cleburne being on my left and Brigadier-General Hindman's brigade, commanded by Colonel Shaver, on my right. The right of my brigade rested just across the Bark road.

No advance occurred on Saturday. Major Hardcastle's battalion was thrown out 400 yards in advance, on picket duty, during the night; Colonel McKoin in rear as a reserve. The line was formed as follows: Twenty-seventh Tennessee, Sixteenth Alabama, Forty-fourth Tennessee, battalion Ninth Arkansas, Eighth Arkansas.

We slept on our arms in line of battle on Saturday night. As early as 5 o'clock Sunday morning firing occurred between our pickets and the enemy. I sent Captain Clare, of my staff, to instruct Major Hardcastle to hold his position until the brigade came up. The order was faithfully carried and executed.

The firing now becoming spirited, the brigade, in obedience to the directions of Major-General Hardee, was ordered forward. The men went eagerly. The nature of the ground or the necessity of extending our lines caused an interval between my brigade and the one on the right. Colonel McKoin's Fifty-fifth Tennessee Regiment was ordered up and placed in the line on the right. At the same time the Eighth Arkansas and battalion of the Ninth Arkansas were deployed as skirmishers to relieve Major Hardcastle, who was ordered into the line.

Our skirmishers soon met the enemy, who retired as we pressed forward. The firing became heavy, and, the enemy's lines being in sight, our skirmishers were called in, and the brigade moved forward, attacking the enemy in his first line of camps. The resistance here was not strong. In less than half an hour he was driven back.

At this moment some confusion occurred on my right. A regiment on the left of the brigade to my right was falling back, followed by two regiments of my brigade. I went to them with all my staff, and they were soon reassured, and, facing the enemy, went forward with vigor. The want of drill and of prompt command, and, in one or two instances, of discretion on the part of officers, brought about this occurrence.

A severe contest now began in the brigade to my right, participated in by the right wing of my command. The enemy were driven back, the contest being more severe than the first. At this point we passed through the enemy's camps, and in pursuing the fleeing foe, one or two of the regiments of my right, by wheeling in that direction, broke the general line.

At this moment I was informed that the enemy were in force on the left and in rear of our present position, with a battery placed in rear of one of their encampments. I could see the left of my brigade, but was unable to see any of our troops, who were believed to be on our left, and who would, if there, be on the flank of the enemy. Under these circumstances I changed front forward on my left, facing the battery,

