
and bringing back the regiments which had wheeled to the right, placed Colonel Patterson and Major Kelly on the left of the Twenty-seventh Tennessee [Colonel Williams], making my line: Ninth and Eighth Arkansas, Twenty-seventh Tennessee, Sixteenth Alabama, Forty-fourth and Fifty-fifth Tennessee, and Third Mississippi Battalion.

I sent word to Brigadier-General Hindman, commanding division, of the situation of affairs, who immediately brought his brigade, commanded by Colonel Shaver, to my support, and ordered me to charge the battery. I gave the order in person to Major Kelly and Colonels Patterson and Williams, and sent it to the Sixteenth Alabama and Forty-fourth Tennessee. The battery was directly in front of the Sixteenth Alabama and Twenty-seventh Tennessee, six guns playing on these regiments and all of my left. The long lines of infantry supporting the battery could be seen plainly extending to the right and left. Between my line and the enemy, who were upon a hill, was an open field, from 300 to 400 yards in width.

Across this field our brave troops made their way under a galling fire of shell, shot, and grape from the battery and a superior force of infantry. The enemy were driven from the hill and the battery of six pieces taken, but not without great loss on our side.

Colonel Williams, of the Twenty-seventh Tennessee, a modest, unassuming gentleman and Christian soldier, faithful in every duty, devoted to his country, his native State, and the cause of liberty, fell and died. Lieutenant-Colonel Brown, of the same regiment, was severely wounded. Captain Hearn and Lieutenant Henry were killed. Major Helvenston, of the Sixteenth Alabama, had his horse killed and was severely wounded by the same ball. Lieutenant. William Patton, of that regiment, behaving with the greatest gallantry, was killed; also Lieutenant Bateman, of the Eighth Arkansas.

The Sixteenth Alabama and Twenty-seventh Tennessee Regiments came directly upon the battery, and all the pieces [six] were captured. They were, however, assisted in the charge by the Eighth Arkansas and battalion of the Ninth Arkansas, whose ranks were thinned by the fire of these guns.

As my brigade advanced, charging the enemy, two regiments of troops came up in our rear, and as they reached the crest of a hill the men [as their officers said], without orders, fired into us, killing at the first fire 5 in Major Kelly's battalion, a lieutenant in the Eighth Arkansas, and wounding many others. With some of my staff I rode towards them, ordering them not to fire, when another volley from this whole line was hurled on us. The fire was so close, and wounding my horse, he became wholly unmanageable and threw me, dragging me along the tents and disabling me for some three hours.

The brigade moved forward, under the direction of my staff-Captain Clare, Lieutenant. H. C. Wood, and Asst. Adjt. Gen. L. A. McClung-who were ordered to convey word to General Hindman and Colonel Patterson of my condition. The regiments on the right were at this time engaged with the enemy, finding him strongly posted on rising ground, with infantry and artillery. After a contest of more than an hour, with varying success, the enemy was finally driven, and a large number surrendered and captured. Under the direction of Lieutenant McClung, the Fifty-fifth Tennessee, Sixteenth Alabama, and Third Mississippi Battalion took charge of the prisoners and conducted them to the rear. The remaining regiments now halted to replenish ammunition when I returned and took charge of those forming my line, as follows:

