
staff officer to Generals Bragg, Polk, and Hardee, with an order to fall back fighting. The retreat had commenced. With one exception my staff were all engaged along the line I had formed keeping the men in position. I sent Lieutenant McKelvey, of a cavalry company, from Talladega, Ala., with the message to General Bragg, who delivered it, and Mr. Bridewell, of Arkansas, to General Hardee, who did not afterwards report to me.

Upon the return of Lieutenant McKelvey I rode to the position where I had last seen General Beauregard, and communicated to General Jordan, his chief of staff, that the order had been given to General Bragg. While absent, the line I had formed wa put in march to the rear by some general officer unknown to me. I followed the movement, with the remnant of my brigade, as far as the general hospital, where I reported to General Hardee, and received an order to rest until morning, and then move to my encampment, near Corinth, keeping the road clear. This I did.

It is proper to notice the great gallantry displayed on Sunday by Major Hardcastle. He was slightly wounded and hit more than once. At one time, in a charge, having been separated from his battalion, he seized a musket, joined the ranks, and cheering the men, charged with the Sixteenth Alabama Regiment. Also of Major-John H. Kelly, leading the skirmishers on the 6th and 7th, and on Monday leading a charge across a deep pond and open field, under a most terrific fire.

To Colonel Patterson, second in command, I am particularly indebted for aid and assistance in controlling a brigade without drill from first to last of the battle, displaying, as he did, great coolness and undaunted courage, even when we were overpowered by the vastly-superior number of the enemy.

Colonel McDaniel, of the Forty-fourth Tennessee Regiment, acted with great bravery, and directed his men with good judgment until wounded on Monday.

Major Love, of the Twenty-seventh Tennessee, also distinguished himself by daring. He was severely wounded and left in the hands of the enemy in our last charge.

Lieutenant-Colonel Harris, of the Sixteenth Alabama Regiment, though laboring under severe illness, conducted his regiment throughout both days.

To my assistant adjutant-general, Lieutenant. Linus A. McClung, I am indebted for a discretion and valor which never gave way, but seemed to increase by the greatness of the occasion. He was always present with the command, cheering the men, and by example inciting others to acts of gallantry. When he was forced to retire, he would only leave the field when compelled by orders, seeming to prefer death to even a repulse.

My aide-de-camp, Lieutenant. H. C. Wood, carried all my orders with alacrity and accuracy.

I am under great obligations to my volunteer aides: Capt. William Clare, whose gallantry was equal to any danger. He was twice wounded on Sunday about noon, but remained on the field until dark, and again on Monday a very severe wound was received while acting under orders from Major-General Hardee. Also Capt. Joshua Sledge, who was injured by a cannon-ball while carrying an order on Sunday; and Captain Coleman, who was of assistance at all times in bearing my orders to my brigade, frequently exposing himself to cross-fire; and Mr. Frank Foster, who during the whole action bore himself with the greatest coolness and bravery, rallying our troops, and by word

