
and example leading them to victory; also Lieutenant. S. Church, of the Third Mississippi Battalion, my acting brigade commissary, who while acting as aide on Monday had his horse killed under him.

It is my duty to the country to recommend for promotion, for great gallantry shown on the field of Shiloh on Sunday and Monday, Major John H. Kelly, of the Ninth Arkansas Battalion; also my acting assistant adjutant-general, Lieutenant. L. A. McClung, recently adjutant of the Seventh Alabama Regiment, who displayed a valor and discretion becoming the commander of a regiment. I recommend him to be mad a captain in the Confederate States Army.

Captain Clare deserves to command a regiment, and I trust will shortly be honored with that trust, which he will keep.

The officers and men of my brigade fought well. Major Hardcastle's battalion fired the first shot in our army on the enemy, and we only left the field at the close of Monday's fight.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

S. A. M. WOOD,

Brig. Gen., Comdg. Third Brig., Hardee's Corps, Army of the Miss.

Capt. T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 216 Report of Lieutenant. Col. John W. Harris, Sixteenth Alabama Infantry.

HDQRS. SIXTEENTH REGIMENT ALABAMA VOLUNTEERS, Near Corinth, Miss., April 8, 1862.

At 4 o'clock on the morning of April 3 I received orders from General Hindman, through Colonel Patterson, commanding First Brigade, to prepare five days' rations and be ready to march by 6 o'clock, but was not ordered off until 11 a.m. Owing to indisposition and prostration of the physical system I was not able to go with the regiment, so Major Helvenston took command and marched int eh direction of Pittsburg, on the Tennessee River.

On Friday morning General Wood rejoined his brigade, and Friday evening the regiments were halted to rest, when firing was heard in advance. By orders from General Wood, Major Helvenston threw the regiment into line of battle and awaited the attack of the enemy.

Hence, about dark, Major Helvenston marched, under orders, and formed a new line half a mile to the right, and remained under arms until 2 o'clock Saturday morning, when the line of march was resumed and continued until 8 o'clock. Then the regiment was again thrown into line of battle, with Colonel Williams' on its left and Colonel McKoin's on its right, and marched for a short distance and halted. Here I joined the regiment, having heard a fight was expected and being anxious to be with my men in the engagement.

They remained under arms at this point until early Sunday morning, when it was advanced in line of battle, with Major Hardcastle's battalion in front as skirmishers.

Sharp skirmishes were kept up until the camps of the enemy were reached, at 9 o'clock. My regiment advanced through a thick patch of briers and then through an open field, while a battery of the enemy over the crest of a hill on my left played upon the troops advancing

