
rest, as they had been vigorously engaged for more than five hours, and sent for a supply of ammunition to supply boxes.

After resting about one hour and receiving a supply of ammunition we moved forward and placed ourselves to the right of a line hotly engaged. We opened fire upon him, and in a few minutes he gave way, retreating beyond a field, and took position under the fence, from which he gave us a deadly fire from his sharpshooters, which we answered with our muskets.

In this engagement fell Lieutenant Price in the front rank, firing upon the enemy with his Enfield rifle.

Here we killed a number of the enemy as they ran from a pile of cotton to the protection of the fence beyond. The enemy having retired from the fence beyond the range of our guns, we retired to the brigade to which we were attached to a ravine, within supporting distance of our battery, which by this time had come up to our relief.

At this time the brigadier-general commanding came up to us and brought up a part of the brigade, from which we had been separated. We remained in this position until the enemy gave way, after a most obstinate resistance, and moved forward beyond the field across which we had the former engagement, and received a heavy shower of shell from the gunboats of the enemy.

From this position we were moved with all our forces to a place beyond the range of the shells at about sunset and slept on our arms on beds of the enemy's hay. Having no blankets, we used tents for covering and drew rations from the enemy's commissary for supper and breakfast.

Early on the morning of the 7th, the general commanding being absent from the brigade, under treatment for his injuries of the day before, I formed my regiment, the Ninth Arkansas Battalion, and a portion of the Twenty-seventh and Forty-fourth Tennessee in line of battle in the edge of the field where we had slept, and awaited orders.

In a short while Brigadier-General Wood arrived and took command of his brigade, and we moved forward toward the enemy, skirmishing with our forces about 300 yards in front. Having advanced, we were ordered to "Right about; double-quick, march," which we did, fortunately for us, in disorder, as we passed through the field under a destructive enfilading fire from a battery about 400 yards on our left, under which many of our men fell horribly mangled.

As soon as we gained the protection of the woods our lines were readily formed, and we moved on, and were joined, with our brigade, to other forces, and returned to the position previously occupied and where I had first joined the brigade. Before moving forward, as above stated, Major Kelly deployed his battalion as skirmishers and advanced about 400 yards in front of our line, and retired when the brigade moved from the fire of the battery, bringing his skirmishers prudently and safely through the woods to his command before any other move was made. The position to which we were brought, as above stated, brought us under full range of a large body of the enemy, well posted across the open woods in front of us. We were commanded, together with other forces aligned with us, to fix bayonets and advance on the enemy. My regiment, Major Kelly's battalion, and a few men of the Twenty-seventh Tennessee Regiment alone obeyed the order and moved on to the charge, across the open field, under a steady, well-aimed fire of the enemy, and after we had crossed the field, and finding that the entire left of the line had declined the charge, we formed on the left of a line already engaged

