
him to proceed to join me at Rogers' Gap, by way of Big Creek Gap, and directed General Spears to await his arrival and then march up the valley to join me. Baird's brigade, which had returned to Lambdin's, was ordered to again breast the mountain, and inspired by the admirable example of their commander, and roused at the prospect of going to the front, they cheerfully obeyed the order.

Early on the morning of the 14th I was again in Powell's Valley, and Baird's brigade arrived there on the 15th and marched down the mountain to the air of "Dixie," played by the band of Coburn's Thirty-third Indiana. I here received a dispatch from Spears, inclosing a letter from Colonel Carter, of the rebel cavalry, dated Cumberland Gap, June 11, 1862, and addressed to Major Bean, as follows:

Major BEAN:Maintain your position, if you possibly can, until to-morrow. The general intends sending a force of artillery and infantry down the valley early in the morning to attack the enemy. General Barton's force is on its way back into the valley. Dispatch to Colonel Allston immediately the intention of the general to move a force down the valley in the morning, and tell him that General Stevenson wishes him (Colonel Allston) to dispatch to General Barton the same thing immediately. The dispatch should go by way of Clinton, if possible, as General Barton will soon move by that route. This post will not be evacuated-at least not now.

By command of Lieutenant. Colonel J. E. Carter:

J. D. CARTER,

Adjutant Seventy-seventh.

The enemy was sorely in doubt as to what course to pursue, and evidently greatly exaggerated my strength, which is reported in the rebel papers at 50,000 men. I had now at the foot of Rogers' Gap the brigades of Baird and De Courcy, and as the valley was occupied by the enemy's cavalry I ordered the supply trains to the rear, and was compelled to subsist upon the foe. I felt all the responsibility of my position, for I had adopted my plan of operations contrary to be opinions of three of my brigade commanders, all of whom I hold in high esteem. I had not the opportunity to consult General Spears, who was at the foot of Pine Mountain when I determined upon the line of operations I had resolved to pursue. Hence I was anxious for the arrival of Spears and Carter, the head of whose columns were soon seen to approach from the direction of Fincastle. Spears marched without wagons and without tents, and it would be doing injustice alike to him and to myself not to express my high appreciation of the prompt and soldierly energy he had always displayed in aiding me to execute my plans. His brigade has acted an important part in the strategic game which has been played along these mountains during the past six weeks.

Immediately upon the arrival of Carter and Spears I wished to advance upon the enemy, understood to be in position at Thomas' farm, 8 or 9 miles on the Valley road towards the Gap, but Carter had performed a most trying and difficult march of 75 miles, and Spears had cleared the blockade at Big Creek Gap immediately before marching. One day was therefore devoted to rest and preparations for the struggle expected to take place on the following day.

Herewith I have the honor to inclose my order of march and plan of attack, and also the reports of brigade commanders and separate corps.

I determined to advance upon two parallel roads-the old and new Valley roads, the latter of which starts from the Knoxville road nearly opposite Rogers' Gap, and intersects the old Valley road at Thomas', as indicated in the accompanying map embracing the square of my operations.* The hour designated for the march was 1 o'clock on the morning

---------------

*To appear in Atlas.

---------------

