
enemy retiring to another strong position, from which he was routed after an obstinate resistance. My command, amid the confusion, was separated from the brigade, and, finding the Eighth Arkansas, we continued to act together. Our men being completely exhausted from marching, and having been under fire for several hours, we moved them forward and halted in a good position in order to rest them.

Here we were ordered to remain by General Hardee. Soon after one of the enemy's batteries opened an enfilade fire on us, compelling us to change our position for a more secure one. This we attained by moving about 200 yards diagonally to the left, where we remained but a short time, when we were ordered forward by General Bearegard, and placed on the right of the line, commanded, I think, by Colonel Smith or General Stewart. This was about 10 a. m.

After forming this line we advanced upon the enemy and drove him back, by hard fighting, to a very strong position, from which we were unable to dislodge him, owing to the exhausted condition of our men. We, however, held our position until fresh troops arrived, when we were withdrawn.

After this we rested our men about three-quarters of an hour, and were moved forward by the brigadier-general commanding at about 4 p. m. and took position in a field. From this we were advanced still farther. The enemy began to shell us from his gunboats, and we were withdrawn to a more secure position.

It being night, we slept on our arms in an encampment of the enemy.

List of casualties on the 6th instant.

Command.	 Number	 Kille	 Woun	 Mis	 Office	 Remarks.

 of	 d.	 ded.	 sin	 rs

 enlist	 	 	 g.	 wounde

 ed men	 	 	 	 d.

 in

 fight.

Company A	 31	 2	 6	 -	 -

Company B	 35	 2	 16	 -	 2	 Lieutenants

 	 	 	 	 	 Richardson

 	 	 	 	 	 and Perryman.

Company C	 32	 1	 11	 -	 2	 Lieutenants

 	 	 	 	 	 Montgomery

 	 	 	 	 	 and Cates.

Company D	 24	 3	 7	 -	 1	 Lieutenant

 	 	 	 	 	 Harris.

Total	 122	 8	 40	 -	 5

RECAPITULATION.

Total killed 8

Total wounded 40

----

Total killed and

wounded 48

----

Aggregate killed

and wounded 53

Early on the morning of the 7th we were ordered to form in line of battle. My battalion was ordered out as skirmishers. After advancing several hundred yards I received orders to halt my line until further orders. Then they were withdrawn from this position and placed about 50 yards in front of the brigade. A forward move being ordered, I proceeded to advance with my line. Upon casting my eyes to the rear I saw that the order to retreat had been given. An instant afterward a masked battery opened an enfilade fire upon my brigade. As my men had a safe position, I deemed it best not to retreat across the open field with them. I accordingly wheeled my line to the right and marched it perpendicularly to the line of fire to where General Cleburne's command was. I informed him that the enemy had a masked

