
battery and that it was playing on our brigade. He at once caused his (the Washington) artillery to open upon that of the enemy. I then moved forward, with my line of skirmishers, and succeeded in rejoining the brigade about 9 a. m.

I was then ordered by the brigadier-general commanding to act in concert with the Twenty-seventh Tennessee, Major Love commanding. We were then ordered forward, and, after advancing about one-fourth of a mile, found ourselves in front of the enemy. The order was given to charge. My battalion, the Eighth Arkansas, and a portion of the Twenty-seventh Tennessee advanced forward; but the firing of the enemy was quite spirited and the resistance so obstinate that we found it impossible to dislodge him completely.

Our men fought until completely worn-out, and were finally withdrawn, but were soon rallied and moved up again. It, however, became evident that we could do nothing, as the men were worn-out, having fought for six hours. They were then withdrawn and formed in rear of a line commanded by Brigadier-General Wood, where we rested until orders were received to fall back.

List of casualties on the 7th instant.

Enlisted men. Officers.

Command.	 Number	 Kille	 Woun	 Missi	 Killed	 Wound	 Mis

 of	 d.	 ded.	 ng.	 .	 ed.	 sin

 enlisted	 	 	 	 	 	 g.

 men in

 fight.

Company A	 23	 -	 1	 1	 -	 -	 -

Company B	 15	 -	 5	 -	 -	 -	 -

Company C	 18	 -	 -	 -	 -	 -	 -

Company D	 14	 -	 3	 -	 -	 -	 -

Total	 70	 	 -	 9	 1	 -	 -

Aggregate killed and wounded on the 6th and 7th instant, 62.

The gallant bearing of the officers and men under my command could not be surpassed by veterans. They have shown themselves to be true patriots, well worthy to serve our noble cause. Our battle-flag was completely riddled; not a string of it is left. With men like these, who will bear their flag so gallantly, brilliant triumph is certain.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

JNumbers H. KELLY,

Major, Commanding.

Numbers 219 Report of Major A. B. Hardcastle, Third Mississippi Infantry Battalion.

-,-,-1862.

SIR: On the evening of the 5th I occupied a post of picket with the body of my battalion a quarter of a mile in front of our brigade, Numbers 190,8 flankers on the right and 22 on the left, deployed at intervals of 12 paces. We covered the front of the brigade. An advance party of 7 men, under command of Lieutenant Hammock, were posted 200 yards in front of my center. Another party, under the command of Lieutenant McNulty, of 8 mne, were posted 100 yards in front of my center; three-

