
quarters were deployed. Indications of the enemy's approach were made known to these officers by singular beats on the drum in the enemy's lines just before dawn.

About dawn the cavalry vedettes fired three shots, wheeled, and galloped back. Lieutenant Hammock suffered the enemy to approach within 90 yards. Their lines seemed about 350 yards long and to number about 1,000. He fired upon them and joined his battalion with his men. Lieutenant McNulty received the enemy with his fire at about 100 yards, and then joined his battalion with his men, when the vedettes rode back to my main position. At the first alarm my men were in line and all ready. I was on a rise of ground, men kneeling. The enemy opened a heavy fire on us at a distance of about 200 yards, but most of the shots passed over us. We returned the fire immediately and kept it up. Captain Clare, aide to General Wood, came and encouraged us. We fought the enemy an hour or more without giving an inch.

Our loss in this engagement was: Killed, 4 privates; severely wounded, 1 sergeant, 1 corporal, and 8 privates, and slightly wounded, color-sergeant and 9 privates.

At about 6.30 a. m. I saw the brigade formed in my rear and I fell back. Captain Hume's company, bearing the colors, formed promptly at the command halt. I formed and took position in the brigade line of battle near the right. We advanced, dressing to the right, I charging the first camp of the enemy. I was ahead of my battalion a short distance and lost myself from it by going too far to the left. During my separation of about an hour I fought with the Sixteenth Alabama Regiment and changed front. The battalion had moved a little to the right toward an open field. When I rejoined them they were marching forward in line against the enemy on a changed front. We halted on the right of our brigade and received a heavy fire from the enemy. we replied briskly and continued firing for some time. The enemy were driven off by a combined movement from our left.

Our loss was: Killed, Captain Hughes, of Company D, while exposed in front, of his company following the colors; Corporal Reeves, of Company E, color-bearer, and 4 privates. Severely wounded, 2 sergeants and 2 privates; and slightly wounded, 1 acting assistant surgeon, Lieutenant Reeves, of Company C; 1 sergeant, 1 corporal, and 10 privates.

My ammunition gave out, and I was detained, supplying myself from the enemy's camp, by Captain Picket's directions. I ordered my men to wipe out their guns.

Lieutenant Wilson, aide to General Hidman, passed, and, in reply to my inquiry for orders, said he would bring me orders if I waited a little while. Our brigade had moved off. In a short while I moved onward and fell in with Colonel Vaughan's and another brigade. We moved on to the support of a battery.

When we arrived there I was told by the colonel (Vaughan) that General Bragg wished us to remain there, but, if outnumbered by the enemy, to fall back to another battery just in the rear. The Sixteenth Alabama, Fifty-fifth Tones, and another regiment assembled here after a short time. This place was in front of an old field, sloping down, and was the hardest-won position of the enemy.

At 5 p. m. Adjutant McClung detailed me to guard the prisoners. we marched with them to the field in front of White House hospital and encamped, exposed to the rain all night.

Monday morning, the 7th instant, I started back to the battle-field

