
about 8 o'clock, by orders of Colonel McKoin. On the way we took different roads, and I did not see again until evening McKoin's and Harris' regiments, with whom I started. My men were much exhausted and worn-out. They marched very slowly. On the way a Louisiana company (commanded by a lieutenant) and a few others joined me. I approached a deserted camp of the enemy and heard firing toward the left and in front. I flanked to the left, and moved forward to an old field in front of, and to the right of, a burning house. I met many scattering soldiers falling back, who said to me, "You are to late." The Louisianians and a few of my men fell back with them.

I had numbered about 110 in the morning; I now had about 70 or 100. With these I posted myself behind the logs and trees on the edge of the field. The enemy was seen on the opposite side, with his battery. A terrible fire opened upon us of canister and musketry.

My men silenced their battery and drove back their infantry. Unmolested we moved across the field and took the battery.

Posted behind the trees and logs we saw the enemy formed within 40 yards of us in line and in close order. I held my fire, believing them friends. At the command, "Don't shoot," the enemy deceived themselves and unfurled their flag. We poured into them a deadly fire. They replied fiercely and retired.

Our loss here was Captain R. H. McNair, of Company E, who stood gallantly exposed, cheering his men to stand bravely and fire coolly (severely wounded and since died), and 2 privates severely, and 1 sergeant and 3 privates slightly, wounded. Afterwards I heard no firing on my right or left. I knew the enemy was present near both flanks. I saw the Confederates scattered and retiring, and I moved back in good order, passing around the field.

When I had retired a few hundred yards I came upon Colonel Allen, who had formed some 500 or 600 stragglers into a body. I formed on his left, and we took post farther to the rear, behind the battery, to support it. We remained here an hour, until the colonel got orders to retire. We took up the line of march in order and quit the field.

In repulsing the enemy from their battery we gave an opportune check to his advance upon our retiring skirmishers. Throughout this action, on both days, the officers and soldiers of my battalion behaved bravely. No instance of distrust or dismay met my observation.

Respectfully submitted.

A. B. HARDCASTLE,

Major, Commanding Third Mississippi Battalion.

Brigadier General S. A. M. WOOD.

No. 220. Report of Captains of the Twenty-seventh Tennessee Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SEVENTH REGIMENT TENNESSEE VOLS.,Near Corinth, Miss., April 9, 1862.

SIR: In accordance with your order we, the commanding officers of the companies composing the Twenty-seventh Regiment Tennessee Volunteers, beg leave herewith to present a report of the part taken by this regiment in the late engagements with the enemy on the 6th and 7th instant:

This manner of report has been adopted because, being commanded

