
their death at the hands of those who should have come to their relief instead.

After the enemy began to retreat from the battery one regiment bore to the right, under the command of Major Love, pouring a continuous fire into the enemy's ranks, until they were forced conceal themselves among and in the rear of their tents. The charge was commenced about 10 o'clock, and fifty minutes afterward our regiment had fired its last round and was compelled to retire to procure a fresh supply of ammunition. In doing this we were entirely detached from the remainder of your brigade and awaited further orders, which were received about 3 p. m.

We were marched by Major Love about 1 1/2 miles along the road leading in the direction of the river into an old field on the right, where we rejoined the remainder of your brigade. We remained here about one and a half hours, when the order was given to march back three-quarters of a mile and go into camp. The night was spent in the enemy's tents. Here ended the first day's fight.

On Monday morning, before sunrise, the enemy advanced and opened fire upon the brigade to our right and left, when the enemy's batteries commenced a heavy firing upon us, and a retreat was ordered to the tents. After the cessation of the fire from the battery we were again ordered to move in a direction inclining to the left about the distance of a quarter of a mile, where we met the enemy near the pond, and, after a severe fight of ten or fifteen minutes, succeeded in preventing the enemy from flanking our forces on the left and caused him to retreat. It was here that our last gallant field officer, Major Love, was killed, after commanding the regiment in a fearless manner during the day. Sergeant-Major Wilkinson was also killed while leading a company to the charge. He bore himself most gallantly during the fight. After the fall of our major our regiment began to disperse, and were not rallied again during the day. We returned to camp, near Corinth, on Tuesday.

In the two engagements our loss was as follows: 5 officers and 22 privates killed; 9 officers and 106 privates wounded; 2 officers and 46 privates missing. The heavy loss proves that the men left not their posts in the hour of danger.

L. McCLERKIN,

Lieutenant, Company A.

A. W. CALDWELL,

Captain Company B.

J. P. BURNS,

Captain Company C.

W. P. TIMBERLAKE,

Captain Company D.

N. LAWLER,

Captain Company E.

S. M. CRABTREE,

Captain Company F.

JNumbers M. TAYLOR,

Captain Company H.

F. W. WADLEY,

Lieutenant, Company I.

J. T. WILKINSON,

Lieutenant, Company K.

Brigadier General S. A. M. WOOD.

