
Numbers 221 Report of. Colonel Coleman A. McDaniel, Forty-fourth Tennessee Infantry.
HDQRS. FORTY-FOURTH REGIMENT TENNESSEE VOLS.,April 9, 1862.

In compliance with your order of the 8th instant I submit the following report of the action of my regiment of the 6th and 7th:

At 6 o'clock on the morning of the 3rd I received orders from Colonel be ready to march at any moment. About 3 o'clock on the same day I received marching orders, and immediately put my command in moments, when my command was placed on the left of the brigade. We traveled until 12.30 o'clock that night, a distance of some 20 miles, and encamped.

Early next morning we took up the line of march in the same order, and proceeded to within some 3 miles of the enemy, when by your command we were halted and rested some two or three hours, during which time a short skirmish ensued between our cavalry and that of the enemy, and perhaps some infantry on both sides. The Skirmish took place immediately in front of our lines, when by your order I placed my regiment to the right nearly half a mile, and occupied the same position in the brigade, and remained there on our arms until 2 o'clock in the morning, at which time we moved back to the main road leading to the enemy, and proceeded at daylight to march in the direction of them.

Colonel McKoin's regiment, having been placed in the reserve to support the brigade, and Major Hardcastle's battalion as a support to the artillery, my regiment then occupied the right, the brigade moving by the left flank. We marched in this order some 2 miles and formed a line of battle, when Colonel Patterson's regiment was thrown out as skirmishers in advance, and Major Hardcastle's battalion was brought upon my right, occupying the right flank of the brigade.

We remained in this position all day. At night Colonel Patterson's regiment was brought back and occupied the position of Major Hardcastle's battalion, which was thrown in advance as skirmishers. WE remained in this position all night on our arms.

Early in the morning (the 6th) Major Hardcastle's battalion brought on a skirmish fight, at which time your ordered the whole brigade to move in the same order. We arrived on the ground where Major Hardcastle had the skirmish fight, and then Colonel Patterson's regiment was thrown out as skirmishers and Major Hardcastle took his position.

We then moved in this order until we got in sight of the enemy's camp on our left, when I was informed by one of your aides that the order was to charge. We then charged, Colonel Patterson's regiment being immediately in my front. We charged to the top of the hill, where a short skirmish ensued, and moved on to the enemy's camps, driving them before us, putting them to rout.

I then reformed my regiment and moved to the left, in the line of the enemy's camps, at which time your ordered me to hold my regiment as a

