
support to the brigade. The brigade then charged on some batteries immediately on a hill in front of us, when a heavy fight ensued, at which time I moved my regiment to the right of the brigade and in a line with one of the enemy's batteries, when the whole of our force on the left fell back a short distance. My regiment fell back some hundred yards into a ravine, when one of our batteries. I then moved my regiment back up the hill, fighting all the way, other troops having come up on my left. When I got to the top of the hill I found that the enemy had retreated back to another of their encampments and that my regiment was entirely separated from the brigade. Others of our troops coming up, I kept to the right, with them fighting and driving the enemy from another of their encampments, at which time one of your aides, Captain Clare, came up, and rendered me very valuable assistance. My regiment continued to fight until all their ammunition was very nearly exhausted, and having lost a great many of my men, I moved my regiment back to the ammunition wagon and replenished, and then moved forward to nearly the same place, when Colonel Patterson's regiment came up, when I formed on his right. We then moved forward in the direction of the enemy and had a sharp fight, when our artillery came up, and we fell back in the rear of it, and remained there until you came to us. After several moves, but no more fighting, we by your orders lay on our arms during the night.

On the next morning we formed our line of battle on the encampment, my regiment being on the left of the brigade, and after several, and by your, orders we engaged the enemy. Between 11 and 12 o'clock we had a severe fight, my left resting on another brigade of our troops. After fighting severely for some time a charge was ordered, and we commenced making it, when I was informed by the brigade on my left that the enemy was advancing on the left and they were near to us. I ordered my men back and took position to the right of this brigade. Some of my men did not hear this order, and charged across with some of Colonel Patterson's men. Those that did hear my order, before they could regain their position, were opened upon by the enemy with a deadly fire, which continued until the whole of our troops were compelled to fall back from a flank movement of the enemy. I then replenished my men with ammunition, and after several moves and some fighting I was, about 3 o'clock, struck by a grape ball in the right arm, which, from the loss of blood, compelled me to leave the field.

I had forgotten to state before in my report that I was deprived of the valuable services of Lieutenant-Colonel Shied about 2 o'clock on the day before by a wound received in his left side. I would also state that I had not the assistance during the fight of the major, he having been, on account of sickness, unable to discharge the duties of his office for some two months.

I would state in conclusion that the officers and men under my command conducted themselves gallantly, and acted as bravely and chivalrously as men could, and fought with endurance not to be surpassed by better-drilled troops, as will appear by my abstract showing the number of killed and wounded. To mention the individual acts of heroism that came under my observation would extend this report to too great length.

I would also mention that Drs. Noblett, Osborne, and Chandler deserve to be mentioned for their services to the wounded; also Lieutenant Guinn, for his aid in assisting the wounded to the hospital.

