
Drill-masters Hendrick and Hamilton, for their gallantry on the battlefield, deserve to me mentioned.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

C. A. McDANIEL,

Colonel, Comdg. Forty-fourth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers.

General S. A. M. WOOD,

Commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 222 Report of Captain W. L. Harper, Jefferson (Mississippi) Artillery.

CAMP, NEAR CORINTH, MISS.,

April 10, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the share taken by the battery under my command in the battle near the Tennessee River on the 6th and 7th instant:

Moving off under your orders in rear of the advance line, as the fire of the skirmishers became sharp I continued to make the best progress I could, with weak and hungry horses, across the ridges of timbered land that separated our position from the enemy's camp. In conjunction with the Arkansas batteries, on my left, we frequently halted upon eminences where the guns could be used to advantage in case of need; but our make the best progress possible across ground frequently difficult for artillery. It was the impediment of the ground that threw me too far to the right just as the enemy's batteries began to thicken around us, and separated me from my command the first of the day. Hurrying up, however, I was ordered by General Hindman to open on the Yankee camp on the left of Captain Swett's battery, then playing upon it. I suppose the thunder of our guns contributed toward the result that followed, for they were soon seen double quicking toward the opposite side of the lines of tents, and our own infantry charging at the same moment compelled us to cease firing. I then placed the battery in position on the opposite side of the camp, awaiting another opportunity for for action, our infantry being stationed in front and for the time at rest. Renewing my efforts to find my brigade, I sent a sergeant more than a mile to the left, inquiring of every officer that passed, but could in no way obtain any satisfactory information.

Nothing was now left but to throw myself in wherever a chance offered. This the enemy soon gave me, for, having been shelled out of their camp, they seemed to think the same means would dislodge us. They opened a brisk cannonade with two batteries-one upon the front and the other upon the right oblique; their balls ranging well, but aim too high. In conjunction with a Georgia battery we returned their fire with so much effect that in the space of twenty minutes they either would not or could not sustain the contest, and I ordered a cessation of fire, when their smoke no longer indicated their position. It was now I foresaw a heavy struggle on the right. Many regiments of our infantry, supported by cavalry, were seen moving by the right flank in the woods in front of us, with a purpose, manifestly, to press the enemy in that quarter. I determined at once to support them. Moving to the right as far as the camp extended, I was ordered by Colonel D. W. Adams to fol-

39 R R-VOL X

