
Ramsey, Anderson, Rollins, and Ayres reported themselves sick the morning of the battle. Corporal Mathis, Privates Week and Williams, of the Tennesseeans, reported themselves, about Sunday noon, too unwell to remain longer in the field. Private R. A. Jackson reported himself sick on Monday. All of said men left against my advice, but with my permission.

While I would make no invidious distinctions, I feel it my duty to notice the coolness of Orderly Sergt. A. C. Gunz, Sergts. M. V. Shields and Perry Roberts, and of Privates B. F. Jackson, Mury M. McDonald, Harris Blaylock, Bellak, Philips, Holtzclaw, Alexander, Bownman, Lively, Parker, Sutherland, B. F. Stevenson, Warren, and Scaley.

Respectfully submitted.

I. W. AVERY,

Captain, Commanding Georgia Mountain Dragoons.

General WOOD.

Numbers 225 Report of Brigadier General John C. Breckinridge, commanding Reserve Corps.
HDQRS. RESERVE CORPS, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,April 17, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following statement of the small-arms, cannon, &amp;c., captured from the enemy in the battles of the 6th and 7th, by the Reserve Corps, exclusive of the cavalry, from whom there is no report:

Small-arms, 1,393; swords, 1l; cannon, 4 pieces.

The small-arms are now in the hands of my men, most of them taken from dead and wounded enemies, and substituted for rifles or guns before in our possession.

The four pieces were hauled several miles off the field and within our lines by Captain Rutledge, commanding battery in Statham's brigade, and it is confidently believed from a part of the captured cannon now at Corinth.

My command did not stop in their camps, but moved on under orders, and I think did its full share upon the line of its operations in the work, of which captured cannon, flags, small-arms, and prisoners were the result.

Respectfully,

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 226 Report of Colonel Robert P. Trabue, Fourth Kentucky Infantry, commanding First (Kentucky) Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST KENTUCKY BRIG., RESERVE CORPS,Corinth, Miss., April 15, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the conduct of this brigade in the actions of the 6th and 7th instant, at Shiloh, and during the few days succeeding:

