
Accompanying this will be found the reports of the various regimental and battery commanders, together with detailed statements of the killed, wounded, and missing.*

The brigade was composed of the Third Kentucky Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel Ben. Anderson commanding; Fourth Kentucky, Lieutenant Colonel [A. R.] Hynes; Sixth Kentucky, Colonel Joseph H. Lewis; Fifth Kentucky, Colonel Thomas H. Hunt; +Fourth Alabama Battalion, Major J. M. Clifton; Hale's Thirty-first [Fifty-second?] Alabama Regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Galbraith; a battalion of Tennessee infantry, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Crews; battery of light artillery, Captain Edward P. Byrne; battery of light artillery, Captain Robert Cobb, and Captain John H. Morgan's squadron of horse, amounting in all to about 2,400 men, exclusive of the squadron, which did not receive orders from me.

The Reserve Corps, commanded by General Breckinridge, having moved on Friday morning at daylight from Burnsville in the rain, bivouacked that night, after a day's march of 23 miles, near Monterey.

On the next morning, shortly before daylight, after having been exposed to the rain during the night, the corps was moved up to near Mickey's house, where it became necessary to halt until the roads were cleared of the troops in front, which, occurring in the afternoon, enabled General Breckinridge to march on the neighborhood road to the right of Mickey's house to a point within 3 or 4 miles of Pittsburg Landing, where on Saturday night we again bivouacked.

On Sunday morning the 6th, having advanced about 1 mile from place of bivouac, with this brigade leading, the command was again halted at the intersection of the Bark and interior roads until the front was cleared by the march forward of a portion of the command of General Polk, who was to precede the Reserve Corps. Wehn this occurred I received General Breckinridge's order to move forward in a condition for easy deployment in rear of General Polk's line, and almost immediately afterward was commanded to form line of battle and advance in that manner. The line having been instantly formed, the Third Kentucky on the right and the Fourth Kentucky on the left, with the batteries in the rear and opposite the center, the brigade was put in motion, following General Polk's command. Having proceeded thus a short distance, General Breckinridge communicated to me an order, just then received by him, to move with his two rear brigades on the Hamburg road, which led far to the right of the position first assigned to him. He at the same time directed me to continue moving forward on the line previously indicated, inclining to the left of the principal line of battle, in the rear of General Polk, and he then parted from me.

Moving forward as directed, I came under the enemy's fire at 9.30 a. m., having reached the verge of a long, crescent-shaped open field, which was without fencing, about one mile and a half from Pittsburg Landing. The shot and shell from the woods on the opposite side of the field fell thick and fast around us, but caused very few casualties.

Gov. George W. Johnson and Colonel Robert McKee, volunteer aides, here lost their horses, when the Governor shouldered a musket and joined the company of Captain Ben. Monroe, Fourth Kentucky.

I here halted the command for an instant in a slight depression of the ground, and rode forward on the open field to observe what might lie before and around me and to place Cobb's battery in position, which I did, but it was afterward moved under from some one and without my knowledge.

---------------

*Not found.

Hunt's regiment was afterward known as the Ninth.

---------------

