
somest manner and with complete success. The enemy, unwilling and unable to stand this charge, ran through their camps into the woods in their rear, whither we followed them. They were, however, too badly routed to make a stand, and for several hundred yards I moved forward without opposition. These woods intervene between the field and camps I have described and the field and camp in which General Prentiss surrendered, and are about three-quarters of a mile in width.

Soon after having entered the woods I found the ground broken and covered with a thick undergrowth, so that I was obliged to move cautiously and with my front covered by skirmishers. I was likewise delayed and embarrassed by some Louisiana troops, who were off to my left, and dressed in blue colors, like the enemy, as also by a battery which was firing across my front from the right. I sent out an aide to learn the identity of the Louisiana troops and a detachment to ascertain the character of the battery, and, having had the fire of this changed, I moved forward to the verge of the field in which General Prentiss surrendered, having encountered and dispersed a regiment, said to be of Missouri, and taken several prisoners, who were sent to the rear.

At this field Breckinridge and others were hotly pressing the enemy on the right, many of whom attempted to gain the woods through which I had passed, and at one time I was apprehensive they would turn my left, but by altering my position and delivering several well-directed fires they were turned back upon their camps, into which also, for some time, I directed my fire with effect.

The lines being gradually, after much hard fighting, drawn more and more closely around this camp, forced the surrender of General Prentiss, who seemed to be the last of their generals who made a stand. This brigade entered the camp nearly simultaneously with General Breckinridge and others from the right. I was halted here for a moment by order of General Hardee, and directed to send a regiment back in charge of the prisoners, and I assigned to this duty Lieutenant-Colonel Crews, who had rejoined me with his battalion.

Finding the troops who had come in from my right halting 100 or 200 yards in my front, I allowed the Sixth and Fifth Kentucky Regiments hastily to exchange their guns for Enfield rifles which the enemy had surrendered, and I then moved up and rejoined General Breckinridge, who, with Statham's and Bowen's brigades, was occupying the front line, being on the crest of the hill (or high land) overlooking the narrow valley of the Tennessee River, on which and near by was Pittsburg Landing.

Having been halted here for more than an hour, we endured a most terrific cannonade and shelling from the enemy's gunboats. My command, however, had seen too much hard fighting to be alarmed, and the Fourth Kentucky stood firm, while some of our troops to the front fell back through their lines in confusion. In company D, of this regiment, I lost at this place 11 men, and Lieutenant H. M. Kellar, of the Fifth Regiment, was wounded.

From this position, when it was nearly dark, we were ordered to the rear to encamp, which movement was effected in good order. I followed in the darkness of the night the Purdy road, after having reunited to my command Byrne's battery and the others of my troops who had been detached to the right, not including, however, Cobb's battery. This battery, after having been moved from the position in which I had placed it (as previously stated), maintained itself with extraordinary gallantry, as I am informed, against a large force, which, however, killed in the contest nearly all of its horses, and killed and wounded 37 of the men.

