
Having been thus disabled, Captain Cobb moved his battery off the field with mules to the rear, under orders to do so, all danger being past.

My command occupied the vacated camps of the Forty-sixth Ohio and Sixth Iowa Regiments on the Purdy road near the bridge over Owl Creek, but the tents having been mainly destroyed, my men were again exposed to rain, which fell during the night. The camps, however, were rich in subsistence, as in almost everything else. After a bountiful supper they slept, despite the rain. After having obtained returns from the whole command, I myself rode till 11 p. m. to find a general officer to whom to report for orders, and then sent an aide, with a mounted escort, for the same object, who rode all night without success. Thus closed Sunday, with a loss to this brigade of about 75 killed and 350 wounded.

Early Monday morning, having caused the arms to be discharged and cleaned, I prepared to renew the contest. Soon hearing firing to the right and somewhat to the front, and seeing General Ruggles' division marching to my rear to form off the right, as I understood, and being also informed that the enemy was to the left, I ordered Byrne's battery in position at the Owl Creek Bridge and formed in line parallel to the road.

In a short time my volunteer aide, Captain Samuel Gray, of Kentucky, whom I had dispatched to the front for orders, returned, with directions from General Bearegard to move forward to whatever point the firing seemed heaviest. I accordingly moved forward on the road, marching by the flank at a double-quick, and having passed Shiloh Church, leaving it to the right, I advanced about three-quarters of a mile beyond it. At this point I met General Bragg, who ordered me to form line per-pendicularly to the road and to the left of it, which I did by fronting the brigade and then changing front forward on first battalion. While this movement was being made I rode forward on first battalion. While this movement was being made I rode forward and placed Byrne's battery in position on a slight eminence or ridge at the edge of a field, being which (and at its base) the change of front would bring my line, thus being myself at the same time at a point where I could observe the execution of this movement. In this position Captain Byrne served his guns with skill and gallantry, silencing one and greatly damaging his guns with skill and gallantry, silencing one and greatly damaging another battery of the enemy. The enemy's right wing was in our front, and for four hours, in the presence and under the orders of General Bragg, we checked his advance at this quarter. The battery of Byrne drew the continuous fire of several guns from the enemy, by which I lost several men. It was pleasing to see with what alacrity my men volunteered to aid the battery as its men were wounded or became exhausted.

Meanwhile the firing had been approaching nearer and nearer to us from the right and center, and I was ordered to move from my position to the support of these points of our line. In advancing to the right I perceived that our forces were passing from their right toward the left, while the enemy were moving on parallel lines with them and in a corresponding direction. In proceeding I became engaged with the enemy in the woods to the right and a little in rear of the position I had just left, and bordering upon an old field, in which was a house that seemed to have been used as a forage depot. In and around this the enemy seemed well posted in strong force, though much concealed behind logs and bags, apparently of corn, which appeared to have been arranged with that view. While I was moving to my new position the Fourth Kentucky Regiment and Fourth Alabama Battalion, by General

