
Bragg's order, and without my knowledge, were moved out of the line, and advanced against overwhelming numbers at the north side of the field and to the north of the house just spoken of, being advised that they would be supported in the movement by General Anderson's brigade. At this time I was with the Sixth and Fifth and a remnant of the Third Kentucky Regiments on the west side of this field and to the west of the house. The enemy was posted in the form of a crescent, the inner side being the front. The Fourth Kentucky Regiment and Fourth Alabama Battalion, having approached to within 100 paces of the enemy's line, opened fire upon him, and received in turn a destructive fire from both the wings and the center. The contest was here continued for about twenty minutes, when the enemy fell back on their reserve, and the Fourth Kentucky Regiment and Fourth Alabama prepared to charge them with the bayonet, but before this could be done the enemy again advanced with redoubled forces, and they fell back on General Anderson's brigade, 400 or 500 yards in rear. United with this they again drove back the enemy, and thus forward and backward was the ground crossed and recrossed four times. This engagement is represented as having been most terrific, and, judging from results, could scarcely have been excelled in the courage and heroism displayed by our troops.

Here that matchless officer Thomas B. Monroe, jr., after performing prodigies of valor, was killed near the close of the scene. Here, too, Adjutant Forman was killed, as was also Lieutenant Dooley. Lieutenant-Colonel Hynes, whose conduct was most cool and courageous, was here slightly wounded. Senior Captain Joseph P. Nuckols, who had been wounded, was likewise, after the most decided coolness and gallantry, severely wounded. Here also were wounded Captains Benjamin J. Monroe, Thomas W. Thompson, and Joseph M. Fitzhenry. Lieutenant Thomas Steele was severely wounded and made prisoner, while Lieutenants John B. Moore and George B. Burnley were seriously and Lieutenant Peyton slightly wounded. All these officers were of the Fourth Kentucky, which went into action Sunday morning with 431 men.

Many officers also of the Fourth Alabama Battalion, whose conduct was excellent, were among the wounded; for more definite mention of whom reference is made to the report from that battalion. This small command behaved extremely well. And here also fell that noble patriot Gov. George W. Johnson, after having fought in the ranks of Captain Benjamin J. Monroe's company (E, Fourth Kentucky) with unfaltering bravery from early Sunday morning to this unhappy moment.

Eventually, seeing that they must be over powered, these troops were withdrawn and ordered a short distance to the rear, where they remained until reunited to the command.

With the Sixth and Fifth Regiments on the west side of the position I have described I was hotly engaged for an hour at and during the time just mentioned above, when I had occasion often to admire the courage and ability of Colonels Joseph H. Lewis and Thomas H. Junt, as well as the steadiness of their men. Our forces here were insufficient for a charge, and seeing the enemy's masses moving to his right, as also our own troops-being ordered by General Breckinridge, to whom I had reported here, he stating at the same time that he could maintain himself to the right where he was, but the enemy's movements required more troops of ours on the left-I followed the movement, and soon reached the brow of a hill on the main road to Pittsburg Landing, and about 150 yards to the right of Shiloh Church. At this point, upon my instance, Colonel Marmaduke, with his Arkansas regiment, united

