
with my command in support of the two 12-pounder howitzers which I had obtained from General Polk some 300 yards in the rear and had brought up to that position.

The fragmentary forces of both armies had concentrated at this time around Shiloh Church, and, worn-out as were out troops, the field was here successfully contested for two hours, when, as if by mutual consent, both sides desisted from the struggle.

Shortly before the close of the combat, having heard from one of my aides that some troops were in line a few hundred yards in rear, I left Colonel Hunt, Fifth Kentucky, in command, and galloped back to urge them to come up, intending with such a re-enforcement to charge the enemy with the bayonet, but I failed to secure their assistance.

Returning, I found that in my absence Colonel Hunt, with his usual gallantry, had ventured upon a charge, but found the enemy too strong for him, when he retired to the west side of Shiloh Church, where the command remained long after all other troops had been withdrawn, except a small force with Colonel Tappan, of Arkansas.

In the conflicts of this day Lieutenant Colonel Robert A. Johnston, after exemplary conduct, was wounded, Captain William Mitchell was killed, and Captain George A. King and Lieutenants Gillum, Harding, and Schaub were wounded; all of the Fifth Kentucky.

In the Sixth Kentucky, Lieutenant-Colonel Cofer, a cool, brave, and efficient officer, was wounded; Captain W. W. Bagby and Lieutenant M. E. Aull were mortally wounded; Captains D. E. McKendree and John G. Hudson were likewise wounded, as were also Lieutenants L. M. Tucker and Charles Dawson, the last named of whom was taken prisoner.

The Thirty-first [Fifty-second?] Alabama Regiment behaved with praiseworthy gallantry, for the losses of which in this day's conflict reference is made to the regimental report. And here, though out of place, I will mention that of the Fifth Regiment 4 color-corporals were killed and 3 color-corporals and the color-sergeant were wounded.

Late in the evening, my command being reunited, we rejoined General Breckinridge, with Statham's brigade, and halted at the junction of two roads, both apparently leading from Pittsburg Landing, and about 1 1/2 miles west of Shiloh Church, in the direction of Corinth. With this force and some cavalry General Breckinridge undertook to check any pursuit of our retiring army and cover the retreat. This was a hard duty, exposed as the command had been and wasted as they were by the loss of more than half their numbers; but the general was equal to the great undertaking, and his officers and men shared his devotion to duty.

Here we bivouacked in the mud and were exposed to the rain, which fell during the night. General Breckinridge had in some way provided fell during the night. General Breckinridge had in some way provided subsistence for the command sufficient for the night and morning. the enemy did not appear that night, and the next morning we slowly moved off 3 miles to Mickey's house, taking with us the wounded whom we found in abandoned wagons and in the houses on the road-side, as well as some captured property, which had been abandoned by other Confederate troops. Arrived at Mickey's house (where was a large hospital with 400 or 500 wounded men, a part of whom were Federal prisoners), we remained there three days, laboriously engaged in removing the wounded, burying the dead, and sending forward captured property. All having been accomplished, upon receiving orders from General Bearegard, General Breckinridge, with his command, moved into Corinth, arriving there on Friday. While at Mickey's house we had been advantageously posted to avoid surprise and repel attack.

