
of subsistence, for the immense aid they have given me during the period of my command, and had their services been less zealous and efficient I could not have advanced. Lieutenants E. D. Saunders, C. S. Medary, and R. Montgomery, my aides-de-camp, are also commended to the kindly notice of the Government. My special thanks are also due to Captain S. B. Brown, assistant quartermaster at Lexington, Ky. (who has performed to my great satisfaction duties which should have devolved on at least three officers); Captain J. H. Ferry, assistant quartermaster at Flat Lick, Ky., who suggested in my favor, by marching a force of convalescent soldiers to the front of the Gap, as though intending an assault, while I was attacking the place in the rear.

It affords me great pleasure to indorse all that Colonel De Courcy has said in commendation of his acting brigade quartermaster, Lieutenant J. D. Stubbs, Forty-second Regiment Ohio Volunteers. I am also deeply indebted to Lieutenant H. G. Fisher and his corps of signal officers; to Lieutenant C. H. Rogers, of the First Tennessee, for many acts of daring service, and to Captain W. G. Fuller, superintendent of the military telegraph. He has always been efficient, and his telegraphic line has nearly kept pace with the advance of my column. Nor can I close this report without expressing my deep obligations to Captain W. F. Patterson and the men of his command. He has rendered me constant and invaluable services during the two past months in making roads and constructing bridges on the various routes upon which my troops have moved and supplies have been received. His company was organized by the Military Board of Kentucky, but from some cause was not mustered into the service of the United States, though it has been performing the most arduous services under the command of different generals of the United States Army. General Thomas detailed Captain Patterson's command on extra duty while he commanded in the vicinity of Somerset, and for more than two months he has been discharging similar duty under my command. His company has never been paid, and I respectfully request authority to muster Captain Patterson and his company into the service of the United States.

Had the enemy not evacuated I should have taken up a position 2 miles in his rear and pounded him with my heavy guns and cut off his supplies until he should be forced to abandon his stronghold and give us a fair fight in an open field.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Chief of Staff, Florence, Ala.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 7TH DIV., ARMY OF THE OHIO,

No. 42. Camp near Rogers' Gap, Tenn., June 17, 1862.

The column will march to meet the enemy to-morrow morning in the following order:

I. Carter's brigade, with Lanphere's battery and the two 20-pounders, and 100 cavalry, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Munday, will march at 1 o'clock, on the new Valley road, entering it at its commencement on the Knoxville road, and proceed toward its intersection with the old Valley road. En route it will halt 45 minutes for breakfast

