
On Tuesday General Sherman's brigade, of the enemy, came to within a mile and a half of us, but being attacked by our cavalry, which General Breckinridge had stationed in the rear, that brigade was routed, losing 40 or 50 killed and about 75 prisoners, who were sent to Corinth.

Here I must be permitted to bear testimony to the resolution, ability, and endurance of General Breckinridge, which in these last days were severely taxed, but were not wanting to the demands of the occasion.

Thus I have given an account of the conduct of this brigade in the battle of the 6th and 7th instant and in three or four days succeeding.

I cannot too highly commend the gallantry and steadiness of these brave men. The courage, coolness, and ability of Colonel Hunt, of the Fifth Kentucky, were conspicuous, as were also those of his lieutenant-colonel, Robert A. Johnston, who was wounded on Monday morning, but kept his place.

No man could have possessed more gallantry than was shown by Colonel Lewis, of the Sixth Kentucky, and his lieutenant-Colonel, Cofer.

Major Hays, too, of the same regiment, behaved well.

I had occasion often to remark the self possession and ability of Lieutenant-Colonel Hynes, in command of the Fourth Kentucky, who was wounded, but did not leave the field, as also the conduct of Captain Joseph P. Nuckols, of this regiment, who had been wounded.

The conduct of Lieutenant-Colonel Anderson, commanding the Third Kentucky, is reported to me by one of my aides as having been extremely gallant, as was that of Major Johnston, both of whom were wounded.

Lieutenant-Colonel Crews, commanding Tennessee battalion, behaved well.

Major Clifton, commanding Alabama battalion detached from me early on Sunday, did not again come under my notice, but is said to have done his duty.

Lieutenant-Colonel Galbraith, commanding Thirty-first [Fifty-second] Alabama Regiment, executed to my satisfaction several orders I gave him, and in the early fight sunday, although not drilled, his regiment did excellent service.

Captain Byrne, as I have already said, managed his battery with skill and fought with great gallantry.

Captain Cobb, commanding light battery, unfortunately lost most of his horses and two of his pieces, but is represented to me as having fought with great courage and skill.

Captain John H. Morgan, with his squadron, was not under my immediate control, and has only to-day returned from the scene of conflict. On receiving his report I will add a supplement to this. His conduct is represented to have been such as all expected of so gallant a commander.

The captains and subalterns of the command who fought with distinguished courage are too numerous to be mentioned in this report. Regimental reports are referred to for justice to them. It may not be out of place to say, however, that the Third Kentucky came from the battle-field and from Mickey's house under command of First Lieutenant C. H. Meshew.

I am under obligations to my adjutant, Joseph Linden Robertson, and my volunteer aides, Samuel Gray, John Hooe, Thomas B. Darragh, Robert W. McKee, and Charlton Morgan, all of Kentucky (the last of whom was wounded on Sunday morning), and Charles J. Maston, of

