
Alabama, all of whom exhibited decided gallantry. But I have to mourn the loss of many who were very dear to the command, among whom Major Monroe is very deeply lamented. He fell nobly at his post. No officer of his rank could have been his superior, and no man in the army could have possessed more merit as a gentleman.

At the same place fell Gov. George W. Johnson, whose death will be mourned by thousands of his countrymen.

The command went into action with something less than 2,400 men, and the table of casualties shows an aggregate loss of 844. The list of missing is 97, all of whom were probably killed or wounded.

The losses of the different regiments, &amp;c., were as follows:

3rd Kentucky Regiment 174

4th Kentucky Regiment 213

5th Kentucky Regiment 134

6th Kentucky Regiment 108

Hale's 31st [52d] Alabama 79

Clifton's Alabama Battalion 30

Crews' Tennessee Battalion 55

Cobb's battery 37

Byrne's battery 14

------

Total 844

All the horses of the command belonging to the field and staff engaged in the action, with one or two exceptions, were either killed or wounded.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. P. TRABUE,

Colonel Fourth Kentucky, Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 227 Report of Colonel John D. Martin, Second Confederate Infantry commanding,

Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS BOWEN'S BRIGADE,Corinth, Miss., April 14, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor respectfully to report that on Sunday morning; the 6th instant, under your command, my regiment, with other regiments of your brigade, were at daylight ordered to the anticipated battle-field.

After a march of 2 miles our knapsacks, &c., were left. Soon after again reaching the road the roar of artillery broke upon the ear. We were then ordered to the scene of action at double-quick for nearly 2 miles, when the scene of battle lay before and below us. We were here formed in line of battle, the First Missouri and my regiment in front and the Ninth and Tenth Arkansas Regiments in the rear. We were led by General A. S. Johnston, who told us a few more charges and the day was ours. He halted in 200 or 300 yards, and told us to charge ahead; the enemy were before us. The Missouri and my regiment, after crossing a deep ravine, halted for a few minutes to await your arrival. When General Withers rode up and ordered us forward the enemy were near in force. After a march of 200 yards we reached a skirt of woods, and a brisk fire was opened upon us by the skirmishers of the enemy. Finding they were picking off our men, having

