
I cannot even imagine men acting more gallantly than your whole brigade during the time I had the honor to command them. Your efficiency as an officer, in training and disciplining the brigade, enabled the officers commanding to do most glorious and effective service.

I have the honor to respectfully submit the above.

Your obedient servant,

JNumbers D. MARTIN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

General JOHN S. BOWEN, Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 228 Report of Colonel Isaac L. Dunlop, Ninth Arkansas Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS BOWEN'S BRIGADE,Corinth, Miss., April 14, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor respectfully to report that on Sunday morning, the 6th instant, under your command, my regiment, with other regiments of your brigade, was at daylight ordered to the anticipated battle-field. After a march of 2 miles our knapsacks, &amp;c., were left. Soon after again reaching the road the roar of artillery broke upon the ear. We were ordered to the scene of action at double-quick for nearly 2 miles, when the scene of battle laid before and below us. We were here formed in line of battle, the First Missouri and my regiment in front, the Ninth and Tenth Arkansas Regiments in the rear. We were led by General A. S. Johnston. He told us a few more charges and the day was ours. He halted in 200 or 300 yards and told us to charge ahead; the enemy were before us. The Missouri and my own regiment, after crossing a deep ravine, halted to await your arrival. Then General Withers rode up and ordered us forward. The enemy in force were near. After a march of 200 yards we reached a skirt of woods, and a brisk fire was opened upon us by the skirmishers of the enemy. Finding they were picking off our men (having lost 4 or 5 in killed and wounded), an advance was ordered, and we immediately [crossed the] deep ravine, driving their skirmishers before us. On reaching the top of a hill wee were received with a destructive volley, killing and wounding about 12 of my men. Simultaneously we returned the fire and charged ahead. They fled in confusion. We killed and wounded many. We pursued for 200 or 300 yards and halted.

At this point General Breckinridge came up, whose noble appearance and gallant bearing inspired the men with the utmost enthusiasm.

He ordered my regiment to wheel to the left and march. After a march of 400 or 500 yards to where the ravine was expanded and shallow, upon turning to the right and marching [to the] brow of the hill we discovered the enemy in very large force, with artillery supported by infantry, his right resting on his encampment. I afterward learned that this was Prentiss' brigade. They poured upon us a most destructive fire, which we returned with coolness, promptness, and destructive [some pages missing] by the Second Confederate, First Missouri, and Tenth Arkansas.

Having been informed of your wound and disappearance from the field, Colonel Martin took command of the brigade by virtue of seniority, and moved to the extreme right, and advanced in the direction of the

