
river and the firing of batteries in front and to our right. We continued to follow them up until our position became one of extreme peril, placed, as we were, between two batteries, both pouring destructive volleys of grape and canister into our ranks. In this position we received orders to fall back to a safe position and await further orders. By this time night came on, and Colonel Martin withdrew us for the night to the encampment where I first attacked the enemy in the forenoon. This closed the fighting of the 6th instant. My loss in killed and wounded amounted to about 100.

on Monday morning, 7th instant, at twilight, my right was again drawn up in line of battle, by order of Colonel John D. Martin, together with other regiments of the brigade, taking position a little to the left of where I had first engaged the enemy on the day previous. We remained in this position but a few minutes when the enemy advanced. In the mean time, however, a battery of ours had been brought to bear upon him, and my regiment was ordered to support it by Colonel Martin. I remained in this position, fighting and repulsing the enemy several times.

After fighting in this position an hour, or perhaps two hours, General Jackson rode up and ordered my right to support him on his extreme left and to the left of my position, which order I endeavored to carry out, but before i got in position his brigade fell back to a ravine in our rear and again rallied. I moved in accordance with his order to meet the enemy, now advancing immediately in front. We again drove him back in this maneuver. I found after advancing several hundred yards that I had become detached from General Jackson's brigade and was then exposed to a destructive fire from both flanks. I immediately fell back to a safe distance, and again rallying my men, moved still farther to the left and joined the brigade again commanded by Colonel John D. Martin. From this position we drove the enemy three several times back some 400 yards with great slaughter.

At one time, when the day seemed almost lost to us, by a united effort on the part of the entire brigade and the undaunted courage of the commanding officer, we succeeded in arresting what appeared to be almost an entire rout of our forces on the right wing, and drove the enemy back. I made several other advances afterward with the brigade, but met with no enemy.

Finally, about 3 p. m., we received orders to fall back. This closed the fighting of April &amp;.

For meritorious and brave conduct I mention M. A. Duckworth, second lieutenant in Company K, who fell, shot through the heart, while bravely leading his men and cheering them on a charge. Many others acted nobly. Captain William J. Wallace acted with undaunted courage. After receiving a very painful wound in the hand he continued to lead his men.

Sergeant Ford, when the color-sergeant was shot down, sprang forward and lifting the colors from the ground, rushed forward into the hottest of the fight, calling to his comrades to follow.

My entire loss during the two days' fight is 115 wounded and 17 killed.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISAAC L. DUNLOP,

Colonel, Commanding Ninth Arkansas Volunteers.

General JOHN S. BOWEN.

40 R R-VOL X

