
manded a view of the ground upon which I expected to form, I found it occupied by the reserve of the enemy, full two regiments strong, advancing in line of battle. These troops were not engaged. As the head of the regiment, marching necessarily by file, with myself at its head, rose the eminence the enemy opened a very disastrous fire upon us, killing and wounding many and disabling my horse. I attempted to engage the enemy until the rear could arrive, but found that I was sacrificing the lives of my men, fighting 30 men against at least a regiment, with the advantage of position, and with no prospect but that the men would all be killed as they came in view, as they could only advance by file. I withdrew the command a short distance, dismounting the entire regiment, and advanced upon the enemy as skirmishers. I promptly advised General Beauregard of the position of the enemy's reserve, and that my command was fighting them upon foot. While thus engaged the left of our army fell back upon Shiloh Church, and I then withdrew the skirmishers and retired to a position near our infantry. Had it not been for the reserve of the enemy I feel assured that I could have formed and have successfully charged the rear of the enemy.

I then received an order from General Beauregard to move to the right of our army and protect its retreat. This was done, after detaching two companies to sustain a battery and another for scouting purposes.

I maintained a position next to Lick Creek until night-fall, and then encamped in rear of the entire army, throwing out pickets in connection with Colonels Adams, Forrest, and Lindsay.

On Tuesday morning my wound became so painful, having been in the saddle for two days after it was received, that I determined to report myself at Corinth. Turning over the command to Major Harrison, I accordingly proceeded to this place.

I respectfully refer you to Major Harrison's report of a brilliant charge, gallantly led by himself, upon the enemy's cavalry and infantry on Tuesday evening. The nature of the ground rendered a charge practicable, and the men and officers behaved with great courage.

I regret exceedingly that the face of the country deprived the Rangers from charging the enemy with effect during Sunday and Monday. I feel satisfied that we engaged the enemy with great success when the command fought them as skirmishers. I feel great pride in saying that not even when ambuscaded or when fighting at the odds of sixty to one did the men fall back until ordered by myself to do so, and that they always formed with great alacrity.

Below I submit a statement of the killed and wounded.

The regiment remained in rear of the army until the 10th instant, when it was ordered to the encampment at this place by General Beauregard.

Killed, Lieutenant Lowe, Company A, and 6 privates. Missing, 4 privates. Wounded, Colonel John A. Wharton, slightly; Clinton Terry, volunteer aide, severely; Captain R. T. King, Company A, arm broken; Captain M. L. Rayburn, Company E, arm broken; Second Lieutenant M. L. Gerom, severely; Captain G. Cooke, Company H, slightly, and 50 non-commissioned officers and privates. Total killed, wounded, and missing, 66. Horses killed, 56.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

JNumbers A. WHARTON,

Colonel, Commanding Texas Rangers.

Colonel THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

