HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., April 16, 1862.

SIR: With the hope that the information herein contained may be of service, the commanding general of this department begs leave to call your attention to the condition of affairs in a portion of North Carolina lying near the Tennessee line and in the vicinity of Bald Mountain, known as Laurel Valley.

Repeated depredations having been committed on this side of the mountain by armed parties of marauders from that quarter, the commanding general ordered, about the 5th of this month, a detachment of troops to proceed from Greeneville, in the State of Tennessee, into Laurel Valley, with instructions to put down any illegal organization of armed men that might be found there. These instructions were carried out as far as the circumstances of the case would permit, but as it was impossible to scour the country thoroughly, owing to the thickness of the undergrowth, many outlaws probably remain there. The commanding officer of the expedition reports that there seems to be a regular organization among them, and that the entire population who are able to bear arms are arrayed against us. He reports killing about 15 of them, with a loss on our part of 2 killed and 1 wounded.

Notwithstanding the universal hostility of the people to our cause no private property was molested, except what was necessary for our troops while there.

The commanding general respectfully recommends that some measures be taken by the authorities of North Carolina to put a stop to these depredations.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

By order of Major General E. Kirby Smith:

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Acting Aide-de-Camp.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF NORTH CAROLINA,

Raleigh, N. C.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., April 17, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel D. M. KEY,

Forty-third Regiment Tennessee Volunteers:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs me to express to you his appreciation of the energy and judgment displayed in the conduct of the late expedition into North Carolina, communicated in your report of the 14th instant. He desires also that this shall be communicated to the men then under your command in such terms as will assure them of his confidence in their zeal in the prompt discharge of their military duties and in their patriotism.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

