
at or near Kincaid's, where water may be best obtained, after which time the march will be resumed with caution.

II. The 100 cavalry under Lieutenant-Colonel Munday will be divided into two equal bodies of 50 men each, one constituting the advance guard of cavalry and the other the rear guard. The advance guard of cavalry will march 600 paces in front of the advance guard of infantry, and the artillery will march between the advance guard of five companies of infantry and the remaining five companies of the regiment from which the advance guard is detailed. The rear guard of cavalry will march 600 paces in rear of the rear guard of infantry, and each of the cavalry guards will throw out, the first to the front, the latter to the rear, 10 vedettes, who will march, under command of a lieutenant or sergeant, in twos, each two separate from those in front and rear. This order of march will apply to all commands having cavalry. Mr. Kincaid will act as guide to Carter's brigade.

III. Spear's brigade, conducted by Jefferson Powell and Daniel Cupp, as guides, will march, without wagons, at 1 o'clock, by the old Valley road to its intersection with the road leading from Alexander's across the Poor Valley Ridge. Upon arriving at the opposite side of that ridge the command will be halted for forty-five minutes for rest and breakfast, after which General Spears will proceed to the position which will be indicated by Powell, and there secretly and quietly place his men in ambush. After the opening of the battle he will attack the enemy in his flank or rear, depending upon his position. The most absolute stillness is necessary to the success of this maneuver.

IV. General Spears will look well to the ammunition of his men, and see that every man carries at least 80 rounds upon his person.

V. De Courcy's brigade, with Foster's battery and the two 30-pounder siege guns and 50 cavalry as an advance guard, under Captain Roper, will march at 1.30 o'clock, on the old Valley road, parallel with Carter's brigade, and will halt forty-five minutes for breakfast at Big Spring, 5 1/2 miles east of Roger's Gap.

VI. Baird's brigade will constitute the reserve, and will march at 2 o'clock and halt forty-five minutes for breakfast and rest, when it will continue to march in rear of De Courcy's brigade. During the march General Morgan will accompany General Baird at the head of his brigade. The cavalry, under Captain Martin, ordered to report to General Baird, will constitute the rear guard of cavalry, and will march 600 paces in rear of the infantry, and will throw out toward the rear 10 vedettes, under a lieutenant or sergeant, who shall march in twos, each file of which will be separated 20 paces from the files in front and rear. Wetmore's battery and the two brass howitzers are assigned to the command of General Baird.

VII. If possible, the men of all the commands will be required to fill their canteens with strong coffee to-night for breakfast and supper on to-morrow. Each brigade will march with its ammunition wagons and ambulances, and one wagon to a brigade laden with axes, spades, picks, and saws; and all other wagons will be left under the care of the brigade quartermasters, who will be instructed by brigade commanders to report for instructions to Major Garber, division quartermaster. The brigade of Spear will march without wagons.

VIII. All wagons not taken forward by their brigades will be formed and ready to march on the old Valley road immediately in rear of Baird's brigade. On arriving at Big Spring the division quartermaster will cause the wagons to be driven as close as possible to the base of the mountains, and if possible he will park them in the woods, and insist

