
APRIL 7-12, 1862.-Raid on Confederate line of communications between Chattanooga, Tenn., and Marietta, Ga.

LIST OF REPORTS

No. 1.-Report of the Judge-Advocate-General U. S. Army.

No. 2.-Letter from Major General Don Carlos Buell, U. S. Army.

No. 3.-Miscellaneous Confederate reports and correspondence.

No. 1 Report of the Judge-Advocate-General U. S. Army.

JUDGE-ADVOCATE-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

March 27, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit for your consideration the accompanying depositions of Corps. William Pittenger, Company G, Second Regiment Ohio Volunteers; Private Jacob Parrott, Company K, Thirty-third Regiment Ohio Volunteers; Private Robert Buffum, Company H, Twenty-first Regiment Ohio Volunteers; Corp. William H. Reddick, Company B, Thirty-third Regiment Ohio Volunteers, and Private William Bensinger, Company G, Twenty-first Regiment Ohio Volunteers, taken at this office on the 25th instant, in compliance with your written instructions, from which the following facts will appear:

These non-commissioned officers and privates belonged to an expedition set on foot in April, 1862, at the suggestion of Mr. J. J. Andrews, a citizen of Kentucky, who led it, and under the authority and direction of General O. M. Mitchel, the object of which was to destroy the communications on the Georgia State Railroad between Atlanta and Chattanooga. The mode of operation proposed was to reach a point on the road where they could seize a locomotive and train of cars and then dash back in the direction of Chattanooga, cutting the telegraph wires and burning the bridges behind them as they advanced until they reached their own lines. The expedition consisted of 24 men, who, with the exception of its leader, Mr. Andrews, and another citizen of Kentucky, who acted on the occasion as the substitute of a soldier, had been selected from the different companies for their known courage and discretion. They were informed that the movement was to be a secret one, and they doubtless comprehended something of its perils, but Mr. Andrews and Mr. Reddick alone seem to have known anything of its precise direction or object. They, however, voluntarily engaged in it, and made their way in parties of two and three, in citizens' dress, and carrying only their side-arms, to Chattanooga, the point of rendezvous agreed upon, where 22 out of the 24 arrived safely. Here they took passage, without attracting observation, for Marietta, which they reached at 12 o'clock on the night of April 11. The following morning they took the cars back again towards Chattanooga, and at a place called Big Shanty, while the engineer and passengers were breakfasting, they detached the locomotive and three box-cars from the train, and started at full speed for Chattanooga. They were now upon the field of the perilous operations proposed by the expedition, but suddenly encountered unforeseen obstacles. According to the schedule of the road, of which Mr. Andrews had possessed himself, they should have met but a single train on that day, whereas they met three, two of them being engaged on extraordinary service. About an hour was lost in waiting to allow these trains to pass, which enabled their pur-

