
suers to press closely upon them. They removed rails, threw out obstructions on the road, and cut wires from time to time, and attained when in motion a speed of 60 miles an hour, but the time lost could not be regained.

After having run about 100 miles they found their supply of wood, water, and oil exhausted, while the rebel locomotive, which had been chasing them, was in sight. Under these circumstances they had no alternative but to abandon their cars and flee to the woods, which they did under the orders of Mr. Andrews, each one endeavoring to save himself as best he might.

The expedition thus failed from causes which reflected neither upon the genius by which it was planned nor upon the intrepidity and discretion of those engaged in conducting it. But for the accident of meeting the extra trains, which could not have been anticipated, the movement would have been a complete success, and the whole aspect of the war in the South and Southwest would have been at once charged.

The expedition itself, in the daring of its conception, had the wildness of a romance, while in the gigantic and overwhelming results which it sought, and was likely to accomplish, it was absolutely sublime. The estimate of its character entertained in the South will be found fully expressed in an editorial from the Southern Confederacy, a prominent rebel journal, under date of April 15, and which is appended to and adopted as a part of Mr. Pittenger's deposition. The editor says:

The mind and heart shrink back appalled at the bare contemplation of the awful consequences which would have followed the success of this one act. We doubt if the victory of Manassas or Corinth were worth as much to us as the frustration of this grand coup d'etat. It is not by any means certain that the annihilation of Beauregard's whole army at Corinth would be so fatal a blow to us as would have been the burning of the bridges at that time these men.

So soon as those composing the expedition had left the cars and dispersed themselves in the woods the population of the country around turned out in their pursuit, employing for this purpose the dogs which are trained to hunt down the fugitive slaves of the South. The whole 22 were captured. Among them was Private Jacob Parrott, of Company K, Thirty-third Regiment Ohio Volunteers. When arrested he was, without any form of trial, taken possession of by a military officer and 4 soldiers, who stripped him, bent him over a stone, and while two pistols were held over his head a lieutenant in rebel uniform inflicted with a raw-hide upwards of 100 lashes on his bare back. This was done in the presence of an infuriated crowd, who clamored for his blood and actually brought a rope with which to hang him. The object of this prolonged scourging was to force this young man to confess to them the objects of the expedition and the names of his comrades, especially that of the engineer who had run the train. Their purpose was, no doubt, not only to take the life of the latter if identified, but to do so with every circumstance of humiliation and torture flogging it was suspended and Mr. Parrott was asked if he would not confess, but steadily and firmly to the last he refused all disclosures, and it was not until his tormentors were weary of their brutal work that the task of subduing their victim was abandoned as hopeless.

This youth is an orphan, without father or mother, and without any of the advantages of education. Soon after the rebellion broke out, though but eighteen years of age, he left his trade and threw himself

