
into the ranks of our armies as a volunteer, and now, though still suffering from the outrages committed on his person in the South, he is on his way to rejoin his regiment, seeming to love his country only the more for all that he has endured in its defense. His subdued and modest manner while narrating the part he had borne in this expedition showed him to be wholly unconscious of having done anything more than perform his simple duty as a soldier. Such Spartan fortitude and such fidelity to the trusts of friendship and to the inspirations of patriotism deserve an enduring record in the archives of the Government, and will find one, I am sure, in the hearts of a loyal people.

The 22 captives, when secured, were thrust into the negro jail at Chattanooga. They occupied a single room, half under ground and but 13 feet square,so that there was not space enough for them all to lie down together, and a part of them were, in consequence, obliged to sleep sitting and leaning against the walls. The only entrance was through a trap-door in the ceiling, that was raised twice a day to let down their scanty meals, which were lowered in a bucket. They had no other light or ventilation than that which came through two small tripple-grated windows. They were covered with swarming vermin, and the heat was so oppressive that they were often obliged to strip themselves entirely of their clothes to bear it. Add to this they were all handcuffed, and with trace-chains, secured by padlocks around their necks, were fastened to each other in companies of twos and threes. Their food, which was doled out to them twice a day, consisted of a little flour wet with water and baked in the form of bread, and spoiled pickled beef. They had no opportunity of procuring any supplies from the outside, nor had they any means of doing so, their pockets having been rifled of their last cent by the Confederate authorities, prominent among whom was an officer wearing the rebel uniform of a major. No part of the money thus basely taken was ever returned.

During this imprisonment at Chattanooga their leader, Mr. Andrews, was tried and condemned as a spy, and was subsequently executed at Atlanta June 7.

They were strong and in perfect health when they entered this negro jail, but at the end of something more than three weeks, when they were required to leave it, they were so exhausted from the treatment to which they had been subjected as scarcely to be able to walk, and several staggered from weakness as they passed through the streets to the cars.

Finally, 12 of the number, including the 5 who have deposed, and Mr. Mason, of Company K, Twenty-first Regiment Ohio Volunteers, who was prevented by illness from giving his evidence, were transferred to the prison of Knoxville, Tenn. On arriving there 7 of them were arraigned before a court-martial, charged with being spies. their trial, of course, was summary. They were permitted to be present, but not to hear either the argument of their own counsel or that of the judge advocate. Their counsel, however, afterward visited the prison and read to them the written defense which he made before the court in their behalf. The substance of that paper is thus stated by one of the witnesses, Corporal Pittenger:

He (the counsel) contended that our being dressed in citizens' clothes was nothing more than what the Confederate Government itself had authorized, and was only what all the guerrillas in the service of the Confederacy did on all occasions when it would be an advantage to them to do so, and he recited the instance of General Morgan having dressed his men in the uniform of our soldiers and passed them off as being from the Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry Regiment, and by that means succeeded in reaching a railroad and destroying it. This instance was mentioned to show that

