
William Campbell, private, Company K, Second Ohio Regiment, on the following charge and specifications, to wit:

CHARGE: Violation of section 2 of the one hundred and first article of the Rules and Articles of War.

Specification 1.-In this, that the said William Campbell, private Company K, Second Ohio Regiment, not owing allegiance to the Confederate States of America, and being in the service and Army of the United States, then and now at war with the Confederate States of America, did, on or about the 7th day of April, 1862, leave the Army of the United States, then lying near Shelbyville, Tenn.. and with a company of about 20 other soldiers of the U. S. Army, all dressed in citizens' clothes, repair to Chattanooga, Tenn., entering covertly within the lines of the Confederate forces at that post, and did thus, on or about the 11th day of April, 1862, lurk as a spy in and about the encampments of said forces, representing himself as a citizen of Kentucky going to join the Southern army.

Specification 2.-And the said William Campbell, private Company K, Second Ohio Regiment, U. S. Army, thus dressed in citizens' clothes, and representing himself as a citizen of Kentucky going to join the Southern Army, and did proceed by railroad to Marietta, Ga., thus covertly pass through the lines of the Confederate forces stationed at Chattanooga, Dalton, and Camp McDonald, and did thus, on or about the 11th day of April, 1862, lurk as a spy in and about the said encampments of the Confederate forces at the places stated aforesaid.

To which charge and specifications the prisoner plead, "Not guilty."

The court, after mature deliberation, find the accused as follows:

Of the first specification of the charge, "guilty."

Of the second specification of the charge, "guilty."

and "guilty" of the charge.

And the court do therefore sentence the accused, the said William Campbell, private Company K, Second Ohio Regiment (two-thirds of the members concurring therein), as soon as this order shall be made public, "to be hung by the neck until he is dead."

The proceedings in the foregoing case of William Campbell, private Company K, Second Ohio Regiment, are approved. The sentence of the court will be carried into effect between the 15th and 22nd days of June instant, at such time and place as may be designated by the commanding officer at Atlanta, Ga., who is charged with the arrangements for the proper execution thereof.

By command of Major General E. Kirby Smith:

J. R. BELTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

TO COMMANDING OFFICER OF POST AT ATLANTA, GA.

ATLANTA, GA., September 16, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: Your letter of September 11, 1862, to Major Lee, provost-marshal, has been shown me by him, and, as far as I am acquainted with the matter, General Smith only sent from Knoxville instructions and orders to have 7 of them hung, which was promptly attended to by myself; the remaining 14 were reported to this office only for safekeeping, some having been tried, but not sentenced, and others not

