
tried. The only office which can properly answer your inquiry is that of Major General E. K. Smith.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

G. J. FOREACRE.

ATLANTA, GA., November 18, 1862.

CLIFTON H. SMITH, Asst. Adjt. General Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose the report of prisoners now confined at this post, as requested in your communication of 15th instant. I take leave respectfully to remark that when I took charge of this post I found the bridge-burners and engine-thieves confined here in the jail of the county, under a contract made by General E. K. Smith. My force being limited, I could not put a very large guard at the jail building, but immediately placed a much stronger force than had usually been stationed there; notwithstanding, they were enabled, as I have every reason to believe, from outside influences, which I was unable to counteract with the force then at [my] control, to make their escape.

I found out afterwards that the jailer, contrary to my oft-repeated orders, went, alone and unarmed, into the room in which they were confined, and being immediately overpowered, 13 of them succeeded in making their escape. Three of these were, after their escape, killed by my guard, and one or two wounded. One of them was afterwards recovered and reconfined. I immediately made arrangements to have them all removed to suitable barracks and a much superior building as regards strength, and in a more central part of the city, where I now have them all properly and strongly guarded.

There is no blame attaching to the guard. The escape was owing in part to the fact that the jailer, as I remarked above, went in improperly, and I think in part to the fact that they had sympathizers outside. I made long and diligent search for these prisoners, but from the unusual facilities afforded and the great number of sympathizers i was unable to recapture them all. There were no papers turned over to me by my predecessors, with the exception of the proceedings of a general court-martial which sat in Chattanooga, which papers were all forwarded to the Secretary of War by his own orders, said papers referring to those who were executed.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. LEE,

Commanding Post and Provost-Marshal.

P. S.-I will simply add that the facts above stated were duly reported through Major-General Jones to the War Department.

APRIL 8, 1862.-Reconnaissance from Shiloh Battle-field.*

Report of Brigadier General William T. Sherman, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,Tuesday, April 8, 1862.

SIR: With the cavalry placed at my command and two brigades of my fatigue troops I went this morning out on the Corinth road. One

---------------

*For report of Major Thomas Harrison, Texas Rangers (unattached), see p. 923.

---------------

