
upon quiet and no fires. Major Garber will secure a guide for this purpose.

IX. It is very probable that the enemy will seek to turn our position from one of the roads leading to Knoxville, and to embarrass any such movement it will be well for General Carter to cause the first Knoxville road to be examined with reference to blockading the road. Captain Patterson, with his company, will be ordered to report to General Carter for fatigue duty.

X. Should the occasion favor such a maneuver General Carter will do well to threaten the enemy's left, taking care not to separate himself at too great a distance from the center.

XI. General Baird will station his cavalry guard at Big Spring, with orders to throw out horsemen to the rear for the distance of 1 mile. General Carter will adopt a similar precaution at a point to be indicated by Mr. Kincaid, his guide.

XII. Should the enemy charge, he should be boldly and fiercely charged, but not until he has come within 50 yards. His troops will then be blown, while ours will be fresh.

XIII. It is a trick of the enemy to fall back as if in retreat, in order to draw our troops into ambush. Prudence, combined with valor, will render both expedients fruitless.

XIV. The troops will be expected to carry two days' cooked provisions in their haversacks.

XV. In consequence of intelligence just received as to the supposed position of the enemy, paragraph III of General Orders, No. 42, is hereby modified as follows: Spears' brigade will march with ammunition wagons on the New Valley road forty-five minutes after the rear of Carter's brigade has entered that road. En route General Spears will halt forty-five minutes for breakfast and rest at or near Kincaid's, where the canteens of the troops must be filled with fresh water. Then General Spears will occupy the cross road connecting the new and old Valley roads, beyond the Big Spring, with two regiments, to be held in reserve, while he will hold his other two regiments on or in the neighborhood of the new Valley road, as the circumstances may require.

It is desired that the battle be opened and kept up with artillery as long as possible, so as to compel the enemy's infantry to leave their positions.

By command of General Morgan:

CHAS. O. JOLINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 3. Report of Captain Jacob T. Foster, First Wisconsin Battery, Chief of Artillery,

of operations June 6-18.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY, SEVENTH DIV., ARMY OF THE OHIO,Cumberland Gap, June 21, 1862.

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to report that, according to General Orders, No. 39, the line of march was taken up for the attack of Cumberland Gap by the siege battery, consisting of two 20 and two 30 pounder Parrott guns, on Friday, June 6, 1862, under command of Lieutenant Webster, of Foster's First Wisconsin Battery. Preparations were made as extensively as possible in this part of the country,

