
APRIL 11, 1862.-Skirmish at Wartrace, Tenn.

Report of Major General E. Kirby Smith, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., April 28, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on the 10th instant a detachment of the Eighth Tennessee Cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Starnes, was sent out from Hillsborough, in this State, by order of Brigadier-General Maxey, for the purpose of scouring the country lying near the western slope of the Cumberland Mountains.

This force, consisting of about 200 men, came upon a body of the enemy, 600 strong, at Wartrace, in Bedford County, and immediately attacked them in their camp.

After a short engagement our men were withdrawn, with a loss of 3 killed and 8 wounded. The killed are Lieutenant Wilson, Dr. Drahe, and Private Austin Stanley. The names of the wounded are not given.

Lieutenant-Colonel Starnes reports killing a considerable number of the enemy, but owing to the fact that they fought from their tents, their exact loss could not be ascertained. A good effect was, however, produced, as it was a surprise to the enemy, and so alarmed him as to stop for some time the running of trains on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad.

The officer commanding the expedition reports that the officers and men of his command behaved themselves with great gallantry.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.

APRIL 12-13, 1862.-Expedition to Bear Creek, Ala.

LIST OF REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General William T. Sherman, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Major Samuel M. Bowman, Fourth Illinois Cavalry.

Numbers 1 Report of Brigadier General William T. Sherman, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,Camp Shiloh, April 14, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to verbal orders from General Grant, ratified in person by General Halleck, I embarked on board the transports Tecumseh and White Cloud, during the evening of the 12th instant, 100 men of the Fourth Illinois Cavalry, under command of Major S. M. Bowman, and the brigade of General Fry, and, escorted by the gunboats Tyler and Lexington, Commanders Gwin and

