
vates on road toward Purdy after the infantry pickets on the banks of the creek. I found the road, which runs due west for half a mile, very bad, but passable for artillery; then it became extremely good and dry. After passing several by-roads southeast and about 4 miles from the pickets, I came to a cross-road running due north and south. Considering it unwise to pass it, I stationed the main body of my command, and sent one detachment, under command of Lieutenant Kelley, to the front toward Purdy, and another south on the cross-road toward Corinth. A negro whom I met stated, after an examination, that he came from the farm of a Mr. Johnson, 2 miles distant, where about 150 to 200 Southern cavalry were stationed, and had been there since Tuesday last. He also stated that 1 mile farther another body of cavalry, about 400 strong, were stationed at a so-called powder magazine. I then proceeded to reconnoiter within a half mile of the former cavalry, and after having convinced myself of the truth, I returned. Lieutenant Kelley in the mean time had marched 5 miles toward Purdy, and found everything quiet and no sign of any troops. It is my belief that there are only cavalry forces between here and 12 miles, which could be outflanked and taken very easily. I cannot omit to remark that I found no outside cavalry pickets on my roads.

Very respectfully, yours.

CHR. THIELEMANN,

Major.

Numbers 3 Report of Captain Berthold Marschner.

APRIL 13, 1862.

In obedience to orders from Major Thielemann, commanding battalion, Captain B. Marschner and lieutenant, with 50 men, proceeded on the Corinth road about 6 miles from headquarters, passing through the outside cavalry pickets stationed about 5 miles from here, and proceeded about 1 mile farther, and found a small camp, with tents, and Confederate soldiers walking to and fro. Seeing this, I formed a line of battle and proceeded with a squad of men to investigate the place. Upon close approaching, a flag of truce appeared, to inform themselves of Jim Johnson, of the Confederate Army. Upon questioning the, Major, of the Second Indiana Cavalry, came up and consulted me in regard to the same. We concluded to send an officer of the Second Indiana Cavalry to conduct the colonel and son of the above-named Johnson under flag of truce, both of the Confederate Army, to the commanding general of this field, seeing the infantry and cavalry pickets at the above-mentioned place of the Confederate Army.

B. MARSCHNER,

Captain Company A, Commanding Patrol.

