
executed the orders, performing with cheerfulness and alacrity all the duty assigned to them.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. BALLENTINE,

Captain Company A, Commanding Scouting Party.

To the ADJUTANT,

First Regiment Tennessee Cavalry.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY,Ripley, Miss., April 330, 1862.

Approved and respectfully submitted to the general commanding the army.

Great credit is due to Captain Ballentine and the officers and men of this command for the energy displayed on this trip. I would state for the information of the general commanding that there is a large supply of cotton, purchased by a firm in Memphis, stored at Brownsville, and I am informed that parties are purchasing cotton through the country.

W. H. JACKSON,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

APRIL 27, 1862.-Skirmish at Pea Ridge, Tenn.

Report of Major General John A. McClernand, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,Camp Stanton, Tenn., April 27, 1862.

SIR: Upon returning from your headquarters to-day, in view of the information given by the negroes whom I sent you, I ordered a reconnaissance by my cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel McCullough. He has just come in, reporting that he went to Stantonville, 8 miles from Pittsburg, and on the road from that place to Purdy. On his way from Stantonville to Pea Ridge he captured one of the enemy's cavalry scouts, who is now in my camp. Upon arriving at Pea ridge he encountered the enemy's pickets, killing 3 of them and driving others back. He met with these pickets about 5 miles from my camp.

Two other negroes, picked up by my mounted pickets, report that they belong to a man named Johnson, who lives about 4 miles from my camp. These negroes say that the enemy's pickets were formerly posted at their master's house, but are now about 1 mile beyond, and the enemy's camp about 4 miles beyond that. It was also discovered by my cavalry that the road over which they passed from the Purdy to the Corinth road was much cut up, probably by the artillery of the enemy about the time of the battle of Shiloh.

Yours, &amp;c.,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding First Division.

