
APRIL 28, 1862.-Skirmish near Monterey, Tenn.

Reports of Major General John Pope, U. S. Army.

ELEVEN AND A HALF MILES SOUTHWEST OF GRIER'S,

April 28, 1862.

[SIR: ] Both roads are good; need short bridges and corduroys in places. Sent out five companies of cavalry this morning; met 150 of enemy's cavalry foraging; brisk skirmish and chase. Enemy lost 5 killed (1 major) and 19 prisoners. Our loss none. Small force, about 2,000, at Monterey, with one or two light batteries. My whole force up and in hand. I do not know exactly the position of Buell's force. My pickets connect through Elliott with Thomas. Am all ready to move forward.

Have you received my dispatch of this morning in relation to movement on Farmington with strong force? I think there is no considerable force of enemy on any road this side of Corinth.

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General.

Major-General HALLECK.
HEADQUARTERS NEAR GRIER'S,April 28, 1862.

I occupied Monterey this morning at 9 o'clock; took tents, baggage, and supplies. Enemy fled during the night. Our advance went 1 1/2 miles beyond Monterey toward Corinth, and found battery of enemy on road. As their orders did not justify, it they went no farther. Took 15 prisoners in the town and deserted camps. The reconnaissance toward Farmington still out. Unless your disapprove I will push forward reconnaissance on Corinth to-morrow morning. our forces still occupy Monterey, but will return to this camp. Please acknowledge the receipt of this dispatch, as I am not sure that you receive all I send.

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General.

Major-General HALLECK.

APRIL 28, 1862.-Skirmish at Paint Rock Bridge, Ala.

LIST OF REPORTS

Numbers 1.-Colonel Joshua W. Sill, Thirty-third Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Alfred R. Chapin, Tenth Wisconsin Infantry.

Numbers 3.-Sergt. William Nelson, Tenth Wisconsin Infantry.

Numbers 4.-Congratulatory order of Major General Ormsby M. Mitchel, U. S. Army.

Numbers 1 Report of Colonel Joshua W. Sill, Thirty-third Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH BRIGADE,Camp Taylor, May 13, 1862.

SIR: I beg leave to transmit herewith reports concerning a skirmish at Paint Rock Bridge on the night of the 28th ultimo, between 24 men

