
of the Tenth Wisconsin Regiment and about 250 rebels, in which the enemy is reported to have lost 6 killed and several wounded. Our men had 6 wounded. This affair is one of the most brilliant of the campaign as regards personal bravery, and I trust will meet a proper reward. The conduct of Sergeants Makimson and Nelson, especially that of the former, merits the highest approbation. To their firmness and resolution we are indebted for still having the railroad in our possession to Bellefonte.

Very respectfully, yours.

J. W. SILL,

Colonel, Commanding Ninth Brigade.

Captain W. W. PRENTICE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2 Report of Colonel Alfred R. Chapin, Tenth Wisconsin Infantry.
HDQRS. TENTH REGIMENT WISCONSIN VOLUNTEERS,Paint Rock, Ala., May 13, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with your request I forward you Sergt. William Nelson's report of the skirmish at Paint Rock Bridge. By order I detached Sergeant Nelson and 15 men to guard this bridge. Lieutenant Harkness, posted at Woodville, with 20 men, learned through negro information that the bridge was threatened, and sent Sergt. Augustus H. Makimson and 10 men to re-enforce the guard at the bridge. After the fight my men found 1 of the enemy killed and 1 severely wounded. The wounded man reports that the enemy's forces consisted of 250 cavalry, who dismounted to attack the bridge. He also stated that they had 6 men killed before he was wounded. All of my men agree in giving much credit to Sergeant Makimson for his coolness. When ordered to surrender he replied that he would not do it as long as he had a man alive. Although Sergeant Nelson had the command, from what I can learn I think the most credit is due to Sergeant Makimson.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. CHAPIN,

Colonel Tenth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers.

Colonel J. W. SILL,

Commanding Ninth Brigade.

Numbers 3 Report of Sergt. William Nelson, Tenth Wisconsin Infantry.

PAINT ROCK BRIDGE, May 8, 1862.

SIR: It seems that you did not get my report of the affair with the enemy at this bridge on the night of April 28, 1862. I therefore send you an outline, knowing that you are cognizant of the general outline of the skirmish through hearsay.

On the night of April 28, 1862, the enemy's cavalry, 250 strong, assisted by a number of citizens, made an attack on the guard at this

