
bridge, for the purpose of driving them out and burning the structure. Their attack was continued for more than two hours, when they withdrew, having entirely failed in their attempts.

WM. NELSON,

Sergeant Company I, Commanding.

Colonel A. R. CHAPIN.

Numbers 4 Congratulatory order of Major General Ormsby M. Mitchel, U. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,

No. 101. Camp Taylor, May 20, 1862.

The general commanding has received with high gratification the official report of the commanding officer of the Ninth Brigade of the defense of Paint Rock Bridge on the night of April 28, made by Sergts. W. Nelson, Company I, and A. H. Makimson, Company H, Tenth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, and the men under their command. The coolness, determination, and bravery displayed by the non-commissioned officers and soldiers on this occasion are worthy of the highest commendation. Attacked in the night-time by an overwhelming force, ten times their number, this handful of brave and determined men sternly refused the summons to surrender, sustained the enemy's attack for more than two hours, and finally drove him from the field with a severe loss of killed and wounded.

Sergeants Nelson and Makimson are recommended to the regimental and brigade commanders and to the Governor of their State for promotion, and the soldiers who fought under them so heroically will not be forgotten.

By order of Major General O. M. Mitchel:

W. P. PRENTICE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 29, 1862.-Action at West Bridge, Bridgeport, Ala.

LIST OF REPORTS

Numbers 1.-Major General Ormsby M. Mitchel, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General Danville Leadbetter, C. S. Army, with instructions from Major General E. Kirby Smith.

Numbers 1 Report of Major General Ormsby M. Mitchel, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH BRIGADE,Stevenson, Ala., April 29, 1862.

The expedition ordered against Bridgeport, consisting of two companies of cavalry, two pieces of artillery, and six regiments of infantry, reached Stevenson on Monday [28th]. On that night the wires were cut and one of our bridges on the road attacked by quite a large force, and

