
a conflict ensued lasting nearly two hours. The guard at the bridge, 26 in number, commanded by a sergeant, repelled the enemy with success.

I deemed it my duty to proceed in person to Stevenson, and on this a. m. advanced, with four regiments of infantry, cavalry, and artillery, by the railway, to the burned bridge, within 4 miles of Bridgeport. There we met the enemy's outposts. After driving them in-making the impression that when we advanced it would be by the railroad-we suddenly threw ourselves across the country about a mile to the Stevenson and Bridgeport road, dragging our artillery by hand, reconstructing two bridges by the way, and advancing rapidly upon the enemy, with the view to his surprise. Scouts, while we were rebuilding the bridges and meeting the cavalry of the enemy on outpost duty, charged them so vigorously as to compel them to abandon the Bridgeport road, taking the route to Jasper. We were thus enabled to advance to within 400 yards of the enemy's position on the other side of the bridge and take him completely by surprise. Our first fire emptied redoubt and breastworks, the enemy fleeing across the bridge with scarcely any show of resistance. Having been informed by a person who was in Bridgeport during the day that they were waiting for us with a force of 5,000 infantry and a regiment of cavalry, after opening our fire I deemed it proper to move with caution. The enemy attempted to blow up the big bridge; failing in this, he opened fire at the farther extremity. He then passed around and fired the draw-bridge in spite of the shells from Loomis' guns. Volunteers, called out by myself, from the Second Ohio, Colonel Harris, rushed across the main bridge and saved it. So completely were the enemy surprised, that twenty minutes after the firing commenced a body of 40 or 50 cavalry came dashing through a wheat field in full sight, just below the bridge, supposing our troops to be there, and advanced within 400 yards. Our cavalry dashed after them while our artillery opened fire. How many escaped I do not know. Placing Colonel Sill in command, I left at 7 p. m. for Stevenson. Holding the main bridge, we can cross to the other shore whenever it be deemed advisable.

O. M. MITCHEL,

Commanding Third Division.

General D. C. BUELL.

Numbers 2 Report of Brigadier General Dannville Leadbetter, C. S. Army, with instructions from Major General E. Kirby Smith, C. S. Army.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, DEPT. OF EAST TENNESSEE,Chattanooga, Tenn., May 5, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the enemy, 1,100 or 1,200 strong, advanced against Bridgeport on the 29th ultimo. My command guarding the bridges at that place consisted of 450 infantry of the newly-raised regiments (the Thirty-ninth and Forty-third Georgia), with 150 cavalry, employed only as scouts. The infantry was posted on the heights, in advance of the West bridge, about 500 yards distant, leaving a rear guard of 50 men near the bridge end and on either side of it, covered by musketry breastworks. Two iron 6-pounders (old

