
MONTEREY, May 13, 1862. (Received May 14, 2 p. m.)

By last advices General Curtis' forces had passed Searcy, and were rapidly approaching Little Rock. If the gunboats can reach memphis from either direction communication can be opened with Curtis by land through Mattison, or by water up the Arkansas and White Rivers. We are gradually advancing on Corinth, but as the enemy is strongly intrenched, and his number equal if not superior to ours, it is necessary to move with great caution. Most of the country passed over is a thick forest, with numerous streams and deep marshes, which require corduroys and bridges. Our progress is necessarily slow.

H. W. HALLECK.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

BEFORE CORINTH, May 18, 1862.

Our whole line moved up yesterday to within 2 miles of enemy's works, driving back their advance guards, which made strong resistance, upon the Purdy road. Major-General Sherman's division (our extreme right) lost 8 killed, 31 wounded. Loss in other divisions very slight. The enemy apparently waiting our attack upon his works. Country is so wooded and marshy that we are obliged to feel our way step by step.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

CAMP, CORINTH ROAD, May 22, 1862.

Daily skirmishing between our reconnoitering parties and the enemy.

General Buell lost 25 men killed and wounded yesterday. Country in our front marshy and densely wooded. I hear nothing of the Kansas troops. Have they been ordered here? All my re-enforcements will be here in about four days. Beyond that I have nothing to expect from this department, and if none from other sources, there will be no use in further delaying an attack. The Sanitary Commission and State Governors carry away troops faster than I can recruit. Men only slightly unwell or feigning sickness are carried away without any authority.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, May 24, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Near Corinth, Miss:

Several dispatches from Assistant Secretary Scott and one from Governor Morton, asking re-enforcements for you, have been received. I beg you to be assured we do the best we can. I mean to cast no blame when I tell you each of our commanders along our line from Richmond to Corinth supposes himself to be confronted by numbers superior to his own. Under this pressure we thinned the line on the Upper Poto-

