
me that Beauregard was making a stand at Baldwin, 31 miles south, and was likely to attack his advance guard, under Generals Rosecrans and Hamilton. I immediately ordered General Buell with two divisions to advance in direction, and if he deemed necessary to assume the entire command, as the ranking officer. As the entire force on the Mobile and Ohio south of Corinth is nearly 60,000 no apprehension is felt for the result. The other divisions of the army are repairing the railroad to Decatur, Memphis, and Columbus, but can be immediately brought into position if required. It is believed that the enemy is making a demonstration merely to cover his retreat.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

WASHINGTON, June 5, 1862-9.30 p. m.

I have received the following dispatch from General McClellan, which I transmit for your consideration:

McCLELLAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

June 5, 1862- 4 p. m.

Honorable ABRAHAM LINCOLN:

May I again invite your excellency's attention to the great importance of occupying Chattanooga and Dalton by our Western forces? The evacuation of Corinth would appear to render this very easy. The importance of this move and force cannot be exaggerated.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

A. LINCOLN.

Major-General HALLECK.

CORINTH, June 7, 1862.

Your telegraph of yesterday just received.* Preparations for Chattanooga made five days ago, and troops moved in that direction. Mitchel's foolish destruction of bridges embarrassed me very much, but I am working night and day to remedy the error, and will very soon re-enforce him.

H. W. HALLECK.

To the PRESIDENT.

CORINTH, June 9, 1862.

The enemy has fallen back to Saltillo, 50 miles by rail and near 70 by wagon road. General Pope estimates rebel loss from casualties, prisoners, and desertion at over 20,000, and General Buell at between 20,000 and 30,000. An Englishman employed in the Confederate commissary department says they had 120,000 men in Corinth, and that now they cannot muster much over 80,000. Some of the fresh graves on the road have been opened and found filled with arms. Many of the prisoners of war beg not to be exchanged, saying that they purposely allowed themselves to be captured. Beauregard himself retreated from Baldwin on Saturday afternoon to Okolona. General Buell, with four divisions, has been directed to move east, to form a junction with Mitchel. The destruction of the railroad and bridges will

---------------

*Reference is probably to the President's dispatch of June 5, above.

---------------

