
brigade, of Wood's division, without loss on our side. A few of the enemy were taken prisoners.

On the 8th the construction of roads across Chambers Creek and the marshy ground on either side was pushed forward vigorously by the divisions of Mccook and Wood. The working parties of these divisions were attacked by the enemy, with a small loss on each side. Nelson was thrown to the left some 2 miles across Chambers Creek to Nichols' Ford, on Seven-mile Creek, to support a reconnaissance made by general Pope. He returned to his position at 4 o'clock a. m. on the 9th, and at 10.30 o'clock was summoned again to the support of General Pope, who reported that his advance guard had been attacked and driven from near Farmington, and that the enemy was advancing fiercely on his camp. Crittenden's division, which had been in reserve, was also moved to the left to support Pope. Nelson's pickets were attacked at Nichols' Ford, but the enemy soon retired from his immediate front and from the attack on Pope.

The distance between my left and General Pope's right being too great for prompt support, my whole force was on the 10th moved to the left some 3 miles. Nelson retained his position at Nich;s' Ford; Wood closed on Nelson's right, crossing Chambers Creek, and McCook was placed in reserve, also across Chambers Creek. On the 12th Crittenden took post on Nelson's left. In this position the troops were employed in making roads across Seven Mile Creek.

On the 14th McCook's division was ordered to the front on reconnaissance, with Johnson's brigade in front and Rousseau's in reserve. Some skirmishing ensued, and the enemy's advanced troops fell back.

On the 17th General Pope and myself made a personal reconnaissance of the ground along and to the front of the Farmington and Purdy road, which runs about parallel with the enemy's lines, and on the evening of that day we moved our forces across Seven Mile Creek up to that road. Some skirmishing attended this movement, which was not completed until some time after dark. The right of Wood's division of my army rested at Driver's house, on the direct Monterey and Corinth road. Next came Nelson, and next Crittenden, with his left resting on the Farmington and Corinth road. McCook's division was in reserve. General Pope was on my left, with his left flank retired. T. W. Sherman's division, which formed the left of the Army of the Tennessee, was on my right. It was the division originally commanded by General Thomas, and temporarily transferred from my army. The length of my line was about a mile and three-quarters. In this position we were ordered by General Halleck to intrench.

We were now 2 miles from the enemy's works, with a diversified country between. Phillips' Creek, thickly wooded on our side, but for the most part open toward the enemy, ran parallel with and near the enemy's lines. In front of Sherman the ground sloped in an open field down half a mile to a small branch of Bridge Creek, which empties into Phillips' Creek half a mile below the Farmington and Corinth road, and was densely wooded on both sides. Between these two creeks, in front of Sherman's division, rose a thickly wooded and somewhat elevated hill, called Serratt's Hill, which at a distance of less than a thousand yards looked into the enemy's works beyond Phillips' Creek. Serratt's house was at the point where the direct road from Monterey crosses Bridge Creek in front of Sherman's left.

In front of Wood was an open field, bordered toward Bridge Creek by thickly-wooded spurs of the high land on which we were formed.

In front of Nelson's right the ground, thickly wooded, sloped more

