
were re-enforcing heavily on our left, which, it was stated, would undoubtedly be attacked at daylight, and desiring me to be prepared to support General Pope. Deeming the orders I had given the evening before sufficient for that contingency, if it should occur, I made no change in my dispositions. About 4.30 o'clock I received a message from General Nelson, to the effect that the enemy were evacuating Corinth and that he had ordered his troops to advance. In view of the dispatches I had received from General Halleck and General Pope only two hours and a half earlier, I deemed it proper to adhere to the instructions I had given the evening before, and accordingly sent word to General Nelson to advance at the time I had appointed. Very soon after the divisions of McCook and Nelson entered the enemy's works. About a hundred prisoners, the most of them sick, were found in the place, but no stores of any importance. The little that the enemy did not carry away he destroyed.

It appears that the officers from the right and left who entered Corinth on the morning of the 30th reported the fact promptly to General Halleck, who immediately telegraphed the reports to Washington, and the publicity given too them through the press has given rise to some rivalry as to which of the three armies first entered the enemy's works. I have no doubt myself that the honor is due to Major-General Nelson. It is certain that he discovered the enemy were evacuating when others supposed instead that they were preparing to attack. I did not, however, deem the question of priority of so much importance as to anticipate it, and therefore did not forward General Nelson's report for some time after it was received.

On the 30th my cavalry, under Colonel Jackson, with a battery of artillery, pursued and attacked the enemy's rear guard at a creek 5 miles out on the Kossuth road, but that road was so much obstructed by fallen trees and burned bridges as to render it impossible to make any effectual pursuit in that direction.

By General Halleck's order General Pope took up the pursuit with his whole force on the Booneville road, and on the 4th of June I was instructed to re-enforce him, in anticipation of an attack from the enemy. I joined him near Booneville, 26 miles south of Corinth, with Nelson's and Crittenden's divisions, but the enemy continued his retreat, and by General Halleck's directions, but the enemy continued his retreat, and by General Halleck's direction the pursuit was discontinued.

My loss in the advance against Corinth was small, not, perhaps, exceeding 150 men killed and wounded, but the reports of my subordinate commanders are as yet incomplete in that particular, and I do not undertake to state it exactly.

The highest commendation is due to my division commanders and to other officers named in the subordinate reports for their ability and zeal, and to the officers and soldiers generally for their cheerful endurance of fatigue and their gallantry in action.

the services of the quartermaster's, subsistence, and medical departments were efficiently conducted; the first by Captain A. C. Gilem until he was called to other duties, and afterwards by Captain Nigh, assistant quartermaster; the second by Captain Francis Darr, assistant commissary, and the third by Surg. Robert Murray, medical department. Captain Nathaniel Michler, chief topographical engineer, rendered very important service in superintending the construction of roads and making maps of the country. The very accurate and minute maps which he is now preparing will add much to the intelligibility of this report. My chief of staff, Colonel James B. Fry, at all times exhibited that ability and zeal which have been so valuable from the time

