
he first joined me. Captain J. H. Gilman, inspector of artillery, rendered most efficient service in his appropriate duties and in superintending the construction of batteries and other works. Lieutenant Colonel James Oakes, inspector of cavalry and commander of the regular cavalry, was capable and zealous, though suffering greatly from shattered health. The other members of my staff, Captain C. C. Gilbert and Captain H. C. Bankhead, inspectors of infantry, and Lieutenants C. L. Fitzhugh, A. F. Rockwell, and T. J. Bush, aides-de-camp, are all entitled to commendation for the intelligent and efficient manner in which they discharged their appropriate duties. The members of my escort, the Anderson Troop, under the command of Captain Palmer, rendered much valuable service as couriers and guards.

During the period embraced in this report detached portions of the Army of the Ohio were doing important service in other parts of Kentucky, Tennessee, and Alabama, but they should be made the subject of a separate report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

The ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY, Washington.

Numbers 3 Report of Brigadier General Alexander McD. McCook, U. S. Army, commanding

Second Division, of operations from April 8 to May 30.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,In Camp, July 2, 1862.

COLONEL: In compliance with section II of Special Field Orders, Numbers 99, June 9, 2862, from Department of the Mississippi, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my division from the time of leaving Pittsburg Landing to the evacuation of Corinth:

My division consists of the Fourth Brigade, Brigadier General L. H. Rouseau; Sixth Brigade, Brigadier-General Johnson, and the Fifth Brigade, Colonel F. S. Stumbaugh.

On the morning of April 8, the day succeeding the battle of Shiloh, I marched my division from Pittsburg Landing, where it had bivouacked the night of the battle, some 2 miles to the front, where I bivouacked until April 15, awaiting the arrival of my transportation. As my division suffered severely in this camp from sickness, occasioned by bad water and the stench arising from the unburied carcasses of horses, on the 15th I moved about 1 mile to the front, where, my transportation having arrived, I established camp between the divisions of General W. T. Sherman on my right and General Crittenden, on my left.

On the 24th, in obedience to orders from Major-General Halleck, I went forward with my division some 4 miles to support Brigadier-General Smith, of General Halleck's staff, who was makling a reconnaissance in force. My division was not called into action, and I returned to camp in the afternoon of the same day.

On the 29th I moved my division forward some 3 miles to within half

