
a mile of Lick Creek, where I encamped between the divisions of General Davis on my right and General Wood on my left. Here my division built a causeway across Lick Creek and the adjacent bottom-land some half a mile in length and about one mile to the left of the main Corinth road.

On May 3 I changed my camp by moving my division forward and to the left some 3 miles to the main Hamburg and Corinth road.

On the 4th I made a reconnaissance with General Johnson's brigade to ascertain the position of the enemy. The brigade advanced along the main Hamburg and Corinth road, exchanged a few shots with the enemy's pickets, and after forcing them to fall back returned to camp, having accomplished the object of the reconnaissance.

On the 7th I moved forward some 3 miles and encamped about half a mile to the left of the main Hamburg and Corinth road south of Seven Mile Creek, and between the divisions of General Wood on my right and General Nelson on my left. While here my division built a double causeway across Seven Mile Creek and the adjacent bottomlands some three-quarters of a mile in length.

On the 8th 100 men of the Twenty-ninth Indiana, under Captain Davis, and 100 of the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania, under Captain Rose, were on fatigue duty, building the road across Seven Mile Creek, when they were attacked about 9 a. m. by a superior force of the enemy, and after a spirited resistance compelled him to retire, and continued the work till 4 p. m. The casualties on our side in this encounter were 1 killed, 3 wounded, and 1 taken prisoner, all of the Twenty-ninth Indiana. The enemy lost at least 4 killed and 1 taken prisoner. Concerning the number of his wounded I could gain no information.

On the 9th I moved my division some 4 miles toward Farmington, where I bivouacked for the night.

On the 10th, in compliance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 35, April 30, 1862, from Headquarters Department of the Mississippi, my division was designated by Major-General Buell as the reserve of the center of the army before Corinth, and I encamped my command in line of battle about 1 1/2 miles in the rear of the center of General Buell's army.

On the 14th I was ordered with my division to make a reconnaissance and ascertain the position of the enemy. I advanced with General Johnson's brigade, holding in reserve the brigade of General Rousseau. My reserve rested on Chambers Creek, while I advanced with General Johnson's brigade, holding in reserve the brigade of General Rousseau. My reserve rested on Chambers Creek, while I advanced with General Johnson's command on the main Hamburg and Corinth road, when my skirmishers engaged the enemy's pickets and exchanged a few shots, forcing them to fall back. Having thus accomplished my object and ascertained the position of the enemy, I returned to camp.

On the 26th, in obedience to orders, I moved my division in front of our whole line, General Johnson's brigade being in front of the intrenchments thrown up by Brigadier-General Wood on the right of General Buell's army and General Rousseau's brigade in front of the line of intrenchments made by General T. W. Sherman on the left of General Thomas' army; Colonel Stumbaugh's brigade was held in reserve in the strip of woods in front of and to the right of Driver's house. In this position my command bivouacked during the night of the 26th.

Early on the morning of the 27th I ordered an advance of my whole line, when General Johnson, who was in command on my left, moved forward and soon engaged the enemy's pickets stationed on the hill south of Bridge Creek. After a brisk skirmish, lasting some thirty minutes, the enemy was forced to retreat. In this affair 2 men of the Thirty-second Indiana Volunteers were wounded.

