
While General Johnson was thus engaged on the left General Rousseau had thrown forward skirmishers in the woods on the right of my line, and here, although meeting a determined resistance, my skirmishers pressed the enemy so vigorously, that he was forced to fall back. The firing at this point was so continuous and severe that I ordered Colonel Stumbaugh's reserve brigade to the support of my right. While the Thirty-fourth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, of Colonel Stumbaugh's brigade, was relieving the First Ohio Regiment, which had up to this time held my center, my skirmishers, continuing to push forward on the right, drove the enemy across Bridge Creek over Serratt's Hill and kept up the pursuit until 4 p. m., when the officer in charge of the skirmishers came to me and reported that the advance was in sight of the enemy's intrenchments and not more than 200 yards from them. I now ordered the skirmishers to halt, but to hold the position they then occupied. The loss of the Fourth Brigade in this skirmish was 13 wounded.

Believing that Serratt's Hill commanded the enemy's works at Corinth, during the night of the 28th I brought forward the Seventy-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, of Colonel Stumbaugh's brigade, which regiment, between 11 p. m. on the 27th and 5 a. m. on the 28th, threw up a continuous line of intrenchments on the top of Serratt's Hill over 400 yards in length. Behind these intrenchments I ordered Captain Terrill to put his battery in position, and every preparation was made to give the enemy a warm reception, should he show a disposition to attack us in the morning. My division bivouacked during the night on the ground from which they had driven the enemy on the previous day.

Early on the morning of the 28th, while holding the position taken from the enemy, my left, under General Johnson, was attacked by a brigade of rebels. I at once ordered Captain Cotter to put a section of his artillery in position on the hill near by, from which position, his gunners being protected by skirmishers, he opened a heavy fire of grape and canister upon the enemy. This firing continued with terrible effect for more than an hour, when the enemy was forced to fall back and the firing ceased.

In this engagement the Thirty-second Indiana had 5 and the Thirty-ninth Indiana 2 men wounded, all slightly. The rebel loss, as ascertained from various prisoners, was 41 killed and 73 wounded. The rebels retreated in great confusion, leaving many of their dead and wounded upon the ground.

While my left was thus engaged the enemy made a spirited attack upon my center, under Colonel Stumbaugh, with the evident intention of retaking the position from which our forces had dislodged them the previous day. Colonel Stumbaugh promptly re-enforced his line, and despite the persistence and repeated attempts of the enemy to drive him away he held his ground and eventually forced the rebels to retreat.

During this day my right was not disturbed by he enemy, although my skirmishers still held the position taken from him on the 26th.

I continued to hold this position until 5 o'clock on the morning of the 30th, when I ordered a simultaneous advance of my whole line. Soon after the advance commenced I proceeded to the front, and in a short time had the pleasure of entering with my division the deserted earthworks and encampments of the rebels.

Being put into command of Corinth by order of Major-General Buell, I garrisoned the town with my division during the remainder of

