
following report of the movement of the Twenty-fourth Brigade from the 8th of June until our junction with the remaining brigades of the Seventh Division at Rogers' Gap on the afternoon of the 16th instant:

In pursuance with General Orders, No. 39, of the 5th instant, I moved my command of the 8th, consisting of the First, Second, and Fourth East Tennessee Regiments (which last was temporarily attached to my brigade), Lanphere's battery, and a detachment of Lieutenant-Colonel Munday's cavalry, under command of Captain Roper, from Cumberland Ford, and took up the position at the Moss house (2 miles on the Cumberland Gap road), indicated in said order. By order of the commanding general the Nineteenth Kentucky Volunteers, Colonel Landram, was temporarily detached from the Twenty-seventh Brigade and placed under my command. It remained encamped on the Clear Creek road, some 2 miles from the Moss house. As the rebels were known to have a very considerable force at Cumberland Gap it was necessary to use the utmost care to guard against an attack from greatly superior numbers. Captain Roper, with his company of cavalry, was constantly employed upon the Gap road, and performed the duty assigned him in the most creditable manner. I would take this opportunity of expressing my high commendation of the captain for his untiring energy and zeal.

Owing to delay in obtaining transportation I was unable to take up the line of march in the direction of Lambdin's until the 11th instant, on the morning of which day the column was put in motion. According to your orders Captain S. S. Lyon, acting topographical engineer, had the road blockaded in our rear as we advanced. We bivouacked on the first night on Poplar Creek, some 12 miles from our starting point, having experienced no little difficulty in getting the artillery and long train over the Pine Mountain.

At 2 p.m. on the 12th instant we reached Lambdin's, and encamped with the forces (except the Nineteenth Kentucky, which proceeded on to Boston). At Lambdin's I was met by a courier from the commanding general with orders to march my force to Williamsburg, Whitley County. During the afternoon I was joined by the balance of my brigade, consisting of the Third Kentucky, Colonel Garrard, and Forty-ninth Indiana, Lieutenant-Colonel Keigwin.

On the morning of the 13th instant I was directed by the commanding general to proceed with my whole command to Big Creek Gap via Boston, and from thence to join him and the remainder of the brigades at Rogers' Gap, Powell's Valley, East Tennessee. My force now consisted of the following troops: First East Tennessee, Colonel Byrd; Second East Tennessee, Colonel Carter; Third Kentucky, Colonel Garrard; Forty-ninth Indiana, Lieutenant-Colonel Keigwin; Nineteenth Kentucky, Colonel Landram; Fourth East Tennessee, Colonel Johnson, and Lanphere's battery. Encamped that evening at Boston, and on the morning of the 14th instant left for Big Creek Gap. During the day I was again joined by Captain Roper's company of cavalry, which I had ordered up from Williamsburg, whither it had gone by your orders. The head of the column arrived at the foot of Pine Mountain about 9 a.m. and commenced the ascent. By the united exertion of all the troops,and the most untiring industry during the day and night, all the artillery and trains made the ascent and descent of the mountain by 9 a.m. of the 15th instant. To one who has not passed over the route it would be hard to imagine the difficulties to be overcome in transporting artillery and a heavy baggage train over it. But officers and men, eager to meet their rebel enemies and to gain an entrance into long-looked-for East Tennessee, went to work with the greatest

