
No. 5 Report of Colonel Jacob Ammen, Twenty-fourth Ohio Infantry, commanding Tenth Brigade, of operations from May 28 to June 6.

CAMP NEAR IUKA, MISS.,

June 14, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to orders requiring an account of the operations of the Tenth Brigade from the time of leaving Pittsburg Landing, I have the honor to submit the following report:

In consequence of sickness I was absent from the brigade until the 28th of May, when I joined the command about 2 1/2 miles from Corinth. That day the Tenth Brigade occupied the trenches as a reserve.

The 29th of May the Tenth Brigade took the advance. Had some skirmishing, and was engaged in constructing defense.

May 30, 5.30 a. m., marched for Corinth. Entered breastworks 7.15 a. m.; proceeded immediately into the town, arriving before any other troops at least three-quarters of an hour. In the evening returned to camp.*

June 3 marched through Corinth, Danville, and Rienzi toward Blackland, halting 4 miles from the latter place June 6.

For details you are respectfully referred to regimental commanders' reports.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

J. AMMEN,

Colonel, Commanding Tenth Brigade.

No. 6. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Oliver H. P. Carey, Thirty-sixth Indiana Infantry, of operations from May 2 to June 11.
HDQRS. THIRTY-SIXTH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLS.,Iuka, Miss., June 14, 1862.

DEAR SIR: In compliance with your order I submit the following report of the operations of the Thirty-sixth Regiment Indiana Volunteers from the time of its leaving Pittsburg Landing to the present date:

On the morning of May 2 the command of the regiment was turned over to me, Colonel Grose having assumed temporary command of the Tenth Brigade in the place of the regular commander, Colonel Ammen, who was absent on leave. On the same morning the regiment was ordered to march with the brigade toward Corinth. For several days thereafter the regiment was engaged in fatigue duty, building roads, bridges,&amp;c.

On the morning of May 7 we marched in the direction of Corinth and encamped about 5 miles from the enemy's lines.

For several days we were engaged in grand-guard duty, when on the evening of May 10 we moved across Seven Mile Creek and encamped at the distance of-miles from Corinth. From that date to May 29 the regiment was engaged constantly in constructing in-

---------------

*Tabular statement of casualties here omitted is embodied in addenda to General Nelson's reports. See p. 683.

---------------

