
the following report of the movements of the Sixth Ohio Volunteers from the 8th of April to the evacuation of Corinth:

From the 8th to the 16th of April we were bivouacked some 3 miles from Pittsburg Landing, engaged in burying the dead of the late battle and in cleansing the field from various rubbish. The regiment had lost 2 men killed in action (Henry Nordman, Company I, and William Brocksmith, Company F), and 1 missing, supposed to have been killed (John Logue, Company B). Six were slightly and 1 severely wounded.

During the time we were bivouacked the weather was intensely disagreeable, it being one continued storm, and the men suffering severely from exposure.

On the 16th our baggage arrived, and we moved forward some 600 yards and made an encampment, where we remained engaged in drilling and usual camp duties until the 2nd of May.

On the 2nd of May the regiment moved with its brigade some 14 miles, Colonel Ammen being ill, and Colonel Grose, Thirty-sixth Indiana, being in command of the brigade. Till the 7th we remained in camp, doing heavy picket duty, making reconnaissances, and expecting an advance momentarily.

On the 7th of May the regiment again moved forward with the brigade and camped near Nichols' Ford, where it remained ten days, doing picket duty, and drilling alternate days.

On the afternoon of the 17th a general movement forward seemed to take place, and the Sixth Regiment moved within some 3 miles of Corinth, and took position.

On the 19th, while working in the trenches, the regiment was shelled by the enemy, and 1 man (Sergeant Lawler, Company E) severely wounded in the thigh. Their battery, however, was soon silenced by several well-directed shots from Captain Mendenhall's and Konkle's batteries.

Unit the 29th a part of the regiment was picketed outside the trenches every alternate day. On the 29th the regiment was ordered forward to relieve the Second Kentucky, almost within sight of Corinth.

On the morning of the 30th of May, at daylight, several loud explosions occurred in our front. The skirmishers were thrown forward, and Corinth was ours. I regret to say that the last shot fired by the retreating rebels hit and seriously wounded my most efficient officer, Captain Erwin, of Company E, then commanding his company as skirmishers. Our brigade followed their skirmishers, and was the first Federal force inside the works of Corinth.

Respectfully,

N. L. ANDERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Sixth Ohio Volunteers.

Numbers 9 Report of Lieutenant Colonel Frederick C. Jones, Twenty-fourth Ohio Infantry, of operations from April 7 to May 30.

IN CAMP ONE MILE FROM IUKA, MISS.,

June 14, 1862.

In obedience to your order of this date I respectfully submit the following report of the operations of the Twenty-fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry from the battle of Shiloh, April 7, to the occupation of Corinth, May 30:

