
On the evening of April 7 the regiment went into camp on the ground formerly occupied by the Fifty-fifth Illinois Volunteers. Remained in camp until Friday, May 2.

On Thursday, May 1, we received orders to be ready to move, with three days' rations in our haversacks, and at 7 o'clock next morning the brigade marched over what is called the Middle Hamburg and Corinth road, and encamped in a corn field some 9 miles from Shiloh.

We left our camp on the morning of the 5th during a very heavy rain, but found Chambers Creek impassable, the bridge having been broken by felling large trees across it, and the heavy rain of the morning rendered its repair impracticable. That evening we returned again the camp.

At noon of Wednesday, the 7th, we again moved forward some 3 or 4 miles and encamped near the State line.

On Friday we were ordered forward to Seven Mile Creek, to support a reconnoitering party from General Pope's division. The Twenty-fourth was placed in position to support Captain Mendenhall's battery. General Pope's forces returned to their camp at dark, and we fell back to ours about 2 a. m. of the 10th.

The enemy attacked General Pope's advance about 10 o'clock of Saturday morning, May 10, and at 1 p. m. we received orders to move forward to his support, but before we reached the field the enemy had retired, and we took our former position near Seven Mile Creek, the Twenty-fourth supporting Captain Mendenhall's battery. The enemy's pickets were half a mile in advance of us.

Our tents and equipage were moved up to this point on Tuesday, the 13th, and we remained until Saturday, the 17th instant, when we were ordered forward to within 2 miles of Corinth. We went into camp, and remained there working on the intrenchments until May 28, when the enemy were driven across the creek to our front and we advanced nearly a mile to the front.

At 5 a. m. of Friday, May 30, this regiment was ordered forward and moved across the swamp in front of Corinth and entered the intrenchments at 7 a. m., the Seventeenth Kentucky on the right and the Twenty-fourth Ohio on the left, and took a position on the hill near the center of the village of Corinth and remained there until the evening.

We started in pursuit of the enemy on the morning of June 2, passing through the village of Rienzi and Danville, and encamped 4 miles from Booneville, not having come up with him.

We left camp en route to North Alabama on Monday, June 9, and encamped at this place on Wednesday, the 11th instant.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

FRED. C. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Twenty-fourth Ohio Regiment.

Brigadier-General AMMEN,

Comdg. Tenth Brigade, Fourth Division, Army of the Ohio.

Numbers 10 Report of Colonel William Grose, Thirty-sixth Indiana Infantry, commanding Nineteenth Brigade, of operations from May 2 to June 7.
HDQRS. NINETEENTH BRIGADE, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Near Iuka, Miss., June 19, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with orders I make the following brief report of

