
the operations of this brigade, composed of Twenty-seventh Kentucky, Colonel Charles D. Pennebaker; Sixth Kentucky, Colonel Whitaker; Ninth Indiana, Lieutenant-colonel Blake, and Forty-first Ohio, Lieutenant-Colonel Mygatt, from the time of leaving the field of Shiloh to the evacuation of Corinth and the termination of the pursuit of the enemy.

As is shown by the reports of the respective regimental commanders, herewith forwarded,* the brigade took up its line of march with the division from the battle-field of Shiloh, Tenn., on the 2nd day of May, 1862, in the direction so as to approach Corinth from the northeast by short marches and approaches, assisting on the way in picket and skirmish duties, erection of intrenchments and fortifications. On the 28th of May, then intrenched about 2 miles to the northeast of the enemy's works at Corinth, the brigade marched out to support the Twenty-second Brigade in a reconnaissance in force before Corinth. The enemy on this occasion were driven behind the creek in front of Corinth and to within three-quarters of a mile of their intrenchments and guns, which advanced position was maintained by our forces. On the morning of the 30th May I was placed in command of the brigade, and on that morning, preceded by the Tenth Brigade, marched in order of battle in force, driving the enemy's pickets before us, and occupied Corinth in line of battle to the left of the Tenth Brigade, near the center of the village, inside the enemy's trenches and works, between 7 and 8 o'clock a. m., the rear guard of the enemy leaving the farther side of the position as we approached, the Tenth and Nineteenth Brigades preceded by the skirmishers, under the command of Major Bennett, of the Thirty-sixth Indiana. Nothing particular except picket duty occurred in which the brigade took part until the 4th of June, when we left camp near Corinth in pursuit of the enemy, with the division, on the Baldwin road south, and advanced in the three following days about 20 miles to a point 4 miles northwest of Booneville. At this point, not coming up with the enemy, our pursuit terminated.

In all movements and preparations for battle the officers and men of the brigade under my command have evinced promptness and patriotism worthy of the great cause in which they are engaged, of maintaining the good old Government that has served us so long and so well.

For particulars more in detail I may respectfully refer to the reports of the regimental commanders.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

WM. GROSE,

Colonel, Commanding Nineteenth Brigade.

Captain J. M. KENDRICK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 11 Report of Lieutenant Colonel William H. Blake, Ninth Indiana Infantry, of operations from May 3 to 30.
HDQRS. 9TH INDIANA VOLS., CAMP 4TH DIV., ARMY OHIO,Near Iuka, Miss., June 16, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with orders, my regiment marched from the camp on the field of Shiloh, with camp and

---------------

*Colonel Pennebaker's report not found. Colonel Walter C. Whitaker's report, relating principally to the battle of Shiloh, will be found on p. 343.

---------------

44 P R-VOL X

