
garrison equipage, on the Corinth road, and encamped 10 miles distant.

The regiment was thrown forward to the front 1 mile in advance on picket duty.

On the morning of May 3 moved forward on the Corinth road, with the brigade in column of assault, covering a working party constructing a bridge 3 miles in advance, returning to camp on the same day.

On the 8th day of May moved with the division on the Corinth road and encamped 6 miles in advance.

On the 9th of May moved forward on Corinth road 2 miles in advance, leaving camp equipage, with one day's rations, and was thrown forward on the right of the division near Hamburg and Monterey road the following day.

On the evening of the 10th marched rapidly with the division to the position occupied on the 9th, to support General Pope's right, then being attacked. Bivouacked, and returned to camp at 1 a. m. on the 11th instant.

On the 13th May marched with division, with camp equipage, and encamped on Corinth road near its junction with the Monterey and Hamburg road.

On the 17th marched, with three days' rations and 80 rounds of ammunition to the man, with the division, moving forward on the Corinth road, 2 miles distant, and encamped, with Farmington in bend to our left.

On the 18th of May was thrown forward to occupy a willow slough, by order of General Nelson, 1 1/2 miles in front of the Fourth Division; was harassed through the day by the enemy's skirmishers, and while engaged in driving them from their advanced position the advanced skirmishers were fired upon by a battery of the enemy on our left. No casualties occurred.

On the following day moved forward with the brigade, and supported the Twenty-seventh Kentucky Volunteers, then constructing intrenchments on the right of the division. Performed regular trench duty until the 27th of May, when I moved with the brigade in column of assault, supporting the Twenty-second Brigade, then engaging the enemy at the bridge over Seven Mile Creek; slept upon arms, and commenced work on trenches on this advance line three-fourths of a mile from the enemy's work on the 28th of May. Occupied the trenches on the 29th, and moved with the division upon Corinth. Early on the 30th of May, the position having been evacuated by the enemy, advanced with the division and occupied the town, resting near the center of the village. I met with no losses.

W. H. BLAKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Ninth Regiment Indiana Vols.

No. 12 Report of Lieutenant Colonel George S. Mygatt, Forty-first Ohio Infantry, of operations from May 2 to June 13.
HDQRS. FORTY-FIRST REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS,June 14, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with orders from the general commanding the division I have the honor to submit the following report

