
road 5 miles distant, and returned to camp this morning. With but one exception no casualties have occurred to the regiment.

Respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. S. MYGATT,

Lieutenant Colonel, Forty-first Regiment Ohio Volunteers, Comdg.

Captain J. M. KENDRICK,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Fourth Division, Army of the Ohio.

No. 13 Report of Brigadier General Mahlon D. Manson, U. S. Army, commanding Twenty-second Brigade, of operations from May 30 to June 4.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SECOND BRIG., FOURTH DIVISION,Iuka, Miss., June 22, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that on the morning of May 30, at 4 o'clock, I took command of this brigade, and in obedience to your orders formed it in the main trenches in front of Corinth. A few minutes afterward I saw a dense smoke arising in the direction of Corinth, followed a short time afterward by loud explosions.

About 6 o'clock I received your orders to march into Corinth. On arriving we found part of the town, my left resting on the right of General Ammen's brigade. After remaining in that position for some time my attention was called to the advance of the skirmishers of some division on our right. After remaining in the position first assumed until 6 o'clock in the evening we returned to the breastworks, where we remained until the morning of the 31st and then marched into camp.

At 4 o'clock on the morning of June 4 I received your orders to be in readiness to move at 6 a. m., by forced marches, in pursuit of the enemy. We moved with the remainder of your division at the time indicated and pursued them into the neighborhood of Baldwin, where the pursuit was abandoned.

The following commanders of regiments and their officers-Colonel Enyart, First Kentucky; Colonel Sedgewick, Second Kentucky; Lieutenant-Colonel Hanson, Twentieth Kentucky, and Lieutenant-Colonel Osborn, Thirty-first Indiana-are entitled to credit for the prompt manner in which they have carried out the orders of the brigade commander.

I also return my thanks to Dr. Menzies, brigade surgeon, and Captain Frank W. Fee, brigade quartermaster, for the efficient manner in which they have discharged their duties; also Wickliffe Cooper, my assistant adjutant-general, for the very able and energetic manner in which he has performed the duties of his office, is entitled to high praise.

I herewith transmit the reports of the several commanders of the regiments, to which I refer you especially for the meritorious conduct of those mentioned, not having had the honor to command the brigade in its active operations on the approach to Corinth.

In justice to my own feelings I cannot close this report without congratulating the commander of the division on the masterly conduct of his troops in the approach to Corinth, and especially must congratulate

