
the general commanding on being the first to enter and occupy that strong position.

MAHLON D. MANSON,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General WILLIAM NELSON,

Commanding Fourth Division, Army of the Ohio.

Numbers 14 Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles S. Hanson, Twentieth Kentucky Infantry, of operations from April 7 to June 12.
HDQRS. TWENTIETH REGIMENT KENTUCKY VOLS.,June 20, 1862.

In obedience to Orders, Numbers 99, issued from the Department of the Mississippi, Corinth, June 9, 1862, requiring the commanders of army corps, &amp;c., to report to those headquarters the operations of their several corps from the time of leaving Pittsburg Landing to the evacuation of Corinth and the termination of the pursuit of the enemy, stating the several actions in which their troops were engaged, their own loss and the probable loss of the enemy, the works erected and the roads constructed, I have the honor to respectfully tender the following report:

On the evening of the 6th of April, 1862, the Twenty-second Brigade arrived, at Pittsburg Landing and bivouacked near the battle-field of Shiloh, and on the following day was engaged throughout that battle. A report of our action heretofore made is referred to. The night of the 7th to the 10th inclusive we spent in bivouac upon the field, exposed to rain and unpropitious weather that followed that battle, and not until about the 11th did we receive the tents or were enabled to fix ourselves comfortably and enjoy the usual comforts of camp life. There we remained encamped and engaged in doing our share of picket duty, reconnoitering, preparing roads and bridges; until the-day of-, when our division moved forward in the direction of Corinth. We went some 10 miles, camped several days, engaged in picket duty, reconnoitering, opening roads, and building bridges, and on the-day of-again moved forward in the direction of the enemy. After moving about 4 or 5 miles we went into camp. There we remained several days, and on the-day of-we again took up the line of march, and went within some 4 or 5 miles of Corinth and bivouacked for several days, when our tents and camp equipage were moved up and we went into camp. In this position we remained for a number of days, engaged in heavy duty in picketing and guarding our position, making reconnaissances of the enemy's position, and in opening roads, building bridges, and other labors necessary to an advance upon the enemy, and while here, although thus heavily engaged in these duties, we found opportunity to make decided improvement in battalion drill, our brigade having so long been engaged in making rapid marches and the hard labor incident to the advance of our army in an enemy's country as for many weeks to deprive us of any opportunity of drill.

On the-day of-we again moved forward with the rest of the army, who had been moving up with us, and formed a line of battle within a mile and a half of Corinth. We arrived a little after night-fall, formed our line cautiously under the immediate direction of our division

