
commander, bivouacked, resting upon our arms, ready for an attack from the enemy. On the following day our camp equipage came up and we went into camp, and in that position we remained until the evacuation of Corinth.

We were engaged for the first few days in throwing up earthworks in front of our encampment, opening roads, and building bridges to enable us to approach Corinth. During one time this regiment, with the balance of the brigade, were required to perform laboring picket duty, often calling out our regiment every third night. All of this severe duty, I am happy to say, both officers and men performed with the courage, promptness, and alacrity of veteran soldiers, which did honor to them and their country.

We were not thrown into close proximity to the enemy until the day of-, when we went out under orders to relieve the-Regiment, then on picket to protect the working party engaged upon the earthworks. We arrived upon the ground, being the extreme right of General Nelson's line, about 10 o'clock in the morning, and found that a continuous fire at long range was being kept up between our own pickets and those of the enemy. Indeed, it had gotten to be a sharp skirmish fight. This was hotly continued during the day, with no loss to our regiment except 1 man wounded (William Taylor, of Company B, severely wounded through the arm), until about 4 o'clock in the evening, when the enemy opened with artillery upon the position held by our pickets, their shot and shell reaching back to our reserves. Fortunately, however, the range was a little too high, and my regiment escaped unhurt, though some of the working party farther in the rear and upon higher ground were wounded. This heavy fire of the enemy was kept up some ten minutes, when an infantry force of theirs of three companies advanced rapidly into a narrow willow swamp, occupied by about 15 or 20 men detached from Company B, of this regiment, who were thrown out in front of the main line of pickets, in command of Lieutenant Trebein, and after exchanging a volley these men fell back about 50 yards upon the main body of their company, which was with Companies A and C, commanded, respectively, by Captain A. G. Smith, Lieutenant H. S. Parrish, and Lieutenant F. E. Wolcott, the three companies under command of Major B. F. Buckner. The enemy did not advance within shotrange or sight (the country being densely wooded) of our main line of pickets, but in connection with their artillery kept up the fire.

In the mean time a battery from General Wood's division opened fire with marked accuracy, and in a moment Captain Mendenhall's regular battery, of this division, commenced throwing his deadly shot and shell upon the enemy, and in a few moments their guns were silenced and their artillery was posted was several times struck by our shells, and the torn appearance of the trees and buildings around evidenced the fearful accuracy of our shots. Before dark the firing ceased, with the exception of a few scattering shots, and we spent the night in quiet.

Early next morning two privates of Company B-James K. Roberts and William Taylor, under heavy fire from superior numbers-took possession of the house and burned it to the ground. James K. Roberts was severely wounded in the leg just above the ankle, which has since been amputated. Soon after the house was burned, and we were relieved and returned to camp, and our forces afterward held that position without resistance.

I am unable to state what the loss of the enemy was, but from the blood and other evidences of wounding in and around the house it

