
must have been considerable. I had command of the reserves of my regiment, and gave a general superintendence to the outer picket line, though the latter was particularly under charge of Major B. f. Buckner, and I thus had a full opportunity of observing my regiment, and it affords me great pleasure to report that both men and officers behaved with great gallantry and coolness. They stood the heavy fire of the enemy with the firmness of trained soldiers, and I cannot refrain from making especial mention of Major Buckner, Captains Smith, Waller, and Lieutenants Parrish and Wolcott, and the officers and men under them, who, being constantly upon the outposts, were exposed to the enemy's fire, and at all times bore themselves with gallantry, and those company commanders commanded their respective companies with skill and calmness. Dr. William Curran was present, and was prompt and faithful in discharge of his duties, and with great efficiency waited on and relieved the wounded that fell in his hands. Major Buckner, whose duties required him to command the line of pickets, met the exposures and dangers of his position freely and without fear, obeying my commands with promptness, and managing the skirmishers under his charge with the address of an experienced soldier. To Adjutant Brennan I am much indebted for intrepid bearing and personal courage, and the marked ability with which he deported himself on this occasion.

We remained in camp, doing the duties incident to our position, until the 22nd following, when a brigade was ordered on a reconnaissance in front of General Wood's division, and when we arrived to our picket the brigade was formed in line of battle, and two of the companies, A and b, of my regiment, with other companies of the First Kentucky, were thrown forward as skirmishers. They moved cautiously, and soon found the enemy, and after a desperate fight drove him back and occupied his position. The enemy soon rallied with strong force and were gradually regaining their lost ground, when I sent forward at double-quick two other companies, C and K, to support the first two sent forward, which enabled our men to drive the enemy again from the field, after a desperate struggle, in which we had 5 wounded.

The balance of the regiment was held in reserve in the edge of a woods about 200 yards in rear to support our skirmishers, and were not engaged. Both were occasionally in range of their shot.

Colonel Sedgewick, hearing heavy firing upon our left and receiving intelligence that the left wing of the skirmishers of the First Kentucky, commanded by Captain Wheeler (and who occupied a position on our left), was pressed by the enemy with overwhelming numbers, ordered me to move my reserve rapidly to his support. we moved at doublequick and encountered, in passing over a short ridge, a heavy fire from the enemy, in which we had one man, of-, wounded through the body, of which we had one man, of-,wounded through the body, of which he has since died, and soon came up to the support of the skirmishers, whose line extended near a house which a portion of the skirmishers occupied. The skirmishers returned the enemy's fire with deadly effect, and Captain Wheeler, who is a daring and brave soldier, and his men under him did their duty nobly and held their position, and our reserves were not required to engage the enemy, but were held in the rear, partially our of the range of the enemy's shot, and escaped without injury at that point. The firing shortly after ceased at that point, and our reserve was again ordered to the right, to the support of the skirmishers of this regiment. A heavy fire was opened there upon the part of both forces, in which we lost several wounded.

