
at all hazards. This was an important point, and one which the enemy desired very much to hold.

When I arrived at position in the swamp about 120 yards behind our skirmishers, in a skirt of woods across an open field, and about 300 yards to the right, a little in rear of the bridge, and in the swamp or thicket which extended up from the bridge, I found our forces engaged in a heavy skirmish with the enemy. Not understanding the ground, I rode across the field, and found Captain Wheeler, who was gallantly commanding the skirmishers on that wing, and with him rode up their line to the right, and then to the bridge, in order to assure myself that the reserve was not in danger of being flanked or surprised by the enemy on the right or left, both being covered by a dense forest and thicket. When we arrived at the bridge I found Captain Baldwin, of the Second Kentucky, commanding his company and Company B, of this regiment, gallantly engaging the enemy, and holding our position near the bridge, the enemy being some 50 yards in a thicket beyond. While Captain Wheeler and myself were there the enemy, being in ambush about 50 yards from us, poured in a heavy volley upon Captain Baldwin's forces, wounding 3 of his men, but the fire was returned with such spirit that the enemy were driven, but not sufficiently to enable him to take full possession of the bridge. Three times during the evening the enemy rallied and made a desperate attack upon our men near the bridge, trying to drive them back and keep possession of the same. The enemy rallied in such force and fought with such desperation as to require me to re-enforce Captain Baldwin with two companies-Captain Morris' and Lieutenant Wolcott's. They succeeded in holding the bridge, notwithstanding they were fiercely assailed time and again. So hotly did the enemy press our forces there, that they were strengthened by a considerable force from the other regiment of the brigade. By 6 o'clock the enemy were driven back and we had full possession of the bridge. We relieved the four companies of this regiment with four others from my own regiment, and bivouacked that night at the post of the reserve, sleeping on our arms. I observed with pride the good conduct of the men and officers of my regiment, and the fortitude with which the reserve stood to arms upwards of ten hours, momentarily expecting an attack, constantly hearing the heavy firing of the enemy. They believed that they outnumbered greatly our force then and that our skirmishers would be driven back. Our skirmishers were outnumbered, the enemy's force being much larger, and but for the gallantry of Captain Wheeler and the obstinacy with which they and the brave officers and men under them resisted the enemy's attack would have been driven back upon my reserve and have brought on a bloody engagement in the swamp.

While the regiment behaved well and bravely throughout the engagement, and while I would like to speak particularly of the individual bearing of a great number of the men and officers, which the circumstances will not admit, I cannot forbear to mention most favorably Adjt. John Brennan, who rendered me most useful service (Major Buckner being away from the regiment upon the extreme left) by bearing orders over the field, and taking charge of the reserve when I was called away to the front, assisting in command of the picket or elsewhere along the line of fire. His conduct was worthy a good soldier and a brave man, and entitles him to the praise of his countrymen. Captain Morris discharged his duty there, as in all other relations, soldierly, fearlessly, and with alacrity and managed his company, deployed and fought his men, with the calm, determined courage of an

