
experienced officer accustomed to the dangers of battle. The commanders of Companies C and B and their lieutenants behaved well, and their men, with Captain Morris, met the fire of the enemy worthy of the reputation of their State-Kentucky.

We lost in this engagement 6 wounded, 2 of whom have since died.

The enemy's loss I cannot say with any accuracy, but from indications left on the ground must have been at least 75 killed and wounded.

On the 30th we moved forward with the rest of the division and found Corinth evacuated. No enemy there in force, except a good number of stragglers, who were captured by our forces. We remained in Corinth that day, and then returned to our camp. It may not be strictly within my province to speak of other regiments of the brigade, but I hope I will be excused for paying a just tribute to our comrades in these engagements; and I would mention Colonel Sedgewick, commanding, as entitled to great credit for his masterly conduct of the brigade in all those engagements, and his skill and courage, as shown on every field, and his assistant adjutant-general, Wickliffe Cooper, who was present actively engaged in the discharge of his duty, and by his fearless exposure of himself and prompt and efficient aid rendered to Colonel Sedgewick, proved himself a soldier and an officer of high merit, worthy of his position. I would further mention Colonel Spencer and Majors Cahill and Hurd and the officers of the Thirty-first Indiana and the men of that and the First and Second Kentucky, for soldierlike, and brave conduct in these several skirmishes, and were it possible, would gladly speak in detail of their many acts of personal daring.

On the 4th day of this month we were moved forward in pursuit of the enemy, and after three days of difficult marching over bad roads reached a position near Baldwin, and remained there two days. We found no enemy and heard of none very near us, and on the 9th were moved in this direction, and reached our present camp on the 12th of this month.

I had nearly forgotten to say that Brigadier-General Manson assumed command of the Twenty-second Brigade on the 30th day of May, and that our movements subsequent to that date were made under his direction and immediate supervision. General Manson, by his unremitting attention to his brigade and diligent and energetic efforts to promote the interests of the service and the comfort of his troops, has favorably impressed all who have had official intercourse with him.

CHAS. S. HANSON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Twentieth Kentucky Volunteers.

Brigadier-General MANSON,

Commanding Twenty-second Brigade.

Numbers 15 Report of Captain John Mendenhall, Fourth U. S. Artillery, of operations from May 2 to June 11.

CAMP, Iuka, Miss., June 14, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my battery since it left Shiloh fields:

My battery was attached to the Fourth Division on May 2, and on the third moved with it to a camp near Monterey.

