
On the 7th camp was advanced a few miles (3 or 4), and next day moved with division, and took a position commanding a bridge and causeway Seven Mile Creek. Left this position about 12 midnight and returned to camp.

On the 9th started with division to re-enforce General Pope, but after moving some 2 miles changed direction and returned to the position left during the night, and there remained until the 18th; then moved forward some 2 miles and established camp.

On the 20th moved battery to the vicinity of breastworks which our men were throwing up, and at about 4.30 p. m. opened fire upon a rebel battery which had a little while before begun to shell our pickets and the men in the trenches. This battery was at once silenced. I then threw a few shells into the woods on the left, where the rebel battery had retired to, and later at a house standing near where the rebel battery had taken position, and from which the enemy's pickets had been firing for two days at ours and at our men in the trenches. Several shells went through the house and the roof was nearly torn off. About 60 rounds were fired from my battery on that day. Konkle's battery was ordered up, and fired a few rounds at the house and at the woods where it was supposed the rebels had taken their battery. One section of my battery remained at the trenches that night. Next morning the other section was brought up, and during the afternoon the rebels opened a battery on our left upon a portion of General Crittenden's division. I fired two rounds and Captains Konkle and Cox each one round over the woods in the direction we supposed their battery to be. We could not even see the smoke from their guns when they fired, but the effect of our shells was to stop their firing. Some of our shells burst directly over them, as I was told by an officer who saw them.

My battery remained at the trenches until the 28th, during which time I received two more 3-inch rifle guns, when it moved forward to within-as was afterward ascertained-about 1 1/4 miles of the enemy's works. During the day our pickets took possession of a bridge across Bridge Creek, and was held by a part of a regiment. During the afternoon the enemy tried to retake the bridge. I took a position with one section nearly opposite the bridge, and when the firing became very severe I opened, firing through a dense thicket over our own men's heads, and, with the assistance of the infantry who were defending it, soon drove the enemy away from the ridge. The firing then became brisk along our line toward the right, and my other sections being nearly opposite where the firing was heaviest, I opened fire with them, apparently with very good effect. There was,perhaps, an interval of 500 yards between my right and left sections. The howitzer section was about midway between. About 50 rounds were fired on that day. The sections remained apart until next morning, when the sections on the right were moved to the left near that section.

Next morning, May 30, at an early hour, the battery entered Corinth with the division and took an elevated position in the edge of the town, and fired some eight shells over the place at a hill beyond. Receiving no reply, it was concluded that the rebels had all left. Corinth seemed truly a deserted place, for the rebels had all left and none other of our troops had yet entered. My battery returned to camp that afternoon.

That night I received orders to send a section of my battery to report to Colonel Jackson, commanding cavalry in Corinth, at 8 a. m. next morning. Lieutenant Canby, with a section of 12-pounder how-

