
attacked and pursued by the Fourth Regiment Ohio Cavalry. After a pursuit of 15 miles, during which the prisoners were abandoned, the lieutenant succeeded in reaching the river with his party, and, plunging in from a steep bank, swam across, the river arresting the progress of the enemy. During the pursuit many shots were fired by the enemy, but without effect. Two of the prisoners who resisted (officers) were shot. Four of the lieutenant's men, who were in danger of being overtaken, turned off in the woods, and as yet have not made their appearance.

Colonel Wood, with 14 men and 28 prisoners, succeeded in crossing the country and reaching our pickets near Murfreesborough the same night, having passed within a mile of the enemy's cavalry.

Returning alone in the direction of Murfreesborough I encountered a picket of 6 men, who surrendered to me on being summoned, and delivered up their arms. Being joined by a man of my command (Mr. Spalding), with 4 additional prisoners, the next morning we joined Colonel Wood's party and returned to Murfreesborough. We have 38 prisoners, who have been sent forward.

We have a large number of horses and mules, sabers, pistols, saddles, harness, &amp;c., which I shall distribute to the men of my command here who need them.

There are no indications of an advance on the part of the enemy. Their force in about 65,000. Their advance (a regiment of cavalry) is about 8 miles this side of Nashville, on the Murfreesborough pike. A sergeant among the prisoners, who seems to be an intelligent man, can give you some interesting details.

I shall report to you in person on Tuesday. Colonel Wood desires me to say he will return this evening or to-morrow.

JOHN H. MORGAN,

Captain, Commanding Post.

Major-General HARDEE,

Commanding First Division, Shelbyville, Tenn.

[Indorsement.]

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., March 15, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded. The within gives accounts of another gallant act performed by this valuable officer. The Government ought at once to make some recognition of his services. I respectfully, but urgently, recommend that he be appointed a colonel in the Confederate service.

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General.

MARCH 9, 1862.-Skirmish on Granny White's Pike, near Nashville, Tenn.

Report of Colonel John S. Scott, First Louisiana Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT LOUISIANA CAVALRY,Columbia, March 10, 1862.

SIR: On yesterday morning a detachment of 40 men from my regiment, under command of Captain G. A. Scott, of Company E, met a body of the enemy, consisting of two companies and numbering about 100 men, on the Granny White's Pike, 6 miles from Nashville. A skirmish ensued,

