
upon us from rocks and other places of concealment. They had prepared to defend that place, but the enemy was repulsed and driven from ambuscade and from the Gap with the loss of 2 killed and several reported wounded. On that evening we advanced through the Gap, and it being dusk, my men lay upon their arms and rested until next morning. On the next morning the opening of the blockade was resumed, and the work continued until 12 o'clock that day, during which time the enemy's cavalry pickets and my advance pickets kept up a heavy skirmish, which resulted in the capture of 3 rebel cavalrymen, their horses and equipments, and 2 or 3 rebel citizens, who were aiding the rebel enemy in the picket skirmishes.

At 12 o'clock, the blockade being opened and the rear of my train having arrived, the whole command and transportation were ordered to renew the march to join General Morgan at Speedwell. After having passed through the Gap and turned up the valley the advance train was ordered to halt and the rear ordered to close up. While said order was being executed the advance of the trains was charged upon by a considerable force of the enemy's cavalry, but they were gallantly repulsed by the Fifth Regiment, commanded by Colonel Shelley, and made to retreat in confusion. They were pursued by Captain Clingan with his company, Fifth Regiment, a brave and gallant officer, a considerable distance. Captain Clingan and his men succeeded in killing 1 of the enemy and wounding several others. Captain Clingan returned with his whole command, having captured the enemy's flag and divers articles of clothing and other articles. After which we continued the line of march, and had proceeded about 4 miles up the valley, Colonel Houk commanding the front and Colonel Cooper protecting the rear of my transportation, at which place I was overtaken by a courier, bearing a dispatch which directed me to return to Big Creek Gap, as it was important that our entire forces be concentrated at once at Williamsburg; on the reception of which I immediately changed direction and marched in same order back to Big Creek Gap, and reoccupied my former position that night. On next morning I threw my men out in ambush on each side of the road opposite Big Creek Ford, and ordered the transportation to be removed to the top of the Cumberland Mountains, under a sufficient guard to protect it, and learning that the enemy's cavalry was in considerable force advancing in my rear, I kept my men there in ambush and on the mountain during that day and ensuing night.

In the early part of the night I threw a heavy picket out in the valley, to see if possible where the enemy was and in what force, with instructions that if attacked they should fall back into the Gap, where I had my main force to cover their retreat, in which condition we lay that night.

On the morning of the 15th my pickets were attacked, but they were unable to draw the enemy after them, and seeing that I could not draw them into the ambuscade, and knowing that my trains were out of their reach, I ordered Colonel Houk, Colonel Cooper, and Colonel Shelley to proceed into the valley and advance across the same and attack the enemy on the ridge, at which place they seemed to be assembled in force. They did so, and succeeded in routing them, driving them across Clinch River and alarming them so much they filled boats with rails, set them on fire, and turned them loose down the river, and retreated toward Knoxville. On that day we captured some prisoners, some 60 tents, burned and destroyed 57, brought 3 on horseback into camp, and destroyed divers articles of camp equipage to the amount

