
itzers, reported to Colonel Jackson at 8 a. m., and proceeded with the cavalry to the Tuscumbia River, driving the enemy's skirmishers before them. He fired two shells at them and was opened upon by a battery from across the river. He thought the battery was beyond the range of his howitzers and did not fire at it. The causeway was very narrow and bridges destroyed, so that he could not advance. They retired about a mile to a hill commanding the swamp, where they remained all night. The cavalry again drove the enemy beyond the river, but finding them in force, retired back to Corinth. Section returned to camp on the afternoon of June 1.

On the 2nd received two more 12-pounder howitzers in the battery, and same day moved into Corinth with six pieces, and remained until 8 a. m. next day.

On the 4th moved with division to near Blackland, to re-enforce General Pope. Arrived there the 7th, left on the 9th, and arrived at our present camp on the 11th.

I am, very respectfully, sir, your most obedient servant,

JOHN MENDENHALL,

Captain, Fourth U. S. Artillery, Commanding Battery.

Captain J. M. KENDRICK,

A. A. G., Hdqrs. Fourth Division, Army of the Ohio.

Numbers 16 Report of Brigadier General Thomas L. Crittenden, U. S. Army, commanding Fifth Division, of operations from April 29 to June 16.
HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO,In Camp near Florence, Ala., June 20, 1862.

COLONEL: In obedience to the special field order from Department Headquarters, dated Corinth, Miss., June 9, 1862, I have the honor to submit the following report:

On April 29 the orders were received to commence the advance upon Corinth, and the Fifth Division moved on the main Corinth road 1 mile. Sickness had kept me confined for eight or ten days, and I did not join my command until May 3, when it had advanced some 3 miles farther in the direction of Corinth. I will not recapitulate the account of the services rendered by the fifth Division on the march to or at the siege of Corinth, as they have been most accurately detailed in the accompanying reports of the brigade commanders. It is enough to say that the officers and men of my command were always prompt to obey orders, whether to work or go to the outposts under fire. Much work was done, and no position assigned to any portion of my division was ever given up to the enemy.

General Tyler, of General Pope's army, thanked me for some effective shots thrown by the Seventh Indiana Battery (commanded then by Captain Swallow) among the rebels while they were keeping up a hot fire on the right of General Pope's line. This battery fired some 20 shots and then the enemy left their position or ceased firing from it. In the approach to Corinth but 1 man was killed and 6 wounded. Of the enemy 14 were killed; of their wounded we know nothing.

On the 30th the enemy evacuated Corinth.

Hearing that General Nelson had started with a part of his command

