
for Corinth, I rode into the place with my staff and escort, and found him there in possession of Corinth and nothing else.

On the 4th instant, pursuant to your order, we started with three days' rations in haversacks, to re-enforce Generals Pope and Rosecrans on the road the Baldwin. We built a bridge across the Tuscumbia, and on the 7th marched beyond Rienzi some 9 miles and encamped.

From this place we moved, on the 10th, toward Iuka, building two bridges and cutting a road across the bottom a mile this side of Rienzi.

On the 12th we reached Iuka and on the 16th our present camp.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Col. J. B. FRY,

Chief of Staff.

No. 17 Report of Col. Samuel Beatty, Nineteenth Ohio, Infantry, commanding Eleventh Brigade, of operations from April 10 to June 16.

HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH BRIGADE, June 10, 1862.

GENERAL: Pursuant to an order received yesterday I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Eleventh Brigade, U. S. Army, since leaving Pittsburg Landing to the termination of the pursuit of the enemy:

After the battle of Shiloh (April 6 and 7) the brigade, then commanded by Brigadier-General Boyle, bivouacked on the

battle-field 4 1/2 miles from the Landing, without tents or cooking utensils, and the men much of the time obliged to subsist on half rations, many of them suffering much from exposure to the continuous rains.

April 10 the entire brigade went out on picket duty and remained twenty-four hours.

April 16 advanced 1 mile, our tents having come up, and went into camp. The men,notwithstanding the scarcity of provisions, continual rain, and entire absence of blankets or even overcoats,had remained cheerful, and were ever ready at the sound of the long roll to form promptly and meet the expected enemy.

April 17 details were made from the several regiments of the brigade for the purpose of constructing a road and building two brigades, that the artillery might pass to the front to assist on picket duty; the road constructed was a corduroy of nearly half a mile in length; the bridge small and unimportant, but necessary.

April 18 the brigade was formed in line of battle at noon, the alarm coming from the right. The Nineteenth Ohio threw out skirmishers, by order of General Boyle, to cover the entire front of the line of the brigade, and advanced about 1 mile, when it was found that several regiments were quietly picketed in front, and the brigade was ordered back to camp, having been absent four hours.

April 22 General Boyle left the brigade on leave of absence, and Col. Samuel Beatty, of the Nineteenth Ohio Regiment, assumed command as senior colonel, and by an order from General Boyle the entire brigade was again on picket duty and remained twenty-four hours.

April 23 orders were received to form the brigade in line of battle at

