
4 a.m. each morning and so remain for one hour. This order was strictly complied with so long as there existed the slightest necessity for so doing.

April 29 advanced about 1 mile on the main Corinth road and bivouacked for the night.

On the 30th advanced 3 miles and encamped in rear of General McCook and near General Buell's headquarters. A detail of 40 men was ordered from the brigade by Captain Starling, to construct a road to the front to connect with General McCook's roads.

May 3 received orders to march, with two tents to a company. Advanced 5 miles on the Corinth road and encamped. Details were made from this camp to work roads, but no new ones were constructed by the brigade exclusively.

May 7 another advance of 2 miles and encamped.

May 9 the brigade moved out with the division some 3 miles on the Farmington road and remained until the evening of the 10th, when it returned to camp.

May 15 an alarm at midnight. The brigade was promptly formed in line of battle and remained for several hours.

May 16 the Fifty-ninth Ohio Regiment, while out on picket, captured and reported 15 fine beef cattle belonging to the rebels. At this time, in conjunction with the Fourteenth Brigade, we were constructing the road through the swamp into the large, open field. The road was completed on the 16th, and on the 17th the brigade moved across the swamp with the general advance of the army and bivouacked in the large field near Farmington.

May 19 details for throwing up intrenchments were made from all regiments in the brigade and under the superintendence of Captain Starling constructed the rifle pits, extending through the woods into the open field.

May 20 the Fifty-ninth out on outpost duty, and was ordered by Major-General Buell to send forward 20 men and a lieutenant and drive the enemy from a house and barn in the open field beyond the church. The order was promptly executed, when by order of Brigadier-General Nelson, general officer of the day, the regiment advanced and established our lines half a mile in advance of our previous position, killing 4 of the enemy, wounding some, and taking 1 prisoner.

May 21 the Ninth Kentucky Regiment out on outpost duty and kept up a continual fight all day. Colonel Grider reports 10 of the enemy killed or mortally wounded, as they could be plainly seen from his position. The Ninth experienced no loss; 2 men were struck with spent balls, but not seriously injured. One of the enemy having climbed a three, caused much annoyance for some time, but was finally shot and seen to fall heavily to the ground.

May 22 the Nineteenth Ohio Regiment, being on outpost, was fired upon by the enemy from a battery of artillery with which they attempted to retake the house and barn occupied on the 20th by the Fifty-ninth Ohio Regiment. After a sharp engagement the pickets of the Nineteenth fell back, but the success of the rebels was

short-lived. Lieutenant-Colonel Hollingsworth ordered six companies to advance, take and hold the former position. This was done in fine style by Companies B, C, D, G, H, and I, after which no more trouble was experienced. The loss to the regiment was 6 men wounded. In three cases amputation was necessary; the remaining will again be fit for service. The loss of the enemy is unknown, but must have been heavy.

May 28 the brigade moved with the general advance and took its

