
position at the Box house. The Nineteenth Regiment was ordered to the front to clear the open field in front of the house and advance our lines. Companies A and K were ordered out as skirmishers and soon drove in the rebel pickets, taking 7 prisoners within the first hour, and advancing our lines nearly half a mile. The conduct of Lieutenant Myers and Lieutenant Lentz is highly spoken of in this connection. At night the brigade furnished details to throw up the breastworks on the point in the front of Box's house. The Nineteenth Ohio Regiment was ordered by Major-General Buell to report to General Nelson. It did so, and remained [until] the morning of the 29th, at which time it rejoined its brigade.

May 29 the Fifty-ninth on outpost duty; sharp skirmishing kept up along the whole line. Colonel Hobson, of the Thirteenth Kentucky, had to shift his position, as the enemy guns were being brought to bear rapidly upon him. Lieutenant A. B. McKee, of Company B, Fifty-ninth Regiment, was severely wounded in the groin while placing or moving the advance pickets. This was the only casualty of the day. The enemy's loss not known.

May 30.-This morning, when it was ascertained that Corinth was evacuated, I held my brigade in readiness to follow up the retreat at a moment's notice, but did not receive any order to do so.

On the 31st we, by your order, returned to our camp in the field.

June 1 on grand-guard duty at Corinth.

June 4,5, and 6 marched with the other brigade of your division in pursuit of the enemy some 25 miles toward Booneville, Miss., and bivouacked for two days. From there I took up the line of march with the other brigade of your division for this place, passing through Jacinto, Iuka, and Tuscumbia, arriving on Monday, June 16.

With much respect, I am,your obedient servant,

SAMUEL BEATTY,

Colonel, Commanding Eleventh Brigade.

Brig. Gen. THOMAS L. CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Fifth Division, Army of the Ohio.

No. 18. Report of Brig. Gen. Horatio P. Van Cleve, U. S. Army, commanding Fourteenth Brigade,of operations from April 20 to June 16.

HDQRS.14TH BRIG., 5TH DIV., ARMY OF THE OHIO, June 18, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my command from the time of leaving Pittsburg to the evacuation of Corinth and the termination of the pursuit of the enemy:

The division being encamped on the field of Shiloh on April 29, we received orders to move forward toward Corinth. General Crittenden being sick, I took command of the division. We found the road occupied by the train of the Sixth Division (General Wood's), and on the morning of the 30th had advanced but 2 miles, when we encamped. Here we lay till May 3, making and repairing roads.

On the 3rd we crossed Lick Creek and advanced within about 12 miles of Corinth, when we were joined by General Crittenden.

