
or unusually valuable services would appear to justify such mention. Assured by my own close personal observation that the very valuable service rendered by two regimental officers of my division in the late operations fully warrant a special mention of their names, I desire to commend to the notice of the commanding general Col. J. T.

Wilder Seventeenth Indiana, and Lieutenant. Col. G. P. Buell, Fifty-eighth Indiana Volunteers. Gifted by nature with uncommon capacity for usefulness in such operations as characterized the late campaign, these two officers were zealous at any and all times in the performance of every duty, whether it appropriately belonged to them or not.

I desire also to commend to the approbation of the commanding general the valuable services of the officers of my personal

staff-Capt. William H. Schlater, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenants Lennard and Yaryan, of the Thirty-sixth and

Fifty-eighth Indiana Volunteers, aides-de-camp, and the officers of my general staff, Division Surgeon Mussey, Captain Myers, quartermaster, and Lieutenant Hunt, Sixty-fifth Ohio, division ordnance officer.

The Third Ohio Volunteer Cavalry was temporarily detached from the division May 3, and did not rejoin it till after the evacuation of Corinth. I am hence unable to report anything of its services in the interval. Doubtlessly they will be fully and properly reported by Colonel Jackson, Third Kentucky Cavalry, who commanded all the cavalry of the Army of the Ohio in the late operations. The detail of cavalry for outpost service with my division came from this regiment during the advance on Corinth, and the duty was signally well performed.

Appended is a list of the casualties of my division.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Col. J. B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.

No. 20 Report of Brig. Gen. William S. Rosecrans, U. S. Army, commanding right wing Army of the Mississippi, of operations from May 28 to June 12.

HDQRS. RIGHT WING ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, June 28, 1862.

GENERAL: I have deferred my report of the operations of this wing for the brief period of my command until the reports of the division commanders were received. I have not the honor to forward these reports, accompanied by the following report:

When I assumed the command of Paine's and Stanley's divisions they were bivouacked and intrenched in two lines, facing south and west, Paine's center being on the Farmington and Danville road, Stanley on his right, extending the right, refused to the wood of Bridge Creek Bottom. The attack on Stanley's division on the 28th had given a quietus to the picket firing on his front. Nothing was heard of the

---------------

*The nominal list shows 11 men wounded, as follows: Fifteenth Indiana,2; Third Kentucky,1; Twenty-sixth Ohio,2; Sixty-fifth Ohio,2; Thirteenth Michigan,3; Third Ohio Battery,1.

---------------

