
rebels except a few shots from a battery protected by earthwork epaulements about 1,000 yards south of Stanley's center, on high ground. Across the intervening fields compliments were exchanged during the morning at intervals between this battery and two

20-pounder Parrotts in battery near the front and center of Stanley's line. The order to cease firing having been given the artillery, Captain Williams, by your direction, fired three

30-pounder Parrott shells into Corinth, which we subsequently learned fell into the center of the village, killing a railroad engineer and wounding 4 men and creating the impression among their troops that we were about to open our batteries and bombard the place. Nothing further transpired along the lines, save that Capt. L. H. Marshall ascertained and reported that the rebel battery opposite Stanley's front was on a high knoll south of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, near the water-tank, and that it was commanded by the high ground across the creek on the road to Corinth. A battery in front of Paine's center was constructed, to aid in subduing this rebel work.

During the evening of the 29th there seemed to be remarkable activity in the rebel camp. Cars were heard running from the north and west and passing down toward our left. At 1.30 a.m. of the 30th a dispatch from General Halleck advised you of the apparent massing of troops for an attack on our left and warned you to be ready.

Under your orders I repaired to Brig. Gen. Schuyler Hamilton, communicated to him this intelligence, then to the lines, placed the troops under arms at 3.30 o'clock, and prepared for action. About 4 a.m. a solitary discharge as of cannon in the direction of Corinth was heard, as it were a signal for the rebel onset. This was soon followed by a series of explosions. Dense columns of smoke arose along the line of these explosions and told the tale of probable evacuation. Brigadier-General Stanley sent the

Thirty-ninth Ohio and Eleventh Missouri Regiments forward on the Corinth road to reconnoiter, while General Paine sent two regiments, with the Yates Sharpshooters, of Morgan's brigade, forward on the Danville road to reconnoiter the battery.

Having dispatched you what had been seen, heard, and done, I left for the advance, and on arriving at the battery found it deserted and in possession of Morgan and his men, who, having hoisted their flank over it, advanced by different routes toward Corinth. General Pope, with his staff, having arrived, we proceeded to the town, where we found Colonel Groesbeck's regiment, which had raised its colors on one of the buildings a little before 7 o'clock. Soon Generals Sherman's and Nelson's troops began to arrive, and having surveyed the smoking ruins of the commissary stores, wagons, and ammunition of the rebels, we left for the lines about 9 o'clock a.m.

Orders were promptly given to this wing to prepare three days' rations and march by the Farmington and Danville road in pursuit as soon as possible. Major-General Halleck came over to your headquarters and directed us to push on toward the Tuscumbia, and in case we found ourselves too far in the rear for successful pursuit, to select a camp behind that stream. I was furthermore informed that a strong cavalry force, with a battery, in pursuit had been sent forward, but did not know the road it had taken. About 5 p.m. Paine's column moved, and Stanley's division followed.

About 8 p.m. a messenger came to me from the front with information from Brig. Gen. A. J. Smith, and thus I ascertained that the cavalry was in advance on our road, and that it had overtaken a rebel force up the Tuscumbia 4 miles to the front, was fighting, and in some danger of losing part of a battery. I sent orders to General Paine to furnish

