
the vicinity, and found the enemy had all passed on down to Blackland, except a few sick and prisoners, whom we captured. This report reached me at 9 a.m.

The command immediately marched for Booneville, where it arrived at 5 a.m., bivouacked between the town and King's Creek. On the morning of the 3rd General Granger, with a brigade of cavalry, supported by a brigade of infantry, made a strong reconnaissance on the Baldwin road east of the railroad, following the left-hand fork far down toward the bridge across Twenty Mile Creek, drove in his cavalry upon his infantry, and found the rebels in force. I squadron of cavalry, supported by a regiment of infantry and one section of artillery, took the right-hand fork of that same road forward to a point on the bluff overlooking the bottom of Twenty Mile Creek, and drove in the enemy's cavalry pickets, and saw a column of infantry on the march and filing eastwardly for one hour. At the same time General Smith sent a cavalry reconnaissance toward Carrollville, on the right of the railroad, and drove in their cavalry pickets and infantry at Twenty Mile Creek. Another, by Crockett's, encountered their pickets near Brownlett's Spring, while the First Ohio Cavalry went to Blackland, a single company charging 80 rebel cavalry and driving them from the place.

Thus on Tuesday, the 3rd of June, we touched the rebel front at five points on Twenty Mile Creek, the extremes being 8 or 9 miles distant from each other. The reconnaissance was over by 8 o'clock, but owing to the arrival of General Hamilton with the left wing, the whole command did not get into bivouac till midnight.

The next day General Pope and staff arrived. At 11 o'clock General Pope ordered General Elliott, with a brigade of cavalry and Powell's battery, to make a strong reconnaissance toward Blackland. He drove their pickets 4 or 5 miles, and found them in force, with a brigade of infantry and six pieces of artillery, on the west bank of Wolf's Creek, where ha had a sharp engagement, and returning, reported at 10 p.m.

On the 4th General Buell arrived. On the 5th we took position in order of battle, Asboth facing the railroad, his right at McClaren's cotton press. The left of General Davis rested on the Booneville and Rienzi road, our extending on the Ripley and Jacinto road toward Dick Smith's; the right of the right wing being 2 1/2 miles distant.

Buell's forces arrived that night, taking position on our right. It was found that rebels began to withdraw from their position behind Twenty Mile Creek the evening of General Buell's arrival, and had gone beyond Guntown by Saturday morning. We remained in our position until Wednesday, the 11th, when we started back for our present camp, the last of our column arriving here on Thursday, the 12th, at 1 p.m. Thus it appears that our wing commenced the pursuit of the enemy on the day of the evacuation, followed them about 35 miles, reconnoitered, found them in force beyond Twenty Mile Creek along a front of 7 or 8 miles, and that, while awaiting the arrival of force enough successfully to assail their position, the rebels retired to a point up to which it was retired to a point up to which it was impossible to subsist our troops with the existing means of transportation, after which we returned to this camp.

The accompanying reports of division commanders, with appended list of casualties, complete the details of this pursuit. Reports of regimental commanders that have come in are also forwarded. Those of the Second Division not having been furnished, partly owing to the occupation and movements of regiments and partly from negligence, cannot be sent in.

It is a pleasure to say that I found the officers and men of my new

