
command generally prompt and ready for action and movement. It is my duty to commend General Granger for the efficient manner it which he mad a reconnaissance in force from Booneville to Baldwin. I must also add that he displayed signal ability in the manner in which he handled his cavalry during the advance.

I ought also to say that my aide, Lieutenant. C. Goddard, having been detailed to act as assistant adjutant-general, deserves high commendation for the thoroughness, accuracy, and ability with which he had discharged the duties of his office.

Colonel Smith deserves special mention for a reconnaissance which he made with his cavalry - the First Ohio - in the direction of Blackland.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

Major-General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Army of the Mississippi.

No. 21 Report of Brig. Gen. James D. Morgan, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, of operations from April 22 to June 6.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, RIGHT WING ARMY MISSISSIPPI, Camp, Big Spring, June 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with your circular of June 12, herewith, please find report of the movements and operations of this division of the Army of the Mississippi from its landing at Hamburg to the close of the pursuit of the enemy beyond Booneville. It is not as full or as satisfactory as I would wish, for the want of sufficient data, in consequence of the absence of General Paine and Palmer, the former in command of the division most of the time and the latter in command of the First Brigade; also the absence of Colonel Roberts, next in command of that brigade. The Second Brigade being almost always in the advance, and sometimes occupying different camps, the absence of the officers named makes it difficult to render such a report as I would wish.

The division of General Paine landed at Hamburg on the morning of the 22nd of April, and was composed of the following troops: First Brigade, Col. James D. Morgan commanding, the Tenth and Sixteenth Regiments Illinois Volunteers and Yates Sharpshooters; Second Brigade, Col. G. W. Cumming commanding, the Twenty-second and

Fifty-first Regiments Illinois Volunteers, Houghtaling's battery, unattached. Went into camp same day about half a mile west of the town of Hamburg.

23d.-In camp.

24th.-Remained in camp. During the day General Pope's command was reorganized, and General Paine assigned to the command of the First Division, Army of the Mississippi: First Brigade, the

Twenty-second, Twenty-seventh, Forty-second, and Fifty-first Regiments Illinois Volunteers, and Houghtaling's battery, under, command of General John M. Palmer; Second Brigade, Tenth and Sixteenth Illinois Volunteers, Tenth and Fourteenth Michigan Volunteers, Yates Sharpshooters, and Hescock's battery, under the command of Col. James D. Morgan, Tenth Regiment Illinois Volunteers.

