
with cast-off clothing, canteens, blankets, haversacks, arms, and accouterments, when a halt was ordered. Hescock's battery took up a good position on the left with the First Brigade and did good execution, the infantry of the First Brigade following the enemy on the left. By order of General Paine the Second Brigade was ordered to move by the left to Farmington, passing through town. Orders were received from General Pope for the whole division to recross the creek, leaving a sufficient force in the swamp to protect the bridge and road. The Tenth and Twenty-second Illinois Volunteers were detailed for that duty, and the balance of the division returned to a new camp, 1 1/2 miles east of the creek. Thus ended the skirmish at Farmington. It was a perfect success, and every officer and man performed his duty promptly and with spirit.

A list of casualties will be found on the paper marked A.* The loss of the enemy was some 40-odd killed and buried in the swamp and over 100 wounded. Some 15 prisoners were taken-1 captain.

May 4,5,6, and 7.-Remained in camp.

May 8.-The division moved forward upon a reconnaissance toward Corinth, the Second Brigade in the following order of march: Yates Sharpshooters, Tent and Sixteenth Illinois Volunteers, Houghtaling's battery, Fourteenth and Tent Michigan. Our advance reached a point 1 1/2 miles from Corinth. Major Applington, in command of two companies of the Seventh Illinois Cavalry, attached for the day to the division, was killed at this point by the enemy's skirmishers and 2 men of his command wounded. The Yates Sharpshooters [Sixth-fourth Illinois], deployed as skirmishers, became engaged, and lost 1 killed and 4 wounded, being within the range of the enemy's batteries, which opened upon us a brisk fire. A general engagement not being desired, orders were issued for the whole command to recross the creek, which was effected in good order and without further loss.

May 9.-First Brigade ordered to cross Seven Mile Creek early in the morning. Near Farmington they encountered the enemy in strong force, and soon became hotly engaged for some two hours, when orders were received to retire across the creek, which was accomplished in good order and with but little loss. No detailed report having been received of this engagement, this general account only can at this time be forwarded. A list of casualties will be found on the paper marked B.* The Second Brigade remained in line of battle during the day and night.

May 10,11,12,13, and 14.-In camp, large daily details being furnished for making roads and bridges.

May 15.-Expecting an attack, the division was in line of battle during most of the day. The Sixteenth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, having been assigned to Second Brigade, reported for duty to-day, and by order of General Pope was detached to support of siege guns, under Captain Williams.

May 16.-In camp.

May 17.-The division marched to Farmington, and encamped in double lines, and threw up strong earthworks in front of both lines.

May 18.-In camp. A lunette was completed in front of the center of the first line, and two sections of Houghtaling's battery placed in position in it, and a strong flank work on the right and front of first line. Hescock's battery was placed in position; one section of Houghtaling's on the right of the Corinth road in a strong position, well protected;

---------------

*Consolidated in addenda.

---------------

