
the Yates Sharpshooters in front, behind well-constructed

rifle-pits.

19th.-In camp.

20th.-Reconnaissance toward Corinth about 1 1/2 miles, the information having been obtained for which it was made; returned to camp about noon.

21st, 22d, 23d, 24th, 25th, 26th, and 27th.-In camp.

On the 26th Adjutant Cowles, of the Tenth Regiment Michigan Volunteers, was killed on the picket line in the discharge of his duty. He was a faithful, energetic, and efficient officer.

28th.-A forward movement made to-day by the whole division 1 1/2 miles forward Corinth. Encamped in two lines, and strong earthworks thrown up in front of both lines. In the afternoon General Stanley's command was attacked by the rebels, pressing his lines somewhat strongly. The Tenth and Sixteenth Illinois were ordered to change front and support the line attacked if necessary. The enemy were soon driven back without their assistance, when orders were issued for them to return to the trenches.

29th.-A rebel battery constructed on the left of our lines opened fire this morning, and during the day a sharp artillery duel was kept up.

30th.-Evacuation of Corinth. At 4 o'clock a.m. the Yates Sharpshooters, Tenth and Sixteenth Illinois, were ordered to move to the left and toward the fort mentioned yesterday. Proceeding cautiously forward, it was soon discovered that the rifle pits of the enemy's pickets were abandoned, as was the fort near by. The flag of the Tenth Illinois was soon having over it. By order of General Pope the Tenth Illinois marched by the railroad to Corinth, and arrived at the intrenchments at 6.40 a.m., and planted their flag there. The Yates Sharpshooters and the Sixteenth Illinois were ordered to examine the ground to the left and front of the fort, and if found clear of the enemy, to proceed by the swamp to Corinth. A part of the First Brigade had taken the direct road to Corinth and arrived there among the first, and the flag of the Forty-second Illinois was one of the first raised in the town. After a short halt marched back to camp. Orders were soon received to move forward in pursuit of the enemy. The right of the division arrived near the Tuscumbia about 8 o'clock p.m., where it was found that the bridge across the river had been destroyed and the enemy were in force upon the opposite bank. Houghtaling's battery was placed in position, and supported by the Tenth Illinois. The Yates Sharpshooters were deployed as skirmishers in front of our lines,the balance of the division remaining about a mile in the rear. The whole command lay upon their arms during the night.

31st.-At daylight the Yates Sharpshooters were ordered forward, to drive in the pickets of the enemy and get possession of the crossing at the bridge. Soon arriving within their line of fire they met with a determined resistance, and soon lost 1 killed and 5 wounded. The Tenth and Sixteenth Illinois and Tenth Michigan were ordered forward. The Tenth Illinois crossed Clear Creek, and moving forward toward the Tuscumbia on the left of the bridge, opened a brisk fire upon the pickets on the other bank, driving them away and getting possession of the crossing. During the firing of the Tenth a battery of the enemy opened a brisk fire with grape and canister. The firing ceased suddenly, and we subsequently learned that the whole force of the enemy had retreated to Danville and thence to Rienzi. The Tenth had but 1 wounded-Sergeant Cowden, company E, severely in the shoulder. About 6 o'clock p.m. the Second Brigade was relieved by Colonel Roberts,

