
commanding First Brigade, the Second returning to camp. During the night a foot-bridge was constructed,and the Forty-second Illinois crossed the river and took possession of Danville.

June 1st.-First Brigade in advance arrived at Tuscumbia. Details were made to assist in building the bridge and repairing road. At 12 m., all being completed, the First Division crossed the river and marched through Danville and Rienzi, and bivouacked for the night.

2nd.-Marched to Booneville, 8 miles, and encamped; the Second Brigade in rear of the town, on the right of the railroad; the First Brigade on the left of the railroad, and somewhat in advance of the Second.

3rd.-In camp.

4th.-Ordered forward as a supporting party to General Granger, who, without a cavalry and a battery, was making a reconnaissance toward Baldwin. After marching some 4 miles, by order of General Rosecrans returned to camp.

5th.-In camp. Detail making roads and bridges. In the evening Colonel Roberts, with part of his command, made a reconnaissance on the Blackland road some 4 miles. Returned about 12 p.m. No enemy discovered.

6th.-Moved across the creek in the rear, and went into camp on the right of General Stanley's division.

This includes all that was required by your order. The report is very far from being a satisfactory one to me, but the best I could make from the crude material at hand. The time includes some

forty-three days. Few commands have worked harder or accomplished more under like difficulties. Miles and of road have been built across almost impenetrable swamps, and bridges built. Miles of earthworks have been thrown up, and strong ones too. A great part of the time officers and men were without tent or camp equipage. All have worked cheerfully and promptly.

Steady and determined approaches have compelled the enemy to abandon a position strong by nature and made doubly so by months of hard labor, and although we have no bloody victories to record, at no time has any disposition been shown to avoid one if offered. Permit me to add that the officers and men of this command have performed their duty to my entire satisfaction.

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brig. Gen., Comdg. First Div., Right Wing Army of the Miss.

Capt. C. GODDARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

