
[Addenda.]

Return of casualties in the Second Brigade, First Division, Army of the Mississippi, May 3 and 9, 1862.

Regiment.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.

MAY 3.

10th Illinois	 ---	 6	 ---

64th Illinois	 ---	 10	 ---

MAY 9.

22nd Illinois	 4	 7	 ---

27th Illinois	 3 	 16 	 3

42nd Illinois	 2	 12	 3

51st Illinois	 ---	 2	 ---

Total	 9	 53	 6

No. 22 Report of Lieutenant. Col. Christopher J. Dickerson, Tenth Michigan Infantry, of operations from April 28 to June 11.

HDQRS. TENTH REGIMENT MICHIGAN INFANTRY, Camp of the Big Spring, Miss., June 19, 1862.

COLONEL: In compliance with Special Orders, No. 8, dated the 16th instant, I submit the following report:

The Tenth Regiment Michigan Volunteers landed at Hamburg, Tenn., on April 28 last, and immediately took up its line of march for General Pope's headquarters, about 6 miles distant from Hamburg, on the road leading to Corinth. After having reported to General Pope, the regiment was assigned to the Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel James D. Morgan, in General Paine's division, and immediately took a position in the line of battle on the left of said brigade. There we remained in camp about thirty-six hours.

On the morning of April 30 we again took up our line of march in the direction of Corinth, and after having advanced about 6 miles encamped.

After having changed our encampment several times in common with the other regiments of the First Division, on May 3, at 9 a.m., I received orders to be ready for a march in a hour, with twenty-four hours' cooked rations and a blanket for each man. The regiment took up its line of march on the left of Colonel Morgan's brigade. On arriving within about 2 miles of the swamp northerly from Farmington, the regiment, together with the Fourteenth Michigan, Forty-second Illinois, and Houghtaling's battery, was ordered to the right on the road leading to Nicholas' Ford. After arriving to within a short distance of Nicholas' Ford we were drawn up in line of battle in a position completely commanding the roads, so as to successfully prevent any flank movement by the enemy upon General Paine's right. The roar of artillery and the report of musketry soon apprised us of the fact that a portion of our division was engaging the enemy.

About 5 o'clock in the afternoon we were ordered to join General Paine. We came up with the balance of General Paine's division about dark a short distance north of Farmington. We then fell back to the high land northerly from Farmington and encamped.

