
and threw up an earthwork in front of our line. Here we remained behind our intrenchments until after the evacuation of Corinth on May 30, and as this corps d'armee moved forward in pursuit of enemy we moved with them, encamping at night about 2 miles this side of the Tuscumbia River.

On the morning of May 31 we were ordered forward with the Yates Sharpshooters, the Tenth and Sixteenth Illinois Regiments, to dislodge the enemy, who had throw up an earthwork and planted a battery commanding the road and bridge passing to and crossing the Tuscumbia. After having been formed in line of battle on the right of the road the enemy opened their artillery upon our line, which was sharply responded to by the Yates Sharpshooters and the Tenth Illinois. After considerable skirmishing we were ordered to fall back to the railroad, where we encamped for the night.

On the following day, June 1, at about 1 o'clock, we took up our line of march for Booneville; encamped at Rienza during the night, and marched to Booneville the following day, and encamped about half a mile from the town.

June 3, marched about 5 miles beyond Booneville; returned to our old camping ground were we remained until the 6th instant. We then marched back about 2 miles this side of Booneville and encamped. Remained in that camp until the 11th instant, when we took up our line of march for the camping ground we now occupy.

During all the period of time aforesaid this regiment has not only performed long, tedious marches, being constantly in the advance with General Morgan's brigade, but has performed a large amount of fatigue duty in the building of roads and bridges and the throwing up of intrenchments.

The officers and men under my command have behaved under all circumstances with coolness and courage, and have cheerfully submitted to all the privations and hardships incident to the campaign. Their conduct had been truly worthy of commendation.

Very respectfully submitted.

C. M. DICKERSON,

Lieutenant. Col., Comdg. Tenth Regiment Michigan Volunteers.

Col. R. P. SINCLAIR,

Comdg.2nd Demi-Brigadier in 2nd Brig., 1st Div., Army of the Miss.

No. 23 Report of Brig. Gen. David S. Stanley, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division of operations from April 22 to June 11.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, June 14, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with the order of the general commanding the right wing of the army, dated yesterday, I have the honor to submit the following summary of the services of this division, under my command, in compelling the rebels to evacuate Corinth. My report must be very imperfect, as I kept no notes, and now depend upon memory to recount what I saw:

The division landed at Hamburg, Tenn., on the 22nd of April. From that time until the 27th we were delayed, organizing transportation

