
and making roads, which were almost impassable on account of the heavy rains.

On the 27th the division moved 5 miles on the road to Corinth, and encamped at the forks of the road-one fork leading to Monterey, the other to Farmington.

On the 29th a reconnaissance in force, consisting of two regiments of cavalry, command by Col. W. L. Elliott, and the Second Brigade of the division, four Ohio regiments, commanded by Col. John Groesbeck, was made to Monterey. When near the place we learned that the enemy were in retreat, and pressing rapidly forward with the cavalry, we found some hundred tents yet standing.

Two miles toward Corinth the enemy were found in force, with artillery in position. Major Love, Second Iowa Cavalry, charged the first battery with one battalion but could not hold his ground. Two men of the Second Iowa were killed and 4 wounded. Twenty-five of the rebels were made prisoners. A special report of the day's operations has heretofore been made to the general commanding this army.*

On the 1st day of May the division crossed into Mississippi and camped at Springer's house. Here we first established communication of pickets with General Buell's left.

On the 3rd General Paine's division made a reconnaissance to Farmington.

On the 4th the division moved forward and encamped on the Farmington road, on the Seven Mile Creek. Here we had cold rains, lasting several days. Our pickets occupied the open ground near Farmington, an done demi-brigade, commanded by J. L. Kirby Smith, colonel Forty-third Ohio Volunteers, occupied Nichols' Ford. The time from this until the 8th was spent forward supplies.

On the 8th the Second Division, in concert with General Paine's, made a reconnaissance in force, passing through Farmington, General Paine taking the right-hand, and the First Brigade of the Second Division, with Maurice's battery, going the left-hand road to Corinth. The pickets of the enemy had been driven in and pursued across Bridge Creek, the brigade following until immediately under the guns of the enemy's battery in their principal intrenchment. We remained here from 3 p.m. until sundown and returned. Two of the Thirty-ninth Ohio were wounded, and Surgeon Thrall, of the

Twenty-seventh Ohio, was taken prisoner.

Immediately in our rear, on the 9th, the enemy attacked our grand guard, consisting of the brigade of my division, early in the morning, This guard, commanded by Colonel Loomis, Twenty-sixth Illinois, was relieved at 8 o'clock a.m. by a brigade of General Paine's division, commanded by Brigadier-General Palmer, but as the enemy came on in force, it was deemed proper to leave Colonel Loomis' command on the field in support. This command consisted of the Twenty-sixth and Forty-seventh Illinois, the Eleventh Missouri, and the Eighth Wisconsin. The loss to Colonel Loomis' brigade was 64 killed and wounded. As Brigadier-General Palmer has made a full report and commanded, it is not deemed necessary to repeat any of the incidents of this fight.

Nothing but preparation occurred until the 15th. That day our men stood to arms all day, but no move was made. On the 17th we moved to Farmington, with two day's cooked rations, and as soon as the ground could be examined we commenced to intrench our position. These

---------------

*No. 40, following.

---------------

46 R R-VOL X

