
trenches were made to conform with the nature of the ground, following the crest of the ridges and provided with such flanking arrangements as could be improvised by the eye. They consisted of a single ditch and parapet in the form of a parallel, though constructed with less work, and only designed to cover our infantry against the projectiles of the enemy. Here we were less than 2 miles from the enemy's works and picket firing was constant. On the morning of the 18th these works were completed.

On the 22nd the Second Regiment Missouri Reserve Corps joined the Second Division, Colonel Kallman commanding.

On the 24th we were joined by the Fifth Minnesota, Colonel Borgersode commanding. On the same day, I being officer of the day, and the enemy's firing upon our pickets having become exceedingly annoying and insolent, it was deemed advisable by General Pope to drive them from their positions. I selected for this purpose five companies of the Eleventh Missouri, Colonel Mower commanding,and five companies of the Thirty-ninth Ohio, Major Noyes commanding, with Dees' Third Michigan Battery.

Getting in front of our pickets, we soon found the position of the enemy, and after throwing some rounds of shell with great accuracy into their reserves, Colonel Mower charged the wood occupied by the enemy with five companies of the Eleventh Missouri, driving the enemy before him. The enemy had three regiments of infantry and a battalion of cavalry, and after being driven from their first position they tried to make a stand in the open field. Coming out of the woods with the members of my staff, I found myself within a few hundred yards of their front, but, I suppose thinking us their officers, they made no attempt to molest us. I rode back and apprised Colonel Mower, who, concealing his force, advanced on the enemy until within musket range, and gave them a volley that started them scampering in all directions for the cover of the woods. I then brought down two of Dees' Parrott guns and threw a dozen shells into Corinth.

The two men of the Eleventh Missouri were badly wounded. We could not learn the loss of the enemy. We took one prisoner; one of their wounded also, who soon died, and we know of general of their dead left in the woods. The battalion of the Thirty-ninth Ohio was kept as a support for Dees' battery.

Considering the disparity of numbers this was a very pretty little exploit for the numbers engaged, and did great credit to Colonel Mower and this troops.

From this date until the 28th nothing worthy of note occurred in the Second Division.

On the 28th my division moved forward 1 1/4 miles and halted near the White House on Bridge Creek, presenting a diagonal double line to Corinth, the right flank nearest the enemy's main work and the front facing a large earthwork battery erected by the enemy south of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. This battery was silent for several hours until about noon.

I directed Dees' and Maurice's batteries to open upon the position, and was soon answered by four guns from the rebel battery. Notwithstanding their fire, which mostly passed over the heads of our men, the work of intrenching was carried on until about 3 o'clock p.m., when the enemy, who had previously cut roads through the swamp and across Bridge Creek, approached in three column and attacked our right, their battery at the time plying us with round shot and shell. Of how this was met and repulsed a full report has been made

