
and expedition to Fort Pillow, composed of First Brigade, under Colonel William H. Worthington, consisting of Fifth Iowa, commanded by Lieutenant. Col. C. L. Matthias; Fifty-ninth Indiana, commanded by Col. J. J. Alexander; Second Brigade, under Col. Nicholas Perczel, consisting of the Tenth Iowa, commanded by Lieutenant. Col. W. E. Small; Twenty-sixth Missouri, commanded by Col. George Boomer, and Eleventh Ohio Battery, commanded by Capt. Frank C. Sands, arrived at Hamburg, after a trying passage, April 22, 1862. The troops were there reorganized.

May 3.-Eightieth Ohio, Col. E. R. Eckley, and Forty-eighth Indiana, Colonel N. Eddy, joined and reported for duty.

May 5.-Fifty-sixth Illinois, Lieutenant. Col. W. R. Brown, and Tenth Missouri, Col. Samuel A. Holmes, joined for duty.

On the 6th Col. Nicholas Perczel was placed in command of the Second Brigade, Brig. Gen. N. B. Buford commanding the First Brigade. Owing to the impassable condition of the roads, and the necessity for a combined movement of the whole army before Corinth, the command was from April 22 to May 17 moving from Hamburg to Farmington, a distance of about 20 miles.

May 8.-The division, as reserve of the Army of the Mississippi, supporting a battery of 20-pounder Parrotts, covered and supported the operations of Generals Paine's and Stanley's divisions in a close reconnaissance of the approaches to Corinth from Farmington.

On the 9th of May, Brigadier-General Hamilton being ill, the division, under Brig. Gen. N. B. Buford, was drawn up in line to support the advance in case of necessity, but was not ordered forward, though a brigade under Brigadier-General Palmer was warmly engaged, with the enemy. On this day the Seventeenth Iowa, Col. J. W. Rankin, joined the division, and was assigned to the Second Brigade.

May 12.-The Second Brigade, under Colonel Parczel, and the Fifth Wisconsin Battery, Capt. O. F. Pinney, were advanced on the Old Alabama road to the left and rear of Farmington, and threw up a strong redoubt.

May 15.-The Fourth Minnesota, Col. John B. Sanborn, joined the division, and was assigned to the First Brigade.

May 17.-The whole Army of the Mississippi moved forward to the line in and about Farmington. Strong intrenchments were thrown up and constant reconnoitering parties thrown forward.

May 22.-The troops were thrown into the intrenchments on the report of Capt. Thomas H. Botham, Third Michigan Cavalry, that the enemy was advancing in strong force. As no enemy approached, though our advanced pickets were driven in for several miles, this was by some supposed to be a false alarm, but the testimony of many citizens of the country confirms his report. They state that a force of 40,000 men, infantry, artillery, and cavalry, moved out of Corinth to attack the left flank, guarded by the Third Division, but finding it so strongly posted and the troops so vigilant, they marched down the hill and then marched up again, without attempting to make any attack.

On the night preceding this day the melancholy accident took place of Col. William H. Worthington, general officer of the day, being shot by mistake by one of our own pickets. A gentleman of scholarly attainments and amiable manners, an excellent soldier, and earnest patriot, his fate throws a gloom not only on the Third Division, but the whole Army of the Mississippi.

May 24.-A strong reconnaissance, composed of the Fifth Iowa, four companies Fourth Minnesota, with a section of Sands' battery, under

