
command of Lieutenant-Colonel Matthias, reconnoitered to the Memphis and Charleston road without seeing any large body of the enemy.

May 26.-The tenth Iowa, with two companies of the Twenty-sixth Missouri and two rifled pieces from the Fifth Wisconsin Battery and two howitzers from Sands' Eleventh Ohio Battery, all under the command of Col. N. Perczel, made a bold reconnaissance on the Danville road to Corinth, and met the enemy in largely superior force. Men and officers behaved with great gallantry and coolness, and though forced to retire, did so in admirable order.

On the 28th the whole army advanced upon the outworks of Corinth except the troops left to guard the camp. Intrenchments were thrown up and batteries put in position. There were several sharp skirmishes.

May 29.-The Tenth Missouri and Seventeenth Iowa, under Colonel Holmes, had a sharp affair with the enemy, in which all the officers and men engaged behaved well and did severe execution upon the enemy. On this day Brigadier-General Hamilton was placed in command of the whole left wing of the Army of the Mississippi, consisting of eighteen regiments and four batteries.

On the night of May 29 Corinth was evacuated, and the Army of the Mississippi moved forward in pursuit of the enemy the next day. All the officers and men were anxious to meet and beat the enemy.

Special attention is called to the report of Capt. A. M. Powell, commanding his battery (M), First Missouri Light Artillery, and Lieutenant Barnett's section of the Second Illinois Artillery, of his operations during the pursuit. The left wing advanced to Booneville, with the other forces, without overtaking the enemy, and June 11 returned to their camp near Corinth on Clear Creek.

Suffering during the whole of these operations from severe illness, though constantly on the alert by day and by night, I was obliged to depend much on my staff officers. Capt. William C. Russell, assistant adjutant-general, was indefatigable in the discharge of his duties on the field and in his office. Lieutenant Gaw, Volunteer Engineers, aide-de-camp, whose services were frequently put in requisition by Major-General Pope, commanding the Army of the Mississippi, was employed upon almost every reconnaissance made by the Army of the Mississippi, and procured most of the information obtained relative to the enemy's position in front of our left. He was always cool and gallant, and his services were essentially useful. I hope he may receive the promotion his abilities and efforts have deserved and for which he has been recommended.

First Lieutenant Burt, aide-de-camp, has also constantly been ready, active, and fearless in the discharge of duty, and the same remarks apply to Lieutenant. James E. Merrian, Twenty-sixth Illinois, acting aide-de-camp, and to First Lieutenant Nazro, quartermaster and commissary. Dr. Charles H. Rawson, medical director, is entitled to high praise for his wise suggestions as to and enforcement of sanitary measures.

A list of the killed, wounded, and missing and the reports of subordinate commander are inclosed herewith.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SCHUYLER HAMILTON,

Brig. Gen. Vols., Comdg. Left Wing Army of the Mississippi.

Brigadier-General ELLIOTT,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Mississippi.

