
No. 25 Report of Brig. Gen. Jefferson C. Davis, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Division, of operations from May 25 to June 12.
HDQRS.4TH DIV., LEFT WING, ARMY OF THE MISS., June 14, 1862.

MAJOR: The division under my command arrived at Hamburg Landing and was debarked during the 25th and 26th ultimo. Owing to delay and procuring teams, in lieu of broken down ones left at Cape Girardeau, the troops were unable to take line of march before the morning of the 27th. In obedience to instructions from

Brigadier-General Rosecrans, to whose command the division has been assigned, we went into camp on the road leading from Hamburg to Farmington 2 miles from the latter place.

On the morning of the 28th, in obedience to instructions, two days' cooked rations and 100 rounds of cartridges were issued to the troops, and at 10 a.m. we took possession in the intrenchments immediately in advance of Farmington, the right of my division resting on the main road leading to Corinth, with strong pickets in front. The troops occupied this position until the 30th, anxiously awaiting further orders or the enemy's appearance; either would have been enthusiastically received by the troops.

Early in the forenoon of the 30th instant information of the evacuation of Corinth by the enemy was received and orders at once given to prepare the troops for an advance. The troops under General Asboth, consisting of the Second Missouri, Fifteenth Missouri, Thirty-sixth Missouri, and Forty-fourth Illinois, were here assigned to my command as a brigade and reported. Two field batteries, under command of Captains Dillon and Pinney, were also attached and reported.

The division took its position in the column of pursuit in the general advance of our troops in the direction of Booneville, and arrived at that place on the 6th instant. Here General Asboth's command was detached from, and Colonel Carlin's brigade, consisting of the Twenty-first and Thirty-eight Illinois, with Captain Hotchkiss' battery, was attached to, the division.

On the morning of the 11th instant the division broke up camp at Booneville, and took possession on the 12th on the east side of Clear Creek.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JEFF. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Division.

Major S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 26 Report of Brig. Gen. Gordon Granger, U. S. Army, commanding cavalry division, of operations from April 23 to June 10.

HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Near Corinth, June 19, 1862.

GENERAL: The division which I have the honor to command is composed of four regiments of cavalry,of twelve companies each, comprising the First Brigade, under Col. J. K. Mizner, consisting of the Third

