
wounded. Returned to camp with 9 prisoners captured. No casualties in the Second Michigan.

May 3.-The Second Iowa Regiment, under Lieutenant-Colonel Hatch, proceeded to a point on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad between Burnsville and Glendale, and destroyed the track by burning the trestle work, bending the rails, and destroying the switches. Captured 3 wagons, 10 mules, and 4 prisoners. One battalion of the Second Michigan, Captain Alger commanding, made a reconnaissance toward the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, encountering the enemy and taking 9 prisoners. No casualties.

May 4.-Lieutenant-Colonel Minty, Third Michigan Cavalry, with Companies A, E, I and K, Third Michigan Cavalry, being ordered to report to General Paine, was sent in the advance on the Farmington road with three companies. He encountered the enemy, 300 strong, on Farmington Heights, drove them back after a sharp running fight of an hour, losing only 1 man, wounded. This was the day of the first reconnaissance toward Farmington, and Colonel Minty, with his cavalry, occupied the field the following night. On this day also Captain Quackenbush, Company G, Third Michigan, who had been detached under command of Colonel Roberts, Forty-second Regiment Illinois Volunteers, was ordered to explore the road to Nicholas' Ford. Within half a mile of the ford he came upon about 75 of the enemy, who retired. Farther on, at a cross-road, they rallied to dispute his passage, but his dismounted riflemen speedily scattered them, leaving in their flight tents, knapsacks, and blankets in abundance.

May 8.-Major Love, Second Iowa Cavalry, was sent down to the Memphis and Charleston Railroad southeast of Farmington. When within half a mile of the railroad he met the enemy's pickets, drove them in nearly to the railroad, when he encountered a large body of infantry and cavalry, whom he engaged, with a loss of 1 killed and 3 wounded. Lieutenant Washburn, having had his horse shot under him, was taken prisoner, but cut through the enemy and effected his escape. Having accomplished his reconnaissance, Major Love returned, with no further loss.

A report having reached me in the mean time that Major Love's battalion was in great danger of being surrounded by a

largely-superior force, I immediately dispatched Lieutenant-Colonel Gorham, with eight companies of Second Michigan, and Lieutenant Gordon, with one company of Fourth Regular Cavalry, to his assistance; but Major Love having meanwhile extricated himself from his perilous position, they returned to their stations.

Colonel Elliott also, in the forenoon, proceeded with three battalions of his command to the Memphis and Charleston Railroad by a road leading south from Farmington, but meeting the enemy in large force, both of artillery, infantry, and cavalry, was forced to retire. On this day also Lieutenant-Colonel Minty, with two battalions of Third Michigan Cavalry, under Majors Gray and Moyers, and one battalion of Seventh Illinois, under Major Applington, proceeded to the junction of the Purdy, Corinth, and Farmington roads, in a dense wood. The wood was gallantly cleared of the enemy by a charge of Captain Wilcox, Company B, Third Michigan Cavalry. Major Gray, Third Michigan, with three companies, was ordered by General Paine to support Houghtaling's battery, which was efficiently done. Lieutenant-Colonel Minty being ordered to charge in front, did so, but finding the enemy too strong, retired. In this charge Major Applington fell while gallantly leading

