
Iowa and Second Michigan, the Third Michigan and a section of Powell's battery, made a heavy reconnaissance to the front of Farmington toward Corinth and to the Memphis and Charleston Railroad upon two roads to the left of Farmington. The pickets were driven in about half a mile upon the left of Corinth road, and several Parrott shells were fired at a point where Colonel Elliott supposed their grand-guard headquarters to be. This had the effect to scatter the pickets out of sight, and the object of the reconnaissance being accomplished, the command returned with no casualties.

May 15.-Two battalions Second Michigan, under Captain Campbell, with one battalion Second Iowa, under Major Coon, made a reconnaissance toward and near the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, in which they had a slight skirmish, with no casualties.

On the evening of the 16th I received verbal orders from the

major-general commanding to have the cavalry in readiness at daylight the next morning to move on Farmington and guard the approaches to that place, and also join him in a reconnaissance of the position, with a view to posting our corps d'armee upon the extreme left of the advance upon Corinth. I accordingly moved with my cavalry about 6 o'clock a.m. to Farmington, and after posting a considerable portion of it on various roads reported to General Pope in person, and from him received orders to carefully examine the position to be occupied by our left flank, which I did, and reported the result as soon as completed. This reconnaissance continued until a little past 12 o'clock m., when we returned to our camp, on the east of Seven Mile Creek. Shortly after my return I received orders from the general commanding to proceed to Farmington again, and post the whole army upon the ground generally indicated by him in the morning. I immediately directed the entire line of pickets to be advanced, and they were accordingly pushed forward nearly 2 miles, and posted one-half to three-quarters of a mile in front of Farmington. This important and hazardous service was most successfully performed by Capt. R. O. Sefridge, assistant adjutant-general.

Both General Stanley's and General Hamilton's divisions were early upon the ground, but in consequence of the dilatory movements of General Paine's division they were obliged to wait dark ere they could be assigned to their positions.

At dusk the major-general commanding, accompanied by the Assistant Secretary of War (Scott), arrived and rode over the ground. By 9 o'clock the work of fortifying had proceeded to a considerable extent, and by daylight the next morning our works had become so formidable as to preclude any attempt by the enemy to dislodge us.

May 17.-On this day Farmington was reached and occupied by the army, the entire cavalry force, excepting the Seventh Illinois, being engaged all day in actively and diligently scouting every road leading out from Farmington.

May 19.-Major Moyers' Third Battalion Third Michigan, made a reconnaissance to the front and left of Farmington, driving back the enemy's pickets a mile to a cover of fallen timber, killing 3,with a loss on our side of 2 wounded slightly, 1 horse killed, and 2 wounded. The troops behaved with great coolness, advancing within 75 yards of the enemy's cover under a galling fire.

May 22.-Lieutenant Caldwell's company (G), Third Michigan, being on picket, was attacked by a large force as skirmishers, and though flanked,he held his position until relieved, losing 1 man wounded. Enemy's loss unknown. Colonel Mizner, with detachments of Third

