
coming upon the rear of the enemy about 1 1/2 miles from that town. He attacked them and drove in their pickets and guards, and compelled the enemy to turn out his artillery ere he was checked. He then returned to Baldwin, and the brigade returned to camp near Booneville, having taken 6 prisoners.

On June 4 Captain Patten, First Ohio Cavalry, on outpost duty 4 miles west of Booneville, with Companies L and D, 48 men,was attacked by, and after a sharp action of three-fourths of an hour succeeded by coolness and discipline in repulsing, 250 of the enemy's cavalry, with serious loss. Our loss, 7 wounded.

The officers and men of the division have behaved admirably. To command such troops is indeed an honor. Amid pelting rain and tropical heats, through the dense morasses or the blinding dust of the hills, by night or by day, enduring the fatigues of forced marches, with scant subsistence oftentimes for both themselves and their animals, every duty has been cheerfully undertaken and every privation submitted to without a murmur. Where all have done so well it is difficult to particularize. I may,however, without appearing invidious, mention the following as worthy of favorable consideration: Capt. R. O. Selfridge, assistant-adjutant general, and Lieutenant. T. G. Beaham, aide-de-camp, of my own staff, have been untiring and zealous to a degree entitling them to the gratitude of their country and the favorable consideration of the general-in-chief. Colonel Elliott. Lieutenant-Colonel Hatch, Majors Hepburn, Coon, and Love, and Captain Kendrick, of the Second Iowa; Colonel Mizner, Lieutenant Minty, Captains Botham, Saylor, Quackenbush, and Latimer, Lieutenants Reese, Dykeman, Adamson, Newell and Sergeant Rodgers, Company C, Third Michigan; Colonel Sheridan, Captains Alger, Campbell, and Godley, Lieutenants Nicholson, Weber and Carter, Second Michigan; Major Rawalt, Seventh Illinois; Lieutenant-Colonel Smith and Captain Patten, First, Ohio, have well and faithfully performed their whole duty, and merit the highest consideration from their general and their country.

The following are the casualties sustained by this division from April 24 to June 6, 1862:

Regiment.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.

7th Illinois	 3	 7	 ---

2nd Iowa	 4	 43	 17

2nd Michigan	 2	 6 	 ---

3rd Michigan	 3	 27	 15

Total	 12	 83	 32

Of the killed and wounded of the enemy no reliable data can be obtained. It is known, however, that his loss in killed in the various skirmishers with our cavalry was upwards of 60, which, by our own ratio of wounded in proportion to our killed, would give an aggregate of wounded 356, which is probably nearly correct. In addition we have captured over 600 prisoners, taken some, 7,000 stands of small-arms, and a very large quantity of commissary stores, tents, and baggage, while in pursuit toward Baldwin.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Brig. Gen., Comdg. Cav. Div., Army of the Mississippi.

Brig. Gen. W. L. ELLIOTT, Chief of Staff, Army of the Miss.

