
horses killed under them. Capt. D. J. Crocker and Lieutenant Moore, of Company K; Captain McConnell and Lieutenant Foster, of Company M; Captain Kendrick, of Company E;Captain Eaton and Lieutenant Belden, of Company L, all of the First Battalion, led in the finest manner by Major Hepburn, rode through the hottest fire, and were rallied by Major Hepburn on the right, when retiring in fine style, and formed in good order in the rear of swamp to wait orders. Major Coon, Capt. H. Egbert, Capt. William Lundy, Lieutenant Owen, and Lieutenant Horton, of the Second Battalion, led the charge on the right in the finest manner, riding boldly in advance of their commands. The daring of Lieutenant Queal, commanding Company B, was conspicuous, cheering his men to the very muzzles of the enemy's guns, Captain Bishop, of Company I, and Captain Graves, of Company D, obeying my orders promptly under heavy fire. Lieutenant Schnitzer, acting regimental adjutant, and Lieutenant Metcalf, battalion adjutant, did their duties to my entire satisfaction. Before and at time of charge Captain Freeman and Lieutenant Eystra, with detachments of Companies A, G, and H, as skirmishers dismounted, did excellent service in the swamp on our left, holding the enemy's skirmishers in check. There were about 400 men in the charge. Our loss will scarcely exceed 50 killed and wounded. Annexed receive returns, as far as in my power to give. We have had 50 horses killed and 50 rendered unserviceable from wounds.

Complying with orders from General Granger, May 26 proceeded with eight companies of Second Iowa Cavalry and four companies of Second Michigan to destroy a force of the enemy reported between Indian and Yellow Creeks - streams which rise in the neighborhood of Burnsville and flow to the Tennessee River - a few miles south of Hamburg, Tenn. Left camp near Farmington, Miss., at 6 p.m.; proceeded to the main Alabama road; pushed on that night to Burnsville, the road leading over a broken country; roads firm and hilly. Proceeding in southeasterly direction 10 miles, came to an extensive swamp 4 miles this side of Burnsville and stream - a branch of Yellow Creek, running northeast, over which the enemy had destroyed the bridge. The bed of the creek for a long distance above and below is quicksand and nearly impassable, and with great difficulty I passed over six companies. The road from there to Burnsville is through the swamp impracticable for heavy loads, and at that time obstructed by timber which the enemy had felled. Moving my command northeast, between Yellow and Indian Creeks, I discovered the enemy (in force reported) did not exceed 80 men, and that they had already recrossed the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. On both Indiana and Yellow Creeks are good fords, with good bottoms. The country in the neighborhood raises good crops and is now furnishing fair crops of cereals. Returning with my command to Burnsville, I pushed two companies toward Jacinto. The main road is a good one. Found the enemy's pickets 4 miles from Jacinto, Miss., in considerable force. Learning unquestionably there was no force of the enemy in the vicinity where I had been sent to attack them returned to camp at 10 o'clock next morning, the command having marched 35 miles.

Complying with orders of Colonel Elliott, May 27 left camp at Farmington at 1 a.m.; marched over a very broken country to the main ford of Yellow Creek; crossed that evening the railroad above Iuka about 2 miles, keeping a southerly course. Bivouacked at 2 a.m. at a good stream 6 miles south of Iuka, a place known as Thompson's; pushed forward at daylight, marching southwest over a very rough

47 R R-VOL X

