
country, intersected by the swamps of the Tombigbee, and reached Booneville at daylight in the morning, and I was immediately ordered to move on the town, filled with sick and convalescent. Following Col. W. L. Elliott's instructions, destroyed the contents of 26 cars and depot, 13,000 stand of arms, equipments for 10,000 men, and an immense amount of stores and ammunition. Some of our men, going too far from us in their zeal to destroy, were

attacked- killed, wounded, or taken prisoners. The regiment was not out of the saddle in four days and night but twenty-three hours. The entire country, is greatly broken and difficult to travel from the swamp intersecting it.

On June 4 left camp with Colonel Elliott's brigade; moved forward to Booneville, Miss., and with four pieces of artillery moved towards Blackland; the country, as usual, broken and swampy. On passing a narrow bridge 8 miles from Booneville, and over the Twenty Mile Creek, the advance came upon the enemy in force. After a sharp skirmish the advance came upon the enemy in force. After a sharp skirmish the guns withdrew. Our men in good order retired slowly, losing 3 men killed and 9 wounded. The regiment fell back to the rear and bivouacked at Booneville, Miss.

On June 6, by order of General Granger, with six companies, made reconnaissance to left of Baldwin. The road after having Booneville runs south generally on the ridge of high hills; is usually good. Found the enemy in force on Twenty Mile Creek. Returned to camp; losing no men in the skirmish.

June 9 reported to Col. P. H. Sheridan at 7 o'clock in the evening with the Second Iowa Cavalry. Proceeded from Booneville nearly all the way up the railroad, a great part of the way traversing swamps; many places the railroad bridges were burned, but all easily repaired. Reached Baldwin at daylight.

In the morning was ordered to approach the town from the south. Did so; found the enemy and nearly all the inhabitants had abandoned the town. By Colonel Sheridan's orders was moved to Guntown; came up with rear guard of the enemy 2 1/2 miles from Guntown. The country more open that I have seen it. Two miles north of Guntown there is a ---, on which are two bridges. The enemy had removed the planks, which I replaced. On driving in their pickets found the enemy in much greater force then myself, and being ordered not to attack, retired. The country in that neighborhood has fire corps, more or less grain on hand, and a fair number of cattle.

I would state the companies have done a great deal of picket duty, and have lost men while on that duty.

Very respectfully,yours,

EDWARD HATCH,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Iowa Cavalry, Commanding.

GEORGE LEE, 2nd Mich. Cav., A. A. A. G., 2nd Brig. Cav. Div.

No. 28 Report of Major-General George H. Thomas, U. S. Army, commanding right wing Army of the Tennessee,of operations from May 4 to 30.

HDQRS. RIGHT WING ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Camp near Corinth, Miss., June 3, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the right wing Army of the Tennessee before Corinth:

