
On the 4th ultimo the right wing commenced its move upon Corinth, Major-General William T. Sherman's division taking up a position to the right of Monterey toward the Purdy and Corinth road, supported by Brigadier-General Hurlbut's division on his left, Brig. Gen. T. W. Sherman's division taking position on the main road from Monterey to Corinth, with Generals Davies' and McKean's division in reserve. Major-General Sherman's right flank being much exposed, was intrenched immediately.

On the 7th ultimo the right wing again moved forward, occupying the ground from the Monterey and Corinth to the Purdy and Farmington roads, intrenching the same day.

On the 16th the right wing was again advanced across Seven Mile Creek, occupying the ground in front of the Purdy and Farmington road, and extending from the Monterey and Corinth to the Purdy and Corinth roads. This advance was made in the face of a strong resistance from the enemy, who was in force in front of each of the wings of my command. The ground taken up was strongly intrenched the same day by all the troops. From this time until our next advance there was considerable skirmishing between our pickets and those of the enemy, our pickets cautiously but steadily advancing from day to day and always holding the ground they had gained.

On the 17th ultimo, Major-General Sherman, with a regiment and a section of artillery from his division in the enemy's pickets at the crossing of Phillips' Creek and occupied their position. The same day Brig. Gen. T. W. Sherman drove a force of the enemy in his front across Bridge Creek, on the Monterey and Corinth road, and occupied with his pickets, supported by a strong reserve, all the ground in his front as far as the creek.

On the 21st ultimo Major-General Sherman's division, supported by Brigadier-General Hurlbut,advanced to Russell's house, General Sherman taking up and fortifying a strong position, extending from Russell's house, on the Grave Hill road, to the main road from Purdy to Corinth, refusing his right flank. General Hurlbut, connecting with Sherman's left, extended in a southerly direction along the main ridge between Phillips' Creek and Bridge Creek. Brigadier-General Davies, connecting with Hurlbut's left, extended along the same ridge to the position held by General McArthur's brigade, of McKean's division, the latter connecting with General Schoepf's brigade, which had moved forward from its last position, and stretching across Bridge Creek, nearly east, connected with the center of Brigadier-General Sherman's division, which had advanced but little. The enemy made no serious opposition, to this move, except in front of General Davies, who, in advancing his pickets before taking his position, encountered one brigade of the enemy posted on the Corinth side of Phillips' Creek. A few rounds from one of his field batteries dispersed them,and the different divisions intrenched their positions without further molestation.

About 10 o'clock a.m. that day our pickets reported that there appeared to be great commotion in Corinth, and there was every indication that the enemy would attack the right wing in force. I accordingly made all the dispositions necessary to receive them, but continued the work on the intrenchments until they were completed. Two days afterward we were informed by deserters that Bragg and Van Dorn were to have attacked us that morning, but found on sending their scouts forward that we already held the position they intended to have taken up; consequently they withdrew.

On the 28th ultimo Major-General Sherman, with his division, supported

