
Volunteers, have already been honorably noticed in the body of this report.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. De COURCY,

Colonel, Commanding Twenty-sixth Brigade.

Captain JOLINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 7. Report of Brig. General Absalom Baird, U. S. Army, commanding Twenty-seventh Brigade, Army of the Ohio, of operations June 7-18.
HDQRS. 27TH BRIG., 7TH DIV., ARMY OF THE OHIO,Cumberland Gap, June 21, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report concerning the march of my brigade from Cumberland Ford to this place:

One of my regiments, the Nineteenth Kentucky, Colonel Landram, being detached,and afterward making the march with General Carter, I moved from the camp on the morning of Sunday, the 7th instant, with the Thirty-third Indiana, Colonel Coburn, and the Fourteenth Kentucky, Colonel Cochran, and after three days of severe labor encamped at the foot of the mountain north of Rogers' Gap. The length of this march was 32 miles, but its difficulty, arising from the character of the country and the condition of the roads, was so great as to require many men at each wagon to assist in getting it along. Resting during the day of Wednesday, while the blockade upon the mountain was being removed, I commenced its passage at sunset upon that evening, and at midnight took up a position by the side of Colonel De Courcy, in Powell's Valley, near Rogers' house. A large detachment of my men assisted during the night in the arduous duty of bringing over the artillery.

On the morning of Thursday I learned that peremptory orders required the return of General Morgan to the north side of the mountains. Previous to moving in that direction, however, I marched my brigade, accompanied by Wetmore's battery and Munday's cavalry, for some distance down the valley, with the double object of procuring forage and examining the country. The day was extremely hot, and my men returned much fatigued, yet at 3 p.m., having previously sent forward to have the train carried to the rear and made a detachment of 200 men to aid the artillery, my command was again upon the march to the rear, and during the following day reached Lambdin's, 18 miles distant from the valley.

Scarcely had I arrived at this place when subsequent orders made a return of the division to Powell's Valley necessary, and on Sunday evening, in compliance with instructions from the commanding general, I was again encamped at Rogers' house. By this time the effect of severe labor began to be apparent; the feet of many were blistered, and those not naturally robust had given out. Our scanty supply of eight days' rations was, moreover, exhausted; yet the men, pleased at the idea of moving toward the enemy, did not complain.

After two days' rest, during which I was joined by Colonel Landram, with his fine regiment, eager for a passage with the enemy,and further strengthened by Wetmore's battery and Captain Martin's company of cavalry, to act as a rear guard, we again advanced, without bread, with

