
by General Hurlbut and a part of General Davies' on the left, and General Logan, of Judah's division, on his right, advanced along the main Corinth road and took up a strong position within a few hundred yards of the enemy's outer intrenchments. This advance was met with more determined opposition on the part of the enemy than any we had previously made. Every inch of ground was obstinately contested until we had gained our position, and soon after a strong effort was made by the enemy to drive us from it, which was met by our men with so much coolness and determination that it terminated in a complete withdrawal from our immediate front.

On the 29th there was comparative quiet all along the front of the right wing. Brigadier-General Sherman moved two brigades of his division across Bridge Creek, to fill up the gap between the left of General Mckean's division and the right of General Buell's army corps, which had been advanced the day before.

About 5 a.m. on the 30th ultimo, several explosions being heard in the direction of Corinth, General Halleck telegraphed directly to Major-General Sherman to move forward his division, cautiously feel the enemy, and ascertain what they were doing, and sent me an order to support General Sherman's advance with as many troops as would be necessary. I immediately ordered one brigade from General Hurlbut's to the support of Major-General Sherman, and directed General Davies and McKean to hold their divisions in readiness to move at moment's notice. Major-General Sherman, anticipating General Halleck's order, was ready to move when the order was received, and moved forward, with his division in three columns, pursuing the enemy so closely that they barely had sufficient time to cross Tuscumbia Creek and destroy the bridge before the advance of General Sherman was upon their rear guard.

The cheerfulness with which labor in the trenches was performed by the officers and men, and their steady, energetic, and soldierly bearing on every advance evinces a state of discipline highly commendable, to which I take great pleasure in calling the attention of the general commanding the department. There were no casualties in the right wing on the 30th. Those occurring previously have been mentioned in the reports, of the division commanders. Quite a number of prisoners were taken by Major-General Sherman's division during the pursuit on the 30th ultimo. Their number and rank will be reported to the provost-marshall by him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Brig. Gen. G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. Department of the Mississippi.

No. 29 Reports of Major-General William T. Sherman, U. S. Army, commanding Fifth Division, of operations from May 18 to June 10.
HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Camp near Corinth,Miss., May 30, 1862.

SIR: On the 19th instant I reported the operations of this division in taking from the enemy the position at Russell's.* After driving

---------------

*May 17. See report No. 74, following.

---------------

