
done, our artillery in position, and at 4 p.m. the siege train was brought forward, and Colonel McDowell's brigade (Second) of my division had come from our former lines at Russell's and had relieved General John A. Logan's brigade. I feel under special obligations to this officer (General Logan), who during the two days he served under me held the critical ground on my right extending down to the railroad. All the time he had in his front a large force of the enemy, but so dense was the foliage that he could not reckon their strength save from what he could see in the railroad track. He will doubtless make his own report, and give the names of the wounded among his pickets. I had then my whole division in a slightly curved line, facing south my right resting on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad near a deep cut, known as Bowie Hill Cut, and left resting on the main Corinth road at the crest of the ridge, there connecting with General Hurlbut, who in turn on his left connected with General Davies, and so on down the whole line to its extremity. So near was the enemy that we could hear the sound of his drums and sometimes of voices in command and railroad cars arriving and departing at Corinth were easily distinguished.

For some days and nights cars had been arriving and departing very frequently, especially in the night-time, but last night (29th) more so than usual,and my suspicions were aroused. Before daybreak I instructed the brigade commanders and the field officers of the day to feel forward as far as possible, but all report the enemy's pickets still in force in the dense woods to our front; but about 6 a.m. a curious explosion, sounding like a volley of large siege pieces, followed by others singly and in twos and three, arrested our attention, and soon after a large smoke arose from the direction of Corinth, when I telegraphed to General Halleck to ascertain the cause. He answered that he could not explain it, but ordered me to advance my division and feel the enemy if still in my front. I immediately put in motion two regiments of each brigade by different roads, and soon, after followed with the whole

division-infantry, artillery, and cavalry. Somewhat to our surprise the enemy's chief redoubt was found within 1,300 yards of our lines of intrenchments, but completely masked from us by the dense forest and undergrowth.

General Morgan L. Smith's brigade moved rapidly down the main road, entering the first redoubt of the enemy at 6.30 a.m. It was completely evacuated, and he pushed on into Corinth and beyond to College Hill, there awaiting my orders and arrival. General Denver entered the enemy's lines about the same time, 6.30 a.m., at the point midway between the wagon and rail roads, and proceeded on to Corinth about 3 miles from our camp, and Colonel McDowell kept farther to the right, near the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. By 8 a.m. all my division was at Corinth and beyond.

On the whole ridge, extending from my camp into Corinth and to the right and left, could be seen the remains of the abandoned camps of the enemy-flour and provisions scattered about, and everything to indicate a speedy and confused retreat. In the town itself many house were still burning, and the ruins of warehouses and buildings containing commissary and other Confederate stores were still smoldering; but there still remained piles of cannon balls, shell and shot, sugar, molasses, beans, rice, and other property, which the enemy had failed to carry off or destroy. Major Fisher, of the Ohio Fifty-fourth, was left in Corinth, with a provost guard, to prevent pillage and protect the public stores still left. From the best information picked up from the few citizens who remained at Corinth it appeared the enemy had for some days been

