
of truck-wheels, couplings, and iron work. In this we have saved 7 locomotives, one of which was flat on its side in the ditch, about a dozen platform cars, and over 200 pairs of truck-wheels, with the iron work of about 60 cars, all of which has been sent to Corinth or remains day till yesterday afternoon, when orders were received from Major-General Halleck to discontinue it, and move with my own and General Hurlbut's division farther west.

All the bridges to the west, whether on the railroad or common roads, have been burned and the roads otherwise obstructed, but I have already sent forward parties to make the necessary repairs, and shall to-morrow move the whole command to Pocahontas and beyond.

In the vast amount of labor done here the Fifty-second Indiana, known as the railroad regiment, under the command of Major Main, has done a leading part, and is entitled to the credit of having saved for the use of the army the rolling stock, so much needed in the railroad now subject to our use and control.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding Division and Expedition.

Capt. GEORGE E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 30 Report of Brig. Gen. James W. Denver, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of operations from May 17 to 30.

HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., FIFTH DIV., ARMY TENNESSEE, June 7, 1862.

SIR: Having assumed command of this brigade, composed of the

Forty-eighth, Fifty-third, Seventieth, and Seventy-second Regiments Ohio Volunteer Infantry, on the 16th ultimo, the general commanding the division ordered me the next to day to send two regiments to take part in the contemplated movement on Russell's house. Taking the Seventy-second and Forty-eighth, according to instructions, I passed along the ridge road,and after reaching the line of outer pickets I halted the command, deployed and sent forward the skirmishers, and prepared the reserves. While this was being done the firing commenced, and became quite sharp in the direction of the main road in front of General M. L. Smith's brigade. My skirmishers moved forward rapidly, and at the point where the Morton battery was afterward planted, at Camp No. 7, the firing between them and the enemy became quite brisk, and as we passed along we saw unmistakable evidence of the effect of their fire.

Following down the road, the command arrived at the summit of the next little ridge of ground, when the artillery on the main road opened on Russell's house. From the direction of the sound I became satisfied that I had got too far in advance and halted. In a short time I was informed that the woods were full of the enemy, and that they were getting between my skirmishers and the head of the column. Ordering forward two companies to re-enforce the skirmishers, I rode up myself, and discovered the supposed enemy to be some of General

