
M. L. Smith's men, and it was with some difficulty that they were prevented from firing on each other.

In this affair I am happy to inform you that I did not lose a man. In the different picket camps of the enemy through which we passed the blood-marks, and abandoned muskets, equipments, and provisions indicated some considerable loss on their part.

On the 21st the whole division moved forward and fortified at Russell's.

On the 28th we moved forward to Camp No. 8, and it was well known that the ground we intended to take was strongly occupied by the enemy. Advancing southward through the woods and thick brush with my whole brigade and the Morton battery, Captain Miller, we arrived at the north side of a large field and directly in range of the enemy's guns, and while Captain Miller's battery was getting into position one of the gunners was struck and severely, if not mortally, wounded. The opposite woods having been shelled for some time, at a signal given by the general commanding the division, the skirmishers, under Major McFarren, of the Seventieth, jumped over the fence, crossed the field at a run, and gained the opposite wood before the enemy had time to rally. They were followed closely by the Seventieth and Seventy-second, the Forty-eighth and Fifty-third being kept in reserve. The artillery then moved up, and the position was secured and fortified that night. One man of the Seventieth was also severely wounded in this day's fight.

Early on the morning of the 30th General Sherman ordered me to take two regiments-the Forty-eighth and Seventy-second Ohio-and to advance in the direction of Corinth and endeavor to feel for the position of the enemy. On the way we were informed by the outer line of our pickets that the woods in our front were full of the enemy; that they had been seen there but a short time before, and that we must except an obstinate resistance. Pushing forward the skirmishers, we steadily advanced through a very thick growth of underbrush without meeting with any other obstacle until we arrived in full view of the enemy's fortifications. It was some time before we could at that distance make out whether they were occupied or not. The artillery could not follow through the woods we had just passed, and we had no way of drawing their fire. In this emergency my chief of staff, Capt. C. F. Clarke, in the most gallant manner, rode forward alone, and found them deserted. We then pressed forward to Corinth, where we came under the immediate observation of the general commanding the division.

Through all these movements the officers and men of my command, including those of the Morton battery, are deserving of all praise for their steadiness, perseverance, and patience. Where all have done so well it might be unnecessary to particularize, but I will refer especially to some of those who came under my own personal observation. To Colonel Buckland, Seventy-second Ohio; Colonel Cockerill, Seventieth Ohio; Colonel Jones, Fifty-third Ohio, and Captain Peterson, Forty-eighth Ohio, all commanding their respective regiments; also to Lieutenant-Colonel Loudon and Major McFarren, of the Seventieth Ohio; Captain Snyder, of the

Seventy-second Ohio, who commanded the skirmishers on the 30th ultimo, and Lieutenant Russell, Seventy-second Ohio, who performed the same duty on the 17th ultimo. I would also refer to the following members of my staff for the zeal and efficiency they have displayed in the performance of their respective duties: Captain C. F. Clarke, Sixth Kansas, acting assistant adjutant-general;

