
Capt. J. Condit Smith, assistant quartermaster, and Lieutenant. M. T.

Williamson, Seventy-second Ohio, aide-de-camp.

I inclose herewith copies of the reports of the officers commanding regiments in my brigade.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. DENVER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

The ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Fifth Division, Army of the Tennessee.

[Indorsement.]

This report of General Denver briefly but clearly gives the history of events connected with his command. I confirm his account, and indorse fully his terms of praise to his officers and men as well as those more specially mentioned.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

No. 31 Report of Capt. Samuel G. W. Peterson, Forty-eighth Ohio Infantry, of operations from May 13 to 30.

The Fourth Brigade, Fifth Division, Army of the Tennessee, commanded by Colonel Buckland, was organized on the 13th day of May 1862, at Camp No. 5, near Corinth, Miss., was renumbered as the Third Brigade, consisting of the Seventh and Seventy-second and Forty-eighth and Fifty-third Regiments, and placed under the command of Brigadier-General Denver. On the 13th instant the

Forty-eighth, with remaining regiments of brigade, moved forward 1 3/4 miles toward Corinth to Camp No. 6, and threw up heavy breastworks. On the 14th the enemy attempted to take a bridge

one-half mile in front of our trenches. Enemy were driven back. Two companies of the Forty-eighth Regiment were on pickets, and were stationed near this bridge. The 17th, regiment was ordered out on a scouting expedition, together with four regiments of infantry, two batteries artillery, and a squadron of cavalry, all from the Fifth Division. The Seventy-second and Forty-eighth Regiments and a battery took a road one-quarter of a mile to the right of main road to Corinth, and proceeded about a mile and one-half. There was severe skirmishing on the left and front. The Forty-eighth was not engaged, having no skirmishers thrown forward. The 21st,

Forty-eighth, with balance of brigade, moved forward to Camp No. 7 and threw up heavy breastworks. The 28th, the Forty-eighth Regiment, with balance of brigade, also the First Brigade, were ordered forward. Considerable skirmishing and cannonading.

Friday, May 30, the Forty-eighth and Seventy-second Regiments moved forward without opposition over the works of the enemy through Corinth and halted 1 mile outside of the town. In the evening returned to our present camp.

S. G. W. PETERSON,

Captain, Commanding Forty-eighth Ohio Volunteers.

