
coffee for a single meal, and no other food but the fresh beef which we drove along, expecting to meet and fight the enemy, whose numbers equaled our own, in a position which had been selected in rear of Cumberland Gap. On our approach, however, this position, as well as the stronghold for which we had so long been striving, were abandoned, and on the evening of the 18th instant we entered and took possession.

I have in this connection to commend to the notice of the commanding general the patient fortitude with which my men, without the stimulus and eclat of successful battle, and notwithstanding the discouraging effects of our counter-march, endured the privations they were called upon to encounter. I beg that he will also remember the zeal, intelligence, and efficiency with which the officers in command of troops, as well as those of the staff, contributed in carrying forward the work on which we were engaged. They one and all merit my thanks. Had the identical results which have been achieved been consequent upon a severe struggle, with heavy loss of life, they would have received a reward which they can now only look for in the satisfaction of having done their duty.

To the officers in command of regiments-Colonels Coburn, Landram, and Cochran-I am especially indebted; and had the opportunity of a battle offered itself the activity and soldierly qualities which they displayed,whether in bringing forward their commands or in preparing for the attacks in flank and rear to which our march was exposed, would, I am sure, have brought reputation both to themselves and their regiments. Without making invidious distinctions between the other officers, I must mention by name Lieutenant-Colonel Gallop, Fourteenth Kentucky, and Major Manker, Thirty-third Indiana, who, outside of their regimental duties, gave great assistance in procuring the supplies, without which we could not have marched. I should likewise be negligent did I omit to name the officers of my staff, Captain B. H. Polk, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenants T. A. Elkin and John Cochran, aides-de-camp, and Lieutenant H. B. Finch, acting assistant quartermaster, whose services were invaluable.

During the march I lost one man, Corp. Enos C. Hadley, Thirty-third Indiana, who died from exhaustion.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BAIRD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Twenty-seventh Brigade.

Captain CHARLES O. JOLINE,

A. A. G., Hdqrs. Seventh Division.

No. 8. Report of Major-General E. Kirby Smith, C. S. Army, including orders for movement of troops.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, Tenn., April 30, 1862.

The enemy attacked Cumberland Gap yesterday in force. I go to-day to re-enforce General Stevenson with all my available troops. Yesterday the enemy attacked General Leadbetter's command at Bridgeport. It was necessary to retreat, and the bridge there was burned by General Leadbetter.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjt. and Insp. Gen., Richmond, Va.

