
My officers and men have my thanks for their bravery and good conduct.

J. R. COCKERILL,

Colonel, Commanding Seventieth Ohio Regiment.

General DENVER,

Comdg. Third Brig., Fifth Div., Army of the Tennessee.

No. 34 Report of Col. Ralph P. Buckland, Seventy-Second Ohio Infantry, of operations from May 17 to 30.

HDQRS. SEVENTY-SECOND REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS, Camp No. 8, near Corinth, June 2, 1862.

SIR: You having assumed command of the Third Brigade at Camp No. 6, May 16, 1862, I resumed the command of the Seventh-second Regiment Ohio Volunteers, which since the battle of Shiloh had been under the command of Capt. C. G. Eaton, of Company A. I take this opportunity to express my entire approbation of the conduct of Captain Eaton as commander of the regiment; also to return my thanks to the commanders of other regiments of the brigade, their officers and soldiers, for their uniform courteous bearing toward me while I had the honor of commanding the brigade and for the cheerful and prompt manner in which they executed every order. The duties and labor on the march from Shiloh, both for officers and men were very arduous, but were always performed with the greatest promptness and alacrity, notwithstanding the great amount of sickness in all the regiments. Scarcely any one could be said to be in good health.

Having completed the intrenchments of Camp No. 6 on Saturday, the 17th of May, at 3 o'clock p.m., the Seventy-second and Forty-eighth Regiments and the Morton battery marched in reconnaissance on the road to the right of Russell's under your command, General Smith with his brigade taking the direct road to Russell's. On reaching our line of pickets Company A, under command of Lieutenant Russell, was deployed as skirmishers, and Company C, Captain Snyder, and F, Captain Moore, were ordered forward to support the skirmishers. We moved forward cautiously. The skirmishers soon encountered the enemy's pickets and skirmishers. Our skirmishers pressed forward, jumping from tree to tree in admirable style until we reached a point in advance of Russell's house, where our skirmishers united with those of General Smith's brigade, and where we halted. Our skirmishers were in advance of those of General Smith, and we had some difficulty in preventing General Smith's skirmishers firing upon ours. The enemy, driven by our skirmishers, left some guns and some blood behind them at different places.

About sundown your ordered us to fall back about 40 roads and encamp for the night, when you returned to camp, leaving me in command. On reaching the point indicated I found it not a very good point to establish the battery on account of the density of the forest, and upon consultation with the commandant of the battery concluded to fall back still farther, to the hill where the battery on the right of Camp No. 7 was afterwards located. Here we encamped, and slept on our arms during the night, the battery in the center, the

Seventy-second on the right, and the Forty-eighth on the left. It had become

