
quite dark before we got into position at this point. I threw out guards as well as could be done under the circumstances. At 3 o'clock next morning I ordered every man into line, and ordered one company from the Seventy-second forward on a road leading to the right and a company from the Forty-eighth on the road to the front. We expected an attack at daylight, and we prepared to give the enemy a warm reception. About 6 o'clock we were ordered by General Smith to fall back still farther, which we did, and formed in line of battle. About 7 o'clock we were ordered back to camp. The conduct of officers and men of both regiments and battery was most admirable. We fully expected an attack by a superior force.

On the 21st of May the Third Brigade moved forward and encamped at the point where we encamped Saturday night and intrenched. In a few hours our whole front was well intrenched, the men working with wonderful energy and spirit. On the 28th we moved forward to this camp. The order of march was to move at 8 o'clock a.m. by the left flank of the brigade. On reaching the ridge back of the open field your ordered the Seventy-second into line on the right of the Seventieth, and in this order we moved forward through this woods and across the open field, following in sight and not far in the rear of the skirmishers, all expecting an attack on entering the field; but our men passed eagerly forward in perfect order, whilst the skirmishers in front kept up a constant fire. The

Seventy-second was encamped in the edge of the woods near the open field in front of our present. At evening it was determined to intrench during the night, and tools were sent for, but did not arrive until about 12 o'clock, when I immediately went through my regiment, waked up the men, sleeping soundly, and soon had the work commenced, giving charge of the working party to Captain Snyder, who, with his usual energy, kept up the work by regular details during the night and the next day until the work was completed, the men jumping from their slumbers to the work with the same alacrity and spirit as at previous camps.

On Friday, the 30th ultimo, early in the morning, the explosions at Corinth were heard, and soon clouds of smoke were seen rising. Variour were the conjectures as to what it meant. About 7 a.m. I received an order to proceed with the Seventy-second and

Forty-eighth Regiments to reconnoiter toward the enemy's lines. We were soon under way. We marched across the field in front of our breastworks and formed in line of battle in the edge of the wood beyond our picket line, throwing forward three companies of the Seventy-second and one of the Forty-eighth, under command of Captain Snyder, as skirmishers. In this order we marched through the wood, so dense with underbrush that we could see scarcely a road in front, and came out on the other side in full view of the enemy's works. We halted a few moments and ordered parties forward, to be assured that the enemy had surely fled. The fact was soon apparent, and we went forward, you leading the way. We marched in line of battle up to the intrenchments, halted, and gave three hearty cheers for the Stars and Stripes. Each regiment then marched by its right flank, entering the intrenchments at different points, the Seventy-second somewhat in advance. We marched through the enemy's works to Corinth, halted a while in line of battle, and then, by your order, marched through Corinth beyond College Hill. There we remained until 2.30 o'clock, when we returned through Corinth and the enemy's works by a different route to our camp.

The Seventy-second has met with no serious casualties except that Francis Smith,of Company E, was badly, and probably mortally,

