
of the enemy's forces which had been placed there to guard it, and rapidly driving them back, tore up the road for some distance, spoiling the rails by placing them on ties and other timbers, which were fired, and thus destroyed. The celerity of this movement took the enemy by surprise, leaving him no opportunity to re-enforce the detachment thus put to flight. After having successfully accomplished the object of the movement and marched near 10 miles, our forces were returned to their camp by 10 o'clock a.m.

On the 21st General Logan's brigade, leaving the cross-roads, moved forward and took a fortified position within 3 miles of the enemy's defenses around Corinth, near Easel's house. At this date the two divisions comprising the reserves were disposed in different detachments from the point named on the extreme right of our general line of advance northward some 18 miles on the east of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad and Owl Creek quite to Pittsburg Landing. This disposition stamped them with the double character of an advance force and a reserve, and subjected them to reserve, unceasing, and most dangerous duty. It was expected of them to prevent the enemy from turning our right flank and interrupting our communications with the source of our supplies at Pittsburg Landing. This they did.

A farther advance upon Corinth having been determined upon on the 28th General Logan's and General Ross' brigades were moved to the front and right of our general line of advance, under command of General Judah, in pursuance of my order. Immediately co-operating with General Sherman's division in making a strong demonstration of attacking Corinth, they first directed their march to the Bowie Cut on the railroad. Finding the enemy's picket here, between whom and our own such an agreement existed, we notified them to retire, which, after an interview between Major Stewart, of my staff, and Captain Cochran, of the Louisiana Cavalry, they did, yielding us possession of the ground they had occupied and the control of the road track within 2 miles of the enemy's defenses. This was the most advanced position which had been hitherto taken on the right of our general line, and was retained and intrenched by General Ross on account of its great strategic value.

About the time General Ross had taken possession of this division General Logan moved his brigade obliquely to the left and united with General Denver's brigade, forming the right of General Sherman's division, the effect of this disposition being extend the line of battle so as to flank the enemy's position of the west. This portion of my command, in conjunction with General Sherman's division, now advanced to attack him. Skirmishers were thrown out about 300 yards in front of the brigade, under charge of Major Smith, of the Forty-fifth Illinois, acting as officer of the day, and were met by skirmishers of the enemy. Sharp firing soon ensued, and another company from the Eighth Illinois, under command of Captain Wilson, was thrown forward to support their comrades already engaged. A spirited combat ensued, in which several of our men were wounded, and among the number Sergt. B. Zick, of Company B, Eighth Illinois, severely, in the arm. Our farther advance being restrained, we were left in the dark as to the loss sustained by the enemy, which,however, is believed to have been considerable, Afterward and near night the enemy's skirmishers, being increased, retailed by making an attack upon our skirmishers, confident of success by reason of the superiority of his numbers. To his disappointment, however, Captain Lieb and Wilson, of the Eighth Illinois, boldly advanced their companies, and after two rounds of musketry drove him back discomfited. In this second

