
skirmish 1 of our men was wounded, 7 of the enemy killed, and still more wounded who were carried from the field. Night followed, during which the brigade laid upon its arms, in the face of the enemy, prepared to meet any emergency.

The conspicuous and pregnant fact that the enemy had allowed us to approach within artillery range of his defense at this point without offering any formidable resistance reasonably induced the belief that he had evacuated or was evacuating his camp at Corinth. General Logan's opinion agreeing with my own upon this point, he wound have made a demonstration to prove the fact, with my approbation, but for want of authority.

On the evening of the 29th, after General Logan's brigade and commenced marching in returning to their camp near Easel's, the enemy's guard renewed their attack upon his picket line. Halting the regiments which had started and retaining those which had not yet moved in their position,he ordered Captains Lieb and Cowen, of the Eighth and Forty-fifth Illinois Regiments, to advance their companies. These officers promptly doing so, a very severe skirmish ensued, in which this small force again signalized Western by beating and driving back superior numbers. According to information subsequently obtained, the enemy lost 40 men killed and wounded in this combat, which the lateness of the evening and the nearness of his position to his works enabled him to carry off.

Having been relieved by other of General Sherman's troops, which had come up, the brigade returned to their camp the same night. This was the last engagement which took place before the enemy evacuated Corinth and we occupied that place.

In commenting upon these operations I have only to add that the officers and men under my command, while performing the duties both of an advance column and a reserve corps, won both my approval and admiration. The arduous and responsible task of protecting the right flank of our grand army and our communications for some 18 miles back to Pittsburg Landing was successfully executed. At no time was our flank allowed to be surprised or our line of communication interrupted, but throughout the siege all kinds of supplies, whether of commissary, quartermaster, or ordnance stores, continued safely to be brought up to our advancing line.

To the members of my staff I have occasion to renew my grateful acknowledge for their habitual zeal, activity, and devotion in furthering my views throughout the siege. Col. T. E. G. Ransom, inspector-general of the reserves; Col. F. Anneke, chief of artillery; Major J. J. Mudd, Major W. Stewart, Maj. E. S. Jones, W. Rives, Captain H. C. Freeman, engineer, and Lieutenant. H. P. Christie, all members of my staff, were unceasing in their efforts to obtain information and advise me of the successive movements, positions, and purpose of the enemy, and several times risked their lives by their near approach to his lines.

Our reconnaissance particularly deserves to be noticed, in which on the second day before the evacuation Major Stewart and Captain Rives pushed their advance so far as to make the first discovery of the enemy's works, and to draw upon themselves his fire, which providentially proved harmless. Nor can I forbear in justice to mention with earnest and emphatic commendation the admirable urbanity, skill, fidelity, and success with which Capt. S. T.

Hotchkiss, acting assistant adjutant-general of the reserves, performed the important and responsible duties of his office.

