
On the 30th our forces entered the evacuated camp of the enemy at Corinth, thereby adding to the series of successes which have crowned the arms of the West.

Yours, respectfully,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding Department of the Mississippi.

No. 36 Report of Brig. Gen. John A. Logan, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, of operations from April 19 to May 29.
HDQRS., 1ST DIV. RES. CORPS, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Bethel, Tenn., June-, 1862.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the different arms of the First Division since my connection with it, in pursuance of a request your headquarters of date June 11, 1862:

I was assigned to and took command of the First Brigade, consisting of the Eighth Illinois Infantry, Col. F. L. Rhoads; Eighteenth Illinois Infantry, Col. M. K. Lawler; Thirteenth Illinois Infantry, Col. E. S. Dennis; Thirty-first Illinois Infantry, Col. L. Ozburn, and Twelfth Michigan Infantry, Col. F. Quinn, on the 19th day of April,1862, by General Field Orders, No. 402 from your headquarters, and occupied Camp No. 1, which may be designated as General Oglesby's old camp, 1 mine north of Shiloh Church, one-quarter of a mile from your headquarters, on the Corinth and Pittsburg Landing road, and 2 miles from said Landing.

On the 23rd day of April I received marching orders, dated from your headquarters, to be ready at 8 a.m. April 24 to move forward, taking all camp and garrison equipage. After constructing a road across a branch of Owl Creek I advanced my brigade, as ordered, about 2 miles, taking position about three degrees north of a direct westerly line, with my right resting on a bluff overlooking Owl Creek. This camp was, by special order from your headquarters, designated as Camp Stanton. We here constructed the first field fortifications, consisting of enfilading rifle pits and lunettes.

On the 25th day of April Colonel Lawler was ordered to take six regiments, three companies of cavalry, and one section of artillery, and make a reconnaissance in front of and to the left of our position in the direction of Monterey. I also instructed Colonel Lawler to feel the enemy. The expedition started at daylight on the next morning, as ordered, and proceeded in the direction indicated until he received an order by the hands of a messenger, dated headquarters Army of the Tennessee, to halt his column to camp, which he obeyed.

On the 29th of April I again received orders to march early on the morning of the 30th, and on that day marched my command, in conjunction with the division, with camp and garrison equipage, a distance of about 3 miles on the road to Monterey, and took position on the right of the division, which rested its left on the Monterey road about 9

