
miles from that place, and near the McCook Hospital. This was Camp No. 3. Roads were repaired and constructed from Camp Stanton to Camp No. 3 by the division, and in the rear of Camp Stanton toward Pittsburg Landing to the extent of 3 miles.

Upon the assignment of the major-general commanding the division to the command of the Reserve Corps of the Army of the Tennessee I was by General Orders, No. 1, issued from your headquarters, under date of May 2, 1862, assigned to the command of the Third Division (late First) on account of seniority of rank.

On the 3rd day of May, in conformity with Special Field Orders, Numbers 40, from department headquarters, I was relieved from the command of the division by the assignment of Brig. Gen. H. M. Judah to the command. Being in ill health, I deferred assuming command of my brigade until I became able. My brigade at that time was under orders to move forward with the division early on the 4th of May. Col. M. K. Lawler, whom I had previously assigned to the command of the First Brigade, conducted its march on the right of the division on that day with military skill and ability. The division moved forward a distance of about 6 miles, and established a camp on the south bank of Lick Creek, on the main Corinth road, and 1 mile in rear of Monterey. This was Camp No. 4. Two bridges, constructed across Lick Creek and the road, including that part across Lick Creek Bottom, were reconstructed from this camp to Pittsburg Landing, for the accommodation of the supply trains. At the above camp I resumed command of my brigade. Frequent cavalry reconnaissance were made from this point, but I have no official knowledge of their results.

In the afternoon of the 10th day of May I was under orders to move my command forward with the division on the morning of the 11th at an early hour on the road to and in the direction of Corinth, to a house known as Coggsdale's. Upon arriving there I was informed that we would move forward to the camp lately occupied by Major-General Sherman, at the crossing of the Old State-line road with the Purdy and Farmington road. Upon arriving at the place thus previously designated one regiment from my brigade was thrown out 1 miles in front as a picket guard. We then proceeded to establish the camp, my brigade taking position on the right, Col. M. K. Lawler, who had been assigned to the command of the Third Brigade, on the left, Brig. Gen. L. F. Ross, commanding Second Brigade, in rear of the center, one battery of artillery on the right of my brigade, two in the center of the division, and one on the left, and the cavalry in rear of the whole command. The Twentieth Illinois

(Lieutenant-Colonel Richards commanding), of the Third Brigade, with two pieces of artillery, was ordered in advance for outpost duty, and took position on a line with the infantry pickets on the old State-line road overlooking Muddy Creek, at the crossing near Hain's house.

It will not be out of place at this juncture to mention that Capt. S. R. Tresilian, of my staff,in charge of one company of cavalry, advanced beyond the creek and drove the enemy's pickets beyond Easel's house, on the Hack road, leading from Purdy to Corinth. Three companies of the Eleventh Illinois Infantry were ordered on outpost duty 1 mile on the right of the division, on the road leading from Farmington to Purdy. Cavalry reconnaissance were made daily from this camp, resulting in almost every instance in meeting the enemy's pickets an driving them from their position, of which, however, I am not officially advised in regard to, not being in command of the division at the time. We at this camp (No. 5.) completed the fortifications commenced by

