
of Captains Lieb and Cowen, of the Eighth and Forty-fifth Regiments respectfully, and fought the enemy, of three times their number, alone. The enemy succeeded in carrying away all his killed and wounded, which I an informed amounted to near 40 men. This was the last skirmish had on the right of the line occupied by General Sherman and myself. Everything becoming quiet on the lines, and the two regiments of my command being relieved, I ordered the whole command to return, and arrived at camp that evening (May 29) at or near sundown.

Great credit is due to the members of my staff, Capt. R. R. Townes, assistant adjutant-general; Capt. J. J. Dollis, senior aide-de-camp; Capt. S. R. Tresilian, division engineer, and Capts. A. L. Page, D. C. Moore, and William C. Carroll, aides-de-camp, for their active and efficient services rendered on the march, in camp, and on the field.

On the next morning I received official notice of the evacuation of Corinth, and that the American flag, as it waved over the rebels fortifications, was greeted by the thundering shouts of our soldiery.

* * * * * *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Capt. C. T. HOTCHKISS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Reserve Corps.

No. 37 Reports of General G. T. Beauregard, C. S. Army, commanding Department No. 2, with correspondence, orders, and supplementary statements concerning operations from April 8 to June 10.

THIRTY MILES SOUTH OF CORINTH, MISS., On Mobile and Ohio Railroad, June 3, 1862.

General S. COOPER:

We evacuated Corinth successfully on 30th ultimo; a complete surprise to the enemy. Rear guard arrived here unmolested last night. We brought away all our heavy guns, tents,&amp;c., but had to burn a few trains, cut off by gross neglect in getting to a bridge.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Tupelo, Miss., June 13, 1862.

GENERAL: In relation to recent military operations in this quarter I have to submit the following for the information of the War Department:

The purpose and ends for which I had occupied and held Corinth having been mainly accomplished by the last of May, and by the 25th of that month having ascertained definitely that the enemy had received large accessions to his already superior force, while ours had been reduced day by day by disease, resulting form bad water and interior food, I felt it clearly my duty to evacuate that position without delay. I was further induced to this step by the fact that the enemy had declined my offer of battle twice made him outside of my intrenched

