
I feel authorized to say by the evacuation the plan of campaign of the enemy was utterly foiled-his delay of seven weeks and was expenditures were of little value, and he has reached Corinth to find it a barren locality, which he must abandon as wholly worthless for his purposes.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.

P. S.-My effective force on the morning of the evacuation (May 30) did not exceed 47,000 men, of all arms. That of the enemy, obtained from the best sources of information, could not have been less than 90,000 men, of all arms.

[Inclosure A.]

STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAVALRY OF WESTERN DEPT.,No. 30. Corinth, Miss., May 26, 1862.

I. Captain Mauldin, commanding company of cavalry at Bear Creek Bridge, will hold his command in readiness to move at a moment's notice toward Baldwin or Guntown, on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. He will, when orders to move are received, thoroughly destroy all bridges, both of railroad and ordinary roads, on Bear Creek and its tributaries, and all bridges on his line of march. Should the enemy force him to fall back before orders to do so have been received, he will burn all the bridges, as above instructed.

II. The commanding officer of the cavalry on and near the Tennessee River will, if compelled by the enemy to fall back, move in the direction of Tuscaloosa, Ala., or Columbus, Miss.

III. The commanding officer of cavalry at or near Rienzi will follow the movements of the army when it passes Rienzi with his entire force.

IV. The commanding officer of the cavalry forces at or near Jacinto will report at once in person to General Van Dorn for orders,and will, until further orders, receive all his orders from General Van Dorn.

V. The commanding officers of the troops in readiness to move on short notice by the most direct route to Kossuth. When commencing this movement they will thoroughly destroy the Cypress Bridge and all the railroad and mud-road bridges in their rear and all bridges that might be of service to the enemy. They will take their artillery with them, and, on reaching Kossuth, will follow up the general movement of the army and protect its rear.

VI. The commanding officer of the cavalry at Pocahontas and vicinity will hold his command in readiness to move on short notice to Ripley. On commencing the move he will destroy all the railroad and mud-road bridges in his rear, and all other bridges that may be of service to the enemy will be destroyed. He will take all of his artillery with him and move from Rippley to Pontotoc, and will protect the rear of the forces moving in that direction. When at Ripley he will communicate with general headquarters at Baldwin for orders.

By order of Brig. Gen. W. N. R. Beall;

BEALL HEMPSTEAD,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

