
[Inclosure B.]

Memorandum of orders.

HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Corinth, Miss., May 27, 1862.

The following memorandum is furnished to General Bragg for the intended movement of his army this place to Baldwin at the time hereinafter indicated:

1st. Hardee's corps will move on the direct from his position to Danville by Cleburne's camp, which lies on the east of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad part of the way; thence to Rienzi and Baldwin.

2nd. Bragg's corps via the Tennessee pike to Kossuth until it reaches the south of the Tuscumbia; thence by the Rienzi and Blackland road to Carrollsville and Baldwin.

3rd. Breckinridge's corps (or reserve) via the turnpike to Kossuth; thence to Blackland, Carrollsville, and Baldwin.

4th. Polk's corps via the turnpike to Kossuth; thence by the Western road to Blackland, Carrollsville, and Baldwin.

5th. The baggage trains of these corps must leave their position at 12 m. precisely on the 28th instant, and stop for the night on the south side of the Tuscumbia on the best available ground. The provision trains will follow the baggage trains.

6th. The ammunition and ambulance trains must be parked at the most convenient point to their brigades and moved in rear of the provision trains to the south side of the Tuscumbia, where they will await further orders. All of these trains are to be accompanied by one pioneer and two infantry companies, properly distributed per brigade. The brigade and regimental quartermaster must accompany and be responsible for their trains.

7th. The officers in charge of the baggage trains will receive sealed orders as to their point of destination, and which they will open at the first-mentioned stooping place.

8th. As it may become necessary to take the offensive, the troops will take their position in the trenches as soon as practicable after disposing of their baggage in the wagon trains. One brigade per corps will be put in line of battle in the best position for the offensive in front of the trenches. The reserve will remain in position as already indicated to its general commanding. These troops will all bivouac in position, and at 3 a.m. on the 29th instant, if not attacked by the enemy, will take, will take up their line of march to Baldwin by the routes indicated in Article I, leaving properly distributed cavalry pickets in front of their lines to guard and protect this retrograde movement. These pickets will remain in position until recalled by the chief of cavalry, who will remain in Corinth for the purpose of directing the retrograde movement of cavalry,and when each regiment must follow the route taken by the corps to which it shall have been temporarily assigned for the protection of its rear and flanks.

9th. Under no circumstances will these cavalry regiments abandon their positions in front of the lines (unless compelled by overpowering numbers) until the rear of the columns of the Army of the Mississippi shall have crossed the Tuscumbia, when the general commanding each corps will communicate that fact to the chief of cavalry for this information and guidance.

10th. The cavalry pickets will continue the usual skirmishing with the enemy in front of the lines, and when retiring they will destroy the

