
roads and bridges in their rear as far as practicable, and after having crossed the Tuscumbia, they will guard the crossing until recalled by the general commanding.

11th. The chief of cavalry will order, if practicable, one regiment to report to Major-General Polk, one to Major-General Hardee, one to General Bragg, and one to Major-General Van Dorn, independently of the regiment now at Jacinto already to report to the latter officer.

12th. After the departure of the troops from the intrenched line a sufficient number of drums from each brigade must be left to beat reveille at the usual hour, after which they can rejoin their commands.

13th. The commanding officer of the corps of the Army of the Mississippi will leave on the south side of the Tuscumbia 500 infantry and two pieces of artillery, to guard the four crossing of that stream and to effectually destroy the bridges and obstruct the roads after the passage of the cavalry.

14th. On arriving at Baldwin the best defensive position will be taken by the Army of the Mississippi, due regard being had to a proper and sufficient supply of wood and water for the troops and horses of the different commands.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

[Inclosure C.]

Memorandum of movements on Baldwin for General Van Dorn.

HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Corinth, Miss., May 27, 1862.

1st. The baggage trains of his army must leave their position at daybreak on the 28th instant by the road on the east of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, to stop temporarily at about 6 miles from his headquarters, but with secret orders to the officer in charge of them to continue rapidly on the direct road to the vicinity of Baldwin. The provision trains will follow the baggage trains.

2nd. The ammunition and ambulance trains must be parked at the most convenient point to their brigades or near the general headquarters, where they will remain until the troops shall have been moved to the front to take up their line of battle, when these trains will be ordered to follow the provisions trains. All of these trains must be accompanied by one pioneer company and two infantry companies (properly distributed) per brigade. The brigade and regimental quartermasters must accompany and be responsible for their trains. The officers in charge of the baggage trains will receive sealed orders as to their point of destination,which they will open at the already-mentioned stopping place.

3rd. As it may become necessary to take the offensive, the troops will take their position in line of battle as soon as practicable after disposing of their baggage in the wagon trains. These troops will bivouac in position, and at 3 a.m. on the 29th instant, if not attacked by the enemy, will take up their line of march to Baldwin, by the route indicated (Article I), leaving properly-distributed cavalry pickets in front of their lines, to guard and protect this retrograde movement. These pickets shall remain in position until recalled by the chief of cavalry, who will remain in Corinth for the purpose of directing the retrograde movement of the cavalry, when each regiment will follow

