
the route taken by the corps to which it shall have been temporarily assigned for the protection of its rear and flanks.

4th. Under no circumstances will the cavalry regiments abandon their position in front of the lines (unless compelled by overpowering numbers) until the rear of the column of the Army of the West shall have crossed Clear Creek, when the general commanding shall communicate the fact to the chief of cavalry for his information and guidance.

5th. The cavalry pickets will continue the usual skirmishing with the enemy in front of the lines, and when retiring will destroy, as far as practicable, the roads and bridges in their rear, and after having crossed Clear Creek they will guard the crossing until recalled by the general commanding.

6th. The chief of cavalry will order, if practicable, one regiment to report to Major-General Polk, one to Major-General Hardee, one to General Bragg, and one to Major-General Van Dorn, independently of the regiment now at Jacinto already ordered to report to the latter officer.

7th. After the departure of the troops from the intrenched lines a sufficient number of drums from each brigade must be left to beat the reveille at the usual hour, after which they can rejoin their commands.

8th. The commanding officer of the Army of the West will leave, if necessary, on the south side of Clear Creek about 500 infantry and two pieces of artillery, to defend the crossing of said stream and to effectually destroy the bridge and obstruct the road after the passage of the cavalry.

9th. On arriving in the vicinity of Guntown the best defensive position will be taken in rear of Twenty Mile Creek, due regard being had to a proper and sufficient supply of wood and water for the troops.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

[Inclosure D.]

CONFIDENTIAL.]

GENERAL: Considering that we have still so much yet to be removed from this place, I have decided that the retrograde movement shall not take place until the 30th instant, at the hours appointed, instead of the 29th. You will please issue all necessary orders to that effect to the forces under your command. It would be advisable to stop at once the ammunition and provision trains at convenient points to this place.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding Army of the Mississippi, Corinth, Miss.

[Inclosure E.]

GENERAL: I approve of your request to leave at 12 o'clock (not 11) to-night, if it be clear, sending artillery at sundown 2 miles back, so not to send it too far. As Bragg's rear guards will not leave until 3 p.m. your ought not to leave before 2.30 o'clock, for Hardee's left would then be uncovered while moving in rear of your present position and before crossing the railroad. Hardee will destroy the bridges (dir

