
and railroad) on the Tuscumbia, provided he is guarding them; but have the matter clearly understood with him, so as to admit of no error. I referred in my note to the small bridge on Clear Creek, over which you must pass. You must, of course, have out as few details as possible. You must be the sole judge of that.

The telegraph operator must remain at his post as long as

possible-say until main forces move to the rear - for at any moment we may be called upon to move forward.

I am glad to hear of the sham balloon. I hope it is so, for I fear that more than their artillery at this moment.

Your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

Major-General EARL VAN DORN,

Danville Road, Miss.

P. S.-You must not forget to obstruct thoroughly the road across Clear Creek, near General Jones' lines. You or Hardee must keep a strong guard of infantry and two pieces of artillery at the Clear Creek railroad bridge until the last cars shall have left the depot here. Please arrange this matter distinctly with him. Would it not be prudent to send one regiment, two pieces of artillery, and some cavalry to protect your train? I think I would keep Price back in the best position to move either to the rear to protect the trains, if necessary, or to the front in case of battle.

[Inclosure F.]

CORINTH, MISS., May 28, 1862.

GENERAL: From information received, Guntown, 4 1/2 miles below Baldwin is considered a better position for the defensive; hence we will go there. Please give the necessary orders. Small details must be kept in or about old camps to keep up usual fires on account of balloon, with orders to join their commands at 10 o'clock on the march to the rear or in front in case of battle. Not too many fires must be kept on the lines to-night, so as not to reveal too clearly our position. A brigade (the best one) from each corps will be selected to guard and bring up the rear of each column, to move off about two hours after the rest of the column, and from which a small detail will be left at each bridge to destroy it after the passage of cavalry; detail to be in proportion to importance of bridge. Would it not be advisable for the main forces to start at 1 a.m. and the rear guards at 3 a.m.? No rockets must be fired

to-night.

Your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Corinth, Miss.

[Inclosure G.]

HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Corinth, Miss., May 29, 1862.

GENERAL: The following modifications have been made in the order relative to the retrograde movement from this place:

1st. At sundown the light batteries must be sent to about 1 mile from the intrenched line, in order to avoid communicating to the enemy any information of the movement. These batteries must be so placed

49 R R--VOL X

