
outside of the road as to follow their brigades at night without any difficulty.

2nd. At 8 p.m. the heavy batteries of the lines must be removed, without noise, to the cars and sent to the central depot.

3rd. At 10 p.m. the retrograde movement of the forces is to commence, as already instructed.

4th. At 12 p.m., or as soon thereafter as possible, the rear guard is to follow the movement.

5th. As soon as the Army of the Mississippi shall have got beyond the Tuscumbia, and the Army of the West beyond Ridge Creek, General Beall, chief of cavalry, at Corinth, shall be informed of the fact, and the positions in rear of said streams shall be held until all the trains shall be considered beyond the reach of the enemy.

6th. Camp fire must be kept up all night by the troops in position and then by the cavalry.

7th. Three signal rockets shall be sent up at 3 o'clock in the morning by the cavalry pickets of Generals Van Dorn, Bragg, and Polk.

8th. All artesian and other wells must be destroyed this evening by a detachment from each brigade. All artesian-well machinery must be sent forthwith to the depot for transportation to Saltilo.

9th. Whenever the railroad engine whistles during the night near the intrenchments the troops in the vicinity will cheer repeatedly, as though re-enforcements had been received.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

General BRAXTON BRAGG.

Major-General EARL VAN DORN.

Major-General LEONIDAS POLK.

Major-General W. J. HARDEE.

Major-General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE.

[Inclosure H.]

Memorandum of orders.

HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Baldwin, Miss., June 6, 1862-5 p.m.

I. General Van Dorn's army will start at 3 a.m. on the 7th instant on its way to Tupelo via the road from Baldwin to Priceville. It will halt for the night at Sand Creek, a distance of about 17 miles from Baldwin. It will resume its line of march the next morning at 3 a.m., and will take position for the present at Priceville, leaving a brigade at the cross of the road with the Ripley and Cotton-Gin roads, near Smith's Brooks' house, and a cavalry force at or about the Hearn saw-mill. One brigade will be sent to Mooresville or vicinity, and a force of cavalry to guard the Twenty Mile Creek Ferry, on the road from Fulton, with a strong picket at the latter place. The cavalry regiment at Marietta will not leave that position until the 8th instant at 4 a.m.

II. General Hardee's corps will start for Tupelo at 4 p.m. on the 7th instant via the same road as General Van Dorn's army, stopping for the night at a creek about 9 miles from its present position. He will send at 4 a.m. on that day one regiment and two pieces of artillery to the cross road with the Natchez train road, to guard the Twenty Mile Creek crossing. His corps will resume its line of march at 4 a.m. on the 8th instant, and will get to Tupelo that night if practicable. His

