
rear guard of cavalry will remain in its present position until 12 p.m. on the 7th instant, and afterward in the vicinity of Baldwin, guarding the rear of Hardee's corps, until about 4 a.m. on the 8th instant.

III. General Breckinridge's corps of reserve will leave for Tupelo, via Carrollville and Birmingham, at 3 a.m. on the 7th instant, stopping for the night at Yanoby Creek, a few miles beyond the latter town, and will resume its line of march at 3 a.m. on the 8th instant.

IV. General Bragg's corps will leave by the same road as General Breckinridge's (passing to the westward of Carrollsville) at 2 p.m. on the 7th instant, stopping for the night at or near Birmingham; leaving there at 3 a.m. for Tupelo. His cavalry will follow (on the same road) the movement from there it is now posted at 3 p.m. on the 8th instant. The regiment at Ripley will move on the road from that place to Tupelo, and all said cavalry will be posted as already indicated to General Bragg on the map.

V. General Polk's corps will conform its movement to that of General Bragg, starting at 2 p.m. on the 7th instant on the direct road to Saltillo, west of the railroad, halting at that place until further orders. His cavalry will remain where at present posted, and will follow his movement along the same road, guarding his rear, at 3 a.m. on the 8th instant.

VI. All infantry outposts should be recalled in time to join their commands.

VII. All finger-boards and mile-posts should be taken down by the cavalry of the rear guards.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

[Inclosure I.]

[Special correspondence of the Chicago Tribune.
PITTSBURG LANDING, TENN., May 30, 1862.

Just after I had written my letter dated this morning a dispatch was received from General Halleck's headquarters stating that our flag waved over the court-house at Corinth. The news caused much surprise here, as it was wholly unexpected, for the rebels had been disputing the ground with us inch by inch during the past few days, and with a stubbornness that indicated an intention to make a desperate resistance behind their main works of defense. Whether the reasons of the evacuation were merely strategical or that the supply of provisions was running short yet remains to be seen. I learn from a professed Union man, a deserter from the rebels, that they had for some time been on short rations, the men getting only a quarter ration and the horses three ears of corn per day. Their animals are said to be in a very condition. The water in and around Corinth is also very bad. It smells so offensively that the men to hold their noses while drinking it. As our men advanced they found the water much deteriorated and very difficult to obtain.

When our forces entered the place, about 7 a.m., after shelling it for some time,they found but two or three man and a few women and children in it. These were gathered around the little heaps of furniture they had snatched from the burning buildings. Whether the buildings were set on fire by our shells or the retreating rebels is not known. During the night our pickets, and indeed the entire advance

