
were making a stand and would fight the next day. Considerable cannonading was done by our forces and yet no response, and yesterday the same. Last night the same band sounded retreat, tattoo, and taps all along the rebel lines, moving from to place, and this morning suspicion was ripened into certainty when we saw dense volumes of smoke arise in the direction of Corinth and heard the report of an exploding magazine. Corinth was evacuated and Beauregard had achieved another triumph.

I do not know how the matter strikes abler military men, but I think we have been fooled. The works are far from being invulnerable, and the old joke of quaker guns has been played off on us. They were real wooden guns, with stuffed "paddies" for gunners. I saw them. We approached clear from Shiloh in line of battle and made preparations to defend ourselves, compared with which the preparations of Beauregard sink into insignificance. This morning we could have poured shot and shell from over 300 guns into works that never saw the day when General McCook could not have taken his division into them. The indications are that the rebel force here did not exceed 60,000 men. With what light I what I regarded the mode of our advance upon Corinth as deep wisdom; with the light I now have I do not.

The First Ohio was among the first to amount the works; but I believe the Twenty-fourth Ohio was the very first, and their new flag, lately received from the Sixth, was the first to wave in triumph over the now famous village of Corinth.

When we got into Corinth I suppose the fires kindled by the rebels had destroyed all they meant to destroy (which was everything moveable that they could not remove); but much more damage would have been done but for our timely arrival. The place is entirely deserted, except by one or two families.

KAPPA.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 30, 1862.

The following dispatch was received at the War Department this morning:
HEADQUARTERS, Near Corinth, Miss., May 30, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

The enemy's position and works in front of Corinth were exceeding strong. He cannot occupy position in his flight. This morning he destroyed an immense amount of public and private property, stores, provisions, wagons, tents,&amp;c. For miles out of town the roads are filled with arms, haversacks,&c., thrown away by his fleeing troops. A large number of prisoners and deserters have been captured, estimated by General Pope at 2,000. General Beauregard evidently distrusts his army, or he would have defended so strong a position. His troops are generally much discouraged and demoralized. For the last few days their resistance has been slight.

H. W. HALLECK,Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 2, 1862.

The following dispatch has been received at the War Department in reply to an inquiry of General Meigs:

CORINTH, MISS., May 31, 1862.

M. C. MEIGS, Quartermaster-General:

If Beauregard has been at Richmond others have forged his signature, as I have receipted letters from his about the exchange of prisoners nearly every day for the last fortnight. The evacuation of Corinth commenced on Wednesday and was completed

