
on Thursday night, but in great haste, as in immense amount of property was destroyed and abandoned. No troops have gone from here to Richmond unless within the past two days.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

The retreat of the enemy from Corinth-Great destruction of property-A bold cavalry reconnaissance.

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 2, 1862.

The following dispatch was received at the War Department this morning:

HALLECK'S HEADQUARTERS, Camp Corinth, Miss., June 1, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

The following dispatch has been received from General Pope:

"Major-General HALLECK:

"It gives me pleasure to report to-day the brilliant success of the expedition sent out on the 28th instant, under Colonel Elliott, with the Second Iowa Cavalry. After forced marches day and night, through a very difficult country and obstructed by the enemy, he finally succeeded in reaching the Mobile and Ohio Railroad at Booneville at 2 a.m. on the 30th. He destroyed the track in many places south and north of the town, blew up one culvert; destroyed the switch and track; burned up the depot and a locomotive and a train of 26 cars loaded with supplies of every kind; destroyed 10,000 stand of small-arms, 3 pieces of artillery, and a great quantity of clothing and ammunition, and paroled, 2,000 prisoners, which he could not keep with his cavalry. The enemy had heard of his movements and had a train of box and flat cars, with flying artillery and 5,000 infantry, running up and down the road to prevent him from reaching it. The whole road was lined with pickets for several days. Colonel Elliott's command subsisted on meat alone, such as they could find in the country. For daring and dispatch this expedition has been distinguished in the highest degree, and entitles Colonel Elliott and his command to high distinction. The results will be embarrassing to the enemy and contribute greatly to their loss and demoralization. He reports the road full of small parties of the retreating enemy, scattering in all directions.

"JOHN POPE,

"Major-General."

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 4, 1862.

The following dispatch was received this afternoon at the War Department:

HALLECK'S HEADQUARTERS, June 4, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

General Pope, with 40,000 men, is 30 miles south of Florence, pushing the enemy hard. He already reports 10,000 prisoners and deserters the enemy and 15,000 stand of arms captured.* Thousands of the enemy are throwing away their arms. A farmer says that when Beauregard learned that Colonel Elliott, had cut the railroad on his line of retreat he became frantic, and told the men to save themselves the best way they could. We captured nine locomotive and a number of cars. One of the former is already repaired and is running to-day. Several more will be in running order in a few days. The result is all that I could desire.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Addenda.]

MOBILE, ALA., June 22, 1862.

Answer to interrogatories contained in a letter of instructions from President Jefferson Davis to Col. W. P. Johnston, aide-de-camp, dated Richmond, June 14, 1862.+

Question No. 1. I desire to know what were the circumstances and purpose of the retreat from the Charleston and Memphis Railroad to the position now occupied.

---------------

*See also Colonel Johnston's report, No. 38.

+See note on p.669.

---------------

