
as far as possible, and the circumstances would permit of its being done.

12. That the supply of forage at Corinth was sufficient, though not full, and for a time restricted in amount and kind, owing to the nature of the surrounding country and other circumstances. While at Tupelo it was ample, the army then being located in the vicinity of a country abounding in forage.

13. That there was but little forage within reach of Corinth by wagon transportation, and that little was consumed at an early day of our occupation of that post and the advanced counties.

14. That the facilities afforded by the railroads concentrating at that point, especially after their partial abandonment to the enemy, were not sufficient for the transportation of a full supply of forage for the army at Corinth, and at the same time to supply that the army with all other quartermaster's, commissary, and ordnance stores required, and at the same time meet the sudden and unexpected demands for the transportation of large numbers of troops, the sick,&amp;c.

15. That an abundant supply of corn, and as much long forage as could be found, was purchased by the quartermaster's department, and deposited along the lines of the different railroads for shipment to Corinth, and when cars could be obtained they were generally kept loaded with such forage, ready to be attached to the passing trains.

16. That the railroads were worked to their utmost capacity, but that many cases occurred where, from inability to transport them, the cars found ready loaded with forage were left by the passing trains on the side of the railroads, and thus detained or delayed in arriving at their place of destination.

17. That all side tracks required for the efficient working of the different railroads were laid down by the quartermaster's department wherever found insufficient for the accommodation of the increased business of the railroads.

18. That a competent military superintendent of the railroads (a major in the quartermaster's department) was selected by the presidents of the railroads, and, with their concurrence, appointed by General Beauregard, to take upon himself the entire and exclusive control of all the army transportation by railroad, under the immediate supervision of General Beauregard, the commanding the forces.

19. That the quartermaster's department, while under the control of Lieutenant-Colonel McLean, established and had in successful operation throughout the district of country under his charge many and extensive manufactories for the supply of the army with quartermaster's stores.

20. That hospital were erected and otherwise supplied for the use of the army including that of the Mississippi, and were in many instances furnished and supplied from the stores of the quartermaster's department while under the control of

Lieutenant-Colonel McLean.

21. That artesian wells were, under the direction of

Lieutenant-Colonel McLean, successfully bored at Corinth to supply the army at that place with water.

22. That corrals were established by the quartermaster's department of the Army of the Mississippi in the rear of the army for the disabled and worn-down public animals, where they were in large numbers properly attended and successfully recruited for the service.

23. That for ordinary purpose a sufficient and permanent force of negro laborers was employed by the quartermaster's department for loading and unloading the cars at the railroad depots.

