
No. 40 Report of Brig. Gen. David S. Stanley, U. S. Army, of skirmish at Monterey, Tenn., April 29.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, Army of the Mississippi, May 3, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that as early as guides could be procured on the morning of the 29th of April I marched to attempt the surprise of the rebel force at Monterey and make a reconnaissance of the country. My force consisted of the First Brigade of my division, Col. John Groesbeck commanding; sixteen companies of cavalry, Colonel W. L. Elliott commanding, with Dee's and Spoor's batteries. We met the first of the enemy's pickets 2 miles north of Monterey, and soon after learned that the enemy were probably retreating. In accordance with Colonel Elliott's desire, I directed him to follow with the entire cavalry force at speed through their deserted camp and the village of Monterey. The cavalry fell upon the retreating enemy, scattering them and taking some 20 prisoners. Major Love, Second Iowa Cavalry, pushed on the main Corinth road at a run until crossing a small bridge over a creek he was fired on by a cross-fire of four pieces of artillery,not over 50 yards distant, shooting canister. He here lost 1 man killed and 4 wounded. As he found the creek impassable, excepting by the bridge, he returned to me for orders. Believing that the major-general's instructions and the nature of the case did not justify an attack in force upon the enemy's position, I marched my force back to camp. To Colonel Elliott and the cavalry belong the credit of this little dash, and I am happy to bear testimony to their gallantry and readiness for service.

Inclosed please fired reports of Colonel Elliott and Major Love.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division.

Major S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Mississippi.

No. 41 Report of Col. Washington L. Elliott, Second Iowa Cavalry, of skirmish at Monterey, Tenn., April 29.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., CAV. DIV., ARMY MISSISSIPPI, May 1, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with verbal instructions from the major-general commanding, I proceeded with four battalions, two of the Second Iowa (Hepburn's and Love's), Lieutenant of the Second Michigan Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Gorham commanding, and reported to Brigadier-General Stanley, and with his command proceeded to Monterey, Tenn. About 1 1/2 miles of Monterey I was ordered of the enemy on the edge of the town. The camp had been abandoned late the previous night.

