
Upon reaching the center of the town I discovered two of the enemy running in the direction of Corinth. Lieutenant Weber, Second Michigan Cavalry, aide-de-camp, with several of my orderlies, gallantly dashed ahead and endeavored to cut them off. Seeing that a larger party was near the edge of the timber to support the two of the enemy, I caused the recall to be sounded; about the same time detached a portion of the advance guard-Captain Crocker, Company K, Second Iowa Cavalry, and the Third Battalion, Second Iowa Cavalry (Love's) - to support the small party. They had put to flight superior numbers, wounding 1 and taking 11 prisoners.

Finding that Major Love's battalion had not returned after the recall and that there was occasional firing, I moved nearer to him,and learning from the nature of the ground, withdrew to more open ground, and awaited the arrival and instructions of General Stanley. Upon consultation with him it was deemed best not to push the reconnaissance beyond the town of Monterey.

After remaining until the wounded were cared for, and not having the means of taking off the hundred wall and Sibley tents of the enemy, I caused them to be burned, took off ammunition for use, and destroyed some powder found in a building formerly used by the enemy as a store-house, and returned to camp. Inclosed, marked A [No. 42.], find Major Love's report, with list of killed and wounded.

From Lieutenant Marden, Second Iowa Cavalry, acting

adjutant-general; Lieutenant Weber, Second Michigan Cavalry,

aide-de-camp; and Capt. P. S. Schuyler, Second Michigan Cavalry, en route to join his company, who volunteered to accompany me, I received much assistance in carrying my orders, reconnoitering the ground,&amp;c. Officers and men conducted themselves well. Major Love, with his battalion of the Second Iowa Cavalry, although it had received the fire of a masked battery in attempting to cross upon a narrow bridge over an impassable stream, was not thrown into the least confusion, officers and men eager to again attempt to cross and charge upon the battery. About 18 prisoners were taken from them. I learned that the Fourth, Thirteenth, Seventeenth, Twentieth, and Twenty-fifth Louisiana Regiments, from 200 to 250 cavalry, and four pieces of artillery, composed the force of the enemy near Monterey.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Colonel Second Iowa Cav., Comdg. Second Brig. Cav. Div.

The ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. Second Division (Stanley's), Army of the Mississippi.

No. 42 Report of Major Hiram W. Love, Second Iowa Cavalry, of skirmish at Monterey, Tenn., April 29.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND IOWA CAVALRY, Camp on Corinth Road, April 30, 1862.

I have the honor to report that in the attack made by Colonel Elliott, Second Iowa Cavalry, upon the enemy's camp at Monterey, April 29, 1862, I was detached by Lieutenant-Colonel Hatch, Second Iowa Cavalry, and ordered to cut off his (the enemy's) retreat, if possible. After

