
in which we killed 12 of the enemy, running them off, and burning their tents, &amp;c. Our loss consisted of 1 man killed and 1 mortally wounded.

From the best information I can procure the enemy have concentrated about 32,000 to 35,000 men in the vicinity of Nashville. Their largest encampment appears to be on the Charlotte Pike, where they appear to have large means of land transportation, such as wagons, mules, &c.

With a small addition to my force I think they could be prevented from marauding to any great extent. If furnished with sacks, a good deal of corn, wheat, &c., could be sent out of this country within the next ten days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. SCOTT,

First Louisiana Cavalry.

General A. SIDNEY JOHNSTON,

Huntsville, Ala.

MARCH 9-14, 1862.-Expedition toward Purdy and operations about Crump's Landing, Tenn.

LIST OF REPORTS.

No. 1.-Brig. General Charles F. Smith, U. S. Army.

No. 2.-Brig. General Lewis Wallace, U. S. Army.

No. 3.-Major Charles S. Hayes, Fifth Ohio Cavalry.

No. 4.-Major-General Braxton Bragg, C. S. Army.

No. 5.-Brig. General Adley H. Gladden, C. S. Army.

No. 6.-Colonel Daniel W. Adams, First Louisiana Infantry.

No. 7.-Colonel Alfred Mouton, Eighteenth Louisiana Infantry.

No. 8.-Major Charles Baskerville, Second Mississippi Cavalry (Battalion).

No. 1. Report of Brig. General Charles F. Smith, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY CORPS,District of West Tennessee, March 14, 1862.

SIR: From the inclosed reports of Brigadier-General Wallace, Nos. 1 and 2, of yesterday's date [No. 2.] it will be perceived that the expedition to injure the railway communication north of Purdy has been successful. (Please see inclosed my orders on the subject.*)

Another expedition, on the same principle, will leave, under Brigadier-General Sherman, in an hour or so, to operate between Corinth and Eastport, at a point about 12 miles from the river, in the neighborhood of Burnsville. I have not been able to get anything like the desired information as to the strength of the enemy, but it seems to be quoted at 50,000 to 60,000 from Jackson through Corinth and farther east. Their principal force is at Corinth; that which has induced me not to attempt to cut the communication at that place, as that would inevitably lead to a collision in number that I am ordered to avoid, and hence my efforts north of Purdy and east of Corinth.

In order to furnish the steamers called for my General Grant's recent instructions I have caused Brigadier-General McClernand's division to debark and occupy Savannah and the surrounding country. From a

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

