
moving for a half mile through a thickly-wooded and broken country, I met with signs of a hasty retreat. Pushing forward as rapidly as the bad roads would permit, my advance guard, while crossing a narrow bridge, received the fire of a masked battery of four guns throwing grape and canister. The guns the opened on the main column, killing William Paxton, Company B, and wounding Corporal Smith, Privates Bremner and Boutrager, Company I. The battery was upon a side hill, near the top, masked by bushes, its fire covering the bridge. We received nineteen shots, mostly too high to damage us. I moved my men out of range, and then examined the stream above and below the bridge for some distance; could find no point practicable for crossing without bridging. I therefore withdrew to Monterey,and was ordered back to the regiment by Lieutenant-Colonel Hatch, Second Iowa Cavalry, commanding. During the entire the whole command conducted itself with a coolness and bravery worthy of commendation.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

HIRAM W. LOVE,

Major, Second Iowa Cavalry, Commanding Third Battalion.

Lieutenant. C. F. MARDEN,

A. A. A. G., Second Brig., Cav. Div., Army Mississippi.

No. 43 Report of Brig. General Patton Anderson, C. S. Army, of skirmish at Monterey, Tenn., April 29.

ADKIN'S HOUSE, ON MONTEREY ROAD, TENN., April 29, 1862-12.45 p.m.

MAJOR: A few minutes after my last note was written the cavalry which had been left and Monterey came dashing through my lines a little beyond this, reporting the enemy in hot pursuit in

largely-superior cavalry force and infantry; not known how many. Most of Lieutenant-Colonel Kelly's command were halted and formed in front some 400 to 600 yards; many, however, passed through and have probably gone to Corinth. My dispositions had been made. A few precautions were, however, added. The artillery (three pieces Washington Artillery) was in the center of the right wing, sweeping the road. Our cavalry was soon fired upon by large squadrons, perhaps 500 men, and, returning the fire feebly, fell back. The enemy came in pursuit, and as soon as his columns were unmasked, as previously directed, Lieutenant Vaught, commanding the artillery, opened upon the head of his column with canister and round shot and soon put the whole to flight, killing one or two and several horses. I had not the cavalry to pursue vigorously, but sent 50 men, under an officer, to follow on and learn where he had gone. They followed to within 1 mile of Monterey and report infantry and six pieces of artillery there.

Major Smith, commanding 150 mounted men, on his way from Corinth to Sand Hill, came up while the firing was going on and promptly reported to me for service. I ordered him to divide and form on my right and left and to send out small parties for observation,&amp;c., all of which he promptly executed.

After the enemy's cavalry had retreated beyond the range of our artillery I ceased firing and occupied the position until half an hour

