
ago, when I fell back through a boggy wood to this position, on the hill commanding Mr. Atkins' house.

I had expected the infantry and artillery to move up after the cavalry was repulsed; but waiting three hours for him, and finding this to be a better position, I crossed the creek near Adkins' and took the position I now occupy. I was much influenced in his move by a report which Lieutenant Forrest, of Forrest's cavalry, made me after the repulse. He came, attracted by the firing, and reported the enemy moving up the Hamburg and Corinth road in a column of 10,000 infantry. He had been posted with 20 men on this road yesterday morning at a point near Babb's house. This morning he was driven in and cut off from his retreat to me and came back toward Corinth till he heard the firing and returned. If this information be true (and it concurs with former reports of scouts), it is important. That road (the Babb) intersects the Monterey and Corinth road 4 1/2 miles this side of Corinth, at Shope's house.

The roads are in wretched condition. It is almost impossible to get our artillery through the mud with their weakened teams. A great deal of our cavalry cannot be got to make a stand from the same cause.

Lieutenant Vaught and his men deserve much praise for the coolness, courage, and skill with which they handled their pieces. He was ably assisted by Lieutenant Chalaron, who likewise displayed all the good qualities of an artillery officer. The infantry did not fire a volley, but stood coolly, ready to do so when ordered.

I would be pleased to receive any suggestions from the general commanding at all times in regard to my movements, and I shall endeavor to keep him informed of what I do.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PATTON ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Outpost, &amp;c.

P. S.-I have said one or two were killed, because the first officer who rode over the field reported to me two; one who subsequently examined said he could find but one.

[Indorsement.]

----,--- --, 1862.

Respectfully referred. Some fresh cavalry is much needed at this position.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, &c.

No. 44 Report of Major-General John Pope, U. S. Army, of skirmish at Farmington, Miss., May 3.

NEAR FARMINGTON, May 3, 1862.

The reconnaissance sent toward Farmington found the enemy 4,500 strong, with four pieces of artillery and some cavalry, occupying strong

51 R R-VOL X

