
position in front of the town. Our forces advanced at once to the assault, and after a sharp skirmish carried the position in handsome style. The enemy left 30 dead on the field and their tents and baggage.* The cavalry in pursuit toward Corinth. Another portion of the cavalry, when I last heard, was in pursuit of their train of wagons toward the railroad. A considerable force has pushed south to the railroad under General Paine, and have by this time destroyed it. The whole affair was very handsome, our regiments charging the battery and their infantry line at double-quick. The enemy fled in wild confusion. The regiment of cavalry which I sent through also to Booneville [Burnsville] took possession of the town, tore up the railroad track, and destroyed the bridges. The troops are all returning, and will bivouac to-night 2 miles this side of Farmington, in rear of a small, difficult creek. I propose to move forward my whole force 4 1/2 miles to-morrow to this creek, which will place me within 5 miles of Corinth and in a strong position, with deep, miry creek in front.

If you do not approve, please telegraph me immediately, as my arrangements are all made to move in the morning. I will telegraph you again as soon as I hear the result of the cavalry pursuit. We have a good many prisoners; can't tell yet how many.

Our loss, 2 killed and 12 wounded.

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General.

Major-General HALLECK.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF MISSISSIPPI,No. 104. Camp on Corinth Road, May 4, 1862.

The major-general commanding congratulates the First Division of this army upon the brilliant success which attended their operations yesterday. The conduct of the division, and the cavalry under Colonel Minty, temporarily attached to it, was excellent, and bespeaks courage and discipline.

The highest expectations of their future deportment in action has been raised by their conduct yesterday, which the general commanding is satisfied will not be disappointed.

Special mention is due to the Yates Sharpshooters, under Lieutenant-Colonel Williams, and the batteries of Hescock and Houghtaling.

By order of Major-General Pope:

SPEED BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 45 Report of Lieutenant. Colonel John Tillson, Tenth Illinois Infantry, of skirmish at Farmington, Miss., May 3.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Farmington, Miss., May 4, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with your order of this date I submit a report of such part taken by the Tenth Illinois Volunteers as did not fall under your immediate observation in the movements of yesterday:

---------------

*See also Brig. General James D. Morgan's report, No. 21, p.713.

---------------

