
Moving from camp at 10.30 a.m. on the 3rd instant, in light marching order, some 4 1/2 miles, to the edge of the swamp lining the creek near Farmington, we were halted and first two and soon after two more companies thrown forward and deployed as skirmishers across and on either side of the road leading to Farmington. Received soon after an order to move up the whole regiment, I pushed forward and overtook my advance companies (A, F, D, and I), briskly engaged, steadily driving the enemy before them under a close and rapid fire. Halting the left wing, and leaving it under charge of Major Rowland, the advance companies pushed forward, soon clearing the woods of the enemy, and on emerging from the swamp were reformed and placed in position to guard the road through which we had passed. Companies A and F on the right, D across, and I on the left of the road. The left wing, with the exception of Company C, which was temporarily detailed to rebuild a bridge across the creek-a duty which, under the immediate direction of General Paine, they speedily and effectually accomplished-and the remainder of the brigade coming up, the subsequent movements-formation in line of battle, support of artillery, advance, and occupation of the town-were under your own direction and notice until our return at dark to the swamp. I then was directed to leave two companies in outpost on the west and hold the other eight on the east side of the swamp at the point where we first entered it. Being relieved at 4 p.m. to-day, the whole command rejoined the brigade at the present camp.

The conduct of officers and men was unexceptionably cool, spirited, and obedient. The formation under a stinging fire was rapid, yet orderly and accurate. The steadiness shown under and exposed to fire without the privilege of returning the same was worthy of all praise. The dashing drive along the heavily-obstructed roads and the muddy and tangled woods on either side, killing several of the enemy and offering him to time for successful resistance, was especially commendable.

The casualties were:*

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOHN TILLSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Tenth Illinois Volunteers.

Colonel R. F. SMITH,

Commanding First Demi-Brigade, &c.

No. 46 Report of Assistant Secretary of War Thomas A. Scott of engagement at Farmington, Miss., May 9.

NEAR FARMINGTON, May 9, 1862-10 p.m.

The enemy advanced from Corinth this morning in force, and have reoccupied the ground beyond Seven Mile Creek in front of our position. Our troops withdrawn, by order of General Halleck, to this side, to avoid general engagement to-day. They had about 30,000 men in front of this wing to-day. They rest them to-night, and I presume a heavy engagement will take place to-morrow. Our loss is about 30 killed and probably 50 wounded. Loss of the enemy pretty severe. It is now pretty clear that an overwhelming force will be massed at Corinth to crush this army. In my judgment, which I respectfully

---------------

*Nominal list shows 1 officer and 5 men wounded.

---------------

