
offer for your consideration, a heavy re-enforcement of infantry and artillery should be sent here immediately, or we shall soon be the party besieged, and that, too, in the heart of the enemy's country.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

No. 47 Reports of Major-General John Pope, U. S. Army, of engagement at Farmington, Miss., May 9, with return of casualties.

NEAR FARMINGTON, May 9, 1862.

[SIR: ] The enemy, 20,000 strong, drove in our pickets beyond Farmington and advanced against the brigade, occupying the farther side of the creek, in front of my camp. The brigade held on for five hours, until, finding them heavily pressed in front and on the flanks, and that I could not sustain them without passing the creek with my whole force, which was contrary to your orders and would have drawn on a general engagement, I withdrew them to this side in good order. The conduct of the troops was most excellent, and the withdrawal was made by them very reluctantly. The enemy made a demonstration to cross, but have abandoned the movement, as we cannot be dislodged unless our right is turned, of which there is constant danger while the intermorning is the proper one, I think, for Buell and myself, whenever you decide to have it occupied. I am ready and able to force my way to Farmington and the railroad.

Our loss was considerable,though I cannot yet tell how great. The enemy, being much exposed, suffered very severely, one of his batteries being completely disabled and his infantry line driven back several times. My command is eager for the advance. About 4 p.m. General Nelson arrived within a mile with his division, but has returned to his camp. My force is in line of battle and will be withdrawn at sunset.

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General.

Major-General HALLECK.

NEAR FARMINGTON, May 10, 1862.

[SIR: ] Deserter from Louisiana regiment in skirmish yesterday just arrived. Force was 35,000 under Bragg, Van Dorn, Hardee, and Price, with thirty pieces of artillery. Their purpose was to overwhelm my command and pursued to Tennessee River. We are supposed to number 10,000. Their loss was very heavy both in officers and men. Our loss I will report as soon as I can get returns. The country is clear to Farmington and beyond.

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General.

Major-General HALLECK.

