
and these two regiments retired in good order, the men cool and obedient. The new line was formed by the Forty-seventh Illinois and Eighth Wisconsin Volunteers. I recalled the Twenty-sixth Illinois Volunteers from their position in the swamp and formed them as directed by General Palmer. The Twenty-sixth Illinois Volunteers were now under a fire on right and rear, which they, from their position, could not reply to. General Palmer soon gave the order to retire again, and Lieutenant Lloyd was nearly captured by the rebels in conveying the order to the Twenty-sixth Illinois Volunteers. The Eleventh Missouri Volunteers had been recalled by Captain Temple Clark, assistant adjutant-general, after the main body had retired and the enemy had advanced, and just in time to save them from being cut off. General Palmer ordered a third line to be formed, but, on arriving at the ground designated, General Stanley ordered me to form the brigade in line of battle in front of its own camp, reserving the Eleventh Missouri Volunteers to protect a bridge on the main approach and some stores. The latter order was executed in good order, the Eleventh Missouri Volunteers arriving before dark.

Of the conduct of your officers and men I cannot speak in terms of too high praise. They were steady and cool at all times; perfectly under control. They deserve great credit.

Your staff officers-Captain Clark and Lieutenant Lloyd-behaved gallantly, as did Lieutenant Sprague. I particularly call to your notice the service rendered and the gallant conduct generally of Lieutenant Lloyd.

I desire also to mention Captain Fitz Gibbon, Company B, Fourteenth Michigan Volunteers, who at near the close of the fight reported to me for orders, his company in good order and under perfect control, saying he wished to fight as long as any troops fought. I ordered him to the rear to join his regiment. I consider him a gallant soldier.

I report with sorrow the following list of casualties.*

I take great pleasure in assuring you that there was not a skulker in your brigade, and I have no doubt that I could have held the first position occupied by the brigade if I had not been ordered to retire.

I inclose for your perusal the reports of commanding officers of regiments, Spoor's battery, and Major Jefferson, advance guard.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN MASON LOOMIS,

Colonel, Comdg. Twenty-sixth Regiment Illinois Volunteers.

Brig. General J. B. PLUMMER,

Comdg. Brigade, Second Division, Army of the Mississippi.

No. 49 Report of Major General Earl Van Dorn, C. S. Army, of engagement at Farmington, Miss., May 9.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,Camp Churchill Clark, May 10, 1862.

GENERAL: By order of General Beauregard I marched my corps in the evening of the 8th instant on the Danville road toward Farmington

---------------

*Nominal list omitted. The losses are tabulated on p. 805.

---------------

