
and formed line of battle with my left flank resting on the crest of the hill above the marshy bottom of the little creek in front of the intrenchments of Corinth, and my center on the Danville road, about a mile in advance of the crossing of that road with the Charleston Railroad. Price's division I held in reserve en echelon on the right. Time was lost in getting in position on account of obstructions in the road and because of the want of knowledge of tactics on the part of officers and troops. Night came on before the line was formed and the enemy retreated before I could attack him. My troops rested for the night on their arms.

Early next morning I moved my line of battle to the right, crossing the three roads leading to Farmington from the south, viz: The Danville, old Jacinto, and the Jacinto roads. In obedience to instructions then received from you, general, I moved to the attack of the enemy at Farmington. Your orders were executed. The enemy was driven from his positions in and about that village across the Seven Mile Creek; the bridge was burned and the troops returned to camp. Natural obstructions-swamps, thickets, ravines, &amp;c.-prevented my right flank from reaching the Hamburg road in time to cut off the enemy's retreat, although every effort was made to do so. The enemy were too expeditious in getting out of the way to give us an opportunity to do anything more then skirmish with him. I lost only 9 men killed and wounded. Several prisoners and a considerable number of arms and other property were taken.

I regret that I have to report that two gallant young officers of my staff-Major Edward Ingraham and Lieutenant Leftwich-were badly wounded while carrying orders to the troops. Major Ingraham died to-day, as gallant and noble a soldier as ever died for his country. It is the sacred cause for which he has already fought on several fields.

The troops of my command seemed well disposed for battle, and gave evidence of a determination to conquer the enemy, which I have no doubt they will do when the opportunity is given them. All the officers of my staff behaved gallantly, as did also the officers of the line who came under my personal observation.

I herewith inclose the list of killed and wounded.*

Respectfully, general, I am, your obedient servant,

EARL VAN DORN.

General BRAXTON BRAGG.

No. 50 Report of Brig. General Daniel Ruggles, C. S. Army, commanding division, of engagement at Farmington, Miss., May 9
HDQRS. RUGGLES' DIV., ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, Miss., May 16, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report for the information of the commanding general of the forces that, in obedience to instructions, my division marched on the morning of May 9 along the lower road leading to

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

