
Brig. General L. M. Walker, commanding the Third Brigade, speaks in high terms of the conduct of the Twentieth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, Colonel Reichard, and Thirty-seventh Regiment Mississippi Volunteers, Colonel Benton; also of Lieutenant-Colonel Gerard, commanding Thirteenth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, for making a gallant dash at the enemy with his regiment; also of Lieutenant Morgan, Thirty-seventh Mississippi Volunteers, who continued to lead his company, although wounded.

Colonel Fagan, commanding the Fourth Brigade, speaks in high terms of the bearing of the First Arkansas and Second Texas, composing his command, and a section of Captain Ketchum's battery, attached to his brigade.

Captain Hoxton, with two James rifled guns, temporarily attached to the First Brigade; Captain Hodgson, with a section of two guns of the Washington Artillery, also serving with the First Brigade; Captain Ducatel, with his Orleans Guards Battery of six guns, and Captain Robertson, with his battery of 12-pounder field guns, of Brigadier-General Trapier's division, serving temporarily under my orders, were all distinguished for their gallantry, as well as their men for their good conduct on the field.

I respectfully refer to the reports of commanders of brigades and to those of subordinate commanders for full details of the services promptly and gallantly rendered by the division I have the honor to command. The accompanying return of casualties will show that our loss in killed and wounded was by no means inconsiderable, amounting to 119. [Report No. 51.]

I am greatly indebted to Captain R. M. Hooe, assistant adjutant-general; Major F. C. Zacharie, Twenty-fifth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant H. H. Price and A. B. De Saulles, on special service, and Dr. Hereford, chief surgeon of division, who was indefatigable in the performance of his appropriate duties, for their services on the field.

I am also under obligations for services voluntarily rendered by Captain McMahan and also Captain Laster, late of Tennessee cavalry, during the engagement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General.

Major GEORGE G. GRANGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

