
Nothing can be said on this occasion in praise of the conduct of the Washington Artillery which would add to its well-earned reputation on a former and bloodier field. Suffice it to say were ever present in the right place at the right time, displaying that skill in the management of their pieces and the practice of their gunners which always wins fights as well as laurels.

To my personal staff-Captain W. G. Barth, assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant W. M. Davidson, aide-de-camp; Second Lieutenant John W. James, acting brigade ordnance officer; Captain Thaddeus Foster, brigade quartermaster, and Edward McDonald, acting brigade surgeon-I am indebted for their prompt and efficient assistance in their respective department. All my orders were promptly delivered and every assistance was rendered by each of them which the occasion demanded.

For instances of individual gallantry displayed upon the field by subalterns and men who deserve notice, I respectfully refer to the accompanying reports of regimental commanders, as well as for other details not specified in this report.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

PATTON ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain ROY MASON HOOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ruggles' Division.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

FLORIDA AND CONFEDERATE [GUARDS] BATTALION,

Camp near Corinth, Miss., May 11, 1862.

COLONEL: In obedience to instructions received on 9th instant from Brigadier-General Anderson, shortly after the retreat of the enemy from their position at and around Farmington, Miss., I selected two men from my company, and placing them under my immediate command in charge of the gin-house, located in the large field just back of the village, awaited the withdrawal of our infantry. As soon as they had all retired on their return to Corinth I set fire to the cotton stored in the gin-house and to three bales lying outside.

The estimated value of gin-house, machinery belonging thereto, cotton-gin, and corn-mill, quantity of baled and loose cotton, and name of owner thereof will be found in the statement I have the honor to present herewith.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. MACMURO,

Captain Company C.

Lieutenant. Colonel FRANKLIN H. CLACK.

[Subinclosure.]

Statement of estimated value of gin-house and machinery attached, gin and mill, amount of clean and unginned cotton, destroyed by fire [on the] afternoon of the 9th instant, near Farmington, Miss., by orders of Brigadier-General Anderson, commanding First Brigade:

Gin-house and machinery, valued at.......................... $400

Cotton-gin and corn-mill.................................... 300

Cotton unginned, supposed to be equal in quantity to

5 bales of clean cotton..................................... 225

Cotton baled (3 bales)...................................... 135

Mr. Dick Smith was reported as being the owner of the above-named

