
property. He is at present residing at or near Morris Mills, across the railroad, distant about 8 miles from Farmington and 4 miles from Corinth.

G. P. MACMURO,

Captain Company C.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

FLORIDA AND CONFEDERATE GUARDS BATTALION,

Camp near Corinth, Miss., May 10, 1862.

SIR: I beg leave to report that, in obedience to a special order received on the field on Friday last, I proceeded with Company B, of the battalion, to collect together and guard the overcoats, knapsacks, oil-cloths, blankets, &amp;c., left by the enemy in their retreat from beyond Farmington. I divided my company into four squads, each in charge of sergeant, and instructed them to search the woods in the line of retreat and to collect these articles as quickly as possible. I also detailed a guard to protect the large bulk of them near the old gin-house. But few of these articles had been collected by the details, when I received further orders direct from General P. Anderson to save the most valuable, such as blankets, &c., and to leave the remainder. I proceeded forthwith to execute the order, gathering about 150 blankets in one pile and a like number each of oil-cloths, knapsacks, overcoats, &c. These latter were set on fire and were burning rapidly when, an aide of General Bragg came up with a detail of wagons and ordered me to extinguish the fire, which was done at once. He then informed me that he had a sufficient detail of men to take charge of the articles, and relieved me from the further execution of your order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. BROWNE,

Lieutenant, Commanding Detail.

Lieutenant. Colonel FRANKLIN H. CLACK.

No. 53 Report of Colonel S. W. Fisk, Twenty-fifth Louisiana Infantry, of engagement at Farmington, Miss., May 9.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIFTH REGIMENT LOUISIANA VOLS.,May 10, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders,during yesterday's conflict near Farmington I placed my regiment in line on the right of the First Brigade, Ruggles' division, commanded by General Anderson, and afterward advanced. The enemy was speedily dislodged from the wood and valley in front. On arriving at the plain beyond he wood I found the enemy had retired beyond it to the second woods, in their flight leaving knapsacks and guns in considerable numbers, and also some of their wounded, and being now nearly a mile from the position of my regiment when its charge commenced. Having been in advance during the charge, I now reformed line and waited for orders and for the other regiments to overtake us and get into position. I was soon after ordered to report to Colonel Fagan, and nothing of any great importance subsequently occurred, as we [were] within an hour ordered to retire.

