
I have to report 2 killed and 27 wounded; among the latter Lieutenant Smith, of Company A, and Lieutenants McGowan and Caldwell, Company D.

I desire to call particular attention to the intrepid and noble conduct of the color-sergeant, Samuel A. Burns, of Company C. It would have a good effect upon the morale of the army if such young men as this, who for the first time under fire not only sustained themselves but encourage others, should be promoted and distinguished by the Government.

I am happy to say that officers and men of the regiment did their duty during the engagement.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. FISK,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers.

Captain W. G. BARTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 54 Report of Colonel D. J. Brown, Thirty-sixth Mississippi Infantry, of engagement at Farmington, Miss., May 9.
HDQRS. THIRTY-SIXTH REGIMENT MISSISSIPPI VOLS.,FIRST BRIGADE, FOURTH (RUGGLES') DIVISION,

----,--- --, 1862.

SIR: I herewith transmit to you the part taken by my regiment in the action on yesterday near Farmington:

My regiment was on the left of the Twenty-fifth Louisiana Regiment, Colonel Fisk, and on the right of the Florida Battalion, Lieutenant-Colonel Clack. Soon after passing Farmington my regiment was formed in line of battle as above indicated, the column marching in line in a southerly direction. On entering the second old field the enemy in the wood in front commenced a fire, and here two of my men fell; the enemy, however, gave way through the adjoining woods. We advanced rapidly, pursuing them, and in reaching an old field, in which was an old gin,the enemy made a bold and firm stand. We formed in line of battle near the fence, and here for some time we exchanged a heavy and murderous fire. Two of my men fell, one killed instantly, the other mortally wounded, together with two others. While the fire was the hottest some one unknown to me gave the order to fall back. I heard it distinctly, and many of those on my right and left believing the order to have been given by authority, as well as portions of my own command, a retreat was at once commenced by a portion of those on my right and left, as well as a portion of my own command. The field officers adjacent to me, as well as myself and field officers, used every exertion to stop the retreat, and soon had the command again in line of battle. When this demonstration was made the enemy made a precipitate retreat to the woods in front of us. We continued to follow the direction of their retreat, but never again came up with them. The troops under my command far [were] raw troops.

Total killed and wounded, 14.

Respectfully submitted.

D. J. BROWN,

Colonel, Comdg. Thirty-sixth Regiment Mississippi Vols.

Captain W. G. BARTH,

A. A. G., First Brigade, Fourth Division, C. S. Army.

52 R R-VOL X

