
No. 55 Report of Lieutenant. Colonel Franklin H. Clack, Florida and Confederate Guards Battalion, of engagement at Farmington, Miss., May 9.
HDQRS. FLORIDA AND CONFED. GUARDS BATTALION,Corinth, Miss., May 11, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 9th instant, i compliance with orders, at 8 a.m. I proceeded with my command, formed in close column by divisions, to the field on the left of the Farmington road, about half a mile beyond its intrechments. After waiting until about 9 a.m. I took up the line of march by the flank, right in front, on the left of the brigade, and proceeded to within a short distance of Farmington, when the column halted for about half an hour. The order was then order came to charge the enemy in a thicket to the left, where they were in considerable force as skirmishers. The advance was made by the right and left of the brigade, the center having fallen back for the moment. The charge through a galling fire was successful, and the enemy driven through the thicket and over the open ground beyond with spirit. On emerging to the open ground a body of cavalry advanced on us from the front, and being repulsed, retreated behind a gin-house on our left in the field, on which we fired, at the same time the artillery to the left opened fire. Our fire in both cases was destructive, as was evident by the running and empty saddles. Suddenly the cry came from the right that it was our own cavalry, and Colonel Fisk, of the Twenty-fifth Louisiana Volunteers, rode in the front and commanded the firing to cease, reiterating this order as that of my superior officer. General Anderson not being visible to me at the moment, and supposing he was on the right whence the order came, I caused my command to cease firing. I threw out skirmishers on the left, under command of my adjutant (Second Lieutenant Pollard), who performed the service efficiently, and succeeded in capturing and sending to the rear 3 prisoners, besides 4 of the wounded enemy, whom he caused to be transported to the hospital.

Meanwhile the Thirty-seventh Mississippi Volunteers coming up, took up its position on the left of the Twenty-fifth, and I maintained my place on their left.

At the point on the edge of the thicket opposite the gin-house we captured a large quantity of equipage and accouterments, consisting n the main [of] knapsacks, blankets, and overcoats. After formation, the order to advance was given, and I marched to the front about 100 yards into a dense thicket and there awaited orders, the brigade being posted, as I was informed, to support the Second Brigade of the division. After remaining in this position about half an hour I marched back to the original position in the field, and under orders returned to camp the same evening at 6 p.m.

I have to congratulate the battalion on its gallant bearing in the conflict, and to express my sincere thanks at being placed in command of officers and men who deport themselves with the gallantry of those who feel the full importance of the contest they wage.

I have the honor to inclose field reports of the 9th instant and list

