
of the killed and wounded; also list of weapons lost and by whom and of weapons captured and by whom.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANKLIN H. CLACK,

Lieutenant-Colonel Florida and Confederate Guards Battalion.

Captain W. G. BARTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 56 Report of Captain W. Irwing Hodson, Fifth Company Washington (Louisiana) Artillery, of engagement at Farmington, Miss., May 9.
HDQRS. FIFTH COMPANY, BATT. WASHINGTON ARTY.,Camp Anderson, near Corinth, Miss., May 10, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In reply to your circular, asking for my official report of the participation of my battery in the battle of Farmington, I beg leave to report as follows:

In obedience to circular preparing the troops for the field, sent previously, I had my battery in readiness and moved out to position behind the fortifications immediately in front of your brigade line on the evening of the 8th instant at about 3.30 o'clock, with four pieces of artillery, fully manned and equipped.

At 4 o'clock I received an order to forward one section of my battery to an open field about half a mile outside of the fortifications, on the Farmington and Danville road. I took position on a prominent knoll on the right and front of your brigade, opening fire with spherical case-shot from my howitzers and smooth-bore guns at intervals, firing whenever an opportunity offered itself or an enemy could be seen.

We ceased operations about dark, then one section of my battery was ordered inside the fortifications; the other section, under Lieutenant Vaught, was, by order of General Ruggles, detached from you and ordered to report to Brigadier-General Walker, with whom he remained on the field until next morning.

On the morning of the 9th instant, at about 8 o'clock, the left section of my battery having gone forward with your brigade, we soon joined the right section, now relieved from General Walker's command, and with our four guns followed your column in the rear.

At 11 a.m., at the instance of General Ruggles, I sent to the extreme front one section of artillery, under Lieutenant Vaught, who, after having been placed in a favorable position, opened fire upon the enemy's cavalry with spherical case-shot, scattering them in the wildest confusion.

About 12 o'clock, the other section being brought into position, we continued to follow the fast-retreating column of the enemy, every now and then wheeling into battery and pouring a few rounds into them in order to facilitate them in their movements.

At 3 o'clock, having received orders to withdraw from the chase and return to camp, we left the field, bringing with us a number of the enemy's spades, shovels, pickaxes, &amp;c.; also several hundred feet of telegraph wire, which has been turned over to your brigade quartermaster.

