
We fired 80 rounds of ammunition in the two days, mostly spherical case-shot; our casualties being only one man, Private George W. Crawford, severely, though not dangerously, wounded by a Minie ball through the right wrist; also one horse died last night from fatigue.

In closing this report I will again call your attention to the gallant and daring conduct of Lieutenants Vaught and Chalaron. They, as usual, acquitted themselves with honor to their command and the noble State that sent them hither to fight their country's battles. The rank and file also acquitted themselves as became men of nerve and as members of the Washington Artillery.

I have the honor to be, yours, very truly,

W. IRVING HODGSON,

Captain.

Captain W. G. BARTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-I would add that the firing of guns on the evening of the 8th, for some four hours, as skirmishers and sharpshooters, often firing at a single man and with good effect, was something very unusual in artillery warfare.

Very respectfully,

W. I. H.

No. 57 Report of Major D. Gober, Sixteenth Louisiana Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of engagement at Farmington, Miss., May 9.
HDQRS. 2nd BRIG., RUGGLES' DIV., ARMY OF THE MISS.,Corinth, Miss., May 10, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you the part taken by this brigade in the engagement of the 9th instant, at Farmington:

Soon after reaching the deserted village of Farmington I was ordered by one of General Ruggles staff officers-Captain R. M. Hooe-to develop the line of battle rapidly along the road through the village to the left of the First Brigade. Almost immediately after getting into line I was ordered forward to engage the enemy, a few of whose scouts were to be seen on the hill some half a mile beyond,near the Seven Mile Creek. After passing nearly through the fields toward the thick woods beyond I halted the brigade and ordered a section of Ducatel's battery forward to an eminence commanding the enemy's position, and directed its fire (canister) on their cavalry scouts, some 30 or 40 of whom were then within full view and range, and scattered them. I then ordered forward sharpshooters to take possession of the woods, but found that the enemy's skirmishers had already occupied the position and were pouring a destructive fire into our ranks, causing the line to give way, but I soon rallied it and moved forward, driving the enemy before us through the woods into an old field beyond, where they rallied for a short time. A section of Robertson's battery here took a position to our left and opened fire upon the enemy, and it being without support, I took to its relief the Eighteenth Louisiana Regiment, then with the Eleventh and Sixteenth Louisiana, the First Brigade being on our left, drove the enemy from his position in confusion into the woods and pursued him

