
throwing out skirmishers in a direction to the right. The ravine which I was ordered to follow led to the left, and after following it about 50 yards the head of the column found itself in ambuscade, and after the exchange of a few shots was compelled to retire. After forming line, by orders marched by the flank into the wood, and filing to the left debouched into an open field, where I was ordered to support a battery. In a half hour marched again and reached the Seven Mile Creek Bottom, when I received orders to retire to Farmington and return to camp, which last I reached about 7 p.m.

My loss in this engagement was 1 killed and 14 wounded. Most of the wounds were slight.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CAMILLE MIRE,

Captain, Commanding Eighteenth Regiment Louisiana Vols.

Captain ROY MASON HOOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 60. Report of Captain Henry Ducatel, Orleans Guards Battery,of engagement at Farmington, Miss., May 9.

CORINTH, MISS., May 10, 1862.

The Orleans Guards Battery left the camp on Friday, May 9, at 5 a.m., with three sections of light artillery, composed, viz: First section, Lieutenant T. Liveaudais, 2 6-pounder guns, 6 non-commissioned officers, 19 cannoneers, and 8 drivers; second section, Lieutenant G. Legardeur, 2 12-pounder howitzer, 5 non-commissioned officers, 16 cannoneers, and 8 drivers; third section, Lieutenant M. A. Calongue, 2 6-pounder guns, 4 non-commissioned officers, 18 cannoneers, 8 drivers. We had 2 horses killed and 2 wounded. Our men [one man], Corp. (Acting Sergeant) Frank Duplesier, slightly wounded.

[The] first section, attached to Brigadier-General Walker's brigade, commenced firing at 11 o'clock half a mile from Farmington. After repulsing the enemy, changed four times position with success. [The] second and third sections, attached to the Second Brigade, Major Gober commanding, was ordered to take position in advance of Farmington, and after a firing of an hour and a half succeeded in repulsing the enemy from a thick wood under a very heavy firing of musketry.

Balance of men all well.

I remain, sir, your humble servant,

HENRY DUCATEL,

Captain Orleans Guards Battery.

No. 61. Report of Brig. General L. M. Walker, C. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of engagement at Farmington, Miss., May 9.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, RUGGLES' DIVISION,Near Corinth, Miss., May 14, 1862.

GENERAL: In obedience to your order I have the honor to submit for your consideration the following report of the part taken in the battle

