
of the 9th instant by the brigade under my command, composed of the Thirteenth and Twentieth Regiments Louisiana Volunteers and the Thirty-seventh Mississippi:

About 9 a.m. on the 9th instant I was ordered to move forward from the position at the bridge on the lower Farmington road, occupied by my command. I immediately threw out skirmishers of infantry and cavalry sufficient to cover my entire front and flanks, and advanced in line of battle on the road leading to Farmington. When we had advanced to within three-fourths of a mile of Farmington we discovered straggling portions of the enemy in a skirt of woods half a mile to our right retreating rapidly toward Farmington. Continuing to advance, I discovered, when within a fourth of a mile of the town, a company of cavalry retreating from it. By your orders I halted my command and under orders, marched forward to the town, keeping my skirmishers well forward, supported by my infantry in line of battle.

When we reached the town I was ordered by yourself to change my line so that my right would rest at the proper distance from what was supposed to be General Hardee's left. I was then ordered to advance, and encountered the enemy, who were concealed in a skirt of woods immediately in our front, driving them from the woods and across an open field some 300 yards wide to another skirt of woods thickly covered with undergrowth. As we advanced on this second skirt of woods were met with heavy firing from the enemy in them as well as from a party hid under the brow of a hill some 200 yards to our right. We continued to advance on the woods, when we encountered the enemy, and after a hard fight drove them from the woods, keeping up a brisk fire on them until they had gained the cover of a third skirt of woods. Immediately on emerging from the second skirt of woods I formed my command in line of battle and advanced to the third skirt, into which we entered and proceeded about three-quarters of a mile, when we came to an open field. Finding myself unsupported on my right or left, I dispatched my aide-de-camp back for further orders, and was ordered to return, which I did. I saw nothing of the enemy after they had entered the third skirt of woods.

My command was all the time in the advance, and behaved with great gallantry, always preserving their line of battle when pressing forward after the enemy, shooting at them as long as one of them remained in sight. We took 4 prisoners in the last skirt of woods, which were properly handed over.

I will specially mention Lieutenant-Colonel Gerard, commanding Thirteenth Louisiana Regiment, for a gallant dash at the enemy with his regiment. Also Lieutenant Morgan, Thirty-seventh Mississippi, leading his company well.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

L. M. WALKER,

Brig. Gen., Commanding Third Brigade, Ruggles' Division.

Brigadier-General RUGGLES,

Commanding Division.

