
No. 62. Report of Lieutenant. Colonel A. Gerard, Thirteenth Louisiana Infantry, of engagement at Farmington, Miss., May 9.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH REGIMENT LA. VOLS., C. S. A.,Corinth, Miss., May 11, 1862.

CAPTAIN: Herewith I have the honor to transmit to you the account of the proceedings of this regiment immediately preceding and during the engagement at Farmington, Miss., on May 9:

On Thursday, May 8, having received order from General Walker about 2 p.m. to have the regiment formed and to move to our position in the trenches, I gave orders to have the left wing of the regiment, which was then on fatigue duty at the trenches, recalled and to form the regiment. The first company which was formed (Company C) was sent at double-quick step to support the battery which is behind our position at the trenches. The rest of the right wing was also sent immediately on its formation to our position. The left wing, which had been on fatigue duty at the trenches all day, could not be recalled, formed, and sent up until about a half an hour afterward. While awaiting the arrival of the brigadier-general I threw out as skirmishers in front of the fortifications Companies I and C.

The first order of the general on his arrival was to form in line of battle and advance over the fortifications. I ordered the right wing to move by the right flank and file left and the left wing to move by the left flank and file right, owing to the difficulties of the ground, when, arriving at their indicated place, the wings joined rapidly, dressing on the center. A lively cannonade was heard on our left, in the direction of the Farmington road. We received the order to march in that direction and to remain behind the Twentieth Louisiana Regiment at brigade distance, marching in the woods which skirted this side of the field in front of our works. Immediately afterward we received the order I threw out Company A as skirmishers on the right and in front of the regiment, the left being protected by the Twentieth Louisiana and the other regiments of the brigade.

Between 8 and 9 p.m the regiment followed the brigade and took position on the right and in front of the house, from near which our artillery had fired in the afternoon. The left wing was then, by order of General Walker, thrown forward as skirmishers, to cover the front of our brigade. After a few moments, the brigade changing direction to the right, our skirmishers were left on the left and rear. I then deployed forward the right wing, while I rallied and reformed the left wing. I then reformed the regiment, except four companies from the left wing, which were deployed forward so as to cover the brigade front. The six remaining companies were formed in line of battle and occupied the extreme right of the brigade. The night was passed quietly, we only hearing at a long distance off a noise like that of wagons passing over bridges; this noise lasted during the whole night.

At 3 a.m. Friday we resumed the position occupied the evening before in front of the fortifications, where we remained until about 6 a.m. I took advantage of this delay to have some of the men get their coffee, but the order to move, which was received between 5 and 6 a.m., prevented the distribution from being general. The brigade moved forward, arriving near a bridge on the Farmington road. Company H was thrown out as a picket on the right of the road and distant

