
from the road about 200 yards. Two companies were left to guard the bridge, two were placed on the right, and two on the left of the bridge, and three in front of the bridge. The companies on the right and left were left as the reserve for the skirmishers.

About 9.30 a.m. the whole of General Ruggles' division arrived, when all the brigade, except our regiment, moved to the front. A half an hour afterward I received orders to reform the regiment and take my position in line of battle. On reaching the position occupied by the Orleans Guards Battery I received order to deploy forward four companies as skirmishers and to examine of this order was completed the skirmishers were ordered back to the regiment, and General Ruggles had some shots fired by the cannon. It was then 11 o'clock. At this time Captain Dubroca, Company C, and Lieutenant Stuart, Company K, took a prisoner, who was hid under the house in which was the telegraph office of the enemy. Four of our companies were then again thrown forward as skirmishers on the extreme right of our brigade, which had become the extreme right of the whole division. The division was formed in column by regiments, and I drew in my skirmishers; and the regiment moved with the brigade about 300 or 400 paces forward, when we were halted, and at 12.40 p.m General Bragg arrived by the same route we had come. He was enthusiastically welcomed by the troops. Ten minutes afterward General Van Dorn arrived on our right. A quarter of an hour afterward we received orders to again form in line of battle and march against the enemy, who was in front and on our right. I deployed Company D as skirmishers answered vigorously, and the brigade advanced in good order and crossed a field without experiencing any loss that I am aware of. On reaching the second belt of woods our skirmishers met so vigorous a fire that they were compelled to fall back and rejoin the regiment. There was a momentary hesitation in the brigade. General Walker gave the order to move forward. The regiment advanced at a double-quick step, passing the other regiments about 100 yards. At this moment I received a ball in the high, which prevented me from remaining mounted, and obliged me to transfer the command to Captain Dubroca, Company C, the ranking captain present.

A. GERARD,

Lieutenant. Col., Comdg. Thirteenth Regiment Louisiana Vols.

No. 63. Report of Captain E. M. Dubroca, Thirteenth Louisiana Infantry, of engagement at Farmington, Miss., May 9.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH REGIMENT LOUISIANA VOLS.,Corinth, Miss., May 11, 1862.

DEAR SIR: On the 9th ultimo, at 2.30 p.m., Lieutenant. Colonel A. Gerard, commanding the Thirteenth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, sent me word that he was wounded, and that I must assume command of the regiment, being the senior officer present. We were then on the edge of a strip of woods, on the other side of which we expected to see the main body of the enemy. I had but four companies of the regiment

