
with me then, the left wing having been left in our rear and kept in reserve by Lieutenant-Colonel Gerard, and the company of the right wing having been sent forward to act as skirmishers. These four companies were drawn up in line of battle behind a fence, which was distant about 25 paces in front of this strip of woods. In this position wostood for a short time a heavy fire from the enemy, which we returned briskly; and although our casualties were but a few wounded, yet finding that we were totally unsupported on our left, my command fell back to the woods above mentioned.

I soon rallied them and formed then again into line of battle behind the fence from which they had a few minutes previously retreated; but then the enemy had already fled. Leaving this last position I brought the regiment over to the right of the Mississippi regiment, and finding our left wing there, I formed the nine companies in line, and receiving orders to do so, I marched the regiment by the front through an open field to an almost impassable swamp. The ground there was so unpropitious to the movement of troops that I found it impossible to preserve the line, but had not to reform it as soon as we had emerged from the woods. Noticing then a command falling back toward the marsh we had just left in our rear, and believing it to be the Mississippi regiment on our left, I inquired of one of your aides-de-camp whether it was withdrawing in obedience to your orders or not. He told me in answer that it did not belong to our brigade. Seeing then none of your command either on my right or left, I told your aide that I would halt my men until I could hear from you.

After resting my men for about half an hour he informed me that he had been unable to find you, but that he believed that all the balance of the troops were falling back. I then thought proper to withdraw from the woods, and not seeing you, I reported for orders to General Cabell, commanding the Texas Brigade. This general told me to form on the left of his brigade. We then marched to the open field where all the troops were gathering, and from thence, rejoining your brigade, we marched back to Corinth.

All of which I respectfully submit.

E. M. DUBROCA,

Captain, Comdg. Thirteenth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers.

General L. M. WALKER,

Commanding Third Brigade, Ruggles' Division.

No. 64. Report of Colonel August Reichard, Twentieth Louisiana Infantry, of engagement at Farmington, Miss., May 9.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH LOUISIANA VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Corinth, Miss., May 16, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I beg leave to submit the following report respecting the participation of my regiment, composed of 2 field officers, 4 staff officers, 15 company officers, and 268 rank and file, in the battle of Farmington:

At about 9 a.m. my regiment found itself in line of battle near the bridge on the first important creek intersecting the Farmington road, supporting two pieces of Washington Artillery. I next moved to the

