
provided with canteens, they bore this with patience and fortitude, [and] the heat and fatigue of the day's march often through thick woods, over fences, ditches, and other obstructions. When advancing under fire their eagerness was such as to require instead of urging forward.

Lieutenant-Colonel Wright rendered efficient service throughout the day, and putting himself in front of the lines, aided me with fearless coolness in leading the charge when the order for it was given.

The captains and other company officers were at their posts and promptly did their duty, leaving little ground for commending one above the other. I may, however, appropriately particularize the gallantry of First Lieutenant John H. Morgan, coming as it did immediately under my own eye. An officer of the second company on the right, he was in the most exposed position, both as commander of a skirmishing party and in aiding in the directing of the company after the former had joined it. Although he received a painful wound he halted not, but kept in advance, cheering on his men, more eager than before to meet the enemy and return their fire.

Neither ought I to omit mentioning Privates Clifton Domey and Howard Folmer, of Company F, and forming part of the platoon of skirmishers, both of whom pushed forward when shots left them barely untouched.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL BENTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. G. BARTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 66. Report of Colonel James F. Fagan, First Arkansas Infantry, commanding Fourth Brigade, of engagement at Farmington, Miss., May 9.

HDQRS. FOURTH BRIGADE, RUGGLES' DIVISION, May 11, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I beg leave to submit the following brief report of the part taken by the brigade (Fourth) under my command in the engagement of the 9th instant:

On the night previous two regiments of infantry in the brigade (First Arkansas and Second Texas) slept upon their arms in the trenches; the Thirty-eighth Tennessee came in late from outpost duty and were permitted to go to their tents until 3 o'clock next morning.

At the hour of 3 o'clock all three of the regiments paraded under arms at the intrechments, where they remained until ordered, two or three hours later, to their respective camps. Only a short time elapsed after reaching camp before orders were received from the general commanding for an advance. I left the intrechments by the Farmington road with two regiments of infantry, the First Arkansas and Second Texas (the Thirty-eighth Tennessee being left, as per orders, in the trenches), and one section of Ketchum's battery, commanded by Captain Ketchum himself, the rest of his battery being on the Monterey road. We marched by the flank along the Farmington road for 3 or 4 miles, the Fourth Brigade being in the rear of the First, Second and Third Brigade of the division. After going 3 or 4 miles the order of

