
marching was changed from by the flank to column by platoons. In this order we continued to march, the section of artillery between the two regiments of infantry, until we reached an old field that was near and overlooked the houses of Farmington. Here the brigade was drawn up in line of battle. Firing was going on at this time (principally, it seemed, artillery) in front and a little to the right.

It was not long before orders were received to advance, which was done rapidly, the brigade next forming line of battle beyond the town of Farmington and along the road-side. Captain Ketchum's battery, taking position on an eminence to the left of the brigade, opened fire upon the enemy. After forming here in line of battle we marched directly to the front without breaking line at all; in good order marched rapidly forward, firing upon and receiving the fires of the enemy until it became apparent that we were getting in advance. Skirmishers were then thrown out to the right and left and the brigade pushed rapidly on without delay. The consequence was that the enemy were driven hurriedly before us from one point to another until we reached a morass or swamp, which prevented farther pursuit. At this point, by order, the troops were withdrawn, and returned in good order and high spirits to camp.

Captain Ketchum did good execution, rapidly shifting his position as circumstances required, and pouring a continuous fire into the retreating ranks of the enemy.

The Second Texas, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, behaved well, officers and men keeping at all times in good order, though marching rapidly and under fire.

The First Arkansas Regiment, commanded on that occasion by Captain William A. Crawford, did its whole duty.

The casualties are as follows: Killed, 2; wounded, 6; total, 8.

Prisoners taken-a lieutenant, a sergeant, and 3 privates, by First Arkansas Regiment.

Of arms taken our lost the reports show none.

The above meager account, captain, is respectfully submitted.

JAS. F. FAGAN,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Brigade, Ruggles' Division.

Captain ROY MASON HOOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 67. Report of Captain L. Hoxton, Tennessee Battery, of engagement at Farmington, Miss., May 9.

CORINTH, MISS., May 12, 1862.

SIR: In accordance with orders I submit the following report [of the part] which the right section of my battery took in the battle of Farmington, on Friday, May 9:

I received orders at 7 a.m. to harness up my right section and report to General Ruggles, who I found, as you remember, about a mile and a half from the breastworks on the Farmington road. He ordered me to bring up my section, which had been left in an open field about a quarter of a mile from the breastworks. On returning with it Captain W. O. Williams, from whom I received my first orders, met me, stating

