
that the general was not to be found, and gave me orders to act in conjunction with Captain Ketchum's section of artillery, to be supported by Colonel Fagan's brigade. I moved forward and had reached the outskirts of Farmington, when I was ordered by General Ruggles to join General Anderson's brigade. The latter officer pointed out the center of his command as my position. I moved with him some distance, when I was ordered up to open fire, and was about taking position on a piece of rising ground, when some of the enemy's sharpshooters, posted in a copse of woods about 200 yards distant, opened upon me, disabling 4 of my horses and wounding 1 man, a horse having been disabled before I unlimbered for action. A battery on my right opened with canister upon the enemy's shelter, which, with the charge of a regiment on my left (the Second Texas, I believe), dislodged him.

You informed me a few minutes afterward that by posting my pieces a little farther to the right I could fire with effect. I did so giving my pieces about 6 degrees' elevation. I could not ascertain the effect of my shot, as I was firing at long range and under a supposition as to the enemy's position. I was soon after ordered forward into an open field beyond the copse from which the enemy had been driven. I opened fire again and for the last time, when after firing a few rounds I was ordered to move forward. After advancing about 600 yards I was halted by General Ruggles; remained here in order on line for about half an hour, when the army commenced retiring, and the general directed me to take up the line of march with his division. My battery consisted of four pieces-three rifled 6-pounders and one rifled 12-pounder (James pattern). The left section had been placed in position on the evening of the 8th on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, about 1 mile from Corinth.

Very respectfully,

L. HOXTON,

Comdg. Light Battery, Third Corps, Army of the Mississippi.

Lieutenant ROY MASON HOOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ruggles' Division.

No. 68. Report of Colonel Edward M. McCook, Second Indiana Cavalry, of skirmish near Corinth, Miss., May 9.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND INDIANA CAVALRY, May 10, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of copy of communication of this date, addressed to you by Colonel Fry and referred to me for explanation.*

In response I would respectfully state that two companies of my regiment were on duty yesterday with General McCook, the right of their vedettes stationed on this side of the glade, where the engineers were at work, the chain extending to the left until it connected with General Pope's pickets.

None of my men crossed to where the firing took place until I came up, except Sergeant Tucker; he went over and brought to this side on

---------------

*Following.

---------------

