
ordered me to station vedettes to connect with those of General McCook, and extend across to the Purdy road. Accordingly I immediately took Company F and went back across the swale to the north side of that open field, and there stationed them as vedettes in the edge of the woods, where they could view the field, and extended them across to the Purdy road,which position I held till regularly relieved to-day, the 10th instant. This skirmish occurred between 10.30 and 11.30 o'clock of the 9th instant. The enemy did not advance farther than the edge of the woods on the south side of the field, where they remained a short time, and then fell back to their old position.

The casualties were 1 man of Company L slightly wounded. All the officers and men of the command behaved with uncommon coolness and bravery, executing and obeying every order given with promptness and good order.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

J. W. PARAMORE,

Major Third Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

Colonel L. ZAHM.

No. 72. Findings of a Court of Inquiry relative to skirmish near Corinth, Miss., May 9.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,

No. 16. In Camp, May 16, 1862.

I. Proceedings of a court of inquiry, convened at camp, 6 miles from Corinth, Miss., May 13, 1862, pursuant to Special Orders, No. 48, from these Headquarters, dated May 12, 1862.

The court examined into the behavior of certain detachments of engineers,cavalry, and infantry of this army, who were engaged in or connected with a skirmish which took place in front of McCook's and Wood's divisions on the 9th instant.

The court finds as follows, viz:

That on the 9th of the present month our line of outposts in front of General McCook's division were assailed by the enemy to the number of about 250 infantry, and that our forces yielded the ground to the distance of about 300 yards, without adequate resistance; our forces in all numbering about 300 men. A detachment of Engineers and Mechanics, under Colonel Innes, on the right; two squadrons of the Third Ohio Cavalry in the center, one commanded by Major Foster, the other by Major Paramore; and a detachment of 100 infantry, Seventh-seventh Pennsylvania and Twenty-ninth Indiana, on the left; Captain Rose, of the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania, commanding. While our line of skirmishers were falling back before the enemy, Major Foster, the senior officer of cavalry, was dismounting some of his men to continue the fight on foot. At this juncture Major Paramore, of the same regiment, and a junior officer, faced his squadron about and moved his command to the rear, notwithstanding the strong remonstrances of Major Foster. The action of Major Foster was calculated to strengthen our line, but it was neutralized by the conduct of Major Paramore, whose behavior on this occasion should receive further notice.

The Engineers and Mechanics, under Colonel Innes, did not come within the limits of effective fire, and the court finds nothing to censure in their conduct.

