
many traces were on the ground and in the houses. Among their dead was 1 captain and 2 lieutenants. We took only 1 prisoners, whom I send to the provost-marshall.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Captain GEORGE E. FLYNT,

A. A. G., Chief of General Thomas' Staff.

No. 75. Report of Colonel Morgan L. Smith, Eighth Missouri Infantry, commanding Brigade, of action at Russell's house, near Corinth, Miss., May 17.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, FIFTH DIVISION,Camp before Corinth, May 19, 1862.

MAJOR:I have the honor to report that, in obedience to the order of the commanding general and under his directions, the First Brigade moved at 3 o'clock to take and occupy a position at Russell's house. It was held by a brigade of Mississippi troops, very well commanded. I, in common with others, repeatedly heard some of the officers entreating and ordering their men to hold their ground and not run from the damned Yankees.

The plan of attack succeeded admirably. I halted the brigade behind the bridge, which is about three-quarters of a mile from Russell's, and deployed one company of the Eighth Missouri on each side of the road, with orders to advance briskly from tree to tree. As these two companies advanced they were fired on from both flanks as well as in front, and companies were sent to deploy to extend the line until eight companies of the Eighth Missouri and two companies of the Fifty-fifth Illinois were deployed. As soon as a favorable position for a battery was gained the one your ordered forward contributed to your success. The enemy retired sullenly, obstinately contesting the ground. They left 13 dead on the field, including 1 captain, 2 lieutenants, and were seen to carry away many wounded. There were picket up 14 entirely new rifles, with the Tower stamp, 1861. Some of them, it was found upon critical examination, although loaded, had never been fired, and a wounded man, who afterward died, said they received them from the boxes tow days before, returning at the same time their old ones; also one stretcher for carrying wounded, very much stained with blood. Too much praise cannot be awarded to the officers and men of the Eighth Missouri Volunteers and Fifty-fifth Illinois Volunteers for the manner in which they executed your orders. Colonel Stuart, of the Fifty-fifth Illinois, and Lieutenant Colonel James Peckham, of the Eighth Missouri Volunteers, were active and efficient, and deserve honorable mention.

Accompanying this please find list of killed and wounded. The Fifty-fourth Ohio, Colonel T. K. Smith, and Fifty-seventh Ohio, Lieutenant Colonel A. V. Rice, were held in good order, obeyed all orders with alacrity, and were disappointed because they could not become hotly engaged.

Your obedient servant,

MORGAN L. SMITH,

Colonel, Eighth Missouri Vols., Comdg. First Brig., Fifth Div.

Major J. H. HAMMOND,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Fifth Division, Army of the Tennessee.

