
Lieutenant-Colonel Spencer and Major Hurd, of the Second Kentucky Regiment, although not brought immediately into the action, behaved in the most gallant manner, and were but too anxious to take a part in the fray.

Captain McCalla, commanding the Thirty-first Indiana Regiment, and the gallant regiment under his command, behaved in the most soldierly manner, obeying all orders and moving promptly to any part of the field when ordered.

For the names of the other officers of the brigade who distinguished themselves I refer you to the regimental reports, herewith forwarded.

Below you will find a list* of the killed and wounded in the brigade. As to the loss of the enemy we have no accurate information, but we afterward found in the immediate vicinity some 35 newly-made graves, and from the evidence of prisoners since taken their loss in killed and wounded far exceed that number.

T. D. SEDGEWICK,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. M. KENDRICK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 78. Report of Major Frank P. Cahill, First Kentucky Infantry, of skirmish at Widow Serratt's, near Corinth, Miss., May 21.
HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT KENTUCKY VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Iuka, Miss., June 20, 1862.

GENERAL: In compliance with your request I have the honor to transmit the following report of the skirmish in which this regiment was engaged before Corinth on the 21th ultimo:

On the morning of that day, being in command of the regiment, I was ordered to the intrenchments in front of our lines, when, on arriving, I was directed to stack arms and await further orders. Shortly afterward the regiment was ordered to march to the right and take up a position near Russell's house, within General Wood's lines, and there await the arrival of the other regiments composing the Twenty-second Brigade, to wit, the Second Kentucky, the Thirty-first Indiana, and Twentieth Kentucky. On the arrival of the regiments Colonel Sedgewick took command of the brigade, and ordered us forward to the front of Wood's division. Having reached the advance line of Wood's pickets, I was ordered to send forward two companies from the right and two from the left as skirmishers. Captain Wheeler, of Company A, was placed in command of the companies on the right, and Captain Hadlock, of Company B, in charge of those on the left. At the same time, and on my own responsibility, I sent Company H, under Captain Williamson, to the left, with orders to prevent the enemy from getting in our rear when we advanced. I then moved forward with the remaining hotly engaged with the enemy. We had not advanced more than a hundred yards when heavy firing on our left announced that Company H was already performing the labor assigned it. Indeed, the result which I anticipated occurred. The enemy, seeing us advance,

---------------

*Nominal list omitted shows 3 officers and 23 men wounded.

---------------

