
made a desperate effort to turn our left, but were unexpectedly met by Captain Williamson's company and repelled with much loss. I regret to say that our own men suffered considerably in wounded; fortunately none were killed.

Meantime, the firing in front becoming heavier and more rapid, I sent forward two more companies as skirmishers, and moved forward with the remaining companies in support. The enemy, who had up to this time obstinately contested his ground, now began to give way rapidly before the galling fire of our men, who followed him with great spirit and vigor until they were ordered to halt by the brigade commander. The engagement lasted over two hours, but we occupied the ground we gained (nearly three-quarters of a mile) till relieved at sunset, having 1 man killed and 13 wounded.

It gives me much pleasure to add that both officers and men behaved with spirit, coolness, and courage, and deserve the highest commendation.

I have the honor to remain, general, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. CAHILL,

Major, First Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Infantry.

Brigadier-General MANSON,

Comdg. Twenty-second Brig., Fourth Div., Army of the Ohio.

No. 79. Report of Lieutenant. Colonel Warner Spencer, Second Kentucky Infantry, of skirmish at Widow Serratt's, near Corinth, Miss., May 21.

CAMP NEAR CORINTH, MISS., May 23, 1862.

SIR: Agreeably to your orders, on the morning of the 21st instant the Second Kentucky Regiment, with the balance of your brigade, was ordered out-to reconnoiter in front of General Wood's division. My regiment, for the twenty-four hours previous having been in the intrenchments on duty, was this day held in reserve.

During the engagement of the skirmishers the Second Kentucky was posted in an open field to the right of the road, the wing in advance, supporting Colonel Hanson's regiment; the right about 300 yards to the rear, supporting Captain Loder's battery. Although the regiment was not fortunate enough to take part in the engagement, it was still our misfortune to meet with some severe casualties. Lieutenant Beinert, of Company K, receiving a severe wound from a spent ball; Corporal Kleimenger, mortally (since dead); Corporal Haman and Private Krock, both seriously, all of Company C, were wounded by the premature discharge of a shell from our cannon.

Yours, respectfully,

WARNER SPENCER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Second Kentucky Regiment.

Colonel T. D. SEDGEWICK,

Commanding Twenty-second Brigade.

