
No. 80. Report of Major-General John Pope, U. S. Army, of operations May 28.

FARMINGTON, May 28, 1862.

The result of our operations to-day was the occupation of the line I suggested in my communication through General Hamilton last night. Along this line I an now strongly intrenched,and can hold my ground. I am throwing up a battery to-night of 20-pounder Parrotts within 500 yards of the work which annoyed us to-day, and will open from it at daylight. I have also ordered a reconnaissance in force at daylight to the right and rear of the work toward the railroad. The enemy left 30 dead on the ground, whom we have buried, many wounded now in our hospitals, and 3 officers and 19 men prisoners. Our loss is about 25 killed and wounded.

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General.

Major-General HALLECK.

No. 81. Report of Colonel Thomas D. Sedgewick, Second Kentucky Infantry, commanding Twenty-second Brigade, of operations May 28.

HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-SECOND BRIGADE, June 15, 1862.

SIR: I herewith have the honor to submit a report of the action of the Twenty-second Brigade, of the Fourth Division, before Corinth, Miss., May 28:

In compliance with orders from General Nelson, at 8.30 a.m. on the morning of the 28th I moved my brigade forward to the advance of the division. Having gained a point some three-fourths of a mile in advance of our intrenchments, I disposed of my command in the following order: The Second Kentucky Regiment, under Lieutenant-Colonel Spencer, and the Twentieth Kentucky, under Lieutenant-Colonel Hanson, in line of battle, formed the first line; the First Kentucky, under Major Cahill, formed in line 70 yards in rear and opposite the interval between the two regiments of the first line, and the Thirty-first Indiana Regiment, under Lieutenant-Colonel Osborn, 100 yards in rear of the second line, formed in double column at half distance. Throwing forward two companies from each regiment as skirmishers, the whole under Lieutenant-Colonel Carey, the order to advance was given. They had proceeded scarcely 50 yards before they were opened upon by the enemy's pickets, who were posted in a thicket upon our left and in a dense woods and swamp in front of our right. Our skirmishers advanced slowly, driving the enemy before them, those on the right gaining the thicket in which the enemy were posted and through which a small road led directly to the bridge across Bridge Creek. This point was of the utmost importance to the enemy, and was held by him with great tenacity. The two companies from the Twentieth Kentucky, under Major Buckner, and Company B, of the Second Kentucky, under Captain Baldwin, here engaged the enemy, who were in much larger force, and

