
of the First Kentucky, deserve the greatest praise for the manner in which they handled the skirmishers.

Captain Baldwin, commanding Company B, Second Kentucky Regiment, with his company, behaved heroically during the entire day. Being the first to arrive at the bridge, he, with two companies, manfully held it against great odds until he was re-enforced. To his efforts I am indebted for the holding of that position during the forenoon of that day.

Below you will find a list of killed and wounded in my brigade.* The loss of the enemy I cannot accurately state, but have been informed by prisoners and reliable persons in Corinth that they lost between 70 and 80 in killed alone.

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

T. D. SEDGEWICK,

Colonel, Commanding Twenty-second Brigade.

Captain J. M. KENDRICK.

No. 82. Report of Major Frank P. Cahill, First Kentucky Infantry, of operations May 28.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST KENTUCKY VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Iuka, Miss., June 21, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on the 28th ultimo, while I was in command, this regiment was ordered to advance toward Corinth. Throwing out two companies as skirmishers, we drove back the enemy's pickets and occupied the wood fully half a mile in advance of any position hitherto held by the national forces. This position we held during the day, and at night we threw up breastworks and constructed rifle along our front. Our loss was 1 man killed. The enemy suffered considerably.

The same gallant conduct which so distinguished our officers and men on the twenty-first was conspicuously displayed here, and is in every way worthy of commendation. I append the name of the man killed in this affair.

I have the honor to remain, general, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. CAHILL,

Major, First Regiment Kentucky Volunteers.

Brigadier-General MANSON,

Comdg. Twenty-second Brig., Fourth Div., Army of the Ohio.

No. 83. Report of Lieutenant. Colonel Warner Spencer, Second Kentucky Infantry, of operations May 28.

CAMP NEAR BRIDGE CREEK, May 29, 1862.

SIR: On the morning of the 28th instant the Second Kentucky Regiment, with the balance of the brigade under your command, was ordered out to attack the enemy's front at Corinth. Two companies (A, Lieutenant

---------------

*Nominal list omitted shows 3 killed and 20 wounded.

---------------

