
The part of the line under the gallant Colonel Clanton was severely engaged about 10 to 11 o'clock on the morning of the 29th ultimo, in which several were wounded on both sides.

I would mention particularly the gallant and good conduct of Colonel Clanton, Lieutenant-Colonel Mills (Seventh Mississippi), Lieutenant-Colonel Tracy, and Captain Hollinsworth (Nineteenth Alabama Regiment), and Private James Kerns (of Farish's cavalry), under Colonel Clanton.

Colonel Mills was wounded in the shoulder on the 29th, and returned to Corinth.

Private Kerns was also wounded while gallantly rallying a line of Mississippi troops who had bee driven from their positions.

At 9.30 o'clock on the night of the 29th, the cavalry, under Colonel Clanton, having been placed so as to cover the entire front, a signal was given, at which the infantry pickets were noiselessly withdrawn, and at 12 o'clock I silently marched the brigade to Corinth, and slowly marched toward the Tuscumbia River, taking up the infantry (left in the breastworks) as we passed, and the artillery, all of which had been sent to the south side of Corinth at 6 o'clock the evening before. I detailed a rear guard, under Captain Kimbrough and Lieutenant Hodo, before starting, with orders to force every straggler found on the road to join and move on to the rear.

This duty was most efficiently performed while I was with them, and these officers assure me that they and their men awakened and forced on every straggler they found. Any stragglers left on the road must have left Corinth after the rear guard, or secreted themselves some distance off the road, to avoid being disturbed.

On arriving at a point about 1 mile from Tuscumbia River, and finding the brigade too near the main body, I halted and rested about two hours, and then passed on to about a mile this side of said river, where we halted, and were ordered by Lieutenant Ellis to return to the river and await the crossing of the cavalry, which, we were informed, had orders to burn the bridges immediately after passing over.

On arriving at the river I placed the main body of the brigade in a position favorable to defend any of the crossings near the road and deployed strong lines of skirmishers on both sides of the road near the bridge. I had one gun of Robertson's battery placed this side of the bridge in battery, with a prolonge attaching it to the limber, so that, if necessary, it could retire firing. Heavy details were then made to prepare for burning the bridges, and fires were made near them, so that they could be promptly fired.

Immediately after making these dispositions Colonel Wirt Adams passed to the rear, with his regiment, reporting Colonel Clanton behind, but stating that he thought Colonel Clanton's regiment would retire by another road; but I was still informed that a small detachment of cavalry was waiting to destroy a bridge between the Tuscumbia River and Corinth, Miss.

While this work of preparing the bridges and obstructing the fords was going on, Captain Cooke (an aide to the general commanding) furnished me a squad of 3 cavalry, the only cavalry present, which I sent up the road to watch and announce any advance of the enemy. They soon returned, closely pursued by the enemy, who were moving rapidly down the road, and on approaching our position deployed and commenced a rapid and heavy fire. Our men remained quiet until the enemy approached within about 40 yards, when our skirmishers and the gun above referred to (which was skillfully and gallantly handled

