
by Lieutenant Dent, of Robertson's battery) promptly and rapidly returned their fire, putting the enemy to flight, and, as we afterward ascertained, killing 5 and wounding 9 of their number. The difficulty of crossing (as the bridges were fired) as the enemy approached precluded pursuit, but without much delay Lieutenant Butler, of the Louisiana regulars, effected a crossing, with a small detail, and completed the destruction of the bridge.

Toward evening I received an order from the general commanding this army to leave Colonel Deas, with his and one other regiment and two guns of Robertson's battery, and proceed to the rear with the remainder of the brigade.

Inclosed please find statement of the number of killed and wounded.

I am, major, very respectfully,your obedient servant,

JOS. WHEELER,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade, Wither's Division.

Major GEORGE G. GRANGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Mississippi.

[Inclosure.]

Wither's division-Parts of First and Second Brigades, commanded by Colonel Joseph Wheeler, Nineteenth Alabama Regiment-List of killed and wounded in affairs on the Monterey road preparatory to the evacuation of Corinth, Miss., May 28 and 29, 1862.

W o u n d e d.

Names and commands.	 Kil	 Mor	 Seve	 Sligh	 Mis	 Total

 led	 tal	 rely	 tly	 sin

 	 ly	 	 	 g

Lieutenant. Colonel A. G. Mills,	 --	 --	 2	 1	 --	 3

7th Mississippi Regiment

Lieutenant. Colonel A. G. Mills,	 --	 --	 5	 1	 6	 12

9th Mississippi Regiment

Lieutenant. Colonel A. G. Mills,	 2	 --	 --	 1	 --	 3

29th Mississippi Regiment

Lieutenant. Colonel E. K. Tracy,	 3	 2	 1	 3	 --	 9

19th Alabama Regiment

Lieutenant. Colonel G. D.	 1	 --	 --	 1	 1	 3

Johnston, 25th Alabama

Regiment

Colonel J. G. Coltart, 26th	 2	 --	 --	 --	 --	 2

Alabama Regiment

Colonel Clanton, 1st	 --	 2	 4	 4	 --	 10

Alabama Cavalry

Captain Farish's company	 --	 --	 --	 1	 --	 1

(Alabama) of cavalry

Total	 8	 4	 12	 12	 7	 43

JOS. WHEELER,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

No. 85. Report of Colonel Morgan L. Smith, Eighth Missouri Infantry, commanding brigade, of operations May 29.
HDQRS. 1ST BRIG., 5TH DIV., ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Corinth, Miss., June 1, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to your order, on the morning of the 29th I moved with my brigade along the main road to Corinth, to occupy and fortify the high ground about a mile in advance of Russell's house. I think it was the intention of the enemy to contest the occupation of that hill, as it is in easy range of their intrenchments, but your plan of going around both sides of the field instead of through it alarmed them for their flanks, and their defense was not very spirited or protracted. Immediately

