
after their infantry retired from the hill the enemy opened on it from different directions with shell and grape, which they continued at intervals during the day, without doing much injury. Skirmishing was continued quite briskly during the day and night and the next day.

An attempt was made about-o'clock to drive us from the hill. A charge was made and an attempt to cheer by many voices, but the cheer was too feminine and seemed to say, "Men, we don't want to fight you, but would like to frighten you off that hill."

Just before night-fall your order came to intrench the position. Our tools were hurried forward and we were ready to break ground at 10 p.m., and at 1 a.m. I had a continuous line of breastworks in front of my brigade, with the exception of a part of the front of the Sixth Missouri. The alacrity with which the men relinquished the rifle for the spade and then again grasped the rifle when the firing became heavy in front promises well for the future.

My thanks are due to Colonel David Stuart, Fifty-fifth Illinois; Colonel P. E. Bland, Sixth Missouri; Colonel T. Kilby Smith, Fifty-fourth Ohio; Lieutenant. Colonel James Peckham, Eighth Missouri, and Lieutenant. Colonel A. V. Rice, Fifty-seventh Ohio, for the prompt execution of all orders; also to my acting assistant adjutant-general, Lieutenant D. C. Coleman, and my acting aide, Lieutenant Charles Loomis, Fifty-fourth Ohio (who was slightly wounded in the foot), and Captain Bragg, of the Sixth Missouri, for the creditable manner in which he handled his company as skirmishers.

Killed in this affair, none. Wounded: Sixth Missouri, 8-1 mortally, 6 severely, and 1 slightly; Eighth Missouri, 2 severely. Total, 10.

[Your obedient servant,

MORGAN L. SMITH,]

Colonel Eighth Missouri Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 86. Report of Brigadier General Thomas A. Davies, U. S. Army, commanding division, of operations May 30.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, May 30, 1862.

SIR: Corinth having fallen, I have the honor to make the following report of the action of my division, in obedience to the order of Major-General Thomas, commanding the right wing:

My intrenchments being within 1,000 yards of the enemy's main works, General Thomas gave me the order observe their actions, and in case they could be seen, to open fire upon them. My pickets gave information that the enemy had fallen back, and I took a squadron of Illinois cavalry, Captain Hotaling,and made a reconnaissance in my front. I passed into their intrenchments without opposition, and finding nothing but heaps of camp equipage, tents, and the like in every direction within them, ready to burn, I pushed forward to Corinth. Everything was in flames around the depot except the two hotels and the private buildings. I ordered the two telegraph lines passing through the town to be cut, which was done. The depot platform was on fire, which as far as possible was arrested, saving the depot and the

