
houses adjoining. The four roads leading to the rear had each a bridge across a small stream, which were on fire. I ordered them to be extinguished, saving them without material damage.

I then proceeded to the only public building in the place, the Gaston Institude, a large one, upon an eminence southwest of the depot, where a rebel flag was flying from the dome. I ascended to the roof, my staff following, and ordered it to be hauled down and the Stars and Stripes raised in its place. This was done, after some difficult climbing, by two of my staff, Lieutenants John W. Davies and Annan. I have the rebel flag in my possession. There was no other building in the place worthy of in my possession. There was no other building in the place worthy of the honor, as most of them displayed hospital or white flags. The troops then began pouring into the town, preceded by cavalry in pursuit of the flying enemy. At this moment I received orders from General Halleck to march my division on Farmington and report to Major-General Pope. I executed the order, and the division is now encamped south of Corinth, its right resting on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier General, Commanding Second Division, Right Wing.

Captain GEORGE E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 87. Report of Captain J. H. Hammond, Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, of operations May 30.
HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Camp before Corinth, May 30, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to your orders, at 6.30 a.m. to-day, I started to join Brig. General M. L. Smith in his march on Corinth. Proceeding as rapidly as possible to about half a mile from the edge of the village I found him with the Fifty-fourth Ohio Volunteers, Colonel T. Kilby Smith commanding, in the advance, skirmishers deployed 250 yards on each side of the road and in front. The town was on fire in various places, and evidences of sudden flight abundant, large quantities of quartermaster's and commissary stores being partially destroyed. A citizen informed us that the main body of troops had left about 2 o'clock in the morning and the rear guard at daybreak. We pushed on into the square before the railroad depot, which was on fire, where we arrived about 7.30 o'clock. General Smith caused guards to be placed over such property as was found, including a quantity of ammunition and a large iron safe in the hotel, and sent back to you several orderlies to report the condition of things, and to ask that one or two sections, if possible, of artillery might be sent to our support, to make an attempt on the rear guard of the enemy. At this juncture General Pope and General Rosecrans arrived from their camp on the Farmington road, and as they brought troops, I obtained permission from General Smith to pursue the enemy with our cavalry, which was sent for urgently. Some time elapsing without its arrival, I pushed on across the town with some Iowa cavalry, and finding near College Hill a house with a number of females in it, placed my remaining orderly in charge, directing him to prevent stragglers from annoying them. In about ten minutes Captain Worcester, Fourth Illinois

