
more effectual than a large artillery force with plenty of shrapnel and canister? Do not the means exist in this military department of making such an attack almost certainly overpowering and decisive?

It would afford me great pleasure if your views of duty should coincide with my wishes, which constantly lead me to hope that several batteries of the First Light Artillery, now at Saint Louis, may be ordered here in time to connect the name of that regiment with a decisive victory.

I am, very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

J. D. WEBSTER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

Major-General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding District.

APRIL 3, 1862.-Skirmish near Monterey, Tenn.

LIST OF REPORTS.

No. 1.-Colonel William H. H. Taylor, Fifth Ohio Cavalry.

No. 2.-Brig. General James R. Chalmers, C. S. Army.

No. 1. Report of Colonel William H. H. Taylor, Fifth Ohio Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIFTH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Third Brig., First Div., Army West Tennessee, April 3, 1862.

GENERAL: I respectfully beg to report that, in obedience to your orders, I proceeded from this camp at midnight with about 400 men of this regiment in the direction of Corinth. Being without guides, and the night so dark, after having marched some 4 miles we halted until near daybreak. About a mile and a half beyond the house of Mr. Chambers we came upon the enemy's pickets, 9 in number, upon whom the advance guard immediately charged, wounding 1 rebel and making another prisoner. The prisoner's name is Lammon, and a private in the First Alabama Cavalry. We chased the rebels some distance in the direction of Greer's, and after obtaining a guide discovered that 15 of the enemy's cavalry were posted within a mile and a half of Greer's house. Marching in that direction, we met a gentleman calling himself Dr. Parker, whom we had seen two hours previously at the house of Chambers, when, after asking his services as a guide, pleaded ignorance of the surrounding country and want of a horse, while after our departure he had saddled his horse and ridden some 3 miles, and upon the evidence of a woman living near the picket post he certainly had given information to the rebels of our approach. I accordingly arrested him, and have brought him to camp for your examination.

Finding no trace of the fugitive rebels, I ordered my command back to camp, arriving here at 9 a.m. I learned that at Monterey the rebels have three regiments of infantry, one of cavalry, and a battery of artillery. They are also in force with cavalry on the other side of Lick Creek.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

W. H. H. TAYLOR,

Colonel Fifth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

Brig. General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN,

Commanding First Division, Army of West Tennessee.

