
No. 88. Report of Colonel Amory K. Johnston, Twenty-eighth Illinois Infantry, of operations May 30.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-EIGHTH ILLINOIS,Camp before Corinth, Miss., June 1, 1862.

SIR: In accordance with General Lauman's request I beg leave to report the part borne by my command on the 30th of May, consisting of the Twenty-eighth Illinois and Third Iowa.

On the morning of the 30th, in obedience to the order of General Hurlbut, I proceeded with the above force to Corinth, where I was ordered to report to Brig. General Morgan L. Smith, and under orders from him proceeded west about 1 mile. Nothing of importance transpiring at this time, I was ordered by Major-General Sherman to form in lien of battle, my lines facing to the south, there to await further orders. The general expressing a desire that a reconnaissance might be made on the turnpike leading in a northwesterly direction, I sent Companies H and E, of the Twenty-eighth Illinois, commanded by Captains Rhodes and Griffin, with instructions to carefully note and report any indications of recent travel, amount and character of the same. They proceeded in the direction indicated about 1 mile. Their report was that a large body of cavalry and wagons must have recently passed over that road. At this time, having received orders from Major-General Sherman to advance about 2 miles, in obedience to the above order the column moved forward, and again reported to General Smith for orders.

It is here proper to state that in the last advance a regimental band of rebels, consisting of 16 men, who were discovered secreted in the brush by members of the Twenty-eight Illinois, surrendered themselves as prisoners of war, and were sent to the rear in charge of cavalry, with orders to report to the provost-marshal. After remaining at this point about one hour I received order from General Smith to return to Corinth and report my command to Brigadier-General Hurlbut, commanding Fourth Division. Arriving at Corinth, I was met by Brigadier-General Lauman, who ordered me to return to our former camp, General Hurlbut in the mean time having returned, which order was promptly complied with.

In conclusion I must say that I am more than pleased with the alacrity and promptitude with which every officer and soldier of my entire command pressed forward, showing no sign of fatigue, notwithstanding the dust and heat, and also with their general good behavior and conduct in the ranks.

Very respectfully submitted.

A. K. JOHNSON,

Colonel, Commanding Detachment.

H. SCOFIELD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION, June 9, 1862.

It affords me great pleasure to bear testimony to the earnestness and zeal manifested by Colonel A. K. Johnson and the officers and soldiers who composed his command on the morning of May 30, whilst following

