
the retreating enemy out of Corinth on the Ripley road. Colonel Johnson's command was close on the heels of Morgan L. Smith's brigade, and acted with it up to the time of the order of recall and to resume our former camps. I have read his report, and confirm all he says.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding Fifth Division.

No. 89. Reports of Major-General John Pope, U. S. Army, of operations May 30 and expedition to Booneville, Miss.

ONE MILE FROM DANVILLE, May 30, 1862.

[SIR: ] Tuscumbia Creek is just in front of me, a deep, miry stream, with the bridge destroyed. A force of the enemy is on the opposite side, but I think a small one, ready to run off. The skirmishers are now crossing. The country is very rough and difficult. From all that I can learn from prisoners and citizens, I am satisfied that no force of the enemy had gone as far east as Jacinto. They have put roads through the woods in every direction from Corinth, but they all come into the main road along the Mobile and Ohio Railroad toward Rienzi. The main body of the enemy is undoubtedly retreating south along the railroad. Price and Van Dorn undoubtedly left in a hurry, leaving tents standing, hundreds of barrels of beef, several hundred wagons, which they had tried to destroy, and 7,000 stand of arms. I shall encamp my infantry force, which is much worn-out, between Clear Creek and Tuscumbia Creek, about 9 miles from Corinth, on the Mobile and Ohio road. Most of the telegraph line on that road is in good order, and it is best to repair it to my camp, which can be done in an hour or two, and which will put me in communication with Corinth. Will your order it?

I consider further pursuit useless until we are better prepared. Cavalry force will scour the country in advance.

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General.

Major-General HALLECK.
HEADQUARTERS,Farmington, May 30, 1862-12.45 p.m.

The advance of my cavalry detachment came upon the extreme rear guard of the enemy 8 miles from Corinth, on the Mobile and Ohio road, in the act of burning the bridge. They were at once dispersed, with loss of 40 prisoners. The fire was put one. The cavalry is pushing on.

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General HALLECK.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Near Danville, June 1, 1862.

It gives me great pleasure to report the brilliant success of the expedition under Colonel Elliott, Second Iowa Cavalry, with I sent out

