
on the 28th instant. After forced marches day and night through a very difficult country, and obstructed by the enemy, he finally succeed in reaching the Mobile and Ohio Railroad at Booneville at 2 o'clock a.m. on the 30th. He destroyed the track in many places both south and west of the town, blew up one culvert, destroyed switches and track, burned up depot and locomotive, and train of 26 cars, loaded with supplies of every kind; destroyed 10,000 stand of small-arms, 3 pieces of artillery, and a great quantity of clothing and ammunition, and paroled 2,000 prisoners, who could not keep up with his cavalry. The enemy had heard of his movement, and had a train of box and flat cars, carrying artillery and 5,000 infantry, running up and down the road to prevent him from reaching it. The whole road was lined with pickets. For several days Colonel Elliott's command subsisted on meat alone, such as they could find in the country. For daring and dash this expedition has been distinguished in the highest degree, and entitles Colonel Elliott and his command to high distinction. Its results will be embarrassing to the enemy, and will contribute greatly to their loss and demoralization. He reports the roads full of small parties of the retreating enemy scattering in all directions.

JNumbers POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General HALLECK.

No. 90. Report of Colonel Washington L. Elliott, Second Iowa Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Brigade, of expedition to and capture of Booneville, Miss.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION,Army of the Mississippi, May 31, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with the instructions of General Granger, commanding division, and letter of instructions of General Pope, I proceeded, at 12 o'clock on the night of the 27th, with my brigade, consisting of the Second Iowa and Second Michigan Cavalry, via Iuka, Miss., by a circuitous route to the Mobile and Ohio Railroad,at Booneville, about 22 miles below Corinth, Miss.; reached Booneville about 2 o'clock a.m. on the 30th, and about daybreak deployed my brigade half a mile from and on the eastern side of the town, approaching it with skirmishers deployed to the front. I then detached Lieutenant-Colonel Hatch, Second Iowa Cavalry, with the right wing of that regiment, with orders first to cut the telegraph wires and then to take possession of all property in the town, holding the left wing of the regiment as a reserve; also detached Colonel Sheridan, with the left wing of the Second Michigan, to proceed to the railroad below Booneville and do as much damage as possible, holding the right wing of the regiment as a reserve.

I found in and around the town from 2,000 to 2,500 convalescent and sick of the enemy, a guard of from 500 to 700 infantry below the town, and about 250 cavalry above it. Near the railroad depot was a train, consisting of 1 locomotive and 26 large cars; 5 loaded with small-arms, some of them boxed up; 5 loaded with ammunition for artillery and for small-arms; 1 platform car, with 1 brass and 2 iron field pieces of artillery; the balance of the train loaded with officers' baggage, clothing, provisions, and quartermaster's stores. The depot was stored

