
with ammunition, subsistence, and quartermaster's stores. While the track was being damaged above and below the town I caused all the cars to be brought near the depot and had hem fired, both depot and cars, first causing the sick of the enemy to be removed beyond danger from the explosion of powder and shell. I remained long enough to see that the fire could not be extinguished and heard the explosion of the ammunition for two or three hours.

For the details as to the damage done by Lieutenant-Colonel Hatch and Colonel Sheridan I refer to the reports of these officers. The general amount of damage done was, the track in several places, one culvert, and all of the switches. The value of the property destroyed I estimate at from one-fourth to one-half million of dollars.

Having learned that the enemy had sent forces to Baldwin and Guntown to intercept me on my return, and on account of the scarcity of provisions in the country, being without wagon transportation and the route impracticable for the same if I had it, I could only bring to camp the mounted prisoners, from 30 to 40 in number, disarming and leaving the infantry prisoners, from 500 to 700 in number.

For want of guides the march was very fatiguing,both to men and horses. Meat only could be procured for the former and very little forage for the latter. The hardships were borne by officers and men without a murmur, duties performed cheerfully, and all in good spirits, notwithstanding the fatigue of the march and want of food and rest. The assistance rendered me by Lieutenant C. F. Marden, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant P. A. Weber, aide-de-camp, was most valuable. Captain Campbell, commanding Third Battalion of Second Michigan Cavalry, with his dismounted skirmishers, handsomely checked and drove from the Second Iowa Cavalry the cavalry of the enemy in his attempt to fire upon us while arranging for the destruction of the property in the town and wounded several of the enemy.

After I was satisfied that the destruction of the property was complete I formed my command, ready to attack the cavalry of the enemy should he again appear. Finding that he did not, I returned to my camp about 8 o'clock p.m. to-day by another circuitous route, having marched during the four days about 180 miles.

I regret to learn that our loss was 1 killed, 2 wounded, and 6 missing.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Colonel Second Iowa Cavalry, Commanding.

Captain R. O. SELFRIDGE,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Hdqrs. Cav. Div., Army Mississippi.

No. 91. Report of Lieutenant. Colonel Edward Hatch, Second Iowa Cavalry, of capture of Booneville, Miss., May 30.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND IOWA CAVALRY,Camp near Corinth, Miss., June 1, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, complying with Colonel Elliott's order, near Booneville, Miss., on the morning of May 30, 1862, at 3 o'clock a.m., I detached 6 men, under command of Lieutenant Eystra, to proceed to the telegraph line and cut off communication with Corinth. Lieutenant

