
Eystra was unsuccessful in two attempts, prevented by a strong guard of the enemy's cavalry.

At daylight moved forward line of battle one-fourth of a mile from left of the enemy's camp. I was then ordered to advance with the right wing, the left wing, under command of Major Hepburn, held in reserve, to move up the moment he should hear firing. Then advanced rapidly on the enemy, who offered little resistance, firing a few shots on our right. The right of the enemy's camp numbered about 1,000 men, mostly sick and convalescent. Immediately cut the telegraph wire and proceeded to tear up the railroad with Companies B and G, pushing Major Coon forward with Companies Freeman, with Company H, to attack to squadron of the enemy's cavalry, camped on the west side of railroad, who fled at his approach. I found standing on the track an engine disabled, 26 cars, loaded with 10,000 stand of arms, 1,000 small and side arms, 800,000 rounds ball cartridge, 100,000 rounds of fixed ammunition for 6 and 8 pounder guns, 3 mounted field pieces, 4 mortars, 1 car of horse equipments and team harness, haversacks, cross-belts, cartridge boxes, canteens, knapsacks for 10,000 men, a large amount of stores. The railroad depot was filled with commissary stores 3,000 stand of arms, shells of a large size, two wooden 68-pounder guns, medical stores, 300 kegs and barrels of powder, marked "Alabama Powder Company."

At Colonel Elliott's order the sick were removed, the buildings and train fired and entirely destroyed. The orderly sergeant (Budd), with 6 men of Company G, left with a hand car, running a mile beyond the point they were ordered to, toward Corinth, were attacked by the enemy's cavalry, when Sergeant Hilton was killed. The men made a gallant struggle, Sergeant Budd and Private Wood cutting their way out, capturing 2 horses, and the standard of the battalion carried by the enemy. The cavalry of the enemy appearing in some force, I was ordered to move forward with Major Coon's command of five companies in battle line to the ground occupied in the morning, where I joined the command.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

EDWARD HATCH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Second Iowa Cavalry, Commanding.

Lieutenant C. F. MARDEN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. Gen., Second Brig., Cavalry Division.

No. 92. Report of Colonel Philip H. Sheridan, Second Michigan Cavalry, of capture of Booneville, Miss., May 30.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND MICHIGAN CAVALRY,Camp near Farmington, Miss., June 1, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the operations of my regiment at the capture of Booneville, Miss., on the morning of May 29, 1862:

My regiment was formed a short distance in rear of the town and on the left of the Second Regiment of Iowa Cavalry, when I received directions from Colonel Elliott, commanding, to take one-half of the regiment

