
and pass to the south of the town and destroy a bridge on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, leaving the other half of the regiment in reserve, to support me should it be necessary. I proceeded rapidly in the direction indicated until I reached the road, then down the road 1 1/2 miles, but found no bridge or culvert. I then learned that there was no bridge except the one at Baldwin,some 9 miles farther down, and that defended by three regiments and one battery. Directions were then given to the companies to destroy the road, by tearing up the track, bending the rails, and burning the cross-ties. This was done with alacrity at four different places by both officers and men, and continued until I received orders from the colonel commanding to join him at once at Booneville.

While these operations were going on a dash was made by a squadron of rebel cavalry at our rear and on the right of the reserve of my regiment, but was handsomely met by the reserve, under command of Captain Campbell, who dismounted a portion of his command, and when the enemy came within range received then with a volley, which caused them to break and run in all directions.

While passing to the south of the town and along the railroad I captured about 500 Confederate soldiers, 100 of whom had good percussion muskets. The balance, I think, had thrown their musket away. They were placed along the road to defend it, but made no resistance. I turned them loose after breaking up their guns, as we could not be burdened with them in our rapid return to this camp.

I have the honor to report that the officers and men of my regiment, without a single exception, behaved well. I respectfully bring to the notice of the colonel commanding Captain Campbell, commanding the reserve; Captain Alger, who commanded the line of skirmishers in my advance, and Adjt. George Lee, who rendered important services. My regiment returned to camp without any casualties.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Colonel, Commanding Second Michigan Cavalry.

Lieutenant C. F. MARDEN,

Adjutant Second Brigade, Cavalry Division.

No. 93. Report of Colonel W. R. Bradfute, C. S. Army, of capture of Booneville, Miss., May 30.

MARIETTA, MISS., June 5, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report:

While stationed at Jacinto I received information, on May 27, that 2,000 of the enemy's cavalry were marching upon Burnsville. I immediately moved, with Lieutenant. Colonel F. N. McNairy's battalion of Tennessee cavalry and one piece of artillery, to the vicinity of Burnsville, where I found Lieutenant-Colonel McCulloch and Captain Milner stationed, with 300 men. The command was placed in line of battle and remained in that position during the night. Next morning the enemy could not be heard from.

About 10 a.m. Lieutenant Johnson, of Captain Roddey's company, arrived in camp, and reported that the enemy was at Iuka when he left

55 R R-VOL X

