
No. 2. Report of Brig. General James R. Chalmers, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ADVANCE, April 3, 1862.

MAJOR:Colonel Clanton has just reported verbally to me that the enemy's pickets attacked his advance pickets about daylight this morning, and he fears that 2 of his men were captured, though he was not able to state accurately the facts. As soon as I am accurately informed I will report to you.

Your order to prepare for movement has been received and given to the troops.

Our commissary stores have not arrived, but are expected hourly. We have on hand one day's rations ready cooked.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JAMES R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.

Major GEORGE G. GRANGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 4, 1862.-Skirmish at Lawrenceburg, Tenn.

Report of Brig. General Milo S. Hascall, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. FIFTEENTH BRIGADE, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Field of Shiloh, April 12, 1862.

Agreeably to the order of General Wood, I proceeded on the morning of the 4th instant from our camp, 23 miles beyond Waynesborough and about 60 miles from this place, with two regiments of my brigade, to wit, the Twenty-sixth Ohio and the Seventeenth Indiana, together with a detachment of about 600 of the Third Ohio Cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Murray, of that regiment, and marched for Lawrenceburg. The general had been informed that about 500 of the enemy's cavalry were at that point, with the intention of making a descent upon our train after the troops had passed. My instructions were to proceed cautiously to Lawrenceburg, a distance of about 14 miles from our camp, and capture the enemy, if possible, and to disperse him at all events. It happened that the day was very rainy and exceedingly bad for the infantry to make the march, on account of the swollen streams and mud. I proceeded very cautiously, leaving a couple of cavalry at every house we passed, to prevent any one taking information there we had to pass over a succession of hills, in full view of the town, so that further precaution in this respect was useless.

By this time I had learned that there were not more than from 50 to 100 cavalry there at furthest, and being desirous of saving the infantry as much as possible for the forced march that was still before them, before reaching this point I ordered the infantry to halt, and, after getting their dinner, to return to the camp they left in the morning and join the other two regiments of my brigade. I then proceeded with the cavalry as fast as the roads would permit, and, when getting within about one-fourth of a mile from town, ordered a charge upon the town, which was splendidly executed by Lieutenant-Colonel Murray at the head of his men. I learned that there were 50 to 75 cavalry in town, but as soon as they observed our approach put themselves in readiness to leave. They

