
10 p.m. by an infantry force of the enemy, who after two volleys charged and drove our detachment toward Rienzi or took them prisoners. On returning to camp met our cavalry going toward Rienzi.

A. J. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Advance of Army.

No. 101 Report of Colonel Philip H. Sheridan, Second Michigan Cavalry, of reconnaissance to Baldwin, Miss., June 9.

BOONEVILLE, June 9, 1862.

The officer in command of the cavalry advance makes the following report from Baldwin:

General POPE:

My command entered this place at 5 o'clock a.m. without opposition. The enemy have been evacuating their position here for several days. Their rear guard left here yesterday morning. General Beauregard left his headquarters here last Saturday, at 12 o'clock p.m. It is supposed that the enemy have taken a position 20 miles south, at a place called Tupelo. They have left nothing. I found the railroad bridge burned; all the bridges over the creek destroyed. We crossed by following the railroad, but with a great deal of difficulty. I will probably make a reconnaissance as far as Guntown, 5 miles south of this place.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Colonel Second Michigan Cavalry, Commanding.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

General HALLECK.

MAY 1, 1862.-Skirmish near Pulaski, Tenn.

LIST OF REPORTS.

No. 1.-Captain John Jumper, Eighteenth Ohio Infantry.

No. 2.-Colonel John H. Morgan, C. S. Army.

No. 1 Report of Captain John Jumper, Eighteenth Ohio Infantry.

NASHVILLE, May 4, 1862.

I left Columbia on the evening of April 30, with about 110 men, about 35 armed, that had guarded a lot of prisoners up from Huntsville, and the balance being recruits and convalescents from the barracks at Nashville. We camped some 8 miles from the city that night, started early next morning, May 1, and got along finely until about 1 p.m., when a courier came up post-haste and said a party of rebel cavalry, to the number of 15 or 20, had attacked his party of telegraph men,a nd urged us to go to their assistance. I took the armed men and started at double-quick for the ground, leaving the unarmed and teams to

