
No. 2 Report of Colonel John H. Morgan, C. S. Army.

PULASKI, TENN., May 2, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report from this place and to inclose a list of prisoners taken in and near this town-268 non-commissioned officers, rank and file, as well as officers, among whom was the son of General Mitchel, who, together with a number of other officers, had just arrived from General Mitchel's command.

The incidents peculiar to the skirmish, in which our entire force engaged, were of but little moment, the engagement resulting in a loss of several killed and wounded on the part of the enemy. The Federals occupied Columbia road, deploying as skirmishers upon each side of the turnpike, which they blocked up with their wagons and teams, all of which I have taken possession of. Colonel Wood made a gallant charge up the road, while I led a portion of the command to the right, when the enemy surrendered.

We have taken a quantity of arms; also a number of teams, wagons, &amp;c. Several wagons loaded with cotton, purchased by a Mr. Campbell, and en route to Nashville, were taken possession of and burned. As we may move rapidly, the teams we will mount our men with and destroy the wagons.

If a body of cavalry is thrown across the river irreparable damage can be done the enemy. This road (Columbia) is very important, as a large amount of transportation is constantly passing to and fro.

Respectfully,

JOHN H. MORGAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

General THOMAS JORDAN.

MAY 1-2, 1862.-Operations in the vicinity of Athens, Mooresville, Limestone Bridge, and Elk River, Ala.

LIST OF REPORTS.

No. 1.-Major-General Ormsby M. Mitchel, U. S. Army.

No. 2.-Colonel J. S. Scott, First Louisiana Cavalry.

No. 1 Report of Major-General Ormsby M. Mitchel, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,Camp Taylor, Huntsville, Ala., May 2, 1862.

GENERAL: On yesterday a dash was made at Colonel Stanley, whose regiment was guarding bridges on the Athens and Decatur road, by a detachment of cavalry, said to be from Florence. They attacked the guards at one or two bridges, and finally the pickets of the main body at Athens. Two companies were ordered out and skirmished with the cavalry an hour or two, the cavalry retreating, until finally the enemy opened fire with three small brass field pieces, believed now to have been mounted in country wagons. This alarmed Colonel Stanley,

