
in order for gallantry and meritorious service; also the boy who took Lieutenant-Colonel Adams, United States engineer.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

ELK RIVER, ALA., May 2, 1862.

GENERAL: Since I dispatched you yesterday I have burned the Limestone Bridge, between Decatur and Huntsville. I caught two provision trains at the bridge and burned about 20 cars. We killed and wounded there 34 of the enemy.

This morning, about 10 o'clock, the enemy's cavalry, about 400 strong, attacked me at Elk River after I had half my command over the river.

We repulsed them with the loss of 2 men killed on our side and at least 35 on theirs. I lost on the trip 4 men killed, 5 wounded, and 12 horses.

I am out of ammunition and my horses are very much jaded. I will cross to-night on the south side of the river and rest my men and horses for a few days in the neighborhood of Courtland. I send you 20 prisoners-2 captains.

Yours, very respectfully,

J. S. SCOTT,

Colonel First Regiment Louisiana Cavalry.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD.

MAY 2-9, 1862.-Expedition from Trenton to Paris and Dresden, Tenn., with skirmish, May 5, near Lockridge's Mill.

LIST OF REPORTS.

No. 1.-Colonel Thomas Claiborne, Sixth Confederate Cavalry.

No. 2.-Colonel William W. Lowe, Fifth Iowa Cavalry.

No. 3.-Captains William A. Haw and Henning von Minden, Fifth Iowa Cavalry.

No. 1 Report of Colonel Thomas Claiborne, Sixth Confederate Cavalry.

SPRING CREEK, TENN., May 9, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I left Trenton on May 2 and encamped at King's Bridge. On the 3rd encamped at McKenzie's Station, waiting Jackson, who joined me on the 4th, and we marched (whole force about 1,250) to attack a force reported to be at Paris, 250 to 500 strong. I separated into three columns, to surround it and intercept them toward Fort Heiman.

At about 4 p.m. entered Paris. The enemy had moved at 10 a.m. toward Dresden. I immediately detached one column, under Lieutenant-Colonel Pell, to Boysville, and with my own joined Colonel Jackson, who was on the Dresden road, 2 1/2 miles. We pushed on vigorously, contending with a night of unusual darkness and rain, until reaching Cowan's house (Union).

