
enemy had that morning entered Paris with artillery, foot, and horse, but there he would remain. I left Colonel Pell at or near McKenzie, with orders to observe the enemy and keep posted as to his movements, and to-day, leaving orders for Pell to take a position between McLemoresville and Huntingdon and keep me informed, I moved to this place, my horses very jaded, my men having suffered for food, having no means to prepare nor haversacks to carry with them food for a day even. We subsisted with great difficulty and by getting people for miles around to cook for us.

It is well to add that the person-an Englishman, of Paducah-sent to me to act as guide, without my request, by Provost Hayes, at Jackson, Tenn., who seems to have known my destination, called to see me, but left for Paducah, telling two persons, of my knowledge, where I was going. This is certain. The notorious spy and guide Farris, a citizen of Paris, who led the enemy to King's Camp, and has since figured conspicuously in pointing out our friends, was captured, and deserves to be shot; also Rose, of Paris Landing, taken wounded; he has been also a guide for them.

The conduct of Colonel Jackson was, as usual with him, such as to merit your highest approval, and the good conduct of his regiment on the march and in the affair excellent.

Regretting the impossibility of getting to Paducah, in which Colonel Jackson and Major Wicks agree with me, I hope to have your approval of my course.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. CLAIBORNE.

No. 2 Report of Colonel William W. Lowe, Fifth Iowa Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Forts Henry and Heiman, May 12, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the result of an expedition sent out recently from this post in the direction of Paris and Dresden for the purpose of intercepting some supplies of medicines, &amp;c., taken from Paducah for the use of the rebel army; also a brief statement of what has been done since the result of that expedition became known to me.

Having received information that the rebels were being supplied from time to time with various contraband articles, I sent Major Carl Shaeffer de Boernstein out with parts of three companies, in order to break up this trade. Failing to obtain any satisfactory information, he pushed on to Paris and Dresden. After passing through Paris Claiborne's command of rebel cavalry succeeded in getting in rear of him and pursued him to a point called Lockridge's Mills, when he was overtaken and a severe skirmish ensued, the rebels numbering 1,280, while the force under Major Shaeffer [de Boernstein] consisted of 125 men.

Our loss in killed and wounded was as follows, namely:

56 R R-VOL X

