
 Killed.	 Wounded.

Officers	 1	 3

Non-commissioned officers

-----

1

Privates	 3	 2

Total	 4	 6

Our loss in prisoners cannot as yet be actually ascertained, but will, I presume, number about 60, as Captain Nott has reached Paducah with 58 men and 48 horses.

The loss of the enemy is not known, but they were seen to haul off two wagons loads of wounded. They stripped our wounded and dead of all their clothing. Major Shaeffer [de Boernstein] was robbed of his coat and boots while still living.

As soon as the news reached me I at once made preparation to go with the few remaining companies here in pursuit of the enemy, and, the Fourth Minnesota Regiment passing at this time, I took the responsibility, as indicated in my dispatch, of disembarking them, to aid me in the progress of the expedition.

I started on the evening of the 6th instant, and on the evening of the 7th encamped near Paris and within a few miles of the enemy. My purpose was to have gone on that night, but soon after going into camp I received a dispatch from the commanding general directing me not to pursue them.

The next morning I commenced my return, but sent several parties into and through Paris, without, however, being able to bring out the enemy in pursuit.

Since my return I learned that Claiborne had received a re-enforcement of about 1,000 men, and is now occupying the country between Paris and Jackson with a view of entering this neighborhood for the purpose of procuring forage and rations. Under these circumstances I have thought proper to retain the Fourth Minnesota Regiment, and trust my course will be approved by the general. I have again to urge the necessity of having at this post a small additional force. With one more regiment and a battery I could easily hold and occupy the country for 30 miles back of the river, and as there are many good and loyal citizens in this vicinity, they should receive all possible assistance and protection. Should the rebels again get possession of this section of the country, it is their intention to take off everything in the way of forage and provisions.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

W. W. LOWE,

Colonel Curtis' Horse, Commanding.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Mississippi, Monterey, Miss.

