
after Morgan. Detachment of Seventh Pennsylvania and First and Fourth Kentucky Cavalry overtook Morgan at Lebanon this morning at 5 o'clock, completely surprised him, thoroughly routed him, and captured a large quantity of arms and horses and 150 prisoners, among the number Lieutenant. Colonel Robert C. Wood, of Adams' cavalry, late an officer in the U. S. Army. The enemy were pursued by General Dumont to the Cumberland River. General Dumont is still at Lebanon.

WM. W. DUFFIELD,

Colonel, Commanding Twenty-third Brigade.

Captain OLIVER D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD BRIGADE,Murfreesborough, Tenn., Tuesday, May 6, 1862.

CAPTAIN: Agreeably to verbal instructions received from Brig. General E. Dumont, I started in pursuit of the rebel force, commanded by Colonel John H. Morgan, which had attacked General Mitchel's train at Pulaski, leaving early on the morning of the 3rd instant, and taking with me the Ninth Michigan Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Parkhurst, and the Eighth Kentucky Infantry, Colonel Barnes. Upon reaching Wartrace, and learning that the Fourth Kentucky Cavalry, Colonel Smith, had been ordered to Shelbyville, I directed Colonel Barnes to occupy Wartrace, and protect the bridges at that place with the Eighth Kentucky Infantry, where it still remains. With the Ninth Michigan Infantry I move on to Shelbyville, reaching that point at 5 o'clock in the afternoon. Learning from scouts that the enemy was at Unionville and moving northward, I telegraphed Colonel Lester, of the Third Minnesota Infantry, to place strong guards at the bridges at Murfreesborough, and to Colonel Barnes,of the Eighth Kentucky Infantry, to adopt similar precautions near Wartrace, and, after bivouacking for the night on the Fayetteville road near Shellbyville, proceeded to Murfreesborough at daybreak on the 4th instant, by railway, with the Ninth Michigan Infantry, halting at the cross-roads and throwing out scouting parties in both directions.

On reaching Murfreesborough at 4 o'clock in the afternoon I learned that the enemy at noon had crossed the railway 10 miles north of that place, tearing up the track and burning the station house and a quantity of cotton stored there, and that upon the arrival of the First Kentucky Cavalry, Colonel Wolford, from Nashville, Colonel Lester had dispatched that force in pursuit, together with the Third Battalion of the Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, Major Given. I also learned that the Fourth Kentucky Cavalry, Colonel Smith, had reached Murfreesborough, from Shelbyville, and the Second Battalion Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, Colonel Wynkoop, from Nashville, and that both forces had united at 2 o'clock in the afternoon, and proceeded with General Dumont and yourself to Lebanon. Taking only my own escort of 15 men, I also started for Lebanon at 5 o'clock in the afternoon. Lieutenant-Colonel Parkhurst and three of my own staff followed after, overtaking me at Los Cases. Here also I met the First Kentucky Cavalry, Colonel Wolford, and the Third Battalion Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, Major Given, returning from the pursuit, having been informed that I had been cut off at Shellbyville and needed re-enforcements. I directed this force to turn back with me at once and unite with the one recently dispatched from Murfreesborough under General Dumont, and pushed on all night for Lebanon, overtaking the forces under General

