
MAY 9, 1862.-Skirmish on Elk River, near Bethel, Tenn.

LIST OF REPORTS.

No. 1.-Colonel John Adams, C. S. Army.

No. 2.-Lieutenant. Colonel T. G. Woodward, First Kentucky Cavalry (Confederate).

No. 1 Report of Colonel John Adams, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE,Camp Foster, Ala., May 10, 1862.

GENERAL: Herewith I have the honor to forward a report from Lieutenant-Colonel Woodward of a skirmish with the enemy yesterday. I shall forward the prisoners over the mountain by the turnpike road to Tuscaloosa, Ala.

Colonel Saunders, my aide-de-camp, has addressed a letter to Honorable Charles Gibson and Colonel Levi M. Warner, at Moulton, requesting them to relieve my guard and furnish one to accompany the prisoners thence to Tuscaloosa.

The negroes I shall have tried by a military commission, and, if it is found that any were taken with arms in their hands, it may be necessary to inflict summary punishment; otherwise I shall order them turned over to the civil authorities.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN ADAMS,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Brig. General THOMAS JORDAN,

A. A. G.

No. 2 Report of Lieutenant. Colonel T. G. Woodward, First Kentucky Cavalry (Confederate).

CAMP NEAR LAMB'S FERRY, TENN., May 10, 1862.

SIR: In accordance with instructions from your headquarters, I started from this point on the 8th instant, at 6 p.m., with 350 men of my regiment and a detachment of 80 men from the Texan Rangers, under command of Captain Houston, for the purpose of surprising a party of the enemy, supposed to consist of 350 men, in and about Bethel, a small town on Elk River, 32 miles from Lamb's Ferry. Captain Noel, of this regiment, with 50 men, joined me on the road.

I arrived at Bethel by daybreak, but found no enemy, and learned that no Federals had been there except an insignificant party of stragglers. Ascertaining that Elk River could be crossed at two fords in the vicinity,and that a detachment of the enemy, variously reported as to number, were guarding a trestle work on the railroad on the opposite side of the river, I determined to capture them, and for this with the Texan Rangers, under Captain Houston, with directions to cross at the ford below the trestle work and cut off the retreat of the enemy in that direction, while the party under my immediate command, crossing at the upper ford, should make the attack from above

