
The movement was entirely successful, resulting in the capture of the entire force stationed at the trestle work, which force was found to be much smaller than had been represented. The enemy, under cover of some buildings, made a gallant defense for about ten minutes, but finally surrendered.

I have as prisoners 2 captains; 2 lieutenants, and 43 non-commissioned officers and privates; also 8 negroes.

Our loss is 5 killed, among them Captain Harris, of the Rangers, whose loss is deeply regretted, and 7 wounded. Among the latter I regret to include Captain Noel, a most excellent and gallant officer, seriously wounded in the side. The loss of the enemy in killed and wounded was much heavier.

Captain Houston is entitled to much credit for the able manner in which he co-operated, and the conduct of the men was extremely gallant and praiseworthy.

Minute particulars will be communicated to you as soon as they can be furnished.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

T. G. WOODWARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding First Kentucky Cavalry.

Acting Brigadier-General ADAMS,

Comdg. Cav. Brig.

MAY 10, 1862.-Naval engagement at Plum Point, near Fort Pillow, Tenn.

LIST OF REPORTS.

No. 1.-Brig. General William K. Strong, U. S. Army.

No. 2.-Captain J. E. Montgomery, C. S. Navy.

No. 3.-Brig. General M. Jeff. Thompson, Missouri State Guard.

No. 1 Report of Brig. General William K. Strong, U. S. Army.

CAIRO, May 11, 1862.

The rebel gunboats and rams made an attack on our flotilla yesterday morning. Two of their gunboats were blown up and one sunk. The remainder returned with all possible haste to the protection of their guns at Pillow.

WM. K. STRONG,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General HALLECK.

No. 2 Report of Captain J. E. Montgomery, C. S. Navy.

FLAG-BOAT LITTLE REBEL,

Fort Pillow, Tenn., May 12, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report an engagement with the Federal gunboats at Plum Point Bend, 4 miles above Fort Pillow, May 10:

Having previously arranged with my officers the order of attack, our boats left their moorings at 6 a.m., and proceedings up the river passed round a sharp point, which brought us in full view of the enemy's fleet, numbering eight gunboats and twelve mortar boats.

