
APRIL 4, 1862.-Skirmish near Pittsburg Landing, Tenn.

LIST OF REPORTS.

No. 1.-Major-General U. S. Grant, U. S. Army.

No. 2.-Brig. General William T. Sherman, U. S. Army.

No. 3.-Colonel Ralph P. Buckland, Seventy-Second Ohio Infantry.

No. 4.-Major Elbridge G. Ricker, Fifth Ohio Cavalry.

No. 5.-Major-General William J. Hardee, C. S. Army.

No. 1. Report of Major-General U. S. Grant, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Savannah, April 5, 1862.

GENERAL: Just as my letter of yesterday to Captain McLean, assistant adjutant-general, was finished, notes from Generals McClernand's an Sherman's assistant adjutant-general were received, stating that our outposts had been attacked by the enemy, apparently in considerable force. I immediately went up, but found all quiet. The enemy took 2 officers and 4 or 5 of our men prisoners and wounded 4. We took 8 prisoners and killed several; number of the enemy wounded not known. They had with them three pieces of artillery and cavalry and infantry. How much cannot of course be estimated.

I have scarcely the faintest idea of an attack (general one) being made upon us, but will be prepared should such a thing take place. General Nelson's division has arrived. The other two of General Buell's column will arrive to-morrow and next day. It is my present intention to send them to Hamburg, some 4 miles above Pittsburg, when they all get here. From that point to Corinth the road is good, and a junction can be formed with the troops from Pittsburg at almost any point.

Colonel McPherson has gone with an escort to-day to examine the defensibility of the ground about Hamburg, and to lay out the position of the camps if advisable to occupy that place.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

Major-General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding Department of the Mississippi, Saint Louis, Mo.

No. 2. Report of Brig. General William T. Sherman, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,Camp Shiloh, Tenn., April 5, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that yesterday about 3 p.m. it was reported to me that the lieutenant commanding and 7 men of the advance pickets had imprudently advanced from their posts and were captured. I ordered Major Ricker, of the Fifth Ohio Cavalry, to proceed rapidly to the picket station, ascertain the truth, and act according to circumstances. He reached the station, found the pickets had been

