
MAY 11, 1862.-Affair at Cave City, Ky.

Report of H. W. Stager, Telegraph Operator.

LOUISVILLE, May 11, 1862.

The rebel Colonel John Morgan captured a passenger train on Louisville and Nashville Railroad at Cave City between 12 and 1 o'clock, taking two officers-Major Coffee, First Kentucky Cavalry, and other name not known-and 6 privates prisoners. He burned 45 freight cars and 4 passenger cars and blew up a locomotive. He released all the passengers, and they have returned to Louisville. The train was bound for Nashville. His object was to capture the train from Nashville with rebel prisoners on board; but the train was intercepted and stopped before reaching Cave City, and returned to Nashville.

H. W. STAGER.

A. STAGER.

MAY 13-14, 1862.-Occupation of Rogersville and skirmish at Lamb's Ferry, Ala.

LIST OF REPORTS

No. 1.-Major-General Ormsby M. Mitchel, U. S. Army, with abstract from the "Record of Events" in his division for month of May.

No. 2.-Brig. General James S. Negley, U. S. Army.

No. 3.-Colonel John Adams, C. S. Army, including operations of his brigade May 9.-30.

No. 1 Reports of Major-General Ormsby M. Mitchel, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,Camp Taylor, Hunstville, Ala., May 15, 1862.

At 6 p.m. on the 13th instant General Negley's expedition from Pulaski, supported by Colonel Lytle's expedition from Athens, entered Rogersville, driving the enemy across the Tennessee and destroying a portion of their ferry-boats. Having learned of the approach of Colonel Lytle's forces, the enemy succeeded in removing their artillery, baggage, and stores before the arrival of General Negley. I expected an obstinate defense at the passage of Elk River, and accompanied in person Colonel Lytle's expedition, but without crossing, the enemy, as usual, fled at our approach. I ordered on yesterday an expedition to move promptly from Rogersville to seize the bridge across Shoal Creek and the ferry below the mouth of same stream. This duty has been promptly executed, and the ferry and bridge are ours. No more troops will enter from that region, and we have now upon this side of the river 1,200 or 1,500 cavalry of the enemy in bands of 300 or 400, whom we will endeavor to hunt down and capture or destroy' but we are hopelessly deficient in cavalry, and I fear the escape of these men, who are but plunderers and robbers. The gunboat which I have extemporized will be ready for service to-day, and I will soon be able to pay my respects to the enemy in the eastern side of this region under my command.

O. M. MITCHEL,

Major-General, Commanding.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

