
on the 12th, it proceeded, with the Third and Tenth Ohio and Fifteenth Kentucky Volunteers, and detachments from the Eighth Brigade, to Elk River, and formed a junction with General Negley on the morning of the 14th, returning to Hunstville on the evening of the 15th.

On the 18th 300 men from the Ninth Brigade, under command of Colonel Lytle, marched for Winchester, and arrived there on the morning of the 24th. After a skirmish, dispersed a body of rebel cavalry, and occupied the town, and returned to Huntsville May 24.

No. 2 Report of Brig. General James S. Negley, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Rogersville, Ala., May 14, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the result of an expedition to this point. The command-consisting of the Seventy-ninth and a detachment of the Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant Sypher's section of artillery, from Standart's battery; Major Owsley's battalion of Kentucky, and Captain Jennings' battalion, of the Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, forming the advance brigade, commanded by Colonel H. A. Hambright, acting as brigadier-general, and the First Wisconsin, the Thirty-fifth Indiana, a detachment from the Thirty-eighth Indiana, a battalion of the Fifth Kentucky Cavalry,and a section of Standart's battery, in command of Lieutenant Bennett, forming the rear brigade, commanded by Colonel Startkweather, of the First Wisconsin, acting as brigadier-general-left Pulaski yesterday at 3 p.m., via the Lamb's Ferry road; encamped a few hours 12 miles from Pulaski; made a forced march of 21 miles in six hours; drove in the enemy's pickets, who gave the alarm to the scattered forces in town, who fled in every direction. A portion of the cavalry marched on to Lamb's Ferry, and fired upon a ferry-boat load of the cavalry, which was crossing the river, killing several men and horses. A force on the opposite side of the river then opened a warm fire on our men, wounding 1 trooper, killing 2 horses, and wounding several, when a section of artillery, commanded by Lieutenant Sypher, and the Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Regiment arrived at the river bank. The infantry compelled the rebels to seek shelter in some frame and log dwellings near the river bank. Lieutenant Sypher threw several shells, which exploded in the buildings and over them, dispersing those inside in terror, probably killing a number. He then threw several shells into their wagon train, which they were trying to move from danger. He also fired several shots at the ferry-boat. The ferry-boat, which was on this side, I directed to be burned.

During the march a force of rebel cavalry, estimated at 300, made a demonstration against the train of Colonel Starkweather, who dispersed them with canister and shell. The advance captured 4 scouts, 2 of whom belonged to the First Kentucky.

A portion of the enemy, estimated to be over 900, upon leaving here, took the Elk River road; between 200 and 300 took the road leading to Florence. The others fled in every direction. Scott's cavalry and transportation train crossed the river on the 12th. The rebel force which had been concentrated at this point consisted of seven regiments

