
and battalions of cavalry, under command of Colonel (Acting Brigadier-General) Adams, numbering between 2,000 and 3,000.

I deem it a duty to refer in complimentary terms to the marked efficiency of Colonels Starkweather and Hambright, Major Owsley, Captain Jennings, and Lieutenant Sypher. The endurance and gentlemanly bearing of their respective command deserve especial notice, a large portion of their troops having marched 75 miles in less than three days' time.

While we failed to chastise the enemy, as was expected, we have added another instance of disgraceful flight.

With every consideration of respect, I am, yours, very truly,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General O. M. MITCHEL.

No. 3 Report of Colonel John Adams, C. S. Army, including the operations of his brigade, May 9-30.
HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE,Sweeden's Cove, East Tenn., May 30, 1862.

GENERAL: Having received information from couriers sent by myself that Generals Smith and Evans were moving on Huntsville (and with your permission), I crossed the Tennessee River, with my command, at Lamb's Ferry, on the 9th instant.

Obtaining reliable information that there were large wagon trains on the Pulaski and Elkton turnpike, I marched, on the evening of May 11th, with 850 men, toward Pulaski, but finding there were 2,500 men in Pulaski, I returned in the direction of my camps.

At the forks of the roads, 9 miles from Rogersville, I found General Negley, U. S. Army, with two regiments of infantry, one battery of artillery,and a battalion of cavalry, in possession of the Lamb's Ferry road. His forces were posted in thick timber, infantry on the right, cavalry on the left, and artillery posted on each road. I fell back 2 miles to a good position, to await their attack. After remaining in position all night I ascertained that General Negley had moved rapidly to the river. My force there, about 900 strong, had in the mean time recrossed the river with the wagon train. I therefore fell back slowly to Winchester, causing General Mitchel to concentrate his forces in places which I threatened.

In crossing the Fayetteville turnpike I captured some couriers. From their papers I ascertained that General Mitchel was concentrating his forces on the line of road from Pulaski to Athens, Elkton, and Huntsville, and contemplated the speedy completion of the railroad from Pulaski to connect with the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, at the same time holding the turnpike road through Elkton to Hunstville, and abandoning the upper line entirely.

At Fayetteville, when I passed within 2 miles, there was one regiment of infantry, well fortified against cavalry or infantry. Having no artillery and but little ammunition, I passed without attacking them.

After reaching Winchester, Colonel John A. Wharton, commanding Texan Rangers, manifested an unwillingness to serve under my command, while at the same time he was unwilling to assume the responsibility of the entire command, but wished merely to co-operate. To

