
scouting party east of the town two days since it was ascertained that the only force of the enemy in that quarter is a body of 500 to 600 cavalry about 15 miles southeast.

We need coal very much. Two barges filled with it arrived this morning, but the two gunboats here consume nearly or quite two-thirds of the quantity brought-say 8,000 out of 12,000 bushels.

Our sick list is increasing. As the hospital steamer (City of Memphis) is nearly full, I have ordered her below, to get rid of her freight and then to return.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. F. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ASSISTANT AJDUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters District of West Tennessee, Fort Henry, Tenn.

No. 2. Reports of Brig. Gen. Lewis Wallace, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS, Linton's Farm, March 13, 1862.

SIR: Say to the general that all is right with my division so far. A person this p.m. says Cheatham is on my left, with from 15,000 to 18,000 men, who were marched from Bethel yesterday to occupy Crump's Landing, where we disembarked. He is encamped across a creek now very full from backwater, and last night or this morning destroyed the bridge. I think he is more afraid of me with exaggerated numbers than I am of him. His force, however, must be large, as there was back of Pittsburg about 6,000 troops, who, as stated, were re-enforced from Bethel.

It is now 4.30 p.m. and nothing from my cavalry. I feel a little uneasy about them, and if I have to wait much longer would beg pardon for suggesting the sending up another regiment to occupy the landing, as the enemy can, I am told, throw a bridge across the creek in three hours, and by good roads get into my rear; as another reason, also, the landing, is not good-in fact, it is very difficult-and the gunboat may not be here when wanted. Colonel Thayer's brigade is at Adamsville, about 2 miles from me, watching the enemy at Purdy. I am here with Smith's brigade to check any advance by the road from Pittsburg, namely, at the junction of the Pittsburg and Purdy roads. Both of us are in good position to cover our cavalry. According to information Cheatham is only distant about 4 miles.

Very respectfully,LEW. WALLACE,

General, Commanding Third Division.

Captain McMICHAEL.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,Crump's Landing, March 13, 1862.

SIR: Say to the general that my entire command has returned safely and successfully. Major Hayes has entended his orders by cutting

