
captured as reported, and that a company of infantry sent by the brigade commander had gone forward in pursuit of some cavalry. He rapidly advanced some 2 miles and found them engaged; charged the enemy, and drove them along the ridge road until he met and received three discharges of artillery, when he very properly wheeled under cover and returned till he met me. As soon as I heard artillery I advanced with two regiments of infantry and took position and remained until the scattered companies of infantry and cavalry returned. This was after night.

I infer that the enemy is in some considerable force at Pea Ridge; that yesterday morning they crossed a brigade of two regiments of infantry, one regiment of cavalry, and one battery of field artillery to the ridge on which the Corinth road lays. They halted the infantry and artillery at a point about 5 miles in my front, and sent a detachment to the lane of General Meeks, on the north of Owl Creek, and the cavalry down towards our camps. This cavalry captured a part of our advance pickets and afterwards engaged the two companies of Colonel Buckland's regiment, as described by him in his report, herewith inclosed. Our cavalry drove them back upon their artillery and infantry, killing many and bringing off 10 prisoners (all of the First Alabama Cavalry), whom I send to you.

We lost of the picket: 1 first lieutenant and 7 men of the Seventieth Ohio Infantry, taken prisoners; 1 major, 1 lieutenant, and 1 private of the Seventy-second Ohio taken prisoners, and 8 privates wounded. Names of all embraced in report of Colonel Buckland, inclosed herewith. We took 10 prisoners, and left 2 wounded and many killed on the field.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Captain JOHN A. RAWLINS,

A. A. G., District of West Tennessee.

No. 3. Report of Colonel Ralph P. Buckland, Seventy-second Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH BRIGADE,Camp Shiloh, April 5, 1862.

SIR: I make the following report of the affair of yesterday:

About 2.30 p.m. I went out to the field where Major Crockett was drilling the Seventy-second Regiment. Just as I reached the field quite a brisk firing commenced on the left of our pickets. I directed Major Crockett to march the regiment around that way to camp, and I rode ahead to ascertain what the firing meant. I found that Lieutenant W. H. Herbert, of the Seventieth Ohio Volunteer, and 6 guards under him had been taken prisoners. I sent Lieutenant Geer to inform Colonel Cockerill, and request the colonel to report the fact to General Sherman. Major Crockett had directed Company B, Seventy-second Regiment, to bear off to the right of our picket line as skirmishers. After reaching the house where the guard was I directed the major to take Company H and meet Company B, leaving the balance of the regiment at the house. Lieutenant Geer returned and informed me that General Sherman would sent out 100 cavalry. I returned to camp, supposing that Major Crockett would soon follow me with the regiment. After

