
from above have not arrived as ordered. A great number of desertions; and the enemy captured 4 men this morning, and of course know everything.

JNO. B. VILLEPIGUE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

L. D. McKISSICK.

General RUGGLES, Grenada.

No. 4 Report of Brig. Gen. John B. Villepigue, C. S. Army, with instructions and congratulatory orders from General Beauregard.

FORT PILLOW, June 3, 1862.

SIR: Am ordered to Grenada, to take command, organize, fortify, &amp;c. My troops have all left; am remaining behind to cover their retreat.

My cavalry have not yet arrived from above.

Enemy captured 4 men this morning; fear they understand my situation.

JNumbers B. VILLEPIGUE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding at Grenada.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Corinth, May 28, 1862.

GENERAL: Wishing to take the enemy farther into the interior, where I hope to be able to strike him a severe blow, which cannot be done here, where he is so close to his supplies, I have concluded to withdraw on the 30th instant from this place for the present before can compel me to do so by his superiority of numbers. The evacuation of this place necessarily involves that of your present position, which you have so long and gallantly defended; hence I have this day telegraphed you that whenever the enemy shall have crossed the Hatchie River, at Pocahontas or elsewhere, on their way westward, you will immediately evacuate Fort Pillow for Grenada by the best and shortest route.

Should you, however, consider it necessary for the safety of your command to evacuate Fort Pillow before the enemy shall have crossed the Hatchie, you are left at liberty to do so, having entire confidence in your judgment and ability, not being able to judge from here of your facilities for reaching Grenada. I am of opinion, however, that he will venture slowly and cautiously westward so long as I shall remain within striking distance of him on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad at or about Baldwin. It may be well for you to know that the telegraph communication from there to Memphis will not be completed before a week or ten days.

Whenever you shall be about to abandon the fort you will telegraph the commanding officer at Memphis to burn all the cotton, sugar, &c., in the vicinity of that city, as per my instructions already communicated to him.

You will necessarily destroy all Government property-arms, guns,

