
&amp;c.-that you will not be able to carry off with you; and on arriving at Grenada you will assume immediate command of all troops there assembled, to organize and discipline them. Arms will be furnished you from the depot at Columbus, Miss., should there be any there. You might also throw up some light works [batteries and rifle pits] for the defense of that important position against a small force of the enemy.

I have thought it advisable to give you the above instructions in view of the probability that I may not be able shortly to communicate with you.

Hoping you may continue to meet with success in the defense of our cause and country, I remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

Brig. Gen. J. B. VILLEPIGUE,

Commanding at Fort Pillow, Tenn.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. WESTERN DEPARTMENT,

No. 67. Tupelo, Miss., June 11, 1862.

The commander of the forces calls the attention of the army to the prolonged defense of Fort Pillow by Brig. Gen. John B. Villepigue and the gallant soldiers under his command. The defense was conducted with skill, vigor, and intrepidity. Week after week he and his resolute comrades in arms in open batteries kept back the enemy's superior land and naval forces, and when the purposes and designs of the campaign had been accomplished, under circumstances of difficulty which also attest the ability of the general, he brought off his command in the face of superior numbers with a success equaled only by the brilliancy of his defense. Such devotion to duty is worthy of appreciation and the approval of the country.

By command of General Beauregard:

GEO. WM. BRENT,

Acting Chief of Staff.

JUNE 4, 1862.-Skirmish at Sweeden's Cove, near Jasper, Tenn.

LIST OF REPORTS.

No. 1.-Major General Ormsby M. Mitchel, U. S. Army.

No. 2.-Brig. Gen. James S. Negley, U. S. Army.

No. 3.-Major-General E. Kirby Smith, C. S. Army.

No. 1 Reports of Major-General Ormsby M. Mitchel, U. S. Army.

BOONEVILLE, June 8, 1862.

General Mitchel telegraphs as follows:

June 8.-On Thursday General Negley succeeded in surprising the rebel General Adams, and after a sharp fight routed and scattered the enemy in the wildest disorder, capturing camp, wagons with supplies, and ammunition. The column under General Sill formed a junction with General Negley's column at Jasper. Adams' cavalry fled 43 miles, without stopping at Chattanooga. The enemy were crossing the river at Shell Mound with infantry and artillery. Adams' cavalry turned them back.

MITCHEL.

