
On the 8th he says:

I am ordered by General Halleck to push cars and locomotives across the river at Decatur. This cannot be done until the enemy's troops are driven out. I know their cavalry still remains opposite Lamb's Ferry and along the line of the railway. In my opinion a great struggle will take place for the mastery of the railway from Richmond south to Atlanta.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

Major-General HALLECK.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., June 6, 1862.

An expedition, composed of troops from all those under my command, in charge of General Negley, has driven the enemy under General Adams from Winchester through Jasper back to Chattanooga, utterly routing and defeating them there. Baggage wagons and ammunition, with supplies, have fallen into our hands. On to-morrow morning my troops will be opposite Chattanooga, supported, as I hope, by my new gunboat, the Tennessee. We have broken up a most important enterprise of the enemy, making the occupation of the Chattanooga and Nashville Railroad and the mountain region bordering on the road and the Tennessee River impracticable. A few more troops suffice to relieve Eastern Tennessee. Have you any orders?

O. M. MITCHEL,

Major-General.

Hon. E. M. STANTON.

No. 2 Reports of Brig. Gen. James S. Negley, U. S. Army.

HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES, Sweeden's Cove, East Tenn., June 4, 1862.

SIR: By making a forced march of 20 miles over a rugged and almost impassable mountain road and by capturing the enemy's pickets we succeeded in completely surprising General Adams' command of rebel cavalry encamped at the foot of the mountain. They formed in line and fired upon Colonel Hambright's advance, which we replied to from two pieces of artillery, which had been placed in position unobserved. They retreated through a narrow lane toward Jasper, closely pursued by a portion of Colonel Haggard's Fifth Kentucky Cavalry and Major Wynkoop's battalion of Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry. My escort, commanded by Lieutenants Wharton and Funk, led the charge with reckless daring, dashing into the midst of the enemy, using their sabers with terrible execution. The narrowness of the lane and very broken ground alone prevented the enemy from being totally destroyed. They fled in the wildest disorder, strewing the ground for miles with guns, pistols, and swords. We captured their ammunition and commissary wagons and supplies. The enemy's loss, as far as we could ascertain, was 20 killed and about the same number wounded, among whom is Major Adams, General Adams' brother. We captured 12 prisoners, including 2 commissioned officers, with a large number of horses.

Our loss, which I regret to say was chiefly sustained by my escort, is 2 killed and 7 wounded; several seriously.

