
The troops acted with admirable efficiency. Colonel Hambright, acting brigadier-general, with Colonel Haggard, Major Wynkoop, and Lieutenants Wharton, Funk, Sypher, and Nell, deserve special notice.

Yours, very truly,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General O. M. MITCHELL,

Huntsville, Ala.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES, Four Miles beyond Jasper, June 5, 1862.

SIR: I have just captured 4 men who left Chattanooga this morning. They report the arrival of a portion of General Adams' cavalry, who reached Chattanooga last night. This, with the statements of citizens living along the road, proves the total rout and disgraceful flight of the enemy to Chattanooga, a distance of 43 miles, without stopping. An attempt was made to rally in Jasper, but they cursed General Adams and rushed on with their foaming horses. Hundreds of Union men have flocked into Jasper from the mountains. The enemy, who was crossing the river at Shell Mound, retreated to Chattanooga by rail this morning. Appearances indicate that they will not defend Chattanooga. There were but two regiments at Atlanta, Ga., on Tuesday last. Colonel Starnes' regiment of cavalry avoided meeting us, and are now near Sparta. We will give them attention on our return. I trust you will be able to engage the attention of Starnes until we can overtake him. I shall push on to Chattanooga to-morrow.

JAS. S. NEGLEY,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General O. M. MITCHEL,

Huntsville, Ala.

No. 3 Report of Major-General E. Kirby Smith, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, Tenn., June 5, 1862.

General Leadbetter makes the following report:

General Adams surprised at 3 p.m. yesterday, 12 miles northwest of Jasper, Tenn., by reported force of 4,000 Federals. Confederate killed and missing 100, including General and Major Adams. Enemy in strong detachments yesterday at Stevenson and Bridgeport. Avow descent on Chattanooga. Expected opposite us this afternoon. Our effective force here, 1,330. Can make stand if re-enforcements sent.

I have sent General Leadbetter eight companies [450 men], all the available force I have, with instructions to hold Chattanooga and its approaches as long as possible.

E. KIRBY SMITH,Major-General, Commanding.

General R. E. LEE, Richmond, Va.

