
No. 3 Report of Flag-Officer C. H. Davis, U. S. Navy.

UNITED STATES STEAMER BENTON, Off Memphis, June 6, 1862.

I arrived here last night at 9 o'clock, accompanied by the mortar fleet, under Captain Maynadier. The advance steamers, store-ships, &amp;c., anchored a mile and a half above the city. This morning I discovered the rebel fleet, which had been re-enforced, and now consisted of eight rams and gunboats, lying at the levee. The engagement, which commenced at 5.30 a.m. and ended at 7, terminated in a running fight. I was ably supported by the ram fleet, under command of Colonel Ellet, who was conspicuous for his gallantry, and is seriously, but not dangerously, wounded. The result of the action was the capture or destruction of seven vessels of the rebel fleet, as follow: General Beauregard, blown up and burned; General Sterling Price, one wheel carried away; Jeff. Thompson, set on fire by shell, burned, and magazine blown up; Sumter, badly cut up by shot, but will be repaired; Little Rebel, boiler exploded by shot and otherwise injured, but will be repaired. Besides this, one of the rebel boats was sunk in the beginning of the action. Her name is not known. A boat supposed to be the Van Dorn escaped from the flotilla by her superior speed. Two rams are in pursuit. The officers and crews of the rebel boats endeavored to make the shore. Many of their wounded and prisoners are now in our hands. The mayor surrendered the city to me after the engagement. Colonel Fitch came down at 11 o'clock and has taken military possession.

C. H. DAVIS,

Flag-Officer, Commanding pro tem.

Hon. GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

No. 4 Reports of Col. Charles Ellet,jr., with congratulatory letter from Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War.

OPPOSITE MEMPHIS, June 6 [via Cairo, June 8], 1862.

Rebel gunboats made a stand early this morning opposite Memphis, and opened a vigorous fire upon our gunboats, which was returned with equal spirit. I ordered the Queen, my flag-ship, to pass between the gunboats and run down ahead of them upon the two rams of the enemy, which first boldly stood their ground. Lieutenant-Colonel Ellet, in the Monarch, of which Captain Dryden was first master, followed gallantly. The rebel rams endeavored to back downstream and then to turn and run, but the movement was fatal to them. The Queen struck one of them fairly, and for a few minutes was fast to the wreck. After separating the rebel steamer sunk. My steamer, the Queen, was then herself struck by another rebel steamer and disabled, but though damaged, can be saved. A pistol-shot wound in the leg deprived me of the power to witness the remainder of the fight. The Monarch also passed ahead of our gunboats and went most gallantly into action. She first struck

