
remaining some time I concluded to ride back. When I reached the house Major Crockett had not returned, but constant firing was heard in the direction he had taken. I took about 100 men of Companies A, D, and I, and marched in the direction of the firing, supposing it not to be far off, and that Major Crockett and his men were surrounded by rebel cavalry. We had proceeded some distance when we met some men of Company H, who informed me that Major Crockett was probably taken prisoners, and that Companies B and H were separated. the firing continued, not rapid but pretty regular, which led me to the conclusion that Company B was surrounded and were defending themselves against cavalry. We pushed on at double-quick, notwithstanding the severe storm. I rode some distance ahead of the men, and discovered the enemy, as I supposed, about to make a charge. They charged, and Company B returned the charge, as Captain Raymond has since informed me. My men came up most gallantly and opened a destructive fire upon the enemy, who soon retired to an open space and commenced forming. I had changed the front of my line to correspond, when our cavalry came up the enemy fled. The cavalry pursued, and we followed until it was ascertained that the enemy were in force a short distance ahead, when we returned, in company with the cavalry.

Captain Raymond, Company B, informs me that they had been surrounded by the enemy more than an hour, first by about 100 or 150, and that just before I came up they were re-enforced to about 400, and were all ready to charge when my men commenced firing upon them. Captain Raymond's men fired about 15 rounds. He had with him Adjutant Rawson, Sergeant-Major Engle, Lieutenants Buckland and Fisher, of Company B, and Lieutenant Crary, of the Forty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, who went along from the drill ground, and 41 non-commissioned officers and men. All behaved with great coolness and bravery.

Company H also had a severe fight with rebel cavalry. They were attacked after they had commenced retreating. Major Crockett became separated from the company, and is undoubtedly taken prisoner; also Lieutenant Geer, of the Forty-eighth, who, it seems, joined Crockett after I left for camp. It is not known that any of our men were killed, but Sergts. Andrew Unkle and Philip Fertiz are missing, supposed to be prisoners. I annex a list of wounded and missing.* A considerable number of the enemy were killed both by Company B and the men under my charge. Quite a number of dead bodies were seen as we passed over the ground. The men under my charge took 8 prisoners, and Captain Raymond brought 2 wounded rebels from the field and left them at a house near our line of wounded and missing.*

List of wounded and missing in Seventy-second Regiment Ohio Volunteers:

 Wounded.	 Missing.

Officers	 ----	 1

Non-commissioned officers	 ----	 1

Enlisted men	 8	 1

Total	 8	 3

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

