
when the assembly sounds, and when formed will remain in ranks for orders.

Upon the landing of the boat sentinels will be placed to prevent any one from going on shore, either soldier, citizen, or officer, without orders.

Any enlisted man attempting to go on shore without orders will be severely punished, and any officer making the attempt will be arrested and sent up the river.

When we march on shore, any man found straggling from the ranks or plundering will be immediately shot.

This order will be read at the head of every company of this command.

G. N. FITCH,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS INDIANA BRIGADE, Memphis, June 7, 1862.

The undersigned, with the troops under his command, has taken military possession of this city in the name of the Government of the United States, for the purpose of asserting the supremacy of the Constitution and laws of the Union and restoring peace, protecting public and privates property and the lives of citizens.

Residents who may have fled from their homes are exhorted to return. Merchants and others who have abandoned their business are requested to reopen their stores and shops, excepting those dealing in intoxicating liquors, who are forbidden to resume that traffic under penalty of having the stock immediately destroyed.

The mayor and common council will continue in the exercise of their municipal functions, the military authorities simply co-operating with them in enforcing all proper ordinances, unless some exigency arises rendering it imperative to place the city under martial law. It is hoped and believe, however, nothing will occur to render this step necessary. Certainly no act of this command shall afford any pretext for the citizens placing themselves in that position.

Capt. John H. Gould, Forty-sixth Indiana Volunteers, will act as provost-marshal until further orders. Major John C. Major, Forty-third Indiana, will have command of the pickets and patrols.

G. N. FITCH,Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

No. 6 Report of Brig. Gen. M. Jeff. Thompson, Missouri State Guard.

GRENADA, MISS., June 7, 1862.

GENERAL: I am under the painful necessity of reporting to you the almost entire destruction of the River Defense Fleet in the Mississippi River in front of Memphis. I regret that I have to state I think the misfortune was occasioned by a misapprehension of orders or misinformation as to the surrounding circumstances.

The evacuation of Fort Pillow was, from all accounts, well and orderly conducted, after once determined upon, by some means my men were sent to Memphis on a transport instead of being placed on the gunboats.

