
No. 7 Report of Brig. Gen. Daniel Ruggles, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS, Grenada, June 6, 1862.

Memphis surrendered to the enemy at 10 o'clock yesterday morning. Six of Montgomery's gunboats were destroyed by the enemy in front of the city and two escaped.

I have just returned from Memphis. All public supplies were removed.

DANIEL RUGGLES,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Mississippi Valley, Baldwin, Miss.

JUNE 6, 1862.-Skirmish near Tompkinsville, Ky.

LIST OF REPORTS.

No. 1.-Col. Edward C. Williams, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

No. 2.-Major Thomas J. Jordan, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

No. 1 Report of Col. Edward C. Williams, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS, Bowling Green, Ky., June 13, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to orders received from you per telegraph, 6th instant, to proceed to Clinton County, Kentucky, for the purpose of clearing that section of marauding bands, I left Bowling Green that evening [Friday, 6th instant], at 6 o'clock, with five companies of my command.

On my arrival at Glasgow next morning at daybreak I learned that Captain McCullough, with 60 men, had been attacked on this side of Celina by 180 mounted men, under Hamilton. Captain McCullouhg was killed and 4 men seriously wounded; 2 horses killed. One of the men will probably die. Lieutenant Longsdorf, who succeeded Captain McCullough in command, routed the rebel force; but finding re-enforcements were coming to support them, thought it prudent to fall back to Tompkinsville and there await an attack.

I deemed it my duty to proceed to the assistance of Major Jordan, who, with three companies, was in pursuit of Hamilton.

Arriving at Tompkinsville on the evening of the 7th instant, I learned from reliable sources that the citizens had driven this marauding band from Clinton County, and that a number of Hamilton's and Ferguson's men had been wounded. I spoke to the gentleman who dressed their wounds. Hearing that this marauding band had taken refuge in Celina, I directed Major Jordan to join me at McMillen's Ferry, at Turkey Neck Bend. Being able to carry over but 6 horses at one time, I was detained until dark crossing the Cumberland River.

The next morning I marched for Celina, and owing to the late rains was obliged to cross Obey River 6 miles from its mouth.

