
I reached Celina at 4 o'clock on Monday afternoon, and ordered three companies to charge into the town, while I held the remaining six companies in reserve to cut off the retreat of the rebels to the hills. Hamilton had received notice of our approach thirty minutes before, and with his band had scattered among the hills and rocks in places inaccessible to mounted troops. I, however, succeeded in capturing 4 of his men, who gave their names Samuel Granville, Smith Butler, Tipton T. C. Settle, and William Henry Harrison Peterman. Against the last of these there is an indictment in Monroe County for murder. He has been the dread of the whole neighborhood, and next to Hamilton is the most important and dangerous man in that region. The others are very bad men, and were recognized as active men of Hamilton's band through the whole route to this place. There were no men in Celina except those we captured, and they made desperate attempts to escape.

I ordered Major Jordan to Butler's Landing the same evening, with directions to scour the country. He discovered the property captured by Morgan from steamer John A. Fisher, as well as some Confederate stores, and, having no means of transportation, destroyed them by throwing them into the river. He also captured Hamilton's celebrated race-horse.

Returning to Tompkinsville, I found the citizens much in dread of an attack from the predatory bands said to be marching into Overton County, and ordered Major Jordan to remain there with three companies and patrol the country as far as Cumberland River, and Lieutenant O'Grady to remain with 20 men at Glasgow.

For further particulars of Major Jordan's transactions I refer to his report, inclosed.

I am much in want of some new horses. Several dropped dead on the road from exhaustion, or were left behind, too much worn-out to be moved any farther. I captured several from the rebels at Celina.

If I were ordered with my whole regiment after I get carbines and horses into the neighborhood of Tompkinsville, I feel confident that I can be of great service in driving out the robbers and restoring peace and quiet to that afflicted district.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. WILLIAMS,

Colonel, Commanding Lochiel Cavalry.

Brig. Gen. J. T. BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.

No. 2 Reports of Major Thomas J. Jordan, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

GLASGOW, KY., June 6, 1862.

SIR: I have just received information from Lieutenant Longsdorf, Company I, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, that Captain McCullough was this morning attacked by Hamilton, Morgan, and Co. with about 200 men; that they drove the enemy before them, but that Captain McCullough and 4 men were badly wounded. After the fight the lieutenant retired to Tompkinsville, where he is now awaiting re-enforcements. I marched with my whole command-two companies of the

