
Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry-to his relief, and will push the enemy to the wall, if possible. Would it not be well for Colonel Williams, at Bowling Green, to send two companies toward Tompkinsville to re-enforce me if I need them? Major Brown, who is here, will write more fully.

Yours, truly,

THOS. J. JORDAN,

Major, Commanding Post.

Brig. Gen. J. T. BOYLE.

HEADQUARTERS, Tompkinsville, Ky., June 11, 1862.

GENERAL: Agreeably to instructions [handed me at Scottsville during my march to Glassgow] from Colonel Duffield, commanding forces in Kentucky, I dispatched Capt. Hugh W. McCullough, with Company I, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, upon a scout, directing him to divide his command into two parties-the one to be commanded by himself, and the other by Lieutenant Longsdorf-and to move by different routes, along and near the Tennessee line, toward Tompkinsville, and to form a junction of the two commands at or near Jamestown, and to rejoin my command at Glasgow within four days.

In conformity to my orders, the captain and lieutenant marched to perform the duties assigned them on the evening of June 4, and formed the junction as directed in my order on the following day, and immediately marched toward Centerville, in the direction of Tompkinsville and Celina, and on the night of the 5th encamped on the farm of a Mr. Moore, about 8 miles from and to the south of Tompkinsville.

On the morning of the 6th, just as they were about leaving camp, his pickets were driven in by a party of men under the command of Captain Hamilton, Lieutenant McMillan, with McHenry's men, and Captain Eaton, numbering in all about 125 men. They were drawn up in a deep wood and protected by the bushes and trees. Captain McCullough at once formed his men and boldly charged the enemy. They were met by a discharge of double-barreled shot-guns loaded with ball and buck-shot; but no one was killed or wounded by this discharge. They continued to advance till stopped by the thick bushes, when they opened upon the enemy at 15 paces distance with their Colt's revolvers. Immediately after the action began Captain McCullough was mortally wounded, and in about four hours died. The command devolved upon Lieutenant Longsdorf, and within fifteen minutes he entirely routed the enemy, scattering them in every direction, pursuing them for about half a mile, when he was met by a professed Union man, who informed him that re-enforcements were reaching the enemy, and forming in the rear of a brick church, some 2 miles in his front. This information determined him [as his force was reduced to 50 men] to fall back upon and defend Tompkinsville till information could reach me and I could re-enforce him.

On the information reaching me at Glasgow, about 8 o'clock on Friday night, I at once marched for Tompkinsville [27 miles], which I reached at 7 o'clock on Saturday morning, and with Lieutenant Longsdorf's command marched upon Bennett's Ferry for the purpose of crossing the Cumberland River and driving the enemy from their strongholds

