
at and near Celina. Upon approaching the ferry I found that the late rains had raised the river and that the fording was impassable and that the flat-boats were upon the opposite side. Seeing some persons upon the opposite bank, I called over, asking that the boats be brought to the side I occupied. I was at once replied to by a volley from a party concealed in the bushes on the opposite bank. Having but few carbines and no ammunition to spare in a useless contest, I withdrew my men and determined to march for Tompkinsville, where I could support my command till the river would fall or I be able to pass it at some other ferry. I encamped that night near the field of battle of the previous day, when I received a dispatch from Colonel Williams, stating that he was at Tompkinsville with six companies, and to join him in the morning at McMillen's Ferry, on Turkey Neck Bend. I reached the ferry about 10 o'clock, having marched 14 miles, over the most broken country, on sheep and cow paths, when I found Colonel Williams. I at once, by his direction, marched my forces about 2 miles down the river, where we got a large boat, and by 6 o'clock in the evening my whole command was across the river, where I went into camp for the night with Colonel Williams' command.

In the action on the morning of the 6th Captain McCullough was the only man killed and 3 are very badly wounded and 2 slightly. the 3 badly wounded men are now at a house, where they are carefully attended, near the battle-field. Lieutenant Longsdorf captured 2 horses and 4 shot-guns and 4 pistols, left by the enemy on their retreat.

On the morning of the 10th, by command of Colonel Williams, I took the two companies and proceeded from Celina to Bennett's Ferry, for the purpose of crossing the river at that point. While at the ferry I captured and destroyed 20 boxes of army bread, 10 barrels of the same, 2 barrels of sugar, 100 bags of wheat, and 23 hogsheads of tobacco, which I destroyed by throwing them into the river. They are the remainder of the property captured some two months ago by the rebels from the steamboat John A. Fisher while passing that point on her way to Nashville.

By command of Colonel Williams I have just dispatched an officer to Glasgow to bring my wagons, tents, &amp;c., to this place, where I am to remain with my command till further orders.

Yours, truly,

THOS. J. JORDAN,

Major, Comdg. Third Battalion Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Brigadier-General BOYLE.

JUNE 7, 1862.-Skirmish at Readyville, Tenn.

Report of Col. J. W. Starnes, Third Tennessee Cavalry.

LOUDON, TENN., June 18, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that about the 1st of this month I crossed the Cumberland Mountains with 300 men of my regiment, a section of Captain Kain's battery of artillery, and 80 men under command of Major Estes. In accordance with arrangements made with Colonels Adams and Davis, I moved from Hulbert's Cove to form a junction with them at or near Rutledge's, some 4 miles from Cowen's Depot. On arriving at the point designated I found the enemy passing

