
up the mountain with a force of about 4,500 men, under command of General Negley. Believing I could form a junction with Colonels Adams and Davis at Jasper before the enemy could reach that point, I recrossed the mountain at night by way of Tracy City. On reaching Tracy City I learned the enemy were already in possession of Jasper, and my command would be entirely cut off from Chattanooga before I could possibly reach there. I determined to shape my course toward McMinnville, by way of Altamont, which I did.

On reaching a point some 6 or 8 miles from McMinnville I learned that a body of the enemy's cavalry were at that place. I immediately moved forward with Captains Thompson's, McLemore's, and D. W. Alexander's companies, overtaking the enemy in Readyville, about 12 miles east of Murfreesborough, capturing 68, killing 8 of their number, and wounding others. I brought the prisoners to the Sparta road, where I thought it expedient to parole them. The party captured was composed of parts of Colonel Wynkoop's Pennsylvania regiment, Fourth Kentucky, and about 14 of Andrew Johnson's body guard, under the command of Captain Ulkhout. The greater portion of the men captured were greatly rejoiced at the idea of being paroled, getting home, and quitting a service with which they were disgusted.

I am gratified to report to the commanding general that during the expedition all the officers and men of my command performed their duty well, and, although arduous, without a murmur.

In making this report I would beg leave to bring to the notice of the commanding general Private Whitset, of Captain McLemore's company, who acted on one occasion with great gallantry and skill in killing at one shot three of the enemy and a fourth man with the other barrel of his shot-gun.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. STARNES,

Colonel, Commanding Third Tennessee Cavalry.

JUNE 7, 1862.-Capture of Jackson, Tenn.

Report of Major-General John A. McClernand, U. S. Army.

BETHEL, June 8, 1862.

The detachment from my command, consisting of the Thirtieth Illinois, Colonel Dennis, General Logan's division, and part of the Seventy-eighth Ohio, Colonel Leggett, General Wallace's division, seized Jackson yesterday at 3.15 o'clock p.m., putting a rebel force to flight, taking their dinner, a number of animals, and a quantity of commissary and quartermaster's stores. The detachment is also in possession of both depots and telegraph office.

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General.

Major-General HALLECK.

