
JUNE 7-8, 1862.-Attack on Chattanooga, Tenn.

LIST OF REPORTS.

No. 1.-Major-General Ormsby M. Mitchel, U. S. Army.

No. 2.-Brig. Gen. James S. Negley, U. S. Army.

No. 3.-Col. Henry A. Hambright, Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry.

No. 4.-Major-General E. Kirby Smith, C. S. Army.

No. 1 Report of Major-General Ormsby M. Mitchel, U. S. Army.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., June 10, 1862.

Yours received. The officers are ordered to remain on duty. The boat to cross locomotives will be ready on Friday. We are rebuilding the bridges on the Decatur and Nashville road; there remains a gap of 32 miles. The expedition to Chattanooga was a complete success. General Negley could not cross, but drove the rebels out of town, and General Kirby Smith came from Knoxville and was in the second day's fight. He brought with him sever or eight regiments, but they all left. General Negley is on the march to McMinnville, at which point the rebels are said to have a camp. An expedition under General Dumont will co-operate and will advance from Murfreesborough.

O. M. MITCHEL.

Major-General HALLECK.

No. 2 Reports of Brig. Gen. James S. Negley, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Before Chattanooga, Tenn., June 7, 1862-10 a.m.

SIR: Yesterday morning moved Colonel Sill's command direct to Shell Mound, to divert the enemy opposite that point; also prevent them from crossing. Colonel Sill found two pieces of artillery in position and opened upon it without reply. As I expected, they threw heavy re-enforcements to that point last night, expecting the attack to be made there. Colonel Scott and Captain Shaeffer's Pennsylvania cavalry were sent from Jasper by a path through the mountain, which resulted in surprising and capturing the enemy's pickets at the ferry and preventing the further retreat of Adams'

men over the river. My main force came by Anderson's road. Colonel Scribner's command is occupying an important point, which I omit alluding to, except by saying that it is for the benefit of Starnes and his cavalry, who are now at Altamont.

We captured a large number of rebel cavalry pickets and scouts; also a large quantity of contraband stores. The Union people are wild with joy, while the rebels are panic-stricken. Colonel Morgan is in Chattanooga; also General Adams. The enemy's force there is about 3,000, with ten pieces of artillery. The gunboat has not been heard from as yet; we are looking for it this morning. Two steamboats have left Chattanooga for Knoxville. We shall soon need supplies. Can we get them from Bellefonte or Stevenson? Will send you further news this evening.

JAS. S. NEGLEY,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General O. M. MITCHEL, Huntsville, Ala.

