
Lieutenant Geer, of the Forty-eighth, acting aide, is missing. I have not received the names of the missing men of the Seventieth Ohio Volunteers.

Your obedient servant,

R. P. BUCKLAND,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Brigade.

WILLIAM T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Fifth Division.

No. 4. Report of Major Elbridge G. Ricker, Fifth Ohio Cavalry.
HDQRS. SECOND BATT., FIFTH REGIMENT OHIO VOL. CAV.,Pittsburg, Tenn., April 4, [?]1862.

In accordance with the order issued to me at 2.30 p.m of said day (to proceed with 150 men to look for Major Crockett, a lieutenant, and 5 or 6 men,who had wandered outside the pickets and were supposed to be lost or captured) we reached the pickets about 3.30 o'clock, and learned that Colonel Buckland was out with two companies of infantry. We moved on for about 2 miles, when we heard considerable firing on our right. Knowing the ground, I at once ordered two the rear, while I moved against his flank with two other companies. We found a large cavalry force slowly retiring before Colonel Buckland and his command. There is a strip of fallen timber at this point that retarded our movements very much for a short time. As soon as our men were clear of this obstacle they dashed on to the enemy, scattering them in every direction and pursuing them some 300 or 400 yards. When passing the brow of a hill our advance was opened on by three or four pieces of artillery, at least two regiments of infantry, and a large cavalry force. So near was our advance to this line of battle of the enemy that one of our men was carried within the enemy's lines by his horse and captured, while another shot one of their gunners down at his gun. Two of our men lost their carbines at this point. I then ordered my command to fall back about 200 yards, bringing a piece of high ground between us and the enemy.

Colonel Buckland coming up at this time with his command, we formed and retired in good order, bringing off 9 prisoners. Not less than 20 of the enemy were left dead; also a number of horses were killed and wounded, among which was the horses of the lieutenant-colonel of the First Alabama Cavalry. We brought off his saddle and equipments.

I must return thanks to officers and men for the manner in which they conducted themselves in presence of a force at least ten times their number.

I acknowledge God's mercy in protecting our men under the terrible fire poured upon us by the enemy in the opening fight of the great battle of Pittsburg.

Nine wounded prisoners were brought in at night, making in all 18.

E. G. RICKER,

Major Second Battalion, Fifth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

Co. W. H. H. TAYLOR.

