HEADQUARTERS, Before Chattanooga, June 8, 1862-8 a.m.

SIR: I have no tidings of the gunboat. It is almost impossible to construct sufficient pontoons to cross the river in force. I do not consider the capture of Chattanooga as very difficult or hazardous, if we were prepared to do it and then hold the place; but taking into consideration the exposed condition of both front and rear of our lines to Pittsburg Landing; a long line of communication over a hardly passable road; the liability of a rise of the streams we have to ford, some of them being now 3 feet deep, with rough bottoms; our limited supplies, and the fact that our expedition has accomplished all we expected to do, has determined me to retire the forces, taking different routes, so as to drive Starnes to Knoxville. I shall make another demonstration against Chattanooga this morning, during which time the trains will be descending the mountain. Colonel Turchin's command may be expected via Bellefonte.

Yours, very truly,JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General O. M. MITCHEL,

Huntsville, Ala.

SHELBYVILLE, TENN., June 12, 1862.

Our expedition into East Tennessee has proved successful. We are returning with 80 prisoners, including a number of prominent officers. Also captured a drove of cattle and a large quantity of horses intended Sweeden's Cove was much more complete than reported. He escaped without sword, hat, or horse. We silenced the enemy's batteries at Chattanooga on the evening of the 7th after a fierce cannonading of three hours.

We opened on the 8th at 9 a.m. and continued six hours upon the town and rifle pits, driving the enemy out and forcing him to abandon his works and evacuate the city. They burned several railroad bridges to prevent pursuit. The Union people in East Tennessee are wild with joy. They meet us along the roads by hundreds. I shall send you a number of their principal persecutors from Sequatchie Valley.

Yours, very truly,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Brigadier-General.

Governor ANDREW JOHNSON.

No. 3 Report of Col. Henry A. Hambright, Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES, Before Chattanooga, Tenn., June 8, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the forces under my command continued their march over the Cumberland Mountains, arriving before Chattanooga on the 7th after a long and tedious march. After a short

