
rest, in accordance with your order my command was thrown forward to reconnoiter in force. We found the enemy on the opposite side of the Tennessee River, well intrenched behind earthworks close to the river bank and on the top of the hill, preparing to dispute our crossing the river at this point. The artillery, under the command of Lieutenant Sypher, First Ohio, and Lieutenant Nell, First Kentucky, was placed in position; also the Seventy-ninth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Major Mellinger commanding, one company and a detachment of which were thrown forward to the river bank to act as sharpshooters to pick off the enemy's gunners, the balance of the regiment being reserved for the support of the batteries. The Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, Colonel Haggard, and the Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, Major Wynkoop, were thrown to the roar, under cover and out of range of the enemy's guns, to cover the flanks and to protect the rear. Our line being formed and our sharpshooters being within 400 yards of the enemy's intrenchments, but a very short time elapsed before the infantry of the enemy opened fire upon our advance. Immediately afterward their batteries opened upon us with one 24-pounder, one 18-pounder, and four small pieces. Our batteries promptly returned their fire, and the cannonading was kept up briskly for five hours, silencing their batteries, causing them to beat a hasty retreat and to evacuate the town, taking with them their commissary stores, and destroying in their flight two railroad bridges, &amp;c.

From sources which appear reliable, the enemy's loss was 100 killed and wounded and 18 prisoners taken on this side of the river.

Our shells did terrible execution in the town, completely destroying many buildings, among others their commissary depot.

I have to report one man wounded of the Seventy-ninth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers as the only casualty that occurred.

We resumed the cannonading on the 8th, which was kept up for three hours, and not receiving a reply, I withdrew my forces.

The officers and men under my command behaved nobly, and I compliment them for their steadiness under a galling fire and for the alacrity displayed in obeying every command.

The above is respectfully submitted.

H. A. HAMBRIGHT,

Colonel Seventy-ninth Pa. Vols., Comdg. U. S. Forces.

Brig. Gen. J. S. NEGLEY,

Comdg. Division U. S. Forces.

No. 4 Reports of Major-General E. Kirby Smith, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, Tenn., June 8, 1862.

The enemy opposite Chattanooga in considerable force. Opened yesterday at 5 p.m. with 4 1/2-inch Parott guns. Firing ceased at noon to-day. Boats on the river secured. Mitchel is reported re-enforced from Corinth, and is acting in concert with General Morgan from Kentucky. His plans not yet developed. My little force in position to be concentrated, but entirely inadequate to hold the department.

E. KIRBY SMITH,Major-General, Commanding.

Capt. W. H. TAYLOR,

A. A. G., Richmond, Va.

