
on the ground where the charge was begun, but the enemy did not advance. Shortly afterward I was ordered by General Breckinridge to the rear of his infantry and artillery.

I suppose 40 or 50 of the enemy were killed on the ground and doubtless many more were wounded. We captured 43 prisoners. My loss was 2 killed [Champion and Earnest] and 7 wounded, among them Captain [G.] Cook, Lieutenants [H. E.] Storey and Gordon; none mortally. Private Ash is missing.

I cannot state the loss of the companies co-operating with me. Colonel Forrest I learn, was slightly wounded.

The Rangers acted throughout the affair with admirable coolness and courage. I cannot say more than that they fully sustained the ancient fame of the name they bear; they could not do more. I cannot discriminate between them, because each one displayed a heroism worthy of the cause we are engaged for.

Very respectfully,

THOS. HARRISON,

Major, Commanding Texas Rangers.

Col. J. A. WHARTON.

MAY 9, 1862.-Engagement at Farmington, Miss.

Report of Capt. David Provence, Arkansas Battery.

CAMP, NEAR CORINTH, MISS., May 10, 1862.

GENERAL: The following is respectfully submitted as a report of the movements of my battery connected with the attack on Farmington on the 9th instant:

On the evening of the 8th one section of my battery was ordered with Colonel Embry's regiment, the remainder to move with your brigade, which it did. On the morning of the 9th my orders were substantially to follow the brigade until near the scene of action, then to make myself useful wherever I could. Accordingly I kept with your command as closely as the nature of the ground would permit, and when near the scene of the engagement passed the brigade on the left flank and reached the front in time to witness a charge of the enemy's cavalry on one of our batteries. This charge was promptly and gallantly repulsed by that battery [I have since learned it was Robertson's]. I soon placed my guns in battery on its right, but not soon enough to assist it in what it individually accomplished. From this point we advanced through fields until, when approaching a thick undergrowth, we, together with others in the field, received a volley of small-arms. At the same time I observed to our right and front a small body of cavalry. The battery opened fire upon them, using shell, when they almost instantly retired.

I cannot omit here mentioning that Captain [William] Hart, late of Hart's battery, desired and was permitted to act as gunner at one of the howitzers, where, if report be true, he served with considerable effect.

I am, sir, your, &amp;c.,

D. PROVENCE,

Captain, Light Artillery, C. S. Army.

General T. J. CHURCHILL,

Commanding Second Brigade, Army of the West.

