
Artillery Brigade.

[February.]-Three of the batteries accompanied the corps in the late movements to Hatcherse's Run, and remained in position on the new ground until the 25th.

February 25.-They were relieved and two batteries sent to do the duty. With this exception no new movements has been made by the command, the old camp having been preserved and three batteries kept on the Ninth Corps front in turn, as heretofore.

March 29.-No event of importance transpired previous to this date, when five batteries (B, Fourth United States, D and G, Fifth United States, B, D, and H, First New York) broke camp and accompanied the infantry of the corps. Battery B, Fourth United States, participated in the engagements of the 29th and 30th, on the Quaker and Boydton roads.

March 30 and 31.-Batteries D and G, Fifth United States, were also engaged in the same locality.

March 31.-[Battery] H, First New York, was also engaged near the Boydton plank road, as was also Battery D, First New York Artillery.

May 1.-The five batteries reported present were en route from Nottoway Court-House to Richmond, via Petersburg, Va.

May 4.-Arrived at Richmond.

May 6.-Resumed march to Washington, via Hanover Court-House, Bowling Green, Fredericksburg, and Fairfax Court-House.

May 12.-Arrived at Washington. Since that date the command has been encamped, with main body of the corps, on Columbia turnpike, about three miles from Washington City.

SIXTH ARMY CORPS.

January.-No change of camp during the month.

[February.]-The corps remained in camp until the night of the 5th instant.

February 5.-The Third Division was ordered to move to Hatcher's Run and report to Major-General Humphreys, commanding Second Corps.

February 6, 7, and 8.-This division [First] participated in the engagements at Dabney's Mill.

February 9.-Returned to camp.

February 7.-Pursuant to instructions contained in circular afro headquarters Army of the Potomac (same date), a new disposition of the lines was effected, the corps now occupying the front line from Fort Howard, on the right, to Fort Gregg, on the left, inclusive. With these exceptions, no other events worthy of record occurred.

March 1 to 25.-Remained in camp near Petersburg, nothing unusual or worth of record taking place until the morning of the 25th.

March 25.-The enemy made a desperate assault on a portion of the Ninth Corps front, gaining a temporary advantage, at which time the First Division was ordered to the support of that corps, but before it arrived at the point of attack the enemy had been repulsed and the lost ground regained. As soon as its services were no longer needed the division was ordered back. In the afternoon of the same day an attack was made on the entrenched picket-line the enemy, in front of the corps, which was carried and held, some 650 prisoners being captured; not, however, without a desperate fight, in which the corps lost a considerable number of officers and men.

March 27.-Sharp picket-firing. At night the enemy regained one point of the line taken on the 25th. It was not thought advisable, however, to make any strenuous exertions to retake it.

