
Numbers 140. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph C. Hill, Sixth Maryland Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTH REGIMENT MARYLAND VOLUNTEERS,April 16, 1865

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit the following detailed report of the operations of this command from the storming of the enemy's works south of Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865, to the 13th instant, when the corps arrived at this place and encamped;

On the morning of the 2nd instant we filed out of our main works and formed the center of the first battle line of the Second Brigade, the One hundred and tenth Ohio Volunteers, on our right and the One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, on our left. At our about 5 a.m. the command to advance was given, and the line moved forward, completely routing and capturing the entire picket-line of the enemy in our front, after which this command dashed forward and succeeded in planting the first colors on the enemy's works in our front, supported for some minutes by a small band, consisting of six officers and about twenty men, during which time Major C. K. Prentiss, Captain Thomas Ocker, First Lieutenant Thomas Duff, and Second Lieutenant Thomas H. Goldsborough were severely wounded. The regiment being formed, we charged straight down the enemy's works, capturing many prisoners and assisted in capturing a battery of four guns, which were immediately turned upon capturing a battery of four guns, which were immediately turned upon the flying foe. The colors of the above-named battery were surrendered to First Lieutenant Samuel W. Angel, of this command. We then charged the second battery, and, in conjunction with parts of many different commands, succeeded in driving the enemy from their guns, but being unsupported were driven from their works, after a stubborn resistance, and were compelled to fall back to the battery being worked by a detachment of the Ninth New York Artillery. During this temporary reverse First Lieutenant Samuel W. Angel was mortally wounded while attempting to rally his men. We again formed, with other portions of the brigade, and retook the above-named battery. While forming the line for this charge First Lieutenant A. F. Rittenhouse was severely wounded in the leg. Our total loss during this engagement was, 6 officers wounded, 3 enlisted men killed, and 19 enlisted men wounded.

I take great pleasure in calling attention to the gallant and meritorious conduct of both officers and men of this command on that momentous occasion. I cannot close this report without calling your attention to the gallant and meritorious conduct of the following-named officers and soldiers on that occasion; Major C. K. Prentiss, Adjt. J. L. Mahan, Captain John J. Bradshaw, they being the first officers in the enemy's works; also Captain John G. Simpers, Captain Thomas Ocker, First Lieutenant Thomas Duff, First Lieutenant Samuel W. Angel, First Lieutenant Charles G. Feichtner, First Lieutenant A. F. Rittenhouse, Second Lieutenant Thomas H. Goldsborough, Second Lieutenant O. H. P. Mathias; also Color-Sergt. Daniel Tatum, Company I, Color-Corpl. William J. Brown, Company K, Color-Corpl. Jesse Arnold, Company C, for planting the first colors on the enemy's works; First Sergt. Samuel Kearney, Company I, for picking up the State colors after Corporal Brown was wounded and planting them on the enemy's fort; Private Alexander Burleigh, Company B, for shooting down a rebel engaged in hand-to-hand combat with Captain John J. Bradshaw. There are many other instances of courage and bravery displayed by the offices and men of this command, but time and space will not permit of noticing them.

