
WWe then formed with our brigade and moved to the right of our line and took position; remained in line until the morning of the 3rd, when we took up line of march with our gallant corps in pursuit of the fleeing enemy.

On the afternoon of the 6th instant, after a hard days' march, found the enemy at Sailor's Creek. This command, in connection with the One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, charged the enemy's skirmish line and drove them through the swamp across the creek, capturing a number of prisoners. We then formed for the grand charge in rear of the First Division of our corps. The command forward was given, and we plunged into the swamp, driving the enemy before us. For a short time there was a temporary reverse, owing to a portion of the line of the First Division breaking, and several of this command were captured by the enemy, including myself, but, owing to the cavalry getting in the rear of the enemy, we succeeded in escaping, capturing our captors and bringing them into our lines. The prisoners thus captured were 5 field officers, several line officers, and about 150 men. In this engagement we lost, in killed none, 4 enlisted men wounded.

I take great pleasure in calling attention to the distinguished bravery of the following-named officers and soldiers during this engagement: Captain John J. Bradshaw, Adjt. Joseph L. Mahan, Captain John G. Simpers, Captain Charles A. Damuth, First Lieutenant Charles G. Feichtner, First Lieutenant Nelson McDowell, Second Lieutenant O. H. P. Mathias; also Color-Sergt. Daniel Tatum, Color-Corpl. Jesse Arnold, Sergt. Major Frederick Boltze, Corpl. John Traver, Corpl. William Freeze, Corpl. Joseph Baxter, Private Peter Staup, Private Josiah E. Willhide, Company D, Sergt. John E. Buffington, Company C, First Sergt. John D. Hall, Company B, Corpl. Henry Clinton, Company F, Sergt. Peter Stone, Company I, Privates Samuel F. Barrett, Albert T. Gregg, and Nathan Tyson, Company G-for unsurpassed bravery in rushing forward into the enemy's lines and capturing many prisoners. In fact, the entire command behaved in a manner worthy of praise and admiration.

After our brigade was formed we rested for the night near the scene of our great conquest.

On the morning of the 7th took up line of march with our corps in pursuit of the enemy, nothing of importance transpiring until the afternoon of the 9th, when the Army of Northern Virginia surrendered to Lieutenant-General Grant, near Appomattox Court-House. We remained in camp rejoicing over our brilliant series of victories until the evening of the 10th, when we were ordered to guard the ammunition train back to Burkville Station, at which place we arrived on the morning of the 13th instant and went into camp.

In conclusion, allow me to say I am proud of the little band I have the honor to command, and I am sure the State and country at large has reason to be proud of such a brave and noble set of men.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully,

J. C. HILL,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Sixth Regiment Maryland Volunteers.

Captain W. L. SHAW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

