
No. 141. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel James W. Snyder, Ninth New York Heavy Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH NEW YORK ARTILLERY,April 8, 1865.

I have the honor to report the part taken by the Ninth New York Artillery int he action of the 2nd of April to be as follows:

We moved out of camp at 12 o'clock midnight to the rear of the picket-line of the Third Division and halted, the regiment forming the second line. At 4 o'clock the order to advance was given, and we moved forward under a galling fire of artillery. As we moved toward the enemy's works we left obliqued, and entered the fort in front of the left of the Third Division line, being the first to enter the work, capturing four guns, which were immediately brought to bear on the retreating foe with great [effect]. The guns were manned by men and officers of the regiment, and they handled them with great skill. We wheeled to the left and swept down the right of the rebel line, charging across a deep swamp, then wading to their breasts, and carried another fort, capturing two guns. The rebels rallied and charged upon us and drove us across the swamp again, where we held them for some time. The artillery, under charge of Major William Wood, of the regiment, dismounted one of the pieces at the first fire, which left them but one gun, which was soon silenced, when we charged again across the swamp and captured a great many prisoners. We moved on down the enemy's line for a couple of miles, when we were halted and formed, then moved down the left of the enemy's line toward Petersburg, before which we reached about 3 a.m.

To mention individual instances of bravery displayed in the battle by any single individual would be but doing injustice to others. Both officers and men did their whole duty, without a single exception; but I must speak of the field officers of my command in the highest terms: Major William Wood performed his duty nobly in urging the men forward to the assault, and, after carrying the works, in turning the enemy's guns upon the with felling effect; Major A. S. Wood was active in urging the men forward; also, Bvt. Major S. B. Lamoreaux performed his duty well. The line officers all behaved themselves nobly; so [did] the whole command. Lieuts. Guy A. Brown and Bigelow were wounded while charging upon the enemy's works at the head of the command. They should receive honorable mention for their gallantry.

Very respectfully,

JAS. W. SNYDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. L. SHAW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH NEW YORK ARTILLERY,April 15, 1865.

I have the honor to report the following to be the part taken by the Ninth New York Artillery in the action at Sailor's Creek, April 6:

The regiment was formed in the second line, and advanced through a wood in good order. After clearing the wood it made a right wheel and moved forward about 200 yards, when it made a left half-wheel. At

