
this time I was ordered to charge a battery that was in our immediate front in a piece of wood, which was firing shot and shell with great rapidity. We moved forward on the double-quick, and soon forced the battery to limber up and retire. They planted the battery again in a piece of woods across an open field and opened on us with a heavy fire, but our advance across the field caused it to again limber to the rear. The men were completely exhausted, having marched some eighteen miles, and receiving no rest before entering into action; if they had been fresh, we should have captured the battery without any doubt.

The men and officers behaved with their usual gallantry. I can but speak in the highest terms of the gallant conduct of Capts. George W. Brinkerhoff, Henry J. Rhodes, and Chauncey Fish. Major William Wood was severely wounded in the face while gallantly advancing under the enemy's fire.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. W. SNYDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. L. SHAW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 142. Reports of Bvt. Colonel Otho H. Binkley, One hundred and tenth Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 110TH OHIO VOLUNTEERS,April 10, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and tenth Ohio Volunteers in the assault of Sunday, April 2, 1865, upon the enemy's works in front of Petersburg, Va.

The One hundred and tenth Regiment formed the right of the front line, connecting on its left with the Sixth Maryland Regiment. The regiment was commanded by Captain William D. Shellenberger, I being in charge of the picket-line as corps officer of the day. When the signal for the advance was fired from Fort Fisher the regiment moved forward with the balance of the line, and was one of the first to plant its colors upon the enemy's works. Before reaching the enemy's works Captain Shellenberger was severely wounded in the left arm and was compelled to retire from the field. Captain Elem Harter was also severely wounded in the arm. Captain H. H. Stevens was shot dead after he had gotten inside of the enemy's works and was in the act of charging a battery. Four pieces of artillery were captured by members of the regiment, 400 prisoners, and two flags. The flags were captured by Private Isaac James, Company H, and Sergt. Francis M. McMillen, Company C; the latter also captured one piece of artillery.

Captain George P. Boyer made himself conspicuous by his activity and bravery. Adjt. William H. Harry, Lieuts. John T. Sherer, A. A. Hubbard, D. S. French, and Amos Shaul deserve great credit for the manner in which they conducted themselves during the engagement. First Sergt. John W. Hays, commanding Company A, and Sergt. Richard Pearson, commanding Company G, are entitled to mention for their good conduct during the assault, in which the latter was severely wounded. Sergt. Thomas Goe, Company D, in charge of three men, caused 130 rebels to surrender to him; among those were 3 captains and 4 lieutenants. Corpl. Keeran McKenny, Company C, was the first to reach and capture a four-gun battery. Corpl. Calvin M.

