
At the battle of Sailor's Creek my regiment was ordered out as skirmishers, where the enthusiasm and gallantry displayed by all in going in determined to succeed leaves no room for particular mention. The regiment captured full 500 prisoners, for which some have receipts, and undoubtedly would have captured the rebel's battery, which kept up a heavy fire on the advancing column, but for the interference of the cavalry who desired to charge, and I received orders to have my line halt for that purpose. The cavalry failing to go in, I ordered my line to advance; the left of my line receiving orders to bear to the left, the severe fighting took place, and sustained their character as brave soldiers.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. M. CORNYN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 122nd Ohio Volunteers.

[Captain WILLIAM L. SHAW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

No. 144. Report of Colonel Benjamin F. Smith, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 126TH OHIO VOLUNTEERS,April 16, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions, I have respectfully to make the following report of the part taken by my command in the engagement of the 2nd instant, in front of Petersburg:

About 1 o'clock in the morning orders were received to move out in front of our works, which I did with that portion of the regiment remaining in camp, four officers and 100 men being on picket. We moved forward and took position on the left of the second line of battle, near our picket-line. After considerable maneuvering, changing position of regiments, &amp;c., the regiment lay under arms until shortly after 4 a.m., when the signal gun was fired and the regiment moved forward with the column. The charge was successfully made, and the enemy's lines broken, my regiment entering between two forts or redoubts, under a severe fire of musketry and artillery, capturing a number of prisoners. After breaking through the lines and swinging to the left upon the fort, the rebels fled, but rallied and succeeded in driving our men out, but they, in turn, rallying, and with the assistance of a column coming down on the rebels' flank, drove the rebels out and held the fort. The loss in this assault was, 1 officer (Lieutenant and Actg. Adjt. C. C. Crawford) wounded, 1 enlisted man killed, and 8 wounded.

Immediately after the capture of the rebel works the regiment moved with the column to the left a distance of about one mile, and halted. After remaining about one hour moved again to the right along the rebel works, recrossed the captured works, and took up position on the line held by the enemy's pickets before the assault in front of Fort Fisher, where we lay in support of a battery which was engaged in shelling the enemy. Remaining here until between 3 and 4 p.m., we moved still farther to the right along the same picket-line, and took up position in front of Fort Keene, where the enemy shelled us considerably,

