
inflicting no damage. We remained in this position during the rest of the day, and the evening were rejoined by those of the regiment still on picket. Many who were on picket in the morning charged with the column and fought with the regiment during the whole engagement.

The officers and men behaved gallantly. For cases of distinguished gallantry and meritorious conduct, your attention is respectfully invited to accompanying report.

Very respectfully,

B. F. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. P. DUDROW,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, Third Div., Sixth Corps.

No. 145. Reports of Major William G. Williams, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Infantry, commanding Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-SEVENTH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,April 10, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action taken by the Sixty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers at the assault on the enemy's works in front of Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865:

The regiment was marched from its camp by the left flank, following the One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers. It was formed near the picket-line of the Third Division, Sixth Army Corps, in the rear or third line of battle, ten paces from the next preceding it. At 5 a.m. the command forward was given. It moved forward in gallant style until we came to the enemy's intrenched picket-line, where considerable difficulty was experienced in crossing it, on account of men in front lying down in the works, but by the gallant conduct of the officers, the regiment was moved forward to the assault, and I am proud to say its colors were among the first planted on the enemy's works.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. G. WILLIAMS,

Major 126th Ohio Vols., Commanding Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania Vols.

Captain W. L. SHAW,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 6th Army Corps.
HDQRS. SIXTY-SEVENTH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,April 16, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report, in compliance with circular dated headquarters Second Brigade, Third Division, Sixth Army Corps, April 15, 1865, of the engagement of the 6th instant:

This regiment formed the right of the first line of battle, connecting on the left with the One hundred and thirty-eight Pennsylvania Volunteers. Moving forward for a distance of about 800 yards, the skirmish

