
line driving the enemy, we halted at a road, the name of which I do not know. After laying there for a few moments we moved off by the left flank for about 200 yards, and there formed line across the road, we at this time forming the second line of battle, the first being formed by the Sixth Maryland Volunteers and Ohio hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers. We then moved down the road some distance, when my regiment (the second line) was ordered to halt and lie down; the first line continuing to advance, became engaged with the enemy. We were then ordered to advance, which we did, and guiding right soon had the regiment on the right of the road. The regiment moved gallantly forward, subject to a severe fire of musketry from the enemy, then sheltered behind some houses near the to the left of the road and a line of light works. The regiment charged forward, driving the enemy from them and capturing some prisoners. We then halted, and in a few moments reformed our lines. The First Division, Sixth Army Corps, then came up in a line of battle. We were ordered to lie down and allow them to pass over us. We then advanced in the rear of the First Division, crossing the swamp, which at this place was about twenty-five yards wide the very deep. The First Division moving by the right for some distance, we moved forward and connected with them on their left. We then advanced through the woods in line of battle, when the First Division, on our right, gave way and fell back to the swamp, which exposed our right flank, causing us to fall back about fifty yards. We again rallied, driving the enemy and capturing their line of works, together with a great many prisoners. Here we halted and reformed our line, resting for about an hour, when we moved out right in front for two or three miles, and encamped for the night.

Our loss was 2 killed and 21 wounded.

I would further add that Corpl. John Keough, of Company E, Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, captured the colors of the Fiftieth Georgia.

The regiment behaved nobly during the engagement. Sergeants Horace P. Warfield, Company C, John Larimer, Company H, William A. Rager, Company E, William R. Black, Company G, and William Keller, Company E, made themselves conspicuous at all times by assisting in rallying the men.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. G. WILLIAMS,

Major 126th Ohio Vols., Commanding Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania Vols.

Captain W. L. SHAW,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 6th Army Corps.

No. 146. Reports of Colonel Matthew R. McClennan, One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 138TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,April 2, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that my command, consisting of 12 commissioned officers and about 300 enlisted men, reported to headquarters Second Brigade, Third Division, Sixth Corps, about midnight 1st instant, in compliance with orders received from the brigade commander, and after some delay was formed as a part of a third line of battle, preparatory to an assault upon the enemy's works. The One hundred

