
and twenty-second Ohio Volunteers joined me on the right and the Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers on the left. The lines were established under fire of the enemy's pickets, but it was accomplished without much difficulty. At 4 a.m., at a given signal, the lines advanced in proper order, and under a sharp musketry and enfilading artillery fire, to the works. The difficulties encountered, in the shape of tangled underbrush and marshy ditches, caused some confusion, but the body of the third line came otherwise promptly forward and the colors of the several regiments were in the rebel camps almost simultaneously. After crossing the works the organization of the brigade appeared to dissolve, and bodies of men moved in all directions in pursuit of the flying enemy. My command advanced in a northwesterly direction some two miles, but, after a temporary stay, I marched the regiment back to near where the rebel line was first broken, and where I found the brigade becoming reorganized. My regiment participated in the charge upon at that time. A few prisoners were brought in by men of this regiment, but I cannot report the number, not having received it.

Two men of Company F, this regiment, penetrated the country as far as the South Side Railroad and tore up two rails of the track. Upon their return from this work they encountered two rebel officers, who demanded their surrender. Corpl. John W. Mauk, one of the men referred to, immediately shot one of the officers, and Private Daniel Wolford, Company F, discharged his musket at the other, but missed, and the rebel escaped. The men the came to the regiment and reported the affair to me. It is supposed that the officer shot by Corporal Mauk was the rebel general A. P. Hill. I have the honor to commend both these men for their bravery and daring, and to ask that they be suitably rewarded.

The general conduct of the officers and men was very creditable, but, other than those above mentioned, I have none to specially recommend for promotion or other reward.

Captain James B. Heebner, Company A, received a severe wound in the charge upon the fort last assaulted, and behaved well. Lieutenant J. P. Iredell, Company K, acting adjutant, received a wound early in the engagement while aiding in forming the lines, and was compelled to leave the field.

The regiment participated in the movements of the brigade during the day, and was not further engaged.

I am pleased to report my casualties as very slight, considering the heat of the engagement; they were as follows: Wounded, 2 officers and 14 enlisted men; total, 16.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. R. McCLENNAN,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain W. L. SHAW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS 138TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,April 16, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of operations since 2nd instant:

On the 3rd instant this regiment marched from the vicinity of Petersburg, Va., with the Second Brigade, Third Division, Sixth Corps,

