
and started in pursuit of the retreating enemy to a point near Appomattox Court-House, Va., where, on the 9th instant, the remnant of the Army of Northern Virginia was compelled to surrender to our victorious forces. Nothing special occurred during this campaign other than the usual privations and hardships which invariably follow and attend forced and rapid marching, excepting the engagement at Sailor's Creek, April 6, in which this regiment acted a prominent part. There it formed a part of the first line of battle at the opening of the engagement, and, with the Sixth Maryland Volunteers on its left, drove the enemy to and finally across the creek and swamp known as Sailor's Creek. The very hard marching of the day from Amelia Court-House had caused considerable straggling, and not more than one-half or two-thirds of the command reached the field in time to participate in the battle. After sharing the first of the engagement I was ordered to cross the swamp, which was only accomplished with great difficulty, and soon became sharply engaged. The result of the engagement is fully known; therefore I need not discuss it.

My loss was 3 killed and 7 wounded, a very few slight injuries not being included.

The conduct of the regiment, I think, was good.

I have forwarded a complete list of casualties to your office.

After the glorious event of the 9th instant my command marched with the brigade to Burkeville, Va., where it arrived on the 13th instant. Nothing worthy of note occurred during that trip.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. R. McCLENNAN,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

[Captain W. L. SHAW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

No. 147. Report of Bvt. Major Andrew Cowan, First Battery New York Light Artillery, commanding Artillery Brigade.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, SIXTH ARMY CORPS,Burkeville, Va., April 15, 1865.

I have the honor to forward the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the operations of the army during the campaign which has resulted in the surrender of the principal army of the rebellion:

On April 1 instructions were received from headquarters Sixth Corps that the corps would assault the works of the enemy at 4 a.m. on the following morning, and five batteries of the brigade were designated to assist in the assault, viz: Battery E, Fifth U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant J. R. Brinkle, commanding; Third New York Independent Battery, Bvt. Major W. A. Harn commanding; Battery H, First Rhode Island Artillery, Captain C. Allen, jr., commanding; First New York Independent Battery, Bvt. Captain O. R. Van Etten commanding; Battery G, First Rhode Island Artillery, Bvt. Major G. W. Adams commanding. Lieutenant Brinckle was ordered to report to Brigadier-General Seymour, Brevet Major Harn to Brevet Major-General Getty, and Captain Allen to Brevet Major-General Wheaton for orders. The First New York Independent Battery and Battery G, First Rhode Island Artillery were held in reserve. At about 10 p.m. instructions were received from General Wright to open fire on the enemy's lines with all the batteries, which was accordingly done, and a moderate fire kept up for about

64 R R-VOL XLVI, PT I

