
March 28 to 31.-Nothing unusual occurred; troops held in readiness to move at a moment's notice.

April 1.- During the night the corps was massed near the Jones house, with a view of making an attack on the rebel works at daylight of 2nd.

April 2.-Assaulted the rebel works at daylight. Carried them, cutting the rebel army in two, capturing numerous guns and prisoners; then moved in the direction of Hatcher' Run, toward the left, carrying the entire line to that point, when, turning toward Petersburg, the lines were before night, moved close up to the rebel works at that place, preparatory to an assail the next morning. Losses in the day's operations, about 1,100 officers and men.

April 3.- The city having been evacuated during the night, its surrender was received by our forces shortly after daylight of this day, and in a short time the corps was in pursuit of the retreating Army of Northern Virginia, and encamped at night at Mount Pleasant Church, near Sutherland's Station, about ten miles from Petersburg.

April 4.- Moved at 4 a. m. and encamped about two miles from Winticomack Creek.

April 5.- Moved at 3 a. m. to near Jetersville Station and encamped.

April 6.- Moved at 6 a. m. in line of battle toward Amelia Courth-House; no enemy being found, proceeded, in the direction of Deatonsville, to Sailor's Creed. Here, the enemy disputing our advance, a severe engagement followed, in which the right wing of the rebel Army of Northern Virginia was annihilated, many prisoners being taken, among whom were Lieutenant-General Ewell and Major-General Custis Lee, C. S. Army. The Second Division was not engaged. Our loses in this battle were about 442 officers and men.

April 7.- Continued the pursuit of the enemy, encamping near Farmville.

April 8.- Marched to New Store and encamped.

April 9.- Moved to Clover Hill, near Appomattox Court-House, where the remnant of the once formidable Army of Northern Virginia was surrendered.

April 10.- Remained at Clower Hill.

April 11.- Moved in the direction of Burkesville, which was reached on the 13th. Remained encamped near Burkesville until 23rd.

April 23.- Moved to Keysville, in the direction of Danville.

April 24.- Marched from Keysville to Clark's Ferry, Staunto River.

April 25.- Marched from Clark's Ferry to Halifax Court-House.

April 26.- Marched from Halifax Court-House to Brooklyn.

April 27.- Marched from Brooklyn to Danville, which was surrendered on that day, with numerous arms, projectiles, and machinery for manufacturing arms, locomotives, &amp;c. Distance marched from Burkeville at Danville (100 miles) was accomplished in four days and four hours. Total number of miles marched during the month, over 300.

April 27 to 30.- Remained at Danville.

May 1 to 16.- Remained encamped at Danville, Va. The First Division was stationed along the line of the railroad from Burkeville Junction to Sutherland's Station, near Petersburg, and the Ninth New York Heavy Artillery, of the Second Brigade, Third Division, was placed on the line of the Richmond and Danville Railroad, between Danville and Burkeville Junction, one company at each station.

May 16.- Broke camp and embarked on cars for Manchester.

May 17 to 22.- Troops arrived at Manchester and encamped near the town.

