
three hours. At 2 a.m on April 2 the batteries selected to accompany the assaulting column were relieved from their positions in the works and massed near Fort Fisher. Bvt. Major G. W. Adams was detailed, with a detachment of twenty men, to advance with the assaulting column, to take command of and turn the enemy's guns should the assault prove successful, the men being furnished with equipments for that purpose. A section of Captain Allen's battery, under Lieutenant Walter M. Knight, advanced with General Wheaton's division in front of Fort Welch and opened fire on the enemy, doing good service. When the assault was found to have been successful Major Adams, with his detachment of cannoneers, succeeded in turning some of the guns of the enemy on their retreating columns, doing good execution and assisting to demoralize them materially. Casualties, 2 enlisted men wounded.

The Third New York Battery, under Major Harn, and a section of Battery G, First Rhode Island Artillery, under Lieutenant Rich, were placed in position with the advance of the Third Division, and opened a severe fire on a point which the enemy still held, succeeding in silencing one of their batteries. The Third New York Battery advanced with the Second and Third Divisions to a point where the Twenty-fourth Corps formed a junction with the Sixth, and rendered efficient service in driving the enemy. The works of the enemy in that direction having been all carried or abandoned the troops moved in the direction of Petersburg, the Third New York Battery accompanying the Second Division, taking several positions as the enemy retreated and assisting materially in driving them from their positions. Casualties, 2 enlisted men wounded, 1 horse killed. Battery H, First Rhode Island Artillery, Captain Allen, also advanced with the troops, rendering efficient service in driving the enemy, and in one instance being exposed to an enfilading the which he was unable to return, the enemy having rifled guns, and the distance being too great for smooth-bores. Captain Allen's loss was 3 men killed, 6 wounded, and 10 horses killed.

After the enemy's works were carried the reserve batteries were moved out in front of our works. At the request of General Gibbon a section of First New York Battery, under Lieutenant Sears, was placed in position under the fire of a rebel battery, and after firing some 70 rounds succeeded in silencing it. The whole battery was then moved up on the Boydton plank road toward Petersburg, and took position near the Whitworth house, opening fire on the enemy's infantry under severe fire from sharpshooters. The battery also opened on one of the enemy's forts, to which they replied occasionally without damage. The fire was continued until dark, expending 611 rounds ammunition, and losing 2 men wounded and 2 horses disabled.

Battery E, Fifth U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant Brinckle, moved with the Third Division after the works were carried, and took position in front of rebel works known as Fort McGraw and Battery 45, firing rapidly. Lieutenant Brinckle reports the officers and men for his command as performing their batteries faithfully.

Battery G, First Rhode Island Artillery, Brevet Major Adams, advanced with the corps toward Petersburg, engaging the enemy at different times with good effect, with the loss of 1 officer and 2 enlisted men wounded. Battery A, First New Jersey Artillery, Captain A. N. Parsons, took part in the fire upon the enemy's lines on the night of April 1 from the works on our line.

All the batteries of the command were in position and intrenched on the night of the 2nd of April, with instructions to open fire on the enemy at 5 a.m. the following morning, but the enemy having evacuated the brigade moved with the corps on the River road.

