
Nothing of importance occurred until April 6, when the enemy was met at Sailor's Creek. All the batteries of the command were in position here, and the natural position for artillery being good, a most effective fire was kept up until the enemy was routed. Prisoners stated that it was the most terrific fire that they were exposed to. So many killed and wounded from the fire of artillery has seldom been seen in this was in so small a space. Battery E, Fifth U. S. Artillery, in this engagement had 2 men slightly wounded. The brigade then proceeded to within a few miles of Appomattox Court-House, and on the 9th of April had the honor of firing four salutes of thirty-six guns each in honor of the surrender of General R. E. Lee. On April 11 moved toward Burkeville, arriving there on the 13th.

The roads on the whole route from Appomattox Court-House to this point were in an awful condition, and consequently many horses of the brigade are rendered temporarily unserviceable.

The following batteries of the brigade took some part in the operations which resulted in the capture of Petersburg and Richmond, but they having been ordered to City Point, it is impossible to include them in this report: Battery H, First Ohio Artillery, Captain S. W. Dorsey; Third Vermont Battery, Captain R. H. Start; Fourth Maine Battery, Captain Charles W. White; Battery E, First Rhode Island Artillery, Lieutenant E. K. Parker.

The officers and men have behaved splendidly throughout the campaign. During the operations after the capture of the enemy's works April 2, the Third New York Battery, Battery H, First Rhode Island Artillery, and First New York Battery advanced from point to point with the skirmish lines of the Second Division, keeping up a severe fire upon the enemy, harassing him greatly, and preventing him from reforming his lines of battle. The batteries were maneuvered very handsomely, and their commanders are entitled to special credit for their meritorious services on that occasion. All have endeavored to do their utmost to aid in achieving the glorious successes of our corps.

I removed from the works captured April 2 twenty guns, viz: Seven light 12-pounders, brass ("J. R. A.," maker); three light 12-pounders, brass (U. S.); two 12-pounder iron guns ("J. R. A.," maker); three 24-pounder howitzers (U. S.); three 3-inch rifled ("T. T. S. L."); one 3-inch Blakely (---); one 10-pounder Parrott ("J. R. A."); also, nine caissons. These guns and caissons were sent to City Point April 3, in charge of Captain Start, Third Vermont Battery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ANDREW COWAN,

Brevet Major, Commanding Artillery Brigade, Sixth Corps.

Bvt. Major C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixth Army Corps.

No. 148. Report of Captain Augustin N. Parsons, Battery A, First New Jersey Light Artillery.

BATTERY A, FIRST NEW JERSEY ARTILLERY,

April 10, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with instructions received from headquarter Artillery Brigade, Sixth Corps, I have the honor to report that about 10 p.m. of the 1st instant I opened fire upon the enemy's picket-line-from Fort Howard with four guns, and from Fort Wadsworth

