
with two guns-keeping up a slow fire until about 1 a.m. of the 2nd, firing fifty rounds from Fort Howard and seventy-five rounds from Fort Wadsworth. About the same time I received orders to send two guns to Fort Welch. I at once sent Lieutenant Bonin with one section, which reached Fort Welch before daylight on the morning of the 2nd. At 11 p.m. same day I received orders to turn in two guns, and report to the commanding officer of the Artillery Brigade at 6 a.m. on the 3rd, fully equipped for a campaign.

I have no officers nor men to mention in particular; all did their duty.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

A. N. PARSONS,

Captain, Commanding.

Lieutenant BENJ. FREEBORN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, Sixth Corps.

No. 149. Reports of Bvt. Captain Orsamus R. Van Etten, First Battery New York Light Artillery.

FIRST NEW YORK INDEPENDENT BATTERY,

Camp in the Field, Va., April 4, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the First New York Independent Battery opened fire upon the enemy from Fort Welch about 11 p.m. April 1. We kept up a continuous fire for about one hour, and then for two hours occasionally, using about 200 rounds of ammunition. After the charge was made and the works were carried, April 2, I moved out in front of the fort, left the pieces standing, using the horses for bringing off captured pieces and caissons. About 9.30 a.m. the Twenty-fourth Corps passed us, and soon after Major-General Gibbon sent a request saying it would oblige him very much if I would lend them a section. I sent Lieutenant Sears in charge of a section. He went into position under fire from a rebel fort at 10 a.m. After firing about seventy rounds they ceased to fire from the fort. About the same time, 11 a.m., General Wright wished the battery. I then took the whole battery toward Petersburg, on the Boydton plank road, to near the Whitworth house; there I opened fire upon infantry, under some fire from sharpshooters, about 12 m. After firing a few rounds I discovered some guns in a fort some 1,200 yards to my right; turned one section on the fort. On this fort and the infantry in front I continued firing until dark, having had 2 men and 2 horses wounded, and expended 611 rounds of ammunition.

I am, sir, your very obedient servant,

O. R. VAN ETTEN,

Lieutenant and Bvt. Captain, Commanding First N. Y. Independent Battery.

Lieutenant FREEBORN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, Sixth Corps.

CAMP IN THE FIELD, VA.,

April 14, 1865.

SIR: I transmit to you the part taken by the First New York Independent Battery since the evacuation of Petersburg.

April 3, we moved out on the river road with the corps; marched until 5 p.m; parked for the night. April 4, we continued our march

