
after the enemy until 9 p.m.; halted for the night. April 5, still continued the march until about 9 p.m. April 6, we had a hard march, and about 4 p.m. we went into position about 800 yards from the enemy, and commenced shelling them rapidly; it did not last long, as the enemy gave way, and we were soon on the move again; we expended 145 rounds of ammunition; we parked for the night soon after passing over the battle-field. April 7, at 9 a.m. we again took up the march after the retreating foe; passed through Farmville and parked for the night. April 8 found us still on the march. April 9, marched till about 12 a.m. [noon], parked, and while at this point heard the enemy had surrendered; about 5 p.m. I fired a salute of thirty-six guns, then went into park for the night. Did not move April 10. April 11 found us on the march back to Burkeville; reached here April 13, having had a hard march, with the loss of three horses.

I am, sir, your very obedient servant,

O. R. VAN ETTEN,

Lieutenant and Bvt. Captain, Commanding First N. Y. Independent Battery.

Lieutenant FREEBORN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, Sixth Corps.

No. 150. Report of Bvt. Major William A. Harn, Third Battery New York Light Artillery.

CAMP IN THE FIELD, VA.,

April 10, 1865.

Report of Third New York Independent Battery:

Pursuant to orders from artillery headquarters, Sixth Corps, the battery broke camp at Fort Urmston on Sunday, the 2nd of April, 1865, at 3 a.m., and reported to General Getty, commanding Second Division, Sixth Corps. Took position with the battery in the enemy's works, and commenced firing; silenced one of the enemy's batteries; then went in pursuit of them, and fought them at intervals till 3 p.m.

Two men of the battery wounded-Privates James McCune, left hand; Louis Adam lost his right arm. One horse killed. Ammunition expended: 250 solid shots, 240 case-shots, 35 shells, and ride 17 rounds of ammunition captured from the enemy.

W. A. HARN,

Brevet Major, Commanding Battery.

No. 151. Report of Captain Crawford Allen, jr., Battery H, First Rhode Island Light Artillery.

BATTERY H, FIRST RHODE ISLAND LIGHT ARTILLERY,

Burke's Station, Va., April 16, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my battery during the recent battles between April 1 and 13, 1865:

On the evening of April 1 I received orders to join the First Division of the Sixth Corps, which I did at 12 p.m. of that day. At 4.30 a.m.

