
April 2 I moved forward with the division, and, after crossing the rifle-pits, opened upon a section of artillery which had a flank fire on our infantry. They were soon driven out, when I ceased firing, moved to the left, bringing up my caissons, and waited further orders. I then moved the battery forward with the skirmish line, and was soon engaged with one of the enemy's batteries. This battery soon had to leave its position. I followed it up until I arrived at Whitworth's house, where I went into position, the enemy placing a rifle battery in position on my left and obtaining an enfilade fire upon my battery at 1,700 yards, "being beyond my extreme range." I was ordered by Brevet Major Cowan to withdraw my guns, and went into park in rear of First Division headquarters for the night. In this day's action I lost 4 men killed and 9 wounded; also 10 horses killed. On April 6 I went into action at Sailor's Run, remaining half an hour; no casualties.

From April 1 to 13 I have fired 685 rounds of ammunition.

I have the honor to recommend to your especial notice First Lieutenant W. M. Knight and Second Lieutenant A. B. Horton, for their coolness and gallantry on the 2nd of April.

I remain, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CRAWFORD ALLEN, Jr.,

Captain, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, Commanding Battery H.

Colonel CLENDENIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division, Sixth Corps.

No. 152. Reports of Lieutenant John R. Brinckle, Battery E, Fifth U. S. Artillery.

BATTERY E, FIFTH U. S. ARTILLERY,

April 10, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this battery in the operations before Petersburg on the 2nd of April, 1865:

Pursuant to instructions from headquarters Artillery Brigade, Sixth Corps, I reported with my battery at 3 o'clock on the morning of April 2 to Brigadier General Truman Seymour, commanding Third Division, Sixth Corps, for duty with that division. As soon as it was ascertained that the lines of the enemy had been broken I advanced my battery to position in front of works known as fort McGraw and Battery No. 45, which still remained in possession of the enemy, opening fire rapidly with all my guns.

Both officers and enlisted men performed their duties faithfully.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. BRINCKLE,

First Lieutenant, Fifth Artillery, Commanding Battery E.

First Lieutenant BENJAMIN FREEBORN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, Sixth Corps.

BATTERY E, FIFTH U. S. ARTILLERY,

April 14, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my command in operations since April 2, 1865:

This battery, having been assigned to the Third Division, Sixth Corps, has accompanied that division in all its marches and participated in all

