
engagements. At 4 p.m. April 6 my battery was ordered to position commanding the lines of the enemy at Sailor's Creek. I fired, under the direction of Brigadier-General Seymour, commanding Third Division, Sixth Corps, with all my guns, till the works of the enemy were carried by our troops.

My casualties in this engagement were 2 men slightly wounded.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. BRINCKLE,

First Lieutenant, Fifth Artillery, Commanding Battery.

First Lieutenant BENJAMIN FREEBORN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 153. Report of Major General John G. Parke, U. S. Army, commanding Ninth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,July 10, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command from March 29 to April 19, 1865:

After the capture and recapture of Fort Stedman, on the 25th of March, the usual state of affairs continual on the line held by this corps, with the exception that the enemy was more than ordinarily active in strengthening his intrenchments. His works from the Appomattox to in front of Fort Sedgwick were part of the old interior line of defenses, which had been so often unsuccessfully attempted by us. At a point in front of Fort Sedgwick an outer line, a kind of spur, struck off from his main line and swept down toward Hatcher's Run in front of the left of our advance. The line held by this corps fronted the whole of this main line and about two miles of the spur. By the orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac, of March 14 and 28, ordering a grand movement of the army on March 29, I was directed to send all surplus baggage and artillery to the rear, and to be prepared to hold with this corps the then line as far as Fort Davis and the rear line from that point. This was accordingly done. I at once placed the Third Division, Brevet Major-General Hartranft commanding, at work repairing the rear line, which was much out of order. Under the skillful direction of General Hartranft this line was put in excellent condition.

At - p.m. on the 30th of March orders were received from army headquarters directing me to make an assault upon the enemy's position in my front at 4 o'clock the following morning. The point of attack was left to my decision. I had already decided that the position in front of Ford Sedgwick, on the Jerusalem plank road, was the best one for assault on the front held my this corps. This portion of the line was held by the Second Division, Potter's, and I accordingly concentrated in rear of Fort Sedgwick all of Potter's division, with the exception of pickets and the garrison of the forts, and all of Hartranft's division. But at - p.m. orders were received from army headquarters suspending the assault, and the troops were returned to their camps. No further movements occurred during March 31 and April 1.

At 4.50 p.m. April 1 I received orders from army headquarters, through Captain Worth, directing me to assault together, and, after fully examining the grounds, substantially the same arrangements for the

