
May 24.- Broke camp and took up line of march for Washington, being reviewed, in passing through Richmond, by Major-General Halleck.

May 29.- Reached Fredericksburg, Va.

May 30 and 31.- Continued the march in the direction of Washington.

First Division.

[February.] -Remained in camp until the night of the 15th.

February 5.- Orders were received to move to Hatcher's Run and report to General Humphreys, commanding Second Corps.

February 6, 7, and 8.- The division participated in the engagements at Dabney's Mill.

February 8.- Returned to its old camp along the main line, where it has remained up to the present time.

[March.] -Remained in camp near the Petersburg and Weldon Railroad until the morning of the 25th.

March 25.- The division moved to the right to the support of the Ninth Corps, a part of the front of which had been taken by the enemy. When midway between Hancock's and Meade's Stations, learned of the recovery of the captured work by our forces, at the same time received orders from the corps commander to remove to the left, deploy and cover the front between Forts Howard and Fisher, and interval of two miles, while the Second Division demonstrated opposite Fort Fisher. At 3 p. m. moved two brigade (the Second Brigade, General J. E. Hamblin, and the Third Brigade, Colonel O. Edwards) to the support of the right of the Second Division. Advanced, capturing the enemy's skirmish pits, with nearly 300 prisoners. Entrenched a new line beyond the one captured; picketed the same, and returned the command to camp at midnight.

April 1.- Moved the division from camp near the Weldon railroad and massed it outside of Fort Welch, on the left, at midnight on the right of the corps.

April 2.-4.30 a. m., successfully assaulted, in conjunction with the balance of the corps, the enemy's works, capturing 10 guns, 6 colors, and 1,000 prisoners. Participated with the corps in the other engagements of that day, which caused the evacuation of Petersburg and Richmond.

April 3.- Moved west in pursuit of enemy, continuing the march until April 6, when the division, was again successfully engaged at Little Sailor's Creek with Ewell's corps, capturing many colors and prisoners, including General Ewell and Caustic Lee.

April 7 to 9. - Moved, via Farmville, Curdville, and New Store, toward Appomattox Court-House. After surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia, returned, via Farmville, to Burkeville and encamped.

April 23.- Moved, via Keysville and Halifax Court-House, to Danville, arriving there at 3 p. m. of April 27. During the month marched over 300 miles.

May 1.- Received orders to distribute the division from Danville north to Burkeville on the line of railroad, which were subsequently modified to read from Burkeville to Southerland's, near Petersburg. This was accomplished by May 17-First Brigade from Southerland's west to Wilson's Station, on South Side Railroad; Third Brigade from Wilson's Station to Nottoway Court-House, same railroad; Second Brigade from Nottoway Court-House to Burkeville, inclusive, same railroad.

