
Bvt. Major J. B. Parke, Seventeenth U. S. Infantry, aide-de-camp, as brevet lieutenant-colonel for gallant and meritorious conduct at Fort Stedman March 25, 1865, and in the assault on the enemy's lines before Fort Sedgwick April 2, 1865.

Bvt. Major R. H. I. Goddard, aide-de-camp, as brevet lieutenant-colonel for gallant and meritorious conduct at Fort Stedman March 25, 1865, and in the assault on the enemy's lines before Fort Sedgwick April 2, 1865.

Captain J. C. Youngman, assistant adjutant-general, as brevet major for gallant and meritorious conduct at Fort Stedman March 25, 1865, and in the assault on the enemy's lines before Fort Sedgwick April 2, 1865, and long and valuable services in his department.

Captain James S. Casey, Fifth U. S. Infantry, commissary of musters, as brevet major for faithfully conduct of his department and gallant services in the assault on the enemy's lines before Fort Sedgwick April 2, 1865.

Captain J. S. Tobey, Thirty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers, and acting assistant quartermaster, as brevet major for eminent gallantry and good conduct throughout the war.

Captain F. A. Stitzer, Forty-eight Pennsylvania Volunteers, and chief of Ambulance Corps, as brevet major for gallant and faithful services during the campaign before Petersburg.

Asst. Surg. Samuel Adams, U. S. Army, medical inspector, as brevet captain for long, faithful and highly meritorious conduct throughout the war and for gallantry in the assault on the enemy's lines before Fort Sedgwick April 2, 1865.

Lieutenant L. A. Dillingham, signal officer, as brevet captain for meritorious services in the campaign before Petersburg.

Bvt. Brigadier General John I. Curtin, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, as brigadier-general U. S. Volunteers for gallant and meritorious conduct in the assault on the enemy's lines before Fort Sedgwick April 2, 1865.

Colonel Samuel Harriman, Thirty-seventh Wisconsin Volunteers, brevet brigadier-general for meritorious services as commanding a brigade since September 30, 1864, and for gallant conduct in the assault on the enemy's lines before Fort Sedgwick April 2, 1865.

Surg. James Harris, Seventh Rhode Island Volunteers, medical director, Second Division, as brevet lieutenant-colonel for long and faithful services throughout the war.

Captain S. S. Sumner, Fifth U. S. Cavalry, aide-de-camp, as brevet major for gallant and meritorious conduct in the campaign before Vicksburg and Jackson, Miss., in June and July, 1863.

FIRST DIVISION.

Bvt. Colonel Ralph Ely, commanding Second Brigade, as brevet brigadier-general for conspicuous gallantry in the assault of Petersburg April 2, 1865.

Colonel James Bintliff, Thirty-eighth Wisconsin Volunteers, as brevet brigadier-general for conspicuous gallantry in the assault of Petersburg, April 2, 1865.

Colonel Charles Waite, Twenty-seventh Michigan Volunteers, as brevet brigadier-general for conspicuous gallantry in the assault of Petersburg April 2, 1865.

Surg. M. K. Hogan, U. S. Volunteers, as brevet lieutenant-colonel for gallant and meritorious conduct in the campaign of Eastern Virginia in 1864 and 1865.

