
Surg. P. A. O'Connell, U. S. Volunteers, as brevet lieutenant-colonel for gallant and meritorious conduct in the campaign of South Carolina, Virginia, and Maryland, 1862: Tennessee, 1863; Virginia, 1864 and 1865.

Captain L. Curtis Brackett, Fifty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, as brevet major for conspicuous gallantry in the attack on Fort Stedman March 25, 1865, and same on Petersburg April 2, 1865.

Captain Daniel N. Howay, Seventeenth Michigan Volunteers, as brevet major for gallant and meritorious services in the actions of the Wilderness, Spotsylvania, Petersburg, June 18, 1864; Weldon Railroad and Petersburg, April 2, 1865.

Captain C. D. Browne, Twenty-ninth Massachusetts Veteran Volunteers, as brevet major for gallant and meritorious conduct before Petersburg in the winter and spring operations of 1865.

Captain H. L. Swords, Fifty-ninth Massachusetts Volunteers, as brevet major for gallant and meritorious conduct before Petersburg in the winter and spring operations of 1865.

Captain Sylvester Keyser, Second Michigan Veteran Volunteers, as brevet major for gallant and meritorious conduct before Petersburg in the winter and spring operations of 1865.

Captain John B. Pizer, Twenty-ninth Massachusetts Veteran Volunteers, as brevet major for gallant and meritorious conduct before Petersburg in the winter and spring operations of 1865.

Captain Christian Rath, Seventeenth Michigan Volunteers, as brevet major for gallant and meritorious conduct before Petersburg in the winter and spring operations of 1865.

Captain Benjamin D. Safford, Seventeenth Michigan Volunteers, as brevet major for gallant and meritorious conduct before Petersburg in the winter and spring operations of 1865.

Captain James Galt, assistant quartermaster, as brevet major for gallant and meritorious conduct before Petersburg in the winter and spring operations of 1865.

Captain C. M. Robins, commissary of subsistence, as brevet major for gallant and meritorious conduct before Petersburg in the winter and spring operations of 1865.

Captain George Goodsell, Seventeenth Michigan Volunteers, as brevet major for gallant and meritorious conduct before Petersburg int he winter and spring operations of 1865, and for conspicuous gallantry in action at the Pegram house September 30, 1864, where he was wounded.

Major R. N. Doyle, Eighth Michigan Veteran Volunteers, as brevet lieutenant-colonel for gallantry on April 2, 1865, in the assault before Petersburg, and for promptness and efficiency as an officer on all occasions.

Captain W. A. Norton, Twenty-seventh Michigan Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general, as brevet major for conspicuous gallantry in the assaults upon the enemy's works on April 2, 1865, before Petersburg.

Captain C. H. McCreery, Eighth Michigan Veteran Volunteers, brigade inspector, as brevet major for conspicuous gallantry in the assaults upon the enemy's works on April 2, 1865, before Petersburg.

Captain E. Burnett, Thirty-seventh Wisconsin Volunteers, aide-de-camp, as brevet major for conspicuous gallantry in the assaults upon the enemy's works on April 2, 1865, before Petersburg.

First Lieutenant William P. Maxon, Thirty-eighth Wisconsin Volunteers, pioneer officer, as brevet captain for conspicuous gallantry in the assaults upon the enemy's works on April 2, 1865, before Petersburg.

