
Captain Z. B. Adams, Fifty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers, as brevet major for gallant and meritorious conduct in the assault of April 2, 1865.

Captain Abijah Hollis, Fifty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers, as brevet major for gallant and meritorious conduct in the assault of April 2, 1865.

Major Lyman E. Knapp, Seventeenth Vermont Volunteers, as brevet lieutenant-colonel for gallant and meritorious conduct in the assault of April 2, 1865, in which action he was wounded.

Captain C. W. Corey, Seventeenth Vermont Volunteers, as brevet major for gallant and meritorious conduct in the assault of April 2, 1865.

First Lieutenant A. C. Fay, Seventeenth Vermont Volunteers, as brevet captain for gallant and meritorious conduct in the assault of April 2, 1865.

First Lieutenant C. D. Brainerd, Seventeenth Vermont Volunteers, as brevet captain for gallant and meritorious conduct in the assault of April 2, 1865.

First Lieutenant H. O. Claflin, Seventeenth Vermont Volunteers, as brevet captain for gallant and meritorious conduct in the assault of April 2, 1865, in which action he was wounded.

Captain E. C. Bowen, One hundred and seventy-ninth New York Volunteers as brevet major for gallant and meritorious conduct in the assault of April 2, 1865.

Captain Giles H. Holden, One hundred and seventy-ninth New York Volunteers, as brevet major for gallant and meritorious conduct in the assault of April 2, 1865, in which action he was wounded.

Captain Levi Force, One hundred and seventy-ninth New York Volunteers, as brevet major for gallant and meritorious conduct in the assault of April 2, 1865.

Second Lieutenant Hathaway Musgrave, One hundred and seventy-ninth New York Volunteers, as brevet first lieutenant for gallant and meritorious conduct in the assault of April 2, 1865, in which action he was wounded.

THIRD DIVISION.

Bvt. Major John D. Bertolette, assistant adjutant-general, as brevet lieutenant-colonel for gallant and distinguished services at Fort Stedman, Va., March 25, 1865; as brevet colonel for gallant and meritorious services on April 2, 1865, in the assault upon the enemy's lines in front of Fort Sedgwick.

Bvt. Major George Shorkley, captain Fifty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, division inspector, as brevet lieutenant-colonel for gallantry and meritorious services at Fort Stedman, March 25, 1865, in which action he was seriously wounded; as colonel by brevet for his long, faithful, and valuable services in the inspector-general's department April 9, 1865.

Captain Richard A. Watts, Seventeenth Michigan Volunteers, aide-de-camp, as brevet major for gallant and distinguished services at Fort Stedman March 25, 1865; as brevet lieutenant-colonel for gallant and meritorious services, April 2, 1865, in the assault upon the enemy's lines in front of Fort Sedgwick.

Captain William H. Hodkins, Thirty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers, assistant commissary of musters, as brevet major for valuable and distinguished services at Fort Stedman March 25, 1865.

Captain Prosper Dalien, Two hundred and eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, acting engineer officer, as brevet major for his daring and bravery at Fort Stedman on the 25th of March, in which action he was seriously wounded.

