
Captain E. P. Brown, Fourth Rhode Island Volunteers, acting division inspector, as brevet major for gallant and distinguished services before Fort Sedgwick April 2, 1865.

Captain T. W. Hoffman, Two hundred and eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, acting engineer officer, as brevet major for gallant and meritorious service of Fort Stedman March 25, 1865; as brevet lieutenant-colonel for gallant and meritorious services on April 2, 1865, in the assault upon the enemy's lines in front of Fort Sedgwick.

Surg. A. F. Whelan, First Michigan Sharpshooters, surgeon-in-chief, as brevet lieutenant-colonel for his long, efficient, and valuable services in his department as surgeon-in-chief of the division since its organization.

Captain J. K. Cilley, assistant quartermaster, as brevet major for his efficient and valuable services in his department as division quartermaster since its organization.

Captain E. B. Moore, commissary of subsistence, as brevet major for his long, efficient, and valuable services in the subsistence department of the division since its organization.

Colonel C. W. Diven, Two hundred Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding First Brigade, as brevet brigadier-general for valuable and meritorious services rendered by him March 25, 1865.

Colonel A. B. McCalmont, Two hundred and eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, as brevet brigadier-general for his long and faithful services during the war, both as colonel of the Two hundred and eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers and lieutenant-colonel commanding One hundred and forty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. H. McCall, commanding Two hundredth Pennsylvania Volunteers, as brevet colonel for coolness, bravery, and skill displayed by him at Fort Stedman March 25, 1865; as brevet brigadier-general for valuable and meritorious services while commanding First Brigade in the assault in front of Fort Sedgwick April 2, 1865.

Major Jacob Rehrer, Two hundred Pennsylvania Volunteers, as brevet lieutenant-colonel for gallant and meritorious services in the assault upon the enemy's lines in front of Fort Sedgwick April 2, 1865.

Captain F. A. Hoffman, Two hundred Pennsylvania Volunteers, as brevet major for conspicuous gallantry at Fort Stedman March 25, 1865.

First Lieutenant John McWilliams, Two hundred Pennsylvania Volunteers, as brevet captain for gallant and distinguished services in the assault upon the enemy in front of Fort Sedgwick April 2, 1865.

First Lieutenant B. F. Eberly, Two hundredth Pennsylvania Volunteers, as brevet captain for gallant and meritorious services in the assault upon the enemy's lines in front of Fort Sedgwick April 2, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel M. T. Heintzelman, Two hundred and eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, as brevet colonel for his efficiency at Fort Stedman March 25, 1865, and for meritorious services in the attack upon the enemy's lines in front of Fort Sedgwick April 2, 1865.

Major Alexander Bobb, Two hundred and eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, as brevet lieutenant-colonel for gallant and meritorious services in the assault upon the enemy's lines in front of Fort Sedgwick April 2, 1865.

