
May 17.- Commenced the movement of the division via Petersburg to Manchester, which was completed May 20.

May 24.- Marched second in order of the corps in review through Richmond before General Halleck. Commenced the march for Washington, encamping at night near Hanover Court-House.

May 25.- Continued the march toward Washington, via Fredericksburg, arriving at Wolf Run Shoals on the 31st.

June 2.- Arrived at Hall's Hill, near Ball's Cross-Roads, and encamped, and remained the balance of the month.

June 30.- By virtue of General Orders, Numbers 35, headquarters Army of the Potomac, June 20, the division was reorganized and embodied in the First Division, Provisional Corps.

First Brigade, First Division.

[February.] - Since last return the brigade has been encamped in the same position near Petersburg, Va.

[March.] - Since last return the brigade remained in camp at Parke's Station, Va., until the 25th, when it moved down to the right to support the Ninth Corps-then engaged with the enemy. It was not engaged. In the afternoon, moved down again to the left, near Fort Wadsworth, where it remained until midnight, when it moved back to its old camp.

[April.] -Since last return this brigade has been in all of the engagements in which the Sixth Corps has participated.

Third Brigade, First Division.

April 2. - Charged the enemy's works in front of Petersburg, successfully carrying them, with a loss of 196 killed and wounded.

April 3. - Invested the city, and then with the rest of the division pursued the enemy in the direction of Amelia Court-House.

April 6. - Engaged in the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, routing the enemy at all points, losing 320 killed and wounded.

April 7 to 9. - Pursued the enemy toward Clover Hill, where their surrender of Lee's army was announced.

April 11. - Marched to Burkeville Station, via Farmville, and encamped until the 23rd.

April 23. - Marched to Danville, Va., passing through Keysville, Halifax Court-House, and Brooklyn, arriving there on the 27th, and remained in camp up to the last of the month.

May 4. - Moved from Danville, Va., to Wilson's Station, on the South Side Railroad, and went into camp.

May 18. - Marched to Richmond, via Petersburg; thence to Washington, via Hanover Court-House, Chesterfield Station, Fredericksburg, and Fairfax Station, and encamped at Ball's Cross-Roads.

Second Division.

April 1.-11 p. m. the division left the camps occupied during last winter and massed in front of Fort Welch.

April 2.-4 a. m. charged and broke the enemy's line and moved to within a mile of Petersburg.

April 3. - Marched fourteen miles and bivouacked on Whipponock Creek.

April 4. - Marched twelve miles across Winticomack Creek.

