
Captain J. A. McCahan, Two hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, as brevet major for gallant and distinguished services at Fort Stedman March 25, 1865, and in the assault upon the enemy's lines in front of Fort Sedgwick April 2, 1865.

Captain Richard Boone, Two hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, as brevet major for gallant and distinguished services in the charge at Fort Stedman march 25, 1865, and in the assault of April 2, 1865.

Lieutenant Morris Davis, Two hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, as brevet captain for gallant and distinguished services in the charge at Fort Stedman March 25, 1865, and in the assault of April 2, 1865.

Colonel William J. Bolton, Fifty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, as brevet brigadier-general for his gallant and meritorious services during the war.

ARTILLERY BRIGADE.

Captain Edward J. Jones, Eleventh Massachusetts Battery, as brevet major for meritorious services during the siege of Petersburg and for conspicuous promptness and energy in assisting in repulsing the enemy from Fort Stedman March 25, 1865.

Captain A. B. Twitchell, commanding Seventh Maine Battery, as brevet major for meritorious services during the siege of Petersburg and for conspicuous promptness and energy in command of the artillery of Fort Sedgwick on April 2, 1865.

Captain Theodore Miller, Fourth New York Artillery, as brevet major for meritorious services during the siege of Petersburg and for gallantry at the attack upon Fort Stedman March 25, 1865.

Captain David F. Ritchie, commanding Battery C, First New York Artillery, as brevet major for conspicuous gallantry and coolness on April 2, 1865.

First Lieutenant William H. Rogers, First Connecticut Artillery, as brevet captain for conspicuous gallantry in the attack upon the enemy's works in front of Fort Sedgwick April 2, 1865.

First Lieutenant George E. Ketchum, Battery C, First New York Artillery, as brevet captain for distinguished services on April 2, 1865, in the attack on Petersburg.

Second Lieutenant David B. Cooper, Battery C, First New York Artillery, as first lieutenant by brevet for gallant and distinguished services in the assault of the enemy's works at Petersburg April 2, 1865.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 1, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant-General.

These recommendations are approved with the exception of that in case of Bvt. Brigadier General Charles G. Loring, whose services are believed to have been fully rewarded by the brevet commission which he now holds.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

