HDQRS. DISTRICT OF ALEXANDRIA, NINTH ARMY CORPS,Alexandria, Va., [May 29], 1865.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

COLONEL: In accordance with instructions from headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to submit the following list of enlisted men in the Ninth Corps who have pre-eminently distinguished themselves during the recent campaign, with recommendation that they be awarded medals of honor for their gallantry:

FIRST DIVISION.

1. Sergt. Eldbridge H. Benham, Company I, Thirty-eighth Wisconsin Volunteers, for conspicuous gallantry during the attack on Fort Mahone April 2, 1865. Wounded in the left shoulder while mounting the parapet of the fort, but refused to go to the rear, and remained on duty the whole day.

2. Sergt. Amos Hammon, Company D, Thirty-eighth Wisconsin Volunteers, was among the first to enter the fort, where his coolness and daring were conspicuous, assisting in turning and firing the first gun on the enemy.

3. Sergt. William E. Gibbons, Company K, Thirty-eighth Wisconsin Volunteers, for conspicuous gallantry in the assault April 2, 1865. In the darkness he became separated from his company, when he gathered a few men around him and charged down the lines to the right of the fort, capturing some twenty prisoners.

4. Sergt. Abram A. Devore, Company C, Thirty-eighth Wisconsin Volunteers, was among the first to enter Fort Mahone, taking several prisoners.

5. Corpl. Robert A. Lawrence, Company F, Thirty-eighth Wisconsin Volunteers, was one of the first to pass the chevaux-de-frise and mount the enemy's works April 2, 1865, loading and firing his gun several times after being severely wounded.

6. Corpl. Louis W. Hardwick, Company G, Thirty-eighth Wisconsin Volunteers, for conspicuous gallantry before Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865, when he was severely wounded in a hand-to-hand conflict.

7. Private John A. Ford, Company H, Thirty-eighth Wisconsin Volunteers, was particularly conspicuous for gallantry in the assault before Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865, being among the foremost in removing the chevaux-de-frise in front of Fort Mahone. He fell severely wounded inside the fort.

8. Private Thomas Criswell, Company E, Thirty-eighth Wisconsin Volunteers, gallantly ran in advance of his company, and by an extraordinary effort succeeded in removing a portion of the chevaux-de-frise. He was among the first to mount the fort, where he was severely wounded, losing his right land.

9. Private John Kramer, Company B, Thirty-eighth Wisconsin Volunteers, was among the first to enter Fort Mahone April 2, 1865, and during the day exhibited great courage and fortitude.

10. Color-Sergt. R. Campbell, First Michigan Sharpshooters, for conspicuous gallantry in the assault before Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865, planting the colors of his regiment on the works.

11. Sergt. William Wick, Company D, First Michigan Sharpshooters, was the first to enter the enemy's works in the attack of April 2, 1865, before Petersburg, Va., and engaged in a hand-to-hand conflict with the enemy.

