
29. Sergt. Lawson S. Warner, Company B, Eighth Michigan Veteran Volunteers, for conspicuous gallantry during the campaign before Petersburg, especially on April 2, 1865, being one of the first to wheel into position, load, and fire one of the captured guns at Fort Mahone.

30. First Sergt. E. L. Doolittle, Company G, Thirty-seventh Wisconsin Volunteers, displayed conspicuous gallantry on the 2nd of April in the attack and capture of Fort Mahone.

31. Sergt. Reuben D. Shaw, Company C, Thirty-seventh Wisconsin Volunteers, displayed conspicuous gallantry on the 2nd of April in the attack and capture of Fort Mahone.

32. Sergt. Charles E. Franck, Company I, Thirty-seventh Wisconsin Volunteers, displayed conspicuous gallantry on the 2nd of April in the attack and capture of Fort Mahone.

33. Private Payson Dunn, Company F, Thirty-seventh Wisconsin Volunteers, displayed conspicuous gallantry on the 2nd of April in the attack and capture of Fort Mahone.

34. Private Joseph Mach-me-non-o-nee, Company K, Thirty-seventh Wisconsin Volunteers, displayed conspicuous gallantry on the 2nd of April in the attack and capture of Fort Mahone.

35. Sergt. John McGregor, Company E, Twenty-seventh Michigan Volunteers, for conspicuous gallantry throughout the campaign, especially in the assault before Petersburg, Va.

36. Sergt. Henry A. Kichly, Company B, Twenty-seventh Michigan Volunteers, for conspicuous gallantry throughout the campaign, especially in the assault before Petersburg, Va.

37. Corpl. Silas Cramer, Company G, Twenty-seventh Michigan Volunteers, for conspicuous gallantry throughout the campaign, especially in the assault before Petersburg, Va.

38. Corpl. George Lane, Second Company Sharpshooters, Twenty-seventh Michigan Volunteers, for conspicuous gallantry throughout the campaign, especially in the assault before Petersburg, Va.

39. Color-Sergt. Charles Oliver, Company M, One hundredth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, captured the colors of the Thirty-first Georgia Infantry in the assault on Fort Stedman, and planted his regimental colors on the fort while it was still occupied by the enemy.

40. Private Joseph B. Chambers, Company F, One hundredth Pennsylvania Volunteers, captured the colors of the First Virginia Infantry in the assault on Fort Stedman March 25, 1865.

41. Corpl. M. D. Dewire, Company A, One hundredth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, in the assault on Fort Stedman March 25, 1865, captured a rebel flag-staff and part of the flag and recaptured the national camp-color staff.

SECOND DIVISION.

42. Private James Lawley, Company B, Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, who deserved from the enemy on the evening of January 1, 1865. On the morning of April 2, in the charge on Fort Mahone, when asked by Colonel Gowan, previous to the fall of that brave officer, what brought him there, he replied that he did no wish to be considered a coward. Although slightly wounded, and regardless of the fate that awaited him (should he fall into the enemy's hands), he remained on the field, and was one of the first to enter the captured fort.

43. Corpl. James Horan, Company C, Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, who urged his comrades forward and to the cannon's

