
mouth and entered the rebel fort. He has belonged to this regiment ever since its organization, has always been a good and faithful soldier, and has several scars on his person from wounds received in action during this rebellion.

44. Color-Sergt. John Taylor, Company A, Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, who carried the colors of his regiment through Fort Mahone to the enemy's second line. The color staff was twice shot off while in his hands.

45. Private James Mullen, Company I, Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, who, being among the first to enter Fort Mahone, turned the enemy's gun upon them, exerted himself in every way to use it to good advantage upon the flying foe.

46. Color-Sergt. Andrew J. Goodfellow, Company A, Forty-fifth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, who by his personal valor distinguished himself in the assault on Fort Mahone.

47. Corpl. Henry Irvin, Company E, Forty-fifth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, who by his personal valor distinguished himself int he assault on Fort Mahone.

48. Private Penrose Miller, Company E, Forty-fifth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, who by his personal valor distinguished himself in the assault on Fort Mahone.

49. Color-Corpl. John Kinsey, Company B, Forty-fifth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, who by his personal valor distinguished himself in the assault on Fort Mahone.

50. Color-Corpl. David W. Rees, Company G, Forty-fifth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, who by his personal valor distinguished himself in the assault on Fort Mahone.

51. Private Edward Mills, Company I, Forty-fifth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, who by his personal valor distinguished himself in the assault on Fort Mahone.

52. Private Frank Gravlin, Company K, Thirty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers, who distinguished himself in endeavoring to rally the troops on the right of the line on the afternoon of April 2, 1865, in the performance of which he was severely wounded.

53. Sergt. Peter M. W. Baldwin, Company E, Fifty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers, who in charge on Fort Mahone April 2, 1865, displayed great gallantry and performed his duty nobly.

54. Sergt. Edward Starr, Company K, Fifty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers, who in charge on Fort Mahone April 2, 1865, displayed great gallantry and performed his duty nobly.

55. Private John Anderson, Company H, Fifty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers, who in charge on Fort Mahone April 2, 1865, displayed great gallantry and performed his duty nobly.

56. Private Aaron D. Hathaway, Company G, Fifty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers, who in charge on Fort Mahone April 2, 1865, displayed great gallantry and performed his duty nobly.

57. Private John A. White, Company H, Fifty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers, who in charge on Fort Mahone April 2, 1865, displayed great gallantry and performed his duty nobly.

58. Private Edward Doten, Company I, Fifty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers, who in charge on Fort Mahone April 2, 1865, displayed great gallantry and performed his duty nobly.

59. Private Michael Noonan, Company E, Thirty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers, who while carrying fixed ammunition from Fort Sedgwick on the morning of April 2, 1865, was wounded, yet refused to

