
drop his load; having delivered it to the gunner in the captured lines, he returned to his company, and only left to have his wounds dressed when ordered by the commanding officer.

60. Private Victor Mahlstedt, Company E, Thirty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers, who while carrying fixed ammunition from Fort Sedgwick on the morning of April 2 was wounded, yet refused to drop his load; having delivered it to the gunners in the captured lines, he returned to his company, and only left to have his wounds dressed when ordered by the commanding officer.

61. Sergt. Charles H. Stevens, Company D, Thirty-ninth New Jersey Volunteers, who was wounded while assisting in firing one of the captured guns in Fort Mahone.

62. Private Henry A. Russell, Company E, Thirty-ninth New Jersey Volunteers, who was wounded while attending to the wounded of his regiment.

63. Color-Sergt. James Jarvis, Company I, Thirty-ninth New Jersey Volunteers, who when asked by an officer attempting to rally the men to give him to colors replied that he stood by those colors, and was afterward wounded.

64. Color-Sergt. Henry E. Badger, Company E, Sixth New Hampshire Veteran Volunteers, for coolness and gallantry in first entering a rebel fort and planting the Stars and Stripes on one of its guns on the 2nd of April 1865, before Petersburg, Va., also for soldierly conduct throughout his service.

65. Sergt. James O. Smith, Company A, Sixth New Hampshire Veteran Volunteers, for gallantry during the charge on the rebel fortified line and forts before Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865, also for bravery as color-bearer of regiment.

66. Color-Corpl. George W. Otterson, Company G, Sixth New Hampshire Veteran Volunteers, for gallant conduct during the charge on the enemy's works before Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1864, where he was wounded.

67. Sergt. Julius Voigt, Company K, Sixth New Hampshire Veteran Volunteers, for conspicuous gallantry during the charge on the enemy's lines before Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865, where he was wounded.

68. First Sergt. George F. Goldthwait, Company C, Thirty-first Maine Volunteers, for bravery and gallant conduct in the engagement of April 2, 1865, before Petersburg, Va. Sergeant Goldthwait was the first to enter one of the rebel forts and was wounded while assisting in turning one of the enemy's guns upon them.

69. Sergt. Warren Boothby, Company I, Thirty-first Maine Volunteers, for brave and gallant conduct in the engagement of April 2, 1865, before Petersburg, Va. During the action he seized the colors and, amid a shower of shot and shell, planted them upon the rebel works and stood by them until the action was ended. Whenever the men wavered he would grasp the colors, wave them in the face of the enemy, and call on the men to stand by him. By his brave example and words of encouragement he contributed all possible for one in his position to do toward the success of the day.

70. Corpl. Leonard Trafton, Company A, Thirty-first Maine Volunteers, first and foremost in every battle in which he was engaged, and particularly in the engagement of April 2, 1865.

71. First Sergt. Oscar S. Jennings, Company I, One hundred and seventy-ninth New York Volunteers, for his steady and unflinching bravery during the assault on the enemy's position April 2, 1865. As the

