
line advanced to the abatis, pressed on to the enemy's line, and entered the works and remained there during the day, exhibiting those qualities which entitle the soldier to the highest commendation.

72. First Sergt. Edwin Lamberson, Company A, One hundred and seventy-ninth New York Volunteers, for his steady and unflinching bravery during the assault on the enemy's position April 2, 1865. As the line advanced to the abatis, pressed on the enemy's line, and entered the works and remained there during the day, exhibiting those qualities which entitle the soldier to the highest commendation.

73. Sergt. George W. Mills, Company A, One hundred and seventy-ninth New York Volunteers, for his steady and unflinching bravery during the assault on the enemy's position April 2, 1865. As the line advanced to the abatis, pressed on to the enemy's line and entered the works and remained there during the day, exhibiting those qualities which entitle the soldier to the highest commendation.

74. Sergt. A. T. Courtright, Company A, One hundred and seventy-ninth New York Volunteers, for his steady and unflinching bravery during the assault on the enemy's position April 2, 1865. As the line advanced to the abatis, pressed on to the enemy's line and entered the works and remained there during the day, exhibiting those qualities which entitle the soldier to the highest commendation.

75. Sergt. Francis E. Thorne, Company A, One hundred and seventy-ninth New York Volunteers, for his steady and unflinching bravery during the assault on the enemy's position April 2, 1865. As the line advanced to the abatis, pressed on to the enemy's line and entered the works and remained there during the day, exhibiting those qualities which entitle the soldier to the highest commendation.

76. Corpl. S. H. McIntosh, Company D, One hundred and seventy-ninth New York Volunteers, for his steady and unflinching bravery during the assault on the enemy's position April 2, 1865. As the line advanced to the abatis, pressed on to the enemy's line and entered the works and remained there during the day, exhibiting those qualities which entitle the soldier to the highest commendation.

77. Corpl. Asa C. Ottarson, Company A, One hundred and seventy-ninth New York Volunteers, for his steady and unflinching bravery during the assault on the enemy's position April 2, 1865. As the line advanced to the abatis, pressed on to the enemy's line and entered the works and remained there during the day, exhibiting those qualities which entitle the soldier to the highest commendation.

78. Private Daniel J. Hunt, Company I, One hundred and seventy-ninth New York Volunteers, for his steady and unflinching bravery during the assault on the enemy's position April 2, 1865. As the line advanced to the abatis, pressed on to the enemy's line and entered the works and remained there during the day, exhibing those qualities which entitle the soldier to the highest commendation.

79. Private William S. Root, Company I, One hundred and seventy-ninth New York Volunteers, for his steady and unflinching bravery during the assault on the enemy's position April 2, 1865. As the line advanced to the abatis, pressed on to the enemy's line and entered the works and remained there during the day, exhibiting those qualities which entitle the soldier to the highest commendation.

80. Private William T. Harris, Company A, One hundred and seventy-ninth New York Volunteers, for his steady and unflinching bravery during the assault on the enemy's position April 2, 1865. As the line advanced to the abatis pressed on to the enemy's line and entered the works and remained there during the day, exhibiting those qualities which entitle the soldier to the highest commendation.

