
81. Private G. P. Taylor, Company E, One hundred and seventy-ninth New York Volunteers, for his steady and unflinching bravery during the assault on the enemy's position April 2, 1865. As the line advanced to the abatis, pressed on to the enemy's line and entered the works and remained there during the day, exhibiting those qualities which entitle the soldier to the highest commendation.

82. Private Robert R. Ferris, Company G, One hundred and seventy-ninth New York Volunteers, for his steady and unflinching bravery during the assault on the enemy's position April 2, 1865. As the line advanced to the abatis, pressed on to the enemy's line and entered the works and remained there during the day, exhibiting those qualities which entitle the soldier to the highest commendation.

THIRD DIVISION.

83. Private James Decker, Company D, Two hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers. On the morning of March 25, 1865, in the affair of Stedman, Private Decker captured a flag from the enemy, but during the confusion an officer wearing the badge of the First Division, Ninth Army Corps, whose name and rank could not be ascertained, snatched the flag away from him and ran to the rear with it. This statement is certified to by the commanding officers of Companies D, C, B, Two hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

84. Private Charles H. Keinert, Company F, Two hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers. This soldier captured a stand of rebel colors from the enemy March 25, 1865, but threw it away, saying that he would rather shoot a rebel than carry that thing. This is certified to by the commanding officer of the Two hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

85. Private John A. Sipe, Company I, Two hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, captured a flag from the enemy in the charge on Fort Stedman, killing the rebel color-bearer upon his refusing to surrender. The flag, however, was taken from Private Sipe by a field officer belonging to the corps, whose name and rank could not be ascertained. This is certified to by several members of the soldier's company.

86. Corpl. Frederick D. Feight, Company H, Second Pennsylvania Cavalry, orderly at headquarters Third Division, Ninth Army Corps, for conspicuous bravery displayed in carrying dispatches under fire during the affair of Stedman March 25, 1865.

87. Private Levi A. Smith, Company E, Two hundred Pennsylvania Volunteers, for conspicuous bravery in the affair of Stedman. After the color-sergeant had been shot down this soldier volunteered to carry the colors, which he did gallantly through the action.

88. Sergt. Elbridge Stiles, Company C, Two hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, color-bearer, for conspicuous bravery and gallant conduct during the affair of Fort Stedman March 25, 1865.

89. Sergt. Edward J. Humphreys, Company C, Two hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, color-bearer, for conspicuous bravery and gallant conduct during the affair of Fort Stedman March 25, 1865.

90. Private George Dull, Company F, Two hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, for gallantry in the charge at the retaking of Fort Stedman March 25, 1865.

91. Sergeant Shoutz, Company D, Two hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, for his bravery at Fort Stedman March 25, and in front of Petersburg April 2, 1865, where he commanded his company and led his men bravely on in the assault.

