
92. Sergt. J. H. Stephens, Company C, Two hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, for his bravery in the charges at Fort Stedman March 25 and April 2, 1865, in front of Petersburg.

93. Sergt. Henry Naber, Company C, Two hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, color-bearer, for bravery and gallantry, carrying the regimental colors in the charge at the retaking of Fort Stedman March 25, 1865, and in the assault on the enemy's lines in front of Fort Sedgwick April 2, 1865, when he was wounded.

94. Sergt. Daniel A. Seward, Company C, Two hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, for conspicuous gallantry in the repulse of the enemy at Fort Stedman March 25, 1865, and in the assault upon the enemy in front of Fort Sedgwick April 2, 1865.

95. Sergt. Charles H. Ilgenfritz, Company E, Two hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, for conspicuous gallantry in the assault upon the enemy's lines in front of Fort Sedgwick April 2, 1865.

96. Private Wilbur Brown, Company H, Two hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, for conspicuous gallantry in Fort Stedman March 25, and in the assault in front of Fort Sedgwick April 2, 1865; was severely wounded at the latter place.

97. Corpl. John M. Engle, Company I, Fifty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, for conspicuous gallantry on the picket-line in front of Petersburg March 29, 1865.

98. Private Thomas Troy, Company I, Fifty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, for distinguished gallantry during the night of April 2, 1865, in ascertaining the movements of the enemy, bringing the first reliable information of the evacuation of Petersburg, Va.

99. Sergt. Major J. S. McQuaid, Two hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, for great bravery displayed in front of Petersburg April 2, 1865. This soldier, with the assistance of some of the men, turned and ran into position the captured guns and used them against the retreating rebels, under heavy fire.

100. First Sergt. James F. Johnston, Company D, Two hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, for gallantry in front of Petersburg April 2, 1865. After the commissioned officers of the company were killed or wounded, this soldier took command of his company and rallied the men, directing their fire, until he fell severely wounded.

101. Sergt. William R. Moore, Company D, Two hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, color-bearer, for gallantry before Petersburg April 2. This soldier was in the advance in the assault upon the works, carried the colors through the entire engagement, and was the second man to unfurl the Federal flag over the city of Petersburg.

ARTILLERY BRIGADE.

102. Sergt. David Cole, Battery C, First New York Artillery, for bravery and coolness in action, working the guns captured from the enemy and otherwise distinguished himself for gallantry throughout the campaign.

103. Sergt. Gustavus A. Rice, Battery C, First New York Artillery, for bravery and coolness in action, working the guns captured from the enemy and otherwise distinguishing himself for gallantry throughout the campaign.

104. Corpl. Samuel T. Mallet, Battery C, First New York Artillery, for bravery and coolness in action, working the guns captured from the enemy and otherwise distinguishing himself throughout the campaign.

