
105. Private Hiram Webster, Battery C, First New York Artillery, for bravery and coolness in action, working the guns captured from the enemy and otherwise distinguishing himself for gallantry throughout the campaign.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General, Commanding.

No. 154. Report of Bvt. Major General Orlando B. Willcox, U. S. Army, commanding First Division.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,Washington, D. C., May 16, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the operations of this division in the field from the 29th of March to the 9th of April, 1865, inclusive:

On the night of the 29th of March, at 10.30 o'clock, the enemy opened on my lines, stretching from Fort Morton to the Appomattox, with all their artillery of every description, and some musketry from their main lines. At about 11 o'clock the artillery lulled. I expected an advance of the enemy's troops, and was ready to receive them, but no attack was made, and a desultory firing of artillery only continued through the night. It afterward appeared, from the official reports of the enemy, that they thought we had made an attack; in fact, Major-General Gordon reported such to be the case, and that they had handsomely repulsed us. But although we were under orders from corps headquarters to be ready to attack, and I had caused to be distributed axes for cutting the enemy's abatis, yet no sort of attack was actually ordered or made on our part.

The sensitiveness of the enemy seemed to encourage our men. Preparations were made on the 31st, as well as on April 1, for a night attack opposite Forts Haskell and Stedman, Third Brigade, and at a point in front of Ely's brigade, nearer the Appomattox. Through the night of the 2nd various threatening demonstrations were made along the line, and the enemy's picket-pits captured at various points, in pursuance of orders from corps headquarters, made in aid of operations being carried on the left of the army.

At about 1 o'clock on the morning of the 2nd of April orders were received from corps headquarters to mass one brigade, except garrisons by 4 o'clock on the same morning near Fort Sedgwick, on the Second Division front, where General Hartranft was to make a real attack with his division and a brigade from each of the other divisions, while by the same order I was directed to make a vigorous demonstration along my whole division line with the rest of my troops at the same hour. Colonel Harriman was accordingly detached with staff officers who knew the road, tools, ammunition, and every possible aid, to report to General Hartranft, and this brigade was in position and formed at the moment required.

The demonstration ordered along the line began precisely at 4 by the Second Brigade, Bvt. Colonel Ralph Ely; Third Brigade, Bvt. Colonel G. P. Robinson, and Colonel William J. Bolton, commanding Fifty-first Pennsylvania, left on the First Brigade line of intrenchments. Some of the enemy's

