
April 5.- Marched sixteen miles to near Jetersville Station.

April 6.- Marched to Sailor's Creek.

April 7.- Marched fourteen miles to Farmville.

April 8.- Marched fifteen miles to New Store.

April 9.- Marched ten miles to Clover Hill, near Appomattox Court-House, where Lee's army surrendered.

April 11.- Moved back to Farmville.

April 12.- Moved to Bush Creek.

April 13.- Moved to Burkenville Junction.]

April 23.- Moved to twenty-two miles to Keysville.

April 24.- Moved to twenty miles to Staunto River.

April 25.- Moved to twenty miles to Laurel Grove.

April 26.- Moved twenty miles to Brooklyn.

April 27.- Moved seventeen miles to Danville, which town was surrendered to the commanding officer Third Brigade, Second Division, Sixth Corps.

May 17.- Commenced embarking for Richmond part of Second Brigade.

May 18.- Part of Second Brigade left.

May 19.- Balance of First and Second Brigades left.

May 20.- Third Brigade and division headquarters embarked.

May 21.- Arrived at Manchester, Va.

May 24.- Passed through Richmond and marched twenty-one miles to Hanover Court-House.

May 25.- Marched fifteen miles to Chesterfield Station.

May 26.- Marched about ten miles.

May 29.- Marched twenty-one miles to Fredericksburg.

May 30.- Marched sixteen miles to Oak Hill.

May 31.- Marched seventeen miles to Wolf Run Shoals.

Third Division.

February 5.- The Second Brigade of this division was moved to that portion of the line formerly held by the First Division, Sixth Corps, which was sent to the left of the army.

February 7.- They were relieved in turn by the same troops, and then marched back to their original position.

February 9.- The Second Brigade was again moved at an early hour (in compliance with previous orders to extend the lines) in rear of the works occupied by the First Division, Second Army Corps, composing that portion of the line between Fort Fisther and Gregg, and which works they now occupy. During the remainder of the month no events of importance transpired.

March. 1 to 24.- Nothing of importance occurred.

March 25. -The division was ordered under arms, and at 1 p. m. offensive operations were undertaken, which resulted in taking the rebel line of works held by their pickets.

March 26, 27, and 28.-Considerable skirmishing ensued.

March 30 and 31.- Received orders to be in readiness to move at a moment's notice. Major Aaron Spangler, One hundred and tenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, wounded March 25, 1865. No other casualties occurred among commissioned officers during the month.

April 1.- The command remained encamped near Patrick's Station.

April 2.- At 4 a. m. the division, with the corps, assaulted and carried the enemy's works in its front, capturing six battle-flags and several pieces of artillery, besides many prisoners.

