
the enemy, two companies of the Twenty-seventh Michigan Volunteers were moved to the left of the Crater, the remaining five companies left near the Baxter road; several volleys were fired, accompanied by hearty cheers; the enemy's fire was such as to strengthen the belief that they had not removed any great part of their force from our front. The result of this demonstration being reported to me I ordered Colonel Waite to withdraw his troops, two companies being left to strengthen the line. During this time a heavy shelling had been kept up by both sides, resulting in no serious damage to us. About 2 a.m. orders were received from General Willcox to move the whole command, with the exception of the Fifty-first Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, to the left as far as Fort Sedgwick and to report to General Hartranft for orders. This was at once done, the Fifty-first Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers being left to occupy the whole front of the brigade. Upon arriving at Fort Sedgwick, by directions of Brigadier-General Hartranft, three regiments of this command were put into position to advance. The Thirty-eighth Wisconsin Volunteers took position twenty paces on the right of the Third Division of this corps, the One hundred and ninth New York Volunteers about ten paces in rear of the Thirty-eighth Wisconsin Volunteers, and the Eighth Michigan Volunteers about ten paces in rear of the One hundred and ninth New York Volunteers. The pioneer corps of this brigade was formed on the right of the Thirty-eighth Wisconsin Volunteers, and advanced with that regiment to cut away the abatis and chevaux-de-frise in front of the enemy's works; the Thirty-seventh Wisconsin Volunteers and the Twenty-seventh Michigan were held in reserve near Fort Sedgwick. Just at daylight the order was given to advance. The troops moved forward to the enemy's picket-line, capturing the pickets, and then with a cheer rushed forward to the assault of the main work, capturing Fort Mahone and five pieces of artillery and the entire garrison. The artillery was at once turned upon the enemy and was effectively served by the infantry until he arrival of a volunteer detachment of the First Connecticut Heavy Artillery. A detachment of the Seventh Maine Battery, commanded by Lieutenant Staples, also volunteered to work the captured guns in fort. Lieutenant Staples and his men rendered valuable assistance during the entire day. As soon as the assaulting party had carried the enemy's works the Twenty-seventh Michigan and Thirty-seventh Wisconsin Volunteers were ordered to their support, moving to the right of the position gained by the regiments that had already advanced.

I cannot speak in too high terms of the admirable conduct of the officers and enlisted men of my command, of the admirable disposition of the troops in the fort, and of the gallant manner in which they all performed the work assigned them.

Fearing the enemy might mass their troops on the right the Eighth Michigan was moved into a detached work a little to the rear and right of the fort, where they remained until the advance of the troops the following morning. During the daytime and night this detached work was connected by a continuous line with our old picket-line; the line was built and occupied by the Eighth and Twenty-seventh Michigan Volunteers. Colonel Carruth, commanding Seventh Rhode Island [Thirty-fifth Massachusetts] Volunteers, and Captain Twitchell, commanding Seventh Maine Battery, rendered valuable assistance during the day by supplying the infantry troops and artillery with ammunition. While holding the position gained during the day the enemy withdrew under cover of the night, and at daylight the entire brigade

