
advanced to the outskirts of the city, where they remained until ordered by General Willcox to return to the position occupied in our old line of works.

The following extract is taken from the report of Colonel William J. Bolton, commanding Fifty-first Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, left to occupy the brigade line:

Having extended my regiment the whole length of the brigade line I instructed them in case of attack to be prepared at any moment to move to any point on the line. Our casualties were during the day 1 man killed and 1 mortally wounded; this being done by our own shells. On the morning of the 3rd instant, suspecting the evacuation of the enemy, I sent a scout to ascertain the truth of falsity of my suspicion. He soon returned and reported that he had penetrated to the enemy's rear line, finding one man to every forty yards of the line. I ordered the officer of the picket to advance in front of the Crater; they met with no opposition and soon gained Cemetery Hill. At this point the picket officer sent to me for the colors, which I refused to send; however, they advanced and claimed to have been in the city twenty minutes before the national colors had been placed upon any building. They also claim to have captured some fifty prisoners.

Where officers and soldiers do their duty so nobly it is a difficult matter to particularize individuals or individual actions, but I cannot pass over the name of Colonel Bintliff, who led the assault and by his gallantry inspiring his troops to heroic deeds, as also Major R. M. Doyle, Eighth Michigan, Lieutenant-Colonel Waite, Twenty-seventh Michigan Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Green, Thirty-seventh Wisconsin Volunteers. I was also ably supported in the operations of the day by Captain Brackett, aide-de-camp, First Division, whose coolness and practical views I cannot too highly commend. To Brevet Major-General Hartranft I am greatly indebted, and the success of the movement is mainly due to him for his superior knowledge and coolness in directing the operations of the day and his constant presence on the field. Major John D. Bertolette, assistant adjutant-general to General Hartranft, and Captain Watts, aide-de-camp, also aided me greatly in furnishing the necessary entrenching tools and aiding me in many ways by their advice and experience. To Captain Norton, acting assistant adjutant-general, Captain McCreery, inspector-general, Captain Burnett, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant Maxon, pioneer officer of my staff, I am under deep obligations for the prompt and efficient manner in which every order was executed and the zeal with which they labored to make the movement an entire success.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. HARRIMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Bvt. Major WILLIAM V. RICHARDS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Ninth Army Corps.

No. 156. Report of Colonel Charles Waite, Twenty-seventh Michigan Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SEVENTH MICHIGAN INFANTRY,April 7, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command from the night of the 1st of April, 1865, to the night of the 3rd of April, 1865:

On the night of the 1st instant one commissioned officer and forty-five enlisted men were placed on picket duty with the left resting on the

