
second line of battle formed for the assault of Fort [Mahone?]. Moving forward at double-quick under a sharp musketry and artillery fire it quickly arrived at and disposed of the three lines of chevaux-de-frise and abatis surrounding the enemy's work, and pressing forward mounted the embankment of the fort, bayoneting and shooting the men at the cannon in the act of firing the same. The national flag carried by the color-guard of this regiment was the first planted on the captured work. Sixty-eight prisoners, including two commissioned officers, were secured. The cannon in the fort was, with the assistance of Thirty-eighth Wisconsin Volunteers, quickly turned upon and successfully worked against the enemy. The regiment occupied the fort until the morning of the 3rd, when, with the balance of First Brigade, they moved forward into Petersburg.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

C. K. PIER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

[Captain WARREN A. NORTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

No. 158. Report of Major Robert N. Roberts, Thirty-eighth Wisconsin Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-EIGHTH WISCONSIN VOLUNTEERS,April 7, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders just received, I have the honor to report that nothing outside the daily routine of picket duty before the lines held during the winter occurred in this command during the time elapsing from March 26 to the evening of April 1, 1865.

On the evening of the 1st instant, at 10 o'clock, the regiment was formed in the trenches, where it remained until 2 a.m., when it moved to the left and joined General Hartranft's division, remaining until near daylight, when a line was formed outside the trenches. Company A was detached from the regiment and placed on the right of the One hundred and ninth New York Volunteers, while B company was placed upon the left of same regiment. With this disposition of the troops the order to forward and charge the enemy's lines came. The regiment moved up in good and removing the lines of abatis scaled the works, capturing a rebel battery, and turning the guns upon the enemy. The line of works was held during the entire day and night of April 2, successfully repelling every attempt of the enemy to retake the works. During the early a.m. of the 3rd of the line advanced, passing over the hill, thence into the city, where the regiment remained about an hour, when it was marched back to camp, where we stayed during the balance of the day.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. N. ROBERTS,

Major, Commanding.

[Captain WARREN A. NORTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

