
pioneers to clear the road for artillery. Captain Stone, Fifth U. S. Artillery, followed the pioneers, and reached the court-house with two pieces just after daylight. At 4.25 a.m. Major Lounsberry was met in front of the court-house by three citizens bearing a flag of truce and a communication from the mayor and common council tendering the surrender of the town, and requesting that persons and private property be respected. But the gallant major could listen to no proposition until the "old flag" was floating from the highest point of the court-house steeple and proper pickets had been established in the vicinity, and patrols sent out to pick up stragglers, about 500 of whom we captured, many of them with arms; also 7 flags or colors. The major then assured the gentlemen that we came in the name of liberty and in the defense of the right, and that they need have no fear, for all would be well with them so long as they remained at home and conducted themselves properly. While the brigade was in the city all commands were implicitly honored and vigorously executed.

In his report the major says:

During the advance the command moved in magnificent style. The men were most completely under the control of their officers; not a man straggled, not a man left his place. The conduct of both officers and men was such as to reflect on our cause and cast a luster of glory over the profession of arms.

What was true of the First Michigan Sharpshooters and the Second Michigan also supplies truthfully to the rest of the command. I inclose herewith the "original" surrender of the city.

Respectfully submitted.

I remain, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RALPH ELY,

Brevet-Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Bvt. Major WILLIAM V. RICHARDS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

PETERSBURG, April 3, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding the Armies of the U. S., or

THE MAJOR-GENERAL COMMANDING U. S. FORCES,

IN FRONT OF PETERSBURG:

GENERAL: The city of Petersburg having been evacuated by the Confederate troops, we, a committee authorized by the common council, do hereby surrender the city to the U. S. forces, with a request for the protection of the persons and property of its inhabitants.

We are, respectfully, your obedient servants,

W. W. TOWNES,

Mayor.

D'ARCY PAUL,

CHAS. F. COLLIER.

No. 160. Report of Captain Albert A. Day, Twentieth Michigan Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH MICHIGAN VOLUNTEERS,Ford's Farm, Va., April 18, 1865.

MAJOR: In compliance with extract from Special Orders, No. 94, dated headquarters Army of the Potomac, April 14, 1865, I would

