
respectfully report with regard to the operations of this regiment, as follows:

The alarm having been given the command was promptly turned out between 10 and 11 o'clock the night of the 29th ultimo. With the exception of a desultory fire from the artillery of the enemy nothing of importance took place during the night. The men remained under arms until daylight. Four men were wounded during the night. From that time forward the troops of this command in Battery No. 9 were almost constantly on the alert in expectation of an attack or evacuation on the part of the enemy, the men often being turned out three and four times during a night. On the morning of the 1st instant fifty men were ordered into the skirmish pits to charge the enemy's works; the order being countermanded, they were returned to the regiment. The following morning the entire regiment was ordered out to support a charge to be made by the Second Michigan Volunteers before daylight. At daylight, nothing having been done on the left of Battery No. 9, where the Second Michigan was expected to make a demonstration, this regiment was ordered to form a line in rear of the skirmish pits in front of Fort McGilvery; alter remaining in that position until about 9 a.m. the regiment was ordered back to Battery No. 9.

On the morning of the 3rd instant, a short time before daylight, the evacuation of the enemy having been reported, the regiment entered the city of Petersburg the third in order, and the colors were placed with those of the First Michigan Sharpshooter on the court-house of that city. The men of the regiment were at once place on duty as safeguards and provost guards; the regiment continued on such duty until the morning of the 5th instant, when it moved with the brigade fifteen miles from Petersburg, on the Cox road, where it is at present on duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALBERT A. DAY,

Captain, Commanding Twentieth Michigan Volunteers.

Bvt. Major C. A. LOUNSBERRY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 161. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Adolph Becker, Forty-sixth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. FORTY-SIXTH NEW YORK VETERAN VOLS.,April 20, 1865.

In compliance with Special Order 94, headquarters Army of the Potomac, dated April 14, 1865, I have the honor to make to following report, showing the operations of the Forty-sixth Regiment, New York Veteran Volunteers, from the 29th ultimo to the 9th instant, both inclusive:

The Forty-sixth Regiment was stationed on the 29th ultimo at Forts Mansfield and McGilvery as garrison; during the night of the 29th the enemy directed a terrific fire of shot, shell, and musketry against those forts, killing 2 enlisted men, wounding 1 officer and 3 enlisted men, destroying some Springfield rifles and a large amount of camp and garrison equipage. From the 30th ultimo until the 1st instant the forts were repaired by the men.

On the 2nd of April at daybreak a demonstration was made by the regiment which resulted in the capture of the rebel pickets. The

