
April 3 to 5.- Pursued the enemy in direction of Burkeville Junction.

April 6. - Overtook and engaged a portion of the enemy at Sailor's Creek, where a severe battler ensued, which resulted in the complete rout of the enemy and capture of General Ewell and his command.

April 7 and 8.- Continued the pursuit in direction of Lynchburg.

April 9.- After marching some twelve miles the command was halted, where it remained until the news was received of Lee's surrender.

April 11 to 13. - Returned to Burkeville Junction and encamped in that vicinity.

April 23.- With the corps marched in direction of Danville, Va.

April 27.- Arrived at Danville and encamped southwest of the city.

April 28 to 30.- Remained in camp.

May 16.- Under orders the division broke camp near Danville, Va., and embarked on cars for Manchester.

May 17.- Arrived at Manchester and encamped near the town.

May 24.- Broke camp and took up line or march for Washington, being reviewed in passing through Richmond by Major-General Halleck.

May 29.-Reached Fredericksburg, Va.

May 30 and 31.- Continued the march in direction of Washington.

June 1.- Reached Fairfax Court-House.

June 2.- Marched to Bailey's Cross-Roads and went into camp, remaining there to date [June 30].

First Brigade, Third Division.

[February.]- Nothing of importance to relate during the month. The headquarters and troops occupy the same position as when the last report was forwarded, viz, in front of Petersburg, Va., near Warren's Station, Weldon railroad.

April 2.- In the morning this brigade was placed in position in three lines of battle, on the extreme left of the Sixth Corps, in front of Fort Welch, and distant from the enemy's picket-line about 150 yards. At 4,30 a. m. the entire corps charged the enemy's works and succeed in carrying them. This brigade on entering the works, wheeled to the left and charged down the enemy's lines toward Hatcher's Run, driving and capturing all before it. We captured 14 cannon, caissons, &amp;c., and about 1,100 prisoners. We succeeded in reaching the South Side Railroad and held our position. This movement compelled the evacuation of Petersburg, and during the night the last of the army had left. The enemy were rapidly and closely pursued, and were met again near Destonsville, at Sailor's Creek. This brigade was again engaged, and, after a severe fight, succeeded in capturing nearly the entire force. The next morning [April 7] continued the pursuit and followed the enemy closely to near Clover Hill, where, on the afternoon of April 9, General Lee surrendered the entire Army of Northern Virginia.

April 11.- In the morning we commenced retracing our steps for Burkeville. Junction, which place we reached on the afternoon of the 13th. Here we went into camp and remained until the 23rd.

April 23.- We marched for Danville.

April 27.- This place [Danville] we reached about midday, when we went into camp, and where we are at the present time. [April 30].

