
assaulting party was then withdrawn and the wounded taken from the field; 1 officer and 14 enlisted men wounded and 1 man missing. On the evening 2 enlisted men were wounded on picket in front of Fort McGilvery.

About 2 o'clock on the morning of the 3rd instant the pickets reported that the enemy evacuated the line of fortifications, and were at daybreak ordered to advance toward city of Petersburg, which was promptly executed; by entering the city one man of the regiment captured a rebel battle-flag, which was delivered to Second Brigade headquarters; after a short stay at the city the regiment was sent as a scouting party across the Appomattox River near Pocahontas; by so doing 2 field pieces of artillery, 3 caissons, 30 ambulances, 10 army wagons, and about 350 rebel prisoners fell into our hands.

Remained there on picket during the following night and day until relieved on the 4th of April, when we marched to the camp ground of Second Brigade, south of Petersburg, near Cox's road.

On the 5th instant the regiment marched to Sutherland's Station, a distance of ten miles; arriving there the whole command was ordered to form a picket-line of three miles extension along Cox's road and South Side Railroad, doing picket duty there until the 9th instant, when we were relieved by the Fiftieth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, and ordered to move farther south to Ford's Station, South Side Railroad, about six miles distance; guarding the South Side Railroad since that date.

List of casualties during the operations before Petersburg from the 29th ultimo no the 9th instant, both inclusive: Two men killed, 2 officers and 17 men wounded, 1 man missing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADOLPH BECKER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

No. 162. Report of Colonel James Bintliff, Thirty-eighth Wisconsin Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., NINTH CORPS,April 19, 1865.

SIR: In obedience to Special Orders, No. 94, headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to report that on the night of March 29, 1865, a severe artillery duel took place on the Third Brigade front, and it was believed that the enemy were preparing for an attack, but before morning everything had quieted again and the pickets, a part of whom had come in, were re-established.

On the night of March 31, pursuant to orders from division headquarters, 5 officers and 225 men were detailed as skirmishers and preparations made for an assault on the Spring Hill position opposite Fort Stedman. The plan was not carried out, the enemy having received information of our preparations, and on the night of April 1, 1865, similar preparations were made, the position chosen for attack being the rifle-pits lost by General Egan to the left of the pond in front of the One hundredth Pennsylvania Volunteers. This assault, although well prepared for, and offering fair prospects of success, was not ordered, and on the night of the 1st of April preparations were again made for assaulting the same place, and in the morning of the 2nd Captain J. F. Carter, Third Maryland Battalion, with a detail of 100

