
men, supported by the One hundredth Pennsylvania Volunteers, advanced and attacked, but finding the enemy in strong force and learning after a heavy skirmish that the works on our left had been carried, and that the Second Brigade had penetrated the line to our right and were in need of re-enforcements, the One hundredth Pennsylvania Volunteers was sent to their assistance and only a desultory skirmish fire kept up along our front. At 11 a.m.,

it was resolved to again attempt the enemy's line with a view of at least retaining the troops then facing us in their position, and two companies of the Eighteenth New Hampshire Volunteers were advanced against the Eighteenth New Hampshire Volunteers were advanced against the works on the (our) right of spring Hill, receiving a strong fire and stopping the further weakening of the line on our front.

At about 9 p. m. this day the undersigned assumed command of the brigade, relieving Colonel G. P. robinson, and at shortly after midnight, April 3, Colonel Robinson forwarded a report that the enemy had evacuated. I directed him to take possession of the works and move cautiously to Cemetery Hill, sending for orders to division headquarters. At 2.15 I received a report from Colonel Robinson that the was at the white house on the hill, and soon after received permission to push forward into the city. At 5 a. m. the brigade moved from its old camp and reported to the major-general commanding at the court-house at 6. After marching through the city it returned to camp and moved again at 10 a. m., crossing the Appomattox and proceeding by the Richmond turnpike toward old Town Creek, establishing headquarters at Violet Bank.

On the morning of the 4th we again received orders to move, and recrossed the river about noon, and, taking the Cox road, moved to the old line of rebel works near McIlwaine's house, extending from the Appomattox to the plank road.

At 12 the next day the brigade moved to Sutherland's, and from there, at five minutes past midnight, April 6, again started on the Cox road, relieving the pickets of the Third Division from Poole's house, below Ford's, to a mile beyond Beasley's.

On April 8 the line of the brigade was altered to extend from Ford's to one mile beyond Wilson's. Lists of casualties accompanying this* and lists of captures of colors and guns have already been forwarded.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES BINTLIFF,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major WILLIAM V. RICHARDS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 163. Report of Captain John M. Deane, Twenty-ninth Massachusetts Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-NINTH MASSACHUSETTS VET. VOLS.,April 18, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular from brigade headquarters dated April 17, 1865, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this command from the 29th ultimo to the 9th instant, both inclusive:

On the 29th ultimo this command was encamped at Battery Numbers 11 before Petersburg, Va., and remained in that position until the morning

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 589.

---------------

