
of April 3, 1865, when it advanced into the city of Petersburg, crossed the Appomattox, and encamped at Violet Bank. On the 4th instant the command recrossed the Appomattox and camped on Pryor's farm. On command the 5th instant moved to Sutherland's, and on the to Ford's Station on the South Side Railroad, where it remained until the 12th instant.

The casualties from the 29th ultimo to the 9th instant were five men wounded. No guns nor colors were captured during the made period wounded. No guns nor colors were captured during the same period.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. DEANE,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain T. W. CLARKE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 9th Army Corps.

Numbers 164. Report of Major Ezra P. Gould, Fifty-ninth Massachusetts Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTY-NINTH MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS,April 18, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with circular of 17th instant from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the troops under my command.

During the week following the attack on Fort Stedman the utmost vigilance was required on our front, both to guard against any attack of the enemy and to discover and take immediate advantage of any signs of evacuation, and anything like rest was entirely out of the question, and throughout that week, therefore, the men of this command, even more than most others in the brigade, owing to our proximity to Fort Stedman, were ever sensitive to anything like an alarm, and were under arms in the trenches the greater part of every night. As early as 3 o'clock of Monday morning, the 3rd instant, the fires in the city and other signs indicated an evacuation and one of the sergeants was sent by me to discover the state of affairs in our front. He returned bringing word of the desertion ot the desertion ot the rebel works, and I immediately sent word of the same to brigade headquarters, and at 6 o'clock this regiment with the rest of the brigade entered the city. Since when we have been doing guard and picket duty around Petersburg and on the South Side Railroad.

No casualties have occurred and no captures of guns nor colors have been made during the time mentioned in circular.

EZRA P. GOULD,

Major, Fifty-ninth Massachusetts Volunteers, Commanding Regiment

Lieutenant M. STEWART,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 165. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph M. Clough, Eighteenth New Hampshire Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH Regiment NEW HAMPSHIRE VOLS.,Near Beasley's House, April 18, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular from headquarters Third Brigade, First Division, Ninth Army Corps, dated April 17, 1865, I have the honor to make the following report:

On the 29th ultimo this regiment was on the line on the immediate right of Fort Stedman. On the evening of that day, in a demonstration

