
made by the enemy on that portion of the line, Major Brown was killed and Lieutenant-Colonel Clough was slightly wounded; also 1 enlisted man killed and 4 wounded. The regiment remained in this position until April 3, the day of the evacuation of the lines before Petersburg.

In the demonstrations made upon the enemy's lines by the Third Brigade, First Division, Ninth Army Corps, on the 1st and 2nd instant, and 1 man killed and 4 wounded in a line of skirmishers thrown out on the 2nd instant. April 3, the regiment moved through Petersburg, crossed the Appomattox River, and moved forward on the Richmond road about two miles and encamped. On the 4th instant the

command recrossed the river and moved in the direction of the South Side Railroad, which it reached at a point near Ford's Station on the morning of the 6th instant, from which time to the 9th instant, inclusive, it was guarding the railroad in this vicinity, being encamped along the road in detachments.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. CLOUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel Eighteenth New Hampshire Volunteers.

Captain T. W. CLARKE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 9th Army Corps.

Numbers 166. Report of Major Norman J. Maxwell, One hundredth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 100TH PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,April 18, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this command from the 29th ultimo to 9th instant:

Immediately on the opening of the action of 29th ultimo two companies, B and G, were sent into Fort Haskell, as per orders from brigade headquarters. On the 1st a detail from the regiment was ordered to report to Captain Carter for the purpose of charging the works of the enemy the on Cemetery Hill. Four companies, A, F, D, and H, under command of Captain Charles Wilson, were held in readiness to support the assault of Captain Carter. The regiment was engaged in no other active operations.

Full details casualties, captures of colors, &amp;c., have already been sent you.

N. J. MAXWELL,

Major, Commanding 100th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain CLARKE, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 167. Report of Brigadier General Simon G. Griffin, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,May 15, 1865.

COLONEL: In compliance with orders received from army and corps headquarters I have the honor to submit the following report:

In the action of the 26th [25th] ultimo, when the enemy assaulted and captured Fort Stedman and were repulsed by our forces, this division

