
Second Brigade, Third Division.

February 1 to 4.- Troops of this command were encamped near Warren's Station, Va.

February 5.- The First Division, Sixth Army Corps, being absent on a reconnaissance, this brigade was directed to occupy the works formerly held by First Division, extending from Battery 24 to Fort Wadsworth, which was done.

February 7.- The First Division having returned from the reconnaissance, this brigade resumed its original position near Fort Keene.

February 9.- In obedience to orders received, the troops of this brigade broke camp and marched about one mile and a half to the left, and took position in the line of works previously occupied by First Division, Second Army Corps.

February 10 to 28.- No events of importance transpired worthy narration.

March 1 to 25.- The brigade remained encamped near Patrick's Station.

March 25.- Early in the morning the enemy attacked the right of the line of works held by the Army of the Potomac and gained a temporary advantage. This command was immediately ordered under arms and preparations were made for offensive movements. At 1 p. m. the One hundred and tenth and One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Volunteers were detached from the brigade and ordered to charge the enemy's picket-line, which they did in gallant style; but the nature of the ground being unfavorable for the maneuvering of troops, and the enemy being i considerable force, out troops were compelled to fall back. At 4 p. m. the brigade advanced, under a heavy fire of artillery and musketry, and succeeded in carrying the line of works held by the enemy's picket-line. Skirmishing was kept up until night.

March 26.- Slight skirmishing.

March 27.- Heavy skirmishing.

March 28 to 30.- Picket-firing kept up almost constantly.

March 31.- Received orders to be in readiness to move, which were afterward countermanded.

April 2.- This brigade took and active part in breaking the lines of the enemy in front of Petersburg.

April 3 to 5.-The enemy having retreated toward Lynchburg, this command, in conjunction with the rest of the army, participated in the pursuit of the rebels.

April 6.- This brigade was actively engaged with the enemy near Sailor's Creek about 4 p. m., resulting in the complete rout of the enemy.

April 9.- The news of Lee's surrender was received with much rejoicing by the troops of this command.

April 11 to 13.- Marched from the scene of Lee's surrender to Burkeville, where the troops encamped.

April 23.- Broke camp and took up the line of march with the division and corps in the direction of Danville.

April 27.- After nearly five days of hard marching, this command arrived at Danville, Va., and encamped near the city.

Artillery Brigade.

April 2.- Engagement in front of Petersburg.

April 3 to 6.- Pursued the enemy by the river route.

April 6.- Action at Sailor's Creek.

April 7 to 9.- Marched in pursuit of the enemy till near Clover Hill, Va., where Lee surrendered the Army of Northern Virginia.

