
April 11 to 13.- Returned to Burkeville Junction, via Farmville, where we encamped until morning of 23rd.

April 23.- Marched in direction of Danville.

April 27.- Arrived at Danville, Va.

NINTH ARMY CORPS.

[January.]- The troops occupy same position as at date of last return, and no movement has taken place during the month.

[February.]- There has been no movement of the corps during the month except the Third Division.

February 5.- Third Division moved to the left near Hatche's Run, where it remained under the orders of Major-General Humphreys until the evening of the 10th.

February 10.- It was relieved and returned to its former camp.

March 1 to 25.-Nothing unusual occurred along the line of the corps.

March 25.-In the morning the enemy made a desperate assault on Fort Stedman, in front of the lines of the First Division, and succeeded, after determined resistance on the part of the garrison, in gaining temporary possession of it. The lines were firmly held on either side of the fort until the Third Division, Brevet Major-General Hartranft commanding, came up, when a charge was made by his division and a portion of the First Division, which soon resulted in the recapture of the fort and the capture of a large number of prisoners, besides inflicting upon the enemy a severe loss in killed and wounded while being driven back to his works. Our loss was comparatively small.

Everything remained as usual during the remainder of the month, with the exception of more continued artillery firing.

April 1.- Corps occupied the trenches before Petersburg, Va.

April 2.- Engaged in the general assault upon the enemy, principally upon the works in front of Fort Sedwick.

April 3.- Marched through Petersburg in pursuit of Lee's retreating army, excepting First Division, which was left to guard the South Side Railroad from Petersburg to Black and Whites Station, extending to the latter place.

April 15.- The Second Brigade, Second Division, moved as far as Burkesville, and the First Brigade to Farmville. The Third Division remained at Nottoway Court-House, which place it reached on the 8th.

April 20.- Corps ordered to Washington, D. C., and started at once for City Point for embarkation.

April 24.- The First Division arrived at Alexandria, Va.

April 25.- The Third Division arrived.

April 26.- The Second Division arrived. The First Division moved through Washington and encamped near Tennallytown, D. C.

First Division.

March 1.- This command occupied the trenches on the right of the Army of the Potomac-its right on the Appomattox River, its left extending nearly to Fort Rice, on the left of Baxter road. It garrisoned on its front eight inclosed works, batteries, and the curtains between. There was also a picket on the Appomattox, extending down the river three miles. There was no movement or change of troops on this front, or anything beyond the usual routine of garrison duty and the fire of artillery and musketry, from which some casualties resulted, until the morning of the 25th.

