
ing the field several times under a hot fire. Sergt. G. A. Rice was wounded. Corpl. S. T. mallet sighted and fired the first captured gun. Private H. Webster was wounded.

Considering the very important results obtained and the stubborn resistance of the enemy, the casualties in this command were very slight, the total number being 6 men killed and 1 commissioned officer and 20 men wounded. The slight loss under so heavy a fire may be accounted for from the fact that from long experience in the position occupied the majority of the pieces were enabled to be kept under cover.

APPENDIX.

April 3, Petersburg being in our possession, preparations were immediately made to follow the retreating enemy, and the following batteries were selected to accompany this corps: Seventh Maine, Eleventh Massachusetts, D, Pennsylvania Volunteer Artillery, Ninth Massachusetts, and Third New Jersey Batteries. It not being considered that the other batteries would be required, they were sent with the Reserve Artillery of the army to City Point, Major Theo. Miller being placed temporarily in command of the whole. The Second Division being the leading division of the corps, two batteries, the Seventh Maine and Eleventh Massachusetts, were attached to it and accompanied it during the march, ready for any service that might be required. Though none of the batteries were called into action after the captured of Petersburg good use was made of the horses and men of the two batteries of the division in collecting the abandoned and captured enemy's guns.

It having been reported by Captain Twitchell, Seventh Maine Batery who had arrived with his command at Farmville, that a number of abandoned guns were in that vicinity, Major R. B. Ricketts was sent to find and collect them. The total number collected and placed near the railway at Burkeville was 110.

This corps being extended along the whole of the line of railway between Petersburg and Farmville, a distance of sixty-nine miles, the batteries were necessarily a long distance apart; while the Seventh Maine Battery was at Farmville, the Eleventh Massachusetts was at Burkeville, the Ninth Massachusetts at Nottoway Court-House, Battery D, Pennsylvania Artillery, at Beasley's house, and the Third New Jersey some miles nearer to Petersburg.

Orders to that effect having been received the batteries (on the morning of April 20) commenced to march back to City Point, where they arrived in good order on the 23rd. The commanding officer of the Ninth Massachusetts and Third New Jersey Batteries were then ordered to report to Brigadier-General Hays, who had relieved Major Miller in command of the Artillery Reserve, and the Nineteenth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-fourth New York Batteries were ordered to rejoin this corps to which they originally belonged.

Transports having been provided the six batteries were embarked at City Point for Alexandria, where they arrived on they arrived on the 28th of April' and near to which city they are now in park.

In closing this report of the important part taken by the artillery under my charge in the memorable siege of Petersburg, if affords me pleasure to mention the efficient, cheerful, and harmonious manner in which the members of my staff performed their respective duties. The following officers composed it: Major R. b. Ricketts, First Pennsylvania Artillery, assistant to chief of artillery; Captain Theodore Miller, Fourth New York Artillery, inspector of artillery; First Lieutenant Thomas.

