
Heasley, Thirty-forth New York Battery, acting assistant adjutant general; First Lieutenant George W. Booth, Eleventh Massachusetts Batery, acting ordnance officer; Captain Harry Brownson, assistant quartermaster; Captain Daniel S. Tompkins, Twenty-seventh Michigan Volunteers, acting commissary of subsistence; First Lieutenant Seth N. Hedges, Fourteenth New York Heavy Artillery, acting ordnance officer, in charge of ammunition train; Surg. William Ingalls, Fifty-ninth Massachusetts Veteran Volunteers, surgeon-in-chief.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. TIDBALL,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel J. D. BERTOLETTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General Ninth Army Corps.

(Same to Bvt. Major General Henry J. Hunt, Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac.)

Numbers 176.

Report of Captain Adelbert B. Twitchell, Seventh Battery Maine Light Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH MAINE BATTERY,Farmville, Va., April 12, 1865.

Report of operations of the Seventh Maine Battery, Artillery Brigade, Ninth Army Corps, from March 30 to April 12, 1865:

March 30, 1865, four of my guns were in position at Fort Sedqwick and two at Battery 21. Nothing unusual occurred at that point until evening of April 1. At 10 p. m. I received orders to open immediately and fired all my guns rapdly. For an hour, from 11 o'clock until 12m., fired slowly, one gun in five minutes. About fifty mortar shells were thrown in and about the fort the early part of the evening wounding some three of the infantry soldiers. At 4 a. m., April 2, at the signal from Fort Avery, all my guns opened, firing rapidly for fifteen minutes. Ceased firing for a time as the infantry was gathering for the charge in our front. the rebel line was carried just before the break of day. The enemy threw shell and canister quite rapidly for a few moments, but gave too high elevation, as nearly all the missiles passed over our works.

A little after light I received a request from Colonel Harriman, commanding a brigade of the First Division, to send cannoneers to the line in front of Battery 21 to work the captured guns. Lieutenant Staples immediately volunteered, as also did all the men of his section (in Battery 21) and one detachment of men from Battery D, Pennsylvania Artillery.

Lieutenant Staples, with the three detachments, went over to the captured guns and assisted in getting them in position but returned in about an hour and a half, as plenty of men were found to work the guns, nearly 100 having come over from our batteries in park and those guns stationed in the rear line. Frequent calls being made for ammunition I sent Private Frank S. Watde to the line occupied to ascertain the number and caliber of the captured guns. He reported eight in working order.

