
six light 12-pounders and two 3-inch. Details of men were furnished me from the infantry stationed in Fort Sedgwick, and I sent over to the front line all the ammunition needed, the men taking the ammunition up the Jerusalem plank road and delivering it to Captain Ritchie, Battery C, First New York, who distributed it along the line. After the line was taken and it was light enough to see my guns were trained and opened upon the forts and redoubts in rear of the main rebel line, and I kept up almost a constant fire the entire day.

From Fort Sedgwick we observed two or three charges by the rebels during the day, and my guns sent shell, and case-shot into their ranks with effect. About 8 a. m. I ordered that one 3-inch Parrott gun of Battery D, Pennsylvania Artillery, be taken from Battery 21 and placed on the left flank of my guns in Sedgwick, which, in connection with the left gun of my battery, could cover the left flank of Curtin's brigade, Potter's division.

These guns were well served and did good service during the day in checking the rebels, constantly threatening the left flank. My men worked without intermission during the entire day of April 2 in serving their guns and in receiving and sending ammunition to the line occupied by our troops.

Lieutenants Bundy and Thorp both volunteered to go over with their men to work the captured guns, but i was satisfied that a sufficient number of artillerymen had been sent over to work all the guns, and it was necessary to keep that point on our lines well manned. Besides, 1 believed my guns were doing good service in Sedqwick and Battery 21.

Though several officers and numbers of men were wounded in Sedgwick during the day I am happy to state that no casualties occurred in my command.

As near as I can judge I expended about 1,000 rounds of ammunition during the night of April 1 and the day of April 2. I cannot tell how many rounds were sent over to the front line. Monday, April 3, broke camp about noon and marched through Petersburg, via Fort Sedgwick (Fort Hell), on the Jerusalem plank road; marched about ten miles beyond Petersburg and went into camp about midnight. Starting at 8 a. m. Tuesday, the 4th, marched about five miles and halted until 4.30 p. m. and encamped not far from Saw-Mill Station; marched about fifteen miles. Wednesday, the 5th, between the hours of 10 a. m. and 9 p. m., marched about twenty-two miles, crossing the railroad frequently, and encamped for the night at Wellville Station. Thursday, 6th, left park about 6.30 a. m., and marched all day and until 10 p. m., when we arrived at Burkeville and went into part, having marched about twenty miles. On our way passed through the village of Nottoway Court House, eight miles from Burkeville. Friday, 7th, moved our park about one-half mile where we remained until Sunday, 9th, when, at 2.30 p. m., we started on the road to Farmville, marched about twelve miles and parked for the night. Monday, the 10th, resumed the march at 7 a. m. and arrived at Farmville at 9 a. m., having marched six miles.

Wednesday, the 5th, I reported with my battery to Brigadier-General Curtin, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Ninth Army Corps, and have been with the brigade since.

Respectfully submitted.

A. B. TWITCHELL,

Captain, Commanding Seventh Maine Battery.

