
right I ceased firing. Firing was again resumed about 6 a. m. of the 2nd instant upon the enemy's batteries, which had an enfilading fire upon the lines taken by our troops. The firing was kept up during the greater portion of the day with seeming good effect, as the enemy's fire gradually slackened and finally ceased.

During the action 149 rounds of ammunition were expended.

No Casualties were experienced in the command.

During the operations of the two days sixty men of my battery were detail as pioneers to remove obstacles in front of batteries advancing into the enemy's lines. The detail was under the immediate command of the commanding officer of the Twenty-seventh New York Battery.

Respectfully submitted.

R. S. MILTON,

Captain Ninth Massachusetts Battery.

Lieutenant HEASLEY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigadier, Ninth Army Corps.

Numbers 179. Report of Captain Edward J. Jones, Eleventh Battery Massachusetts Light Artillery.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH MASSACHUSETTS LIGHT BATTERY,In the Field, at Burkeville Station, Va., April 11, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In response to General Orders, Numbers 12, I have the honor report that my command occupied Fort Friend, and the ground on its right and left flanks, covering a portion of our lines in front of Petersburg, during the period referred to in said order, i. e., 30th March ultimo to 3rd April, day of the evacuation of Petersburg, and from 9 o'clock on the evening of the 30th ultimo to the morning of the 3rd instant, when we were ordered forward with the Second Division. My command were at their posts ready for action, but no favorable opportunity presented itself for us to engage the enemy.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

EDWARD J. JONES,

Captain Eleventh Massachusetts Light Battery.

Captain CHARLES E. MALIAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Artillery Brigadier, Ninth Army Corps.

Numbers 180. Report of Captain Joseph W. B. Wright, Fourteenth Battery Massachusetts Light Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH MASSACHUSETTS BATTERY,Near City Point, Va., April 5, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of operations of this command from March 31, 1865, to date:

The right section of this command was in position in Battery 10, the left section in Battery 14. On the night of April 1 both sections commenced action at 11 o'clock and continued during the night. During the 2nd of April the right section continued in action, by direction of Major T. Miller, inspector of artillery, Ninth Army Corps, to prevent the enemy moving troops from our right to the left; was also engaged in supporting a charge made by the Seventeenth Michigan Regiment. The left section was engaged in shelling the Mound Fort, and whenever

