
in sight the enemy's columns in their attempts to retake the captured works in front of Fort Hell, occasionally throwing shells into Petersburg. During the night of April 1 the battery threw 230 shells into the enemy's lines, and on the 2nd, 245 shells. Both sections of battery came out of position during the forenoon of 3rd, to camp near Meade's Station.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. WRIGHT,

Captain, Commanding Fourteenth Massachusetts Battery.

Lieutenant T. HEASLEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Artillery Brigade.

Numbers 181. Report of Bvt. Major Christian Woerner, Third Battery New Jersey Light Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD NEW JERSEY BATTERY,Petersburg, Va., April 5, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report the operations of my battery from March 30 to the evacuation of Petersburg as follows:

On March 30 four guns of my battery were in position in Fort Hakell, and two in reserve in the caisson camp; nothing worthy of remark has occurred on that day about Fort Haskell. On the 1st instant, according to directions received, I opened and kept up a stedy fire from the four guns in Fort Haskell on the enemy's works on Cemetery and Spring Hills from 11.30 p. m. until 2 a. m. of 2nd instant, and from 4 to 9 a. m. of the 2nd instant; not a single shot was fired from the enemy's works in response. From 1 to 5 p. m. of 2nd instant I kept up fire against a mortar battery of the enemy near Fort Mahone, who were shelling the forts captured by our troops. From 5 p. m., April 2, to the evacuation of this town nothing worthy of record has occurred in fort Haskell. The two guns of my batter in camp were held in reserve near the Avery house from the night of the 1st till the morning of the 3rd of April prepared for any service.

No casualties have occurred during the above mentioned time in my battery, and the expenditure of ammunition during the same time was as follows: 74 rounds of solid shot; 215 rounds of spherical case; 9 rounds of shell.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHRISTIAN WOERNER,

Brevet-Major U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Lieutenant THOMAS HEASLEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. BATTERY C, FIRST NEW YORK ARTILLERY,April 5, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with circular dated headquarters Artillery Brigade, Ninth Corps, April 4, 1865, I have the honor to transmit the following

