
vainly endeavoring to urge forward, took courage when they saw the artillerymen charging past them with nothing but hand spikes and reamer staves and jumped up and went forward.

I cannot do justice without mentioning the names of my officers, First Lieutenant George E. Ketchum and Second Lieutenant David B. Cooper. Both behaved with coolness and gallantry and performed excellent service.

My First Sergt. David Cole displayed great coolness and courage by attending to the supply of ammunition, crossing the field several times under a hot fire. Other enlisted men who particularly distinguished themselves were Sergt. Gustavus A. Rice (wounded), Corpls. Samuel T. Mallet (who sighted and fired the first gun), George S. Bennett, and Jacob S. Cole; Privates Cleary, Mooney, Webster (wounded), and Thompson. Quite a number of my cannoneers were new men, but soon became veterans in conduct.

During the day I was re-enforced by ten men with a sergeant and corporal, from Battery B, First Pennsylvania, under charge of First Lieutenant Rice; about a dozen men with a sergeant and one or two corporals from the Twenty-seventh New York Battery, under First Lieutenant Teller, and two detachments with their non-commissioned officers, under charge of Second Lieutenant Page, from the Fifth Massachusetts Battery. Captain McClelland, of B, First Pennsylvania, was present part of the day and rendered good service. Captain McClelland and Lieutenant Page were slightly wounded .

To all the officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates of Battery B, First Pennsylvania, Twenty-seventh New York Independent Battery, and the Fifth Massachusetts Battery, who assisted to work the guns in the rebel fort, too much praise can scarcely be awarded. I have mentioned them in the order which they came to the fort, and I wound further mention particular instances of gallantry and coolness, but will leave this for the officers of the respective batteries.

Between 3 and 4 p. m. the rebels made a charge and nearly succeeded in recapturing the fort, on account of the inexcusable retreat of quite a large number of the infantry which occupied the fort. The infantry for a short time prevented the working of the guns, by ruining over the cannoneers at their posts, but enough stuck to their guns to soon get them working again, and the panic was finally checked, but not till after an exhibition of the most disgraceful cowardice and inefficiency on the part of many of the officers of the one-year regiments. There appeared to be a total lack of discipline in some of the regiments. it is my opinion that any time during the forenoon the enemy could have been driven out of the second line of works by a vigorous charge.

The arrival of General Collis' brigade and their good conduct in charging up to the fort at the time of the panic contributed to restore the courage of our troops and to check the enemy's advance.

It is impossible to give the exact number of rounds fired from the captured guns during the day, but I have set the approximate figure at 1,800 rounds.

About 4 p. m. Bvt. Major C. A. Philips, Fifth Massachusetts Battery, came up to the fort and by virtue of his rank assumed command remaining until the morning of the 3rd instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. F. RITCHIE,

Captain, First New York Artillery, Commanding Battery C.

Lieutenant THOMAS HEASLEY, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

