
Numbers 183. Report of Captain Angell Matthewson, Battery E, First New York Light Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTERY E, FIRST NEW YORK ARTILLERY,April 22, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the art taken by my battery in the recent operations:

During the day of the 29th ultimo the battery lay on a hill to the left and rear of Fort Stedman until about 11 p. m., when Lieutenant Barse commanding in my absence, received an order from Major-General Ord's chief of staff to immediately place one piece in Battery Numbers 13, to the left of Fort Haskell, the firing being very heavy from both sides at the time. This gun remained until after daylight on the morning of the 30th, when it was withdrawn. During the engagement of the previous evening Private William D. Gilmore was severely wounded in the right leg and left foot by the enemy's shell. About 10 o'clock on the evening of the 30th one section of the battery was placed in Battery Numbers 13. by order of General Tidball, commanding artillery of the Ninth Corps, where said section remained until the afternoon of the 3rd instant, engaging the enemy during the night of the 1st and the day of the 2nd instant. About 2 o'clock on the afternoon of the 3rd instant this section was withdrawn by order of General Tidball and the battery got in readiness to move to City Point, where it arrived about 9 p.m.

Resume.-Casualties: Private William D. Gilmore, wounded, March 29, 1865, in front of Petersburg, Battery Numbers 13.

Ammunition expended: Solid shot, 10; shell, 8 case shot, 29. Total 47 rounds.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ANGELL MATTHEWSON,

Captain, First New York Artillery, Commanding Battery E.

Lieutenant FORD MORRIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Artillery Brigade.

Numbers 184. Report of Lieutenant George H. Barse Battery E, First New York Light Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTERY E, FIRST NEW YORK ARTILLERY,April 6, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with circular from headquarters Artillery Reserve, Army of the Potomac,dated April 5, 1865, I have the honor to make the following report:

At 10 o'clock on the night of the 30th ultimo I received an order from Brevet Brigadier-General Tidball to place a section of my battery in Battery Numbers 13. Upon the receipt of the order I directed Second Lieutenant C. Humphreys to take the right section and proceed to Battery Numbers 13, which order was promptly executed. During the night of the 1st instant it took an active part in the heavy cannonading in front of Petersburg, and was engaged during the day following. My left se

