
Numbers 187. Report of Captain Edward W. Rogers, Nineteenth Battery New York Light Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH NEW YORK BATTERY,May 6, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of the Nineteenth New York Battery from Marched 30 until the capture of Petersburg:

On March 30 four guns of the battery were in Fort Stedman and two in reserve. The section in reserve was not employed during the time mentioned. During the days and nights of March 30 and 31 the cannoneers were kept at their posts almost without intermission, opening fire upon the enemy at different times as circumstances dictated. On the night of April 1, at about 11 o'clock, I opened my guns on the enemy's lines by direction of the general commanding Artillery Brigade, Ninth Army Corps, keeping up a steady fire for some time. During the entire night we kept on the alert and fired at intervals. Before daylight on the morning of the 3rd instant it was discovered that the enemy had evacuated his works during the night.

There were no casualties in my battery during these operations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. ROGERS,

Captain, Commanding Nineteenth New York Battery.

Captain CHARLES E. MALLIAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 188. Report of Captain John. B. Eaton, Twenty-seventh Battery New York Light Artillery.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SEVENTH NEW YORK BATTERY,Near Fort Davis, April 4, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with circular just received, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my battery during the engagement of the 2nd instant, which resulted in the evacuation of Petersburg:

On the evening of april 1 the right and left sections of my battery, commanded by First Lieutenants Moore and Teller, were in Fort Davis, the center section, under Second Lieutenant Phillips, was in park. On that evening I was directed by Brevet Brigadier-General Tidball to be prepared, incase the attack contemplated to be made on the following morning succeeded, to cut a passage through our works and advance Lieutenant Philllips' section in front of the line to support and follow up the advantage that might be gained. A working party from the Ninth Massachusetts Battery having been furnished me I had the section under cover just in the rear of Battery Numbers 21, with the working party ready to clear a passage for it, soon after the opening of the cannonade which immediately preceded the assault. The moment I perceived that the charge had been successful I opened a road through the parapet and abatis on the right of Battery Numbers 20, and Lieutenant

