
Phillips brought out his guns at a trot, going into position some distance in front of the abatis in fine style about 5 a. m. We were at once subjected to a fire of musketry as well as that from several of the enemy's batteries which latter, however, were rendered of comparatively little effect by the fire to which we subjected them.

In the meantime Lieutenant Teller had volunteered with two gun detachments to cross over to the rebel Battery Numbers 27 (formerly known to us as Fort Mahone), and assist in working the captured guns, while Lieutenant Moore remained in command of the four guns in Fort Davis. Later in the day Lieutenant Moore advanced two pieces outside the fort down the Jerusalem plank road, and performed efficient service in checking the fire of a rebel battery which was firing into our troops in Battery 27. One of his men was slightly wounded.

Lieutenant Teller remained with his men in Battery 27 until late in the afternoon. During a part of the day they were engaged in a hand to hand fight with the rebels, and one man was shot through the face. The remainder of the party returned to our line in safety, when their services were no longer required. I remained during the day with the section of Lieutenant Phillips in front of the line.

The guns and men wee exposed to the fire of the enemy without the slightest protection, but no casualties occurred, and I withdrew the pieces within the abatis at 5.30 p. m. by direction of General Tidball.

My officers all showed great gallantry and coolness. Lieutenant Teller very narrowly escaped death from a shell, and both Messrs. Moore and Phillips had several narrow escapes from injury.

I have the pleasure of reporting no casualties except the two above mentioned.

I remain, lieutenant, very respectfully,

JNO. B. EATON,

Captain, Commanding Twenty-seventh New York Battery.

Lieutenant THOMAS HEASLEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 189. Report of Bvt. Major Jacob Roemer, Thirty-fourth Battery New York Light Artillery.
HDQRS. THIRTY-FOURTH NEW YORK INDEPENDENT BATTY.,City Point, va., April 4, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor, in accordance with circular received April 4, 1865, to report the part taken by this command in the engagements of April 1, 2, and 3, before Petersburg, Va.:

April 1, in position four pieces in Fort McGilvery, and left section in Battery Numbers 5. Fort McGilvery had been heavily attacked during the night of March 31. It was garrisoned by the Forty-sixth New York Veteran Volunteer Infantry Regiment, four pieces Thirty-fourth New York Independent Veteran Volunteer Battery, and one section Fifth U. S. Artillery, light 12-pounders. Fired 405 rounds, one man wounded (Corporal Fuller). Direction of fire at the enemy's line with good effect. April 2, during the day at Cemetery Hill, were the enemy's batteries were playing on our troops where I tried my utmost to disturb their artillery fire on our line, and I also directed some of my

