
It affords me great pleasure to report the gallant conduct of Lieutenant Rice. He never for a moment left his post, at times greatly exposing himself in attempting to rally the infantry and their officers.

Major Phillips, Fifth Massachusetts Battery, Captain Ritchie, First New York, and Lieutenant Rice advanced one piece with a prolonged beyond the line and fired several rounds before our lines were advanced.

The next morning (3rd) received orders from General Tidball for the battery to be withdraw and parked.

About 1.200 rounds of ammunition were fired, exclusive of what was fired from the captured guns.

W. McCLELLAND,

Captain, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery, Commanding Battery B.

Numbers 191. Report of Captain Samuel H. Rhoads, Battery D, Pennsylvania Light Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTERY D, PENNSYLVANIA VOL. ARTILLERY,April 5, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations from March to morning of April 3:

Nothing of importance occurred on the 30th and 31st ultimo. About 11.30 p. m. on the 1st instant opened fire from all the guns of the battery, and continued until about 100 rounds were expended, then ceased until our forces charged the enemy's works, on the morning of the 2nd instant when all the guns opened. After daylight I took the three guns out of Fort Meikel and placed them in rear of the infantry quarters, on the left of the fort, and kept on firing, with short intermissions, until dark. The fire of these three guns was directed principally upon the enemy's batteries, from in front of Fort Rice to Cemetery Hill, and upon their front line and covered ways, from which their infantry fired between these points. The fire of the piece in Fort Rice was directed upon the same points. The section in Battery 21, in charge of Lieutenant Sailor, was fired upon that work until 9 a. m., when one piece was moved to fort Sedgwick. Both these guns were worked, with short intermissions, all day.

The three guns in Fort Meikel fired 628 rounds during the night of the 1st, and on the 2nd instant the gun, in Fort Rice fired 37 rounds, and the section in and near Fort Sedgwick expended, as near as possible to ascertain, 250 to 300 rounds.

About daylight on the 2nd a detail of seven men, in charge of a gunner was sent to one of the captured forts to assist in working the guns captured from the enemy. After being there about one hour the detail returned to Battery 21. One of the captured guns, in charge of the corporal and manned by infantry, fired about sixty rounds. The remainder of the detail were distributed among other guns to assist the infantry. About noon another detachment was sent to work the guns in a fort our forces attempted to capture. The men went over to the charging force, but, as they failed to capture the work, the men returned to the section after the failure.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL H. RHOADS,

Captain, Commanding Battery D, Pennsylvania Vol. Artillery.

Lieutenant THOMAS HEASLEY, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

