
Corps, thus bringing them in rear of the advance of the Ninth corps. I then posted my section and started forward with my orderly to see if I could cross the bridge over the Appomattox. When within a hundred yards of it I saw fire rebel infantry with muskets (a picket-guard that was too late to cross as the bridge was burning.) I charged upon them, calling on them to surrender; they did so,the five of them, laying down their muskets after a little hesitation, surrendered to myself and orderly our arms consisting of my saber. We found the bridge too far gone to save. I was fired upon some persons from a house close by. The horse of my orderly was shot.

I had not gone the length of a square before I picked up fourteen more prisoners, all of whom I turned over to an infantry officer who came up. I then will a small party of infantry charged upon the house from which the shots came, but I was unable to find the man who fired. I took possession of the house, which was a cotton factory containing some one hundred and forty bales of spun yarn and fifty bales of cotton. Placing a guard over the premises I then reported my section to General Willcox, commanding the artillery. He ordered me to bring up the whole of my battery, and baggage, and afterward to go into camp near Colonel Ely's brigade on the cox road about one mile from Petersburg, where I remain at present. There was no other artillery except my battery in Petersburg before 10 a. m.

I would take this opportunity of mentioning Lieutenant C. C. MacConnell, Fifth U. S. Artillery. He was in charge of the section in Fort McGilvery. I was so short of horses in the battery that I could not at the time permit him one to ride. He double-quacked it on foot into the city. During the engagements of the past few days he has acted with great coolness, bravery, and gallantry, and I think that he has fairly earned a brevet for his conduct upon this occasion, to say nothing of his previous services.

Lieutenant Theo. Huysman, Fourth New York Artillery, temporarily attached to the battery, did excellent service.

Bugler Andrew R. Muller, Battery C, Fifth U. S. Artillery, deserves great credit for the extraordinary coolness and bravery shown by him while carrying orders for me, passing to and for from the front repeatedly under a heavy fire of artillery and musketry.

Sergeants Martin Malloy and Patrick Doherty, Battery I, Fifth U. S. Artillery, deserve credit for the skill with which they managed their guns and for the correctness of their firing.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

VAL. H. STONE,

First Lieutenant, Fifth U. S. Artillery, Commanding Battery C an I.

ACTG. ASST. General, ARTILLERY BRIGADE, NINTH CORPS.
HEADQUARTERS INDEPENDENT BRIGADE,April 19, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders from headquarters, Army of the Potomac, my command moved from City Point to Meade's Station on the morning of the 2nd of April, arriving at that

