
point at 1 p. m., where I met, it and relieved Colonel Tippin, who was in command during my absence. It consisted of four regiments of infantry, as follows: Sixty-eighth and One hundred and fourteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Twentieth New York State Militia, and Sixty-first Massachusetts Volunteers . From Meade's Station I moved to the Avery house and reported to Major-General Parke, whom I found in Fort Rice. I was ordered by General Parke to move to fort Sedgwick and report to General Griffin. Arriving at Fort Sedqwick at 2 p. m. was ordered by General Griffin to move my command as judiciously as possible into the front line held by his troops, and avail myself of the first opportunity to force the line the enemy then held. While forming my brigade in the picket-line in front of Fort Sedgwick I discovered that some of our troops on our right of Fort Mahone were breaking and falling back in confusion under a heavy fire of musketry. I immediately charged with my command and succeeded, under a fierce artillery and musketry fire, in driving back the enemy and reoccupying the line. Fort Mahone was still held by the enemy and I made suppositions t pass to its rear and assault in reserve. This position I communicated in writing to General Griffin, and asked that a brigade might be ordered to support me. At about 4.30 p. m. I received permission in writing from General Griffing to make the assault and was informed that Hamblin's brigade of the Sixth Corps, was moving up to my support, and that the Two hundred and eighth and Two hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Regiments would also support men.

Having completed my arrangements and being about to move forward I received a communication from General Griffin directing me not to assault, as upon consultation it was deemed imprudent at present, but to strengthen my left and hold fast to what I had. I immediately countermanded the orders for assault and occupied my time during the remainder of the day in throwing up an entrenched line on my left flank, from Fort Mahone towards Fort Sedgwick. This work was performed by the Sixth-first Massachusetts (Colonel Walcott), under a severe fire from the sharpshooters in Fort Mahone.

At 2 a. m. on 3rd instant the enemy's fire having ceased and a staff officer from General Hartranft's headquarters (I believe) having informed me that deserters gave information of the evacuation of the line, I assaulted Fort Mahone, but found it deserted. I at once moved forward toward Petersburg in line of battle, the Zouaves being deployed as skirmisher, and notified General Parke of my movements, requesting that the troops on my right and left be directed not to fire upon my troops. At 4 a. m. I received an order from General Parke not to be too day hasty, as a general advance was ordered for 5 a. m. I then halted until daylight at which time I found that troops on my right and left were pressing forward. My skirmishers were then thrown forward at double-quick, and I resumed my forward movement arriving at Petersburg shortly after 5 a. m., my skirmishers being the first troops in the city from the west end.

The One hundred and fourteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers found in the hands of the enemy a U. S. national flag belonging to some regiment unknown, which flag I now have in my possession. Arriving at Petersburg and hearing that Campbell's brigade across the Appomattox River was on fire I pushed forward at double-quick with the Sixty-gushing the flames the bridge fell in about fifteen minutes after our arrival.

