
At 10 a. m. I received orders from General Parke to return to City Point with my command, at the same time receiving his warm congratulations and thanks for the gallant behavior of my brigade.

I cannot speak in too high terms of the admirable conduct of my officers and men, and when it is taken into consideration that they marched from City Point to Fort Sedqwick without a halt, and were then thrown against the enemy during a retrograde movement of some ol our own troops, I congratulate myself upon being a participant in the work.

The First Massachusetts Cavalry, of my brigade, wa son picket duty at Prince George Court-House.

I attach hereto a list of casualties.*

Respectfully submitted.

CHARLES H. T. COLLIS,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS INDEPENDENT BRIGADE,April 21, 1865.

Colonel G. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

COLONEL: In reply to your letter of the 18th instant asking that I "present at the earlier moment practicable the names of officers of my command who, in my judgment, have by meritorious services in the recent campaign rendered themselves worthy of promotion to the rank of major-general and brigadier-general, as well as of those of all grades who for the same reasons are held by me as deserving of promotions by brevet," I have the honor to transmit the following recommendations:

1. Colonel Charles F. Walcott, Sixty-first Massachusetts Volunteers, to be promoted to brigadier-general by brevet for gallant and meritorious service rendered on the 2nd of April in the assault on the enemy's works west of the Jerusalem plank road.

2. Lieutenant Colonel E. W. Stone, Sixty-first Massachusetts Volunteers, to the rank of colonel by brevet for gallant and meritorious services rendered upon the same occasion, and for his energy and perseverance in constructing a covered way near Fort Mahone under a severe fire of the enemy.

3. Major James G. C. Dodge, Sixty-first Massachusetts Volunteers, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for gallant and meritorious services in leading his regiment on the 2nd instant against the enemy's works (the regiment being left in front.) This officer has been twice wounded in action and, although a cripple, has insisted upon remaining in the service, notwithstanding advice to the from his physicians. His character upon the occasion referred to was of the most conspicuous character. The conduct of the three officers above-mentioned came under my immediate observation and I can safely say had great influence upon our success.

4. Captain Benjamin C. Shermer, One hundred and fourteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be major by brevet for meritorious conduct in taking charge of his regiment during the absence of his superior officers,

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 590.

---------------

