
reorganizing it and turning the works of the enemy so as to adapt them to our own defense.

5. Captain Alfred S. Newlin, One hundred and fourteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be major by brevet for gallant services rendered the brevet brigadier-general commanding as acting aide-de-camp. This officer after the brigade had occupied the enemy's main line organized and brought up to its support the fragments of several regiments of the Ninth Corps. He has in previous engagements been distinguished for his gallantry.

6. First Lieutenant and Quartermaster James Hartley, One hundred and fourteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be captain by brevet for gallant and meritorious services in the assault on the rebel works in front of Petersburg on Sunday, April 2. Though by reason of his position as quartermaster not called upon to take an active part in the operations nor to participate in the assault, he yet did both, and by his coolness and bravery rendered essential services to the commanding officer of his regiment and myself. So marked were his services that they were made the subject of a general order from these headquarters.

7. First., Lieutenant Benjamin Vaughan, Sixty-first Massachusetts Volunteers, to be captain by brevet for gallant conduct in refusing to leave the field after receiving a severe wound through the right shoulder early in the action, and remaining with his command for several hours thereafter and until the enemy's fire had ceased.

8. First. Lieutenant Edward H. Morrill, Sixty-first Massachusetts, Volunteers, to be captain by brevet for gallant conduct in promptly leading his command into a very dangerous position near Fort Mahone, which the regiment was ordered to occupy and hold at all hazards.

9. First. Lieutenant Henry W. Howard, Sixty- first Massachusetts volunteers, to be captain by brevet for gallant conduct in superintending the construction under fire of a line of works to cover the left flank of the line captured from the enemy and for his fearless conduct in very rapidly leading a line of skirmishers along the enemy's works to feel their position on the night of the 2nd and 3rd of April, at a time when it was unknown whether or not the line was still held by the enemy.

10. First Lieutenant Henry T. Johns, Sixty-first Massachusetts Volunteers, to be captain by brevet for taking the regimental colors from the color sergeant, who had fallen from exhaustion, and gallantly keeping them in their proper position.

11. Second Lieutenant Frank. T. Palmer, Sixty-first Massachusetts Volunteers, to be first lieutenant by braver for meritorious conduct in relieving Lieutenant Morrill from the dangerous position which was held by the left of the regiment when Lieutenant Morril had exhausted his ammunition, and for the remarkable bravery and energy which he displayed in holding the position.

12. First. Lieutenant Isaac P. Gragg Sixty-first Massachusetts Volunteers, to be captain by brevet for gallant conduct in carrying orders along the line.

13. Captain Michael Fulmer, Sixty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be major by brevet for gallant services in leading his command in an assault until severely wounded in the head near the ditch of the enemy's works.

14. Captain M. Snyder, Twentieth New York State Militia, to be major by brevet for gallantly leading his during the temporary absence of his colonel inthe assault on the enemy's works on the Jerusalem plank road on 2nd instant.

