
During the charge on the rebel line the regiment suffered a heavy loss in the death of Second Lieutenant Thomas B. Hart, a most excellent officer. First Lieutenant Benjamin Vaughan was severely wounded in the right shoulder, but refused to leave the field.

The loss of the regiment in enlisted men was 4 killed and 29 wounded.

I have the honor to inclose a corrected list of the casualties in the regiment.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. F. WALCOTT,

Colonel, Commanding Sixty-first Massachusetts Vol. Infty.

Captain J. M. SCHOONMAKER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Independent Brigade.

Numbers 195. Report of Colonel Jacob B. Hardenbergh, Eightieth New York Infantry (Twentieth Militia).
HDQRS. TWENTIETH REGIMENT NEW YORK STATE MILITIA,City Point, Va., April 5, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements and operations of my command on the 2nd and 3rd instant:

In obedience to orders received from Brigadier General H. W. Benham I moved at 8 a. m. on the 2nd instant, to the outer line of defenses to this place, and was placed in that of the works just to the left of City Point and Petersburg Railroad. Remaining there about one hour I received an order General H. W. Benham to move immediately to Meade's Station and await further instructions. Arriving at Meade's Station about 1 p. m., General H. W. Benham directed that the command move to the Avery house, just to the right and rear of Fort Sedqwick, commonly known as Fort Hell, where an officer wound be found who would designate what position in the works we should occupy. This was the last order of any kind received from Brigadier General H. W. Benham. Before arriving at the Avery house an order was received from Bvt. Brigadier General C. H. T. Collis to move the command to Fort Sedgwick. Upon arriving there General Collis directed the command to report to Brigadier-General Griffin, whose headquarters were in Fort Sedgwick. Upon reporting General griffin immediately directed that the command move to a work captured from the enemy in the morning and known as Battery Numbers 27, or Fort Damnation. In order to do this an open field had to be passed over which would subject the command to a very heavy fire from the enemy, as it was entirely commanded by his guns. The movement was promptly and admirably executed, with the loss of but three men wounded. Directly after the work designated by General Griffin was occupied by us we assisted in repelling a very desperate assault made ;upon it by the enemy. Almost an unceasing musketry fire was kept up with the enemy until quite late in the evening, when it died away as if by mutual, consent, and we rasped on our arms until about 4.45 a. m. the next morning, when orders were received from General Collis directing this command to support the skirmish line about to move in the city of Petersburg. We

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 590.

---------------

