
arrived in the city half an hour afterward, and immediately the regimental colors were hoisted upon the house of William Cameron. I think I can safely say that this was the first American flag that floated over the city after the foul rebel rag ceased to wave there. The command remained in the city until about 12 m., when orders from General Collis were received to move to City Point. Our camp was reached about 4. p. m.

I cannot speak in too high terms of the conduct of my officers and men. No instance of misbehavior occurred, and each seemed to vie with the other in doing his whole duty.

This is gratifying, especially on account of the fact that there were only four line officers present, and a very few of the old men. Most of the officers and a majority of the old men had been detailed on other duties.

The greater part of the men present were new men who were never before under fire.

The officers present with the regiment were Captains Snyder, Haysradt, France and Woodworth, and Adjutant Masten, all of whom behaved with much gallantry. Captain Snyder, during a temporary absence on my part, the first day was in command of the regiment

It is but justice to the men to state that the order to march to Meades' Station came very unexpectedly, and they were unprovided with haversacks, canteens, and overcoats; that they marched twelve of fourteen miles on a dusty road, a portion of the way on a double-quick, and endured fatigue, hunger, and cold without a murmur.

The following is a list of the casualties servant,

J. B. HARDENBERGH,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. M. SCHOONMAKER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 196. Report of Colonel Andrew H. Tippin, Sixty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-EIGHT Regiment, PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,City Point, April 6, 1865.

CAPTAIN: On the morning of the 2nd instant I received an order from brigade headquarters to move my command to the outer defenses of this post and take a position which would be assigned me in the works. Subsequent to moving I received a verbal order from General Patrick, through one of his staff, to take command of the brigade (independent) and report with it to General Benham, who had command of the works. I immediately did so, and position were assigned the different regiments of the brigade in the fortifications. I a very short time after I was ordered by General Benham to proceed forward with the brigade and report with it to him at Meade's Station, on the railroad each regiment to take nearest route to that point from its then position in the works. I did so, and again reported to General Benham at the station with the regiments which accompanied me on the route I took. I was then ordered on to Fort Sedqwick, were I met Brevet Brigadier-General Collis, the immediate commander of the

