
brigade, he having preceded the command to that point. I immediately reported to him, and he assumed command, conducting the operations henceforward.

Returning to my regiment and taking charge of it I shortly afterward received an order from General Collis to advance my command in the direction of the enemy's works. I immediately did so. In crossing the field in front of the enemy's line of works I fell in endeavoring to cross a deep ditch, seriously injuring myself, and was completely in the night, suffering severely.

Lieutenant Colonel Winslow succeeded me in the command of the regiment, and his report will fully detail its further operations.

During the night I again went forward to the works and remained until morning,but did not take command owing to my feeble condition.

Respectfully submitted.

A. H. TIPPIN,

Colonel, Commanding Sixty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain J. M. SCHOONMAKER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 197. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Robert E. Winslow, Sixty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-EIGHTH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,April 6, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the recent operations before Petersburg:

Early on the morning of the 2nd instant the command was ordered by Brigadier-General Benham to occupy the line of works constituting the outer defenses of City Point, the position assigned us being between Fort Craig and Fort Abbott, north of the telegraph road. About 10 a. m. of the same date we were ordered by Brigadier-General Benham to march to Meade's Station. That point reached we were placed in Fort Sedgwick, from which we were ordered by Brigadier-General Collis, who had then assumed the command, to charge the enemy's works immediately in our front. The charge was made in connection with the rest of the brigade. This regiment was forced a little to the left of the line consequence of obstructions and deep ditches, but we carried the works a little to the left of Fort Mahone, capturing two pieces of artillery in the works. There we lay the remainder of the day and the night, receiving no further orders. During the night six rebel deserter came into my line whom I sent under guard to the rear. At daylight of the 3rd, seeing the right of the brigade advancing in the direction of Petersburg, and receiving no orders, I immediately order an advance also and followed. With the rest of the brigade we returned to camp, which we reached about 6 p. m.

A list of casualties has been forwarded.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. WINSLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Sixty-eight Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain J. M. SCHOONMAKER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 590.

---------------

