
April.- The brigade was actively engage in the battles resulting in the capture of Richmond and Petersburg, Va.

April 3.- The brigade was the firs to occupy Petersburg in the morning. The flag of the First Michigan Sharpshooters was unfurled on the court-house dome at 4.28 a. m., and was the first Federal flag hoisted in the city.

April 5.- The command left Petersburg, and until April 20 were occupied in picketing the South Side Railroad, guarding private property, &amp;c., with headquarters established seventeen miles from Petersburg, on the aforesaid railroad.

April 20.- Were ordered to proceed via City Point and transport to Washington, D. c.

April 23.- Arrived at latter place.

Second Division.

[March.]- No change has taken place in the position of this division since last report.

April 1 and 2.- Engaged with the enemy before Petersburg.

April.- Followed the enemy's retreat through Petersburg along the line of South Side Railroad.

April 8.- Reached Burkeville Junction. The First Brigade was advanced to Farmville, remaining at that point until all U. S. forces had been withdrawn across the Appomattox to the vicinity of Burkeville.

April 21.- Commenced move to Washington, via City Point.

April 26.- Reached and encamped near Alexandria, Va., where the division is now stationed.

[May.]- No change has taken place in the position of this division since last monthly return.

First Brigade, Second Division.

[January.]- Engaged in siege operations before Petersburg, Va.

April 2.- Engaged with the enemy, and with the Second Brigade of this division, assaulted and carried Fort Mahone, before Petersburg, Va.

April 3.- Passed through Petersburg, Va., and encamped ten miles from this place; proceeded as guards for wagon trains and prisoners of war.

April 10.- Arrived in Farmville, Va., at which place the brigade did guard and provost duty.

April 20.- Left this place en route for Alexandria, Va.

April 24.- Arrived at City Point, Va.; embarked on the eve of April 26.

April 28.- Arrived at Alexandria, Va., and went into camp about one mile from town, near Fort Lyon.

Third Division.

February 1 to 5.- Remained in camp as reserves to the First and Second Divisions, Ninth Army Corps, from Appomattox to Fort Howard.

February 5.- The division was moved to the left to the vicinity of Hatcher's Run, where it remained under the orders of Major-General Humphreys, commanding Second Army Corps, until the evening of the 10th.

