
about 3 a. m. 3rd instant. The regiment remained in Petersburg about two hours, having had nothing to eat for twenty-four hours on its march to City Point, where we arrived about 5 p. m. 3rd instant.

The list of killed and wounded are as follows:*

I am, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

JOHN R. WATERHOUSE,

Captain Commanding Company F, 114th Pa. Vols., City Point, Va.

Lieutenant AUGUSTS W. FIX,

Acting Adjutant, 114th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Numbers 199. Reports of Major General Philip H. Sheridan, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry.

CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS,

Five Forks, White Oak Road, April 2, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of our operations of yesterday:

At daylight yesterday morning I moved out with all the cavalry against the enemy's infantry in front of Dinwiddie Court-House. On our advance they fell back rapidly in line of battle. This sudden withdrawal was in part due to the advance of Ayres' division of the Fifth Corps from the Boydton plank road. General Ayeres was unable to get into the enemy's rear in time to attack as expected owing to the darkness and bad roads, but his movement was sufficient to turn the enemy from the Five Forks road and force him to cross Chamberlain's Bed. Custer's and Devin's division of cavalry, under General Merritt, followed up the enemy with a gallantry that I have never seen exceeded, charging their infantry and driving them from two lines of works, capturing prisoners from Pickett's and Johnson's infantry divisions as well as from the enemy's cavalry. The enemy made a last stand at the five Forks behind a strong line of earth-works along the White Oak road. After forcing them to this position I directed General Merritt to push his dismounted cavalry well up to the enemy's works and drive in their skirmishers and make the enemy believe that our main attack would be made on their right flank. In the meanwhile I had ordered up the Fifth Corps to within a mile of the File Forks on the Dinwiddie Court-House road for the purpose of attacking the enemy's left flank and rear. Between 4 and 5 o'clock, in accordance with these dispositions, the Fifth Corps moved out across the White Oak road, swinging round to the left as they advanced, and struck the enemy in flank and rear. Simultaneously with this attack the cavalry assaulted the enemy's works in front in compliance with my orders to General Merritt, and the result of this combined movement was the compete rout of the enemy with the loss of 5 pieces of artillery and caissons, a number of their wagons and ambulances, and I think at least 5,000 prisoners and several battle-flags. Gregg's brigade, of General Crook's cavalry division, operated upon our extreme left, skirmishing with the enemy's cavalry. The two other brigades of this division remained in the vicinity of Dinwiddie Court-House guarding the trains and the crossings of Stony Creek. I ordered General Mackenzie's division of cavalry, which

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 590

---------------

