
February 10.-It was relieved and returned to camp, where it still remains.

During the month large fatigue details have been kept at work repairing the works and defenses on rear line, and much attention has been given to the drill and discipline of the command.

[March.]-During the month this division remained in its old position in support of the line held by the troops of the First and Second Divisions of the Ninth Army Corps.

March 14 to 20.- The whole command was engaged in constructing a new rear line of works, cutting and putting up abatis, &amp;c., from Fort Prescott to Fort Bross. Large fatigue details were also kept at work during the month repairing the inclosed works on the rear line of defense.

March 25.- Every regiment in this division took part in the successful repulse of the enemy at Fort Stedman and Batteries 11 and 12. The loss in the command in killed and wounded was 259.

April 1.- At night this division was under arms preparing for the grand attack, which was made before daylight on the morning of the 2nd on Fort Mahone, one of the strongest works of the defenses of Petersburg.

April 3.- The division marched thought the city of Petersburg and encamped about five miles from the town.

April 4 to 8.- The pursuit of Lee was prosecuted, and this division performed rear-guard duty, marching toward Burkeville by the South Side Railroad.

April 8.- Encamped at Nottoway Court-House, and remained until the 20th.

April 20.- We were ordered to City Point. We marched in the morning and encamped at Wellville.

April 21.- At night headquarters were established at Five Forks.

April 22.- Arrived at Petersburg.

April 23.- Reached City Point and immediately embarked in transports for Alexandria.

April 25.- Arrived there and encamped about two miles from the city.

May 1.- In camp near Alexandria, Va., and remained during the month.

May 30 and 31.- The two hundredth, Two hundred and fifth, Two hundred and seventh, Two hundred and eight, Two hundred and ninth, and Two hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers were mustered out of service under the provisions of Special Orders, Numbers 22, headquarters District of Alexandria and Ninth Army Corps, based on War Department telegrams of May 17 and 18, 1865.

First Brigade, Third Division.

March 1 to 25.- Remained in camp as reserves to the First and Second Divisions, Ninth Army Corps, from the Appomattox to Fort Howard. During this time large fatigue details have been kept at work repairing Fort Bross and the defenses on the rear line.

March 25.- At 4.30 a. m. the enemy advanced and captured Fort Stedman and the adjacent batteries. The brigade was marched forward to support the First Division, Ninth Army Corps. The movements of the Two hundredth and Two hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers were personally directed by General Hartranft. These

