
Bvt. Major General George A. Custer, commanding Third Cavalry Division, to be promoted to the rank of major-general of volunteers for distinguished services and gallant conduct at the battle of Waynesborough March 2, 1865, and untiring skill and energy displayed in the cavalry expedition from Winchester, Va., to the James River; for the personal gallantry and high ability exhibited in fighting and maneuvering his command at the battles of Dinwiddie Court-House March 31, Five Forks, Va., April 1, cavalry engagement at Tabernacle Church April 5, battle of Sailor's Creek April 6, Appomattox Depot and Appomattox Cour-House April 8 and 9, 1865, and in the pursuit of the forces of the rebel army from Five Forks to Bevill's Bridge, on the Appomattox River, and from Jetersville to Appomattox Court-House.

Bvt. Brigadier General J. I. Gregg, colonel Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, Second Cavalry Division, to be promoted to the rank of brigadier-general of volunteers for gallant and meritorious services at the cavalry engagements at Dinwiddie Court-House March 31, 1865, the cavalry pursuit from Five Forks to Burkeville and Jetersville, and for the cavalry engagement at that point April 5, 1865, and at the battle of Sailor's Creek April 6, 1865, at the cavalry engagement on the north side of the Appomattox River near Farmville, Va., during which he was captured whilst gallantly fighting his brigade.

Bvt. Brigadier General C. H. Smith, colonel First Maine Cavalry, commanding Third Brigade, Second Cavalry Division, to be promoted to the rank of brigadier-general of volunteers for highly distinguished services at the battle of Dinwiddie Court-House March 31, 1865, the cavalry pursuit from Five Forks, to Burkeville, to Jetersville, the cavalry engagement near Jetersville april 5, 1865, the battle of Sailor's Creek April 6, 1865, and at Appomattox Court-House April 9, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General James W. Forsyth, lieutenant-colonel and assistant inspector-general Cavalry Corps, my chief of staff, to be brigadier-general of volunteers for gallant and meritorious services during the cavalry campaign from Winchester, Va., to the James River, at the cavalry engagement March 31, 1865, at Dinwiddie Court-House, Va., for conspicuous bravery at the battle of Five Forks April 1, 1865, and at Sailor's Creek April 6, 1865, and during the engagements at Appomattox Depot and Court-House on the 8th and 9th instant, and for industry, energy, and ability displayed throughout the entire campaign.

Colonel H. Capehart, First West Virginia Cavalry, commanding brigade, Third Cavalry Division, to be promoted to the rank of brigadier-general of volunteers for the zeal and energy displayed by him in the cavalry expedition from Winchester, Va., to the James River, for gallantry at the cavalry engagement at Waynesborough, and for distinguished services at the cavalry engagements at Dinwiddie Court-House March 31, 1865, battles of Five Forks April 1, and Sailor's Creek April 6, 1865, the cavalry engagements of Appomattox Depot and Appomattox Court-House April 8 and 9, 1865, and during the pursuit of the rebel army from Five Forks to Appomattox Court-House.

Bvt. Brigadier General William Wells, colonel First Vermont Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, Third Cavalry Division, to be brigadier-general of volunteers for gallant and meritorious services during the cavalry expedition from Winchester to the James River, and at the battles of Five Forks and Sailor's Creek April 5 and 6, 1865, and Appomattox Depot and Court-House April 8 and 9, 1865, and for the energy displayed in the pursuit of the rebel army from Five Forks to Appomattox Cour-House.

