
Colonel Charles L. Fitzhugh, Sixth New York Cavalry, commanding Second Cavalry Brigade, First Cavalry Division, to be brigadier-general of volunteers for the gallantry, energy, and ability displayed by him during the cavalry expedition from Winchester, Va., to the James River, and at the battles of Dinwiddie Court-House March 31, 1865, Sailor's Creek April 6, 1865, and Appomattox Court-House April 9, 1865, and during the pursuit of the rebel army from Five Forks to Appomattox Court-House.

Colonel P. Stagg, Michigan Cavalry, commanding First Brigade, First Cavalry Division, to be brigadier-general of volunteers for zealously and gallantly and fighting his brigade during the cavalry expedition from Winchester, Va., to the James River, and at the battles of Dinwiddie Court-House March 31, 1865, Five Forks April 1, 1865, Sailor's Creek April 6, 1865, and Appomattox Court-House April 9, 1865, and for his unwearied exertions during the pursuit of the rebel army from Five Forks to Appomattox Court-House, Va.

Bvt. Colonel George A. Forsyth (major Eighth Illinois Cavalry), acting aide-de-camp on my staff, to be promoted to the rank of brigadier-general of volunteers for highly distinguished services on the cavalry expedition from Winchester, Va., to the James River, and for untiring energy and conspicuous gallantry at the cavalry engagements of Dinwiddie Court-House March 31, 1865, and at the battle of Five Forks April 1, 1865, the battle of Sailor's Creek April 6, 1865, and cavalry engagements at Appomattox Depot and Court-House April 8 and 9, 1865. Colonel Forsyth is one of the finest young officers in the service, and has fairly won the promotion asked for him.

Lieutenant Colonel E. W. Whitaker, First Connecticut Cavalry, [acting] assistant inspector-general Third Cavalry Division, to be brevet brigadier-general of volunteers for gallantry and skill displayed in turning the enemy's left flank at Waynesborough March 2, 1865, and for gallantry and uniform good conduct at the battles of Five Forks April 1 and Appomattox Station April 8, 1865, and throughout the entire campaign.

Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel W. Redwood Price, special inspector of cavalry, to be colonel by brevet for gallant and meritorious services at the battles of Dinwiddie Court-House March 31, 1865, Five Forks April 1, 1865, Sailor's Creek April 6, 1865, and during the cavalry engagements at Appomattox Station and Court-House on the 8th and 9th of April, 1865. Lieutenant-Colonel Price acted throughout the entire campaign from Dinwiddie Court-House to the final capture of the rebel army with remarkable energy and ability.

I desire to make special mention of the valuable services of Major H. H. Young, Second Rhode Island Infantry, chief of my scouts, during the cavalry expedition from Winchester, Va., to the James River. His personal gallantry and numerous conflicts with the enemy won the admiration of the whole command. In the late campaign from Petersburg to Appomattox Court-House he kept me constantly informed of the movements of the enemy and brought in prisoners from brigadier-generals down. The information gained through him was invaluable. I earnestly request that he be made a lieutenant-colonel by brevet.

Brigadier General Truman Seymour, commanding Third Division, Sixth Army Corps, to be major-general of volunteers by brevet for the ability and energy which he displayed in handling his division at the battle of Sailor's Creek April 6, 1865. His gallantry and valuable services in this engagement fully entitle him to promotion.

