
Bvt. Brigadier General Oliver Edwards (colonel Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Infantry), commanding brigade, Sixth Army Corps, behaved with conspicuous gallantry at the battle of Sailor's Creek April 6, 1865, and is justly entitled to his promotion to the rank of brigadier-general of volunteers. General Edwards fought his command at this battle with an ability and persistency that fairly entitles him to this reward.

Bvt. Brigadier General Joseph E. Hamblin (colonel Sixty-fifth New York Volunteers), commanding brigade, Sixth Army Corps, First Division. This officer fought his command with such rare ability at the battle of Sailor's Creek, Va., April 6, 1865, that he is justly entitled to the rank of brigadier-general of volunteers.

Captain Andrew J. McGonnigle, assistant quartermaster U. S. Volunteers, and acting chief quartermaster on my staff, behaved with the greatest gallantry during the campaign in the Shenandoah Valley, particularly at Cedar Creek, in which battle he was severely wounded whilst leading a brigade of infantry. It was owing to his personal exertions during the morning of the 19th of October, 1864, that I am mostly indebted for the saving of the transportation of the army. Captain McGonnigle accompanied me from Winchester, Va., to the James River on the cavalry expedition from February 27 to March 27, 1865, and took part in the battles of Dinwiddie Court-House March 31, 1865, Five Forks April 1, 1865, Sailor's Creek April 6, 1865, and in the engagements at Appomattox Station and Court-House April 8 and 9, 1865. For his industry and zeal in the discharge of his duties as quartermaster and meritorious services in the field, I have to request that he be made captain and assistant quartermaster in the U. S. Army. Captain McGonning was wounded a second time at the battle of Five Forks April 1, 1865.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS,

Washington, D. C., May 16, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to bring to the notice of the War Department the gallant conduct of the following-named officers, and to recommend them for promotion as hereinafter stated:

Brigadier General Alfred Gibbs to be major-general of volunteers by brevet for gallant and meritorious services while commanding the regular cavalry brigade at the battles of Dinwiddie Court-House March 31, Five Forks April 1, Sailor's Creek April 6, and at Appomattox Depot and Court-House April 8 and 9, 1865, as well as for his services on the James River raid.

Colonel N. B. Sweitzer, Sixteenth New York Cavalry, to be brigadier-general of volunteers by brevet for meritorious and distinguished services at the battles of the Opequon, Cedar Creek, and the cavalry engagement at Tom's Creek, in the Shenandoah Valley, and for services in the Department of Washington during the past winter.

Colonel Francis T. Sherman, Eighty-eighth Illinois Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general upon my staff, to be brigadier-general of volunteers by brevet [sic] during the cavalry expedition from Winchester to the James River from February 27 to March 27, 1865, and

