
for distinguished services at the battles of Dinwiddie Court-House March 31, Five Forks April 1, Sailor's Creek April 6, and Appomattox Court House April 9, 1865.

Colonel J. L. Thompson, First New Hampshire Cavalry, to be brigadier-general of volunteers by brevet for distinguished and meritorious services at the battle of Waynesborough, March 2, 1865, and for taking all the prisoners through safely from that point to Winchester, and while performing this duty repelling an attack from and finally defeating the rebel General Rosser with a force quite equal to his own, reaching his destination with more prisoners than he started with.

Lieutenant Colonel W. P. Robeson, Third New Jersey Cavalry, to be colonel by brevet for gallantry at the battles of Five Forks, April 1, Sailor's Creek April 6, and Appomattox Depot April 8, 1865.

Captain L. W. Barnhart [Sixth] Michigan Cavalry, to be major by brevet for meritorious and distinguished services throughout the entire campaign in front of Richmond and Petersburg, and for especial gallantry at the battle of Sailor's Creek April 6, 1865.

Major Joseph O'Keefe, Second New York Cavalry, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for distinguished and meritorious services on the raid from Winchester to the James River, and for great gallantry at the battle of Dinwiddie Court-House March 31, and at the battle of Five Forks April 1, 1865, at which place he was very severely wounded while leading his regiment in a dismounted charge upon the enemy's works.

Captain Mason A. Stone, First Vermont Cavalry, to be major of volunteers by brevet for distinguished services at the battles of Dinwiddie Court-House March 31, Five Forks April 1, and Sailor's Creek April 6, 1865, and throughout the pursuit and final capture of the rebel army from Five Fork to Appomattox Court-House.

First Lieutenant Vanderbilt Allen, U. S. Engineers, to be major, U. S. Army, by brevet for distinguished services on the raid from Winchester to the James River from February 27 to March 27, 1865, and for meritorious conduct at the battle of Dinwiddie Court-House March 31, and great gallantry at the battle of Five Forks April 1, as well as for general good conduct and energy displayed throughout the entire campaign from Petersburg to the final surrender of Lee's army at Appomottox Court-House April 9, 1865.

First Lieutenant Carle A. Woodruff, Second U. S. Artillery, to be major, U. S. Army, by brevet for distinguished services on the James River raid and at the battles of Dinwiddie Court-House March 31, Five Forks April 1, Sailor's Creek april 6, 1865, and throughout the pursuit of the rebel army from Five Forks to Appomattox Court-House.

Asst. Surg. Henry A. Du Bois, U. S. Army, to be major, U. S. Army, by brevet for distinguished services throughout the campaign from Petersburg to the final surrender of the rebel army at Appomattox Court-House, and also for his services during the James River raid and during last summer's campaign in the Shenandoah Valley.

First Lieutenant Thomas W. Custer, Sixth Michigan Cavalry, to be major of volunteers by brevet for distinguished conduct at the battles of Dinwiddie Court-House March 31, Five Forks April 1, Sailor's Creek April 6, 1865, at which latter place he leaped his horse over the enemy's works, being one of the first to enter them, and captured two stand of colors, having his horse shot under him and received a severe wound.

Captain G. A. Gordon, Second U. S. Cavalry, to be lieutenant-colonel, U. S. Army, by brevet for distinguished services during the cavalry expedition to the James River during the month of May, 1864; at the

