
cavalry engagements, of Todd's Tavern, Yellow Tavern, Haw's Shop, Cold Harbor, also at Trevilian, Danbury Cross-Roads, and throughout the cavalry campaign of last year wit the Army of the Potomac.

Captain E. M. Baker, First U. S. Cavalry, to be major, U. S. Army, by brevet for gallant and meritorious services at the battles of Dinwiddie Court-House March 31, 1865, Five Forks April 1, 1865, Sailor's Creek April 6, Appomattox Depot and Appomattox Court-House April 8 and 9, and for energy and zeal displayed in the James River raid from February 27 to March 27, 1865.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

Numbers 200. Report of Bvt. Major General Wesley Merritt, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry, Army of the Shenandoah.
HDQRS. CAVALRY OF THE ARMY OF THE SHENANDOAH,April 20, 1865.

GENERAL: During the day of March 28 the command remained at Hancock's Station, in front of Petersburg, being supplied with rations and forage. It marched on the morning of the 29th in the rear of the cavalry of the Army of the Potomac to within a mile of Dinwiddie Court-House, the men, as usual, carrying on their horses five days' rations, thirty pounds of forage, and forty rounds of ammunition. The roads were in a horrible condition, and it was found impossible for the wagon train to reach the point made by the cavalry during the day; in fact, the wagon train did not get up until the third day, it being necessary to corduroy almost the entire road over which the march was made. The Third Division, General Custer, was ordered to remain with the train and guard it, as the enemy's cavalry was known to be on its flank in the neighborhood of Stony Creek Depot.

March 30, the First Division, General Devin, was moved toward the Five Forks from Dinwiddie Court-House, to a point about two miles from the town, near Boisseau's house, where the roads fork. From this point a reconnaissance was sent out on each road. The force on the road to the White Oak road (Colonel Leiper, Sixth Pennsylvania, commanding) met the enemy's pickets a short distance out, and drove them in on the reserves. The force under Major Morris, Sixth United States, which went on the road to the Five Forks, had not proceeded more than three miles before it accomplished a like work. Both reconnaissances developed the enemy's infantry, and each in the lively skirmishing which took place was conducted with great spirit, the officers and men giving an earnest, in the manner in which they fought, of the good work that might be expected of them in the future. The division encamped near Boisseau's house, picketing advanced positions gained during the day.

March 31 at 9 a.m. the pickets were re-enforced and an advance was made. The enemy resisted strongly, and, in his turn, advanced. His force consisted of Pickett's and Johnson's divisions of infantry, since ascertained to have been over 14,000 strong, and all the enemy's cavalry. The First Division was pressed back slowly but steadily, the men and officers behaving magnificently, contesting every inch of

