
ground, and inflicting a very severe loss upon the enemy. General Davies' brigade, of Crook's division, having reported for temporary duty was ordered to act upon the flanks of the enemy's, who at the same time that he attacked in Davies' front also attempted to force a passage of the ford on the Chamberlain Bed, in Crook's front, near Dinwiddie Court-House. General Davies was, however, pushed rapidly in toward the forks of the road, which it soon became apparent the enemy in overwhelming force was trying to gain and that all the resistance the cavalry could offer could not prevent. As part of the First Division was well advanced on the White Oak fork of the road, it was impossible to withdraw it toward Dinwiddie Court-House, and Generals Devin and Davies were ordered to retire fighting toward the Boydton plank road, while General Gibbs was withdrawn toward Dinwiddie Court-House, forming connection with Crook's left. All this was done without confusion, and with a loss to the enemy, as has been ascertained, of at least four to our one. General Devin was ordered to form his command after retiring toward the Boydton plank road, and instructed to attack the enemy in flank and rear if he continued to push toward Dinwiddie Court-House. General Davies, however, assumed command of the entire force, and marched it by the Boydton plank road to Dinwiddie Court-House, forming a junction with the rest of the cavalry at dark. In the meantime the Third Division, which had been sent for, arrived, and, in conjunction with the Reserve Brigade and General Crook's command, formed line of battle in splendid style, ready to received the enemy, who appeared in great force in our front. Some very spirited fighting occurred, but night coming on the enemy did not press his advance.

The fighting this day on the part of the cavalry was excellent. The enemy was very severely punished, and though by superior numbers he succeeded in forcing us, the movement to the rear was conducted without confusion. The ground on which the fighting took place was very heavy, and for the most part densely wooded; when it was open, it was impossible for a single horseman to cross, owing to the nature of the soil and the heavy rains which had just fallen.

General Custer was charged with the duty of holding the lines during the night, while General Devin was camped in easy supporting distance.

April 1, early in the morning an advance of the Third Division showed that the enemy had withdrawn a short distance from our front during the night. The Third Division was ordered to dismount, the country being impracticable for mounted operations, and move with its left resting on Chamberlain's Bed, toward the Five Forks. The First Division was ordered to move, mounted, to its old position near Boisseau's house and form connection with the Third Division, press the enemy in the same direction (toward the Five Forks). The infantry (Fifth Corps), which had formed a junction and was under the orders of the major-general commanding, was to move up on our right flank toward the White Oak road. The cavalry pressed the enemy back to his entrenchments at the Five Forks, which entrenchments run parallel to the White Oak road. It was a great source of satisfaction to our gallant men to drive the enemy, outnumbering us as he did, over the same ground from which he had forced us the day before. Every man fought with a will, and not until the enemy's breast-heights, glistening with bayonets, were within fifty yards of our front, did the brave cavalrymen, baptized with the blood of fifty battles, cease the advance, and then only for a moment. The time was occupied in supplying the commands with ammunition and resting the men, who had

