
marched and fought on foot for miles. Word was received from the major-general commanding that the infantry would attack the enemy's works on our right in a very short time, and that the cavalry must co-operate. In anticipation of this orders had been issued for the division and brigade commanders to charge the works in our front so soon as the infantry fire was heard. It could not have been earlier than 3 o'clock when the infantry fire opened. The cavalry, without a moment's hesitation, rushed into close quarters with the enemy, who, having fought the cavalry all day, evidently had concentrated their strength on the works immediately opposed to us. The enemy's artillery in the works commenced firing rapidly, but owing to the woods obscuring the view where the cavalry line was operating, this fire was necessarily inaccurate and not very destructive. A hotter musketry fire than on this day has seldom been experienced during the war. Fortunately for us the enemy, firing from breast-works, aimed high, else the casualties in the command must have been very much greater. General Custer was directed to keep one brigade mounted, in order to make the most of a pursuit when the enemy's was dislodged from his works. Every thing worked well. The right of Pennington's brigade, which was thrown into some confusion on account of a deficiency in ammunition, was soon restored, and, the desired ammunition supplied, the attack was prosecuted and soon crowned with success, Fitzhugh's brigade, of the First Division, mounting the works in the face of the enemy, tearing down their colors and planting the brigade standard over two pieces of artillery, which, together with nearly 1,000 prisoners, remained substantial indication of the prowess of this gallant brigade and its accomplished commander. Never did men over the behests of a commander better, and never were orders given with more judgment or their gallant execution indicated by a better example. Colonel Fitzhugh is entitled to the greatest praise for this days' work. In thus speaking of this brigade it must not be imagined that all did not do well. These headquarters, situated at the connection between the two divisions, saw more of the two brigades (Fitzhugh's and Pennington's) mentioned above than of the others, but in passing along the lines during the battle it was observed that all were doing nobly. No shirking, no straggling, comparatively, was noticed. The reports of division commanders will, it is thought, do justice to all. The results of the day- two of the enemy's best and strongest infantry divisions, together with all his boasted cavalry broken, captured, or routed-are just cause for congratulations, and the cavalry, already famous in the history of the war for the brilliancy of its success, feels proud to share with the infantry of the Army of the Potomac the glory of striking the blow that decided the fate of the Army of Northern Virginia-a blow that made the great heart of the Northern people pulsate with a holy satisfaction.

April 2, the command marched from its camp near the battle-field by the Little White Oak road to a point on the South Side Railroad midway between Ford's and Sutherland's Depots. Here a force of rebel cavalry was met, but retired without offering any resistance to the tearing up of the track. As the occupation of the railroad was secure the advance brigades were ordered to move forward across the road toward Scott's Forks, some five miles north of the railway. An order was received from the major-general commanding directing this march soon after it commenced. During the march to this point General Mackenzie's division reported to the command and was assigned its place in the column. The cavalry in our front (W. H. F. Lee's) opposed the column from time to time at points favorable for resistance, build-

