
ing barricades of rails and logs, but he was easily dislodged and driven by the advance back to the fork of the road where the road we marched on intersected the one pursued by the enemy's infantry and trains. Here spirited fight took place, in which the First Division was engaged with the enemy's infantry. The enemy used his artillery freely. Night fell before the entire command could be got up and in position to attack the enemy, who was strongly posted behind barricades, which, as was found the following morning, extended for miles. General Gregg's brigade, which reported to the command temporarily, together with the rest of the command, was put in camps for the night, during which a connection was formed, with the infantry of the Fifth Corps, which had marched up from Sutherland's Depot.

April 3, the command moved forward at daylight and occupied the forks which the enemy had abandoned during the night. The Third Division was ordered to take the advance on the Namozine road in pursuit of the enemy. It was soon after followed by the First Division. General Mackenzie command was ordered toward the point from which the enemy marched, to pick up the stragglers and others cut off by our movement. In the pursuit numbers of prisoners were captured, together with five guns, by the Third Division. Wells' brigade had a spirited fight with Barringer's brigade of rebel cavalry, routing, dispersing, or capturing the entire command, including the rebel general himself. After marching and fighting over twenty miles the enemy's infantry was found in strong position on Deep Creek, where he had destroyed all the bridges and obstructed the fords, which naturally were very bad and deep. The command encamped for the night at this point. It here became apparent that the enemy were moving to Amelia Court-House with a view to concentrating at that point. In addition to the column which had been pursued during the day on the south side of the Appomattox, large bodies of infantry and trains could be plainly seen on the north side of the river moving toward Bevill's and Goode's Bridges over the Appomattox, where the crossing was effected and the junction of the two wings of the rebel army made.

April 4, the march was resumed at 6 a.m., the enemy as usual having made a night's march and disappeared from the front. General Mackenzie's command, which rejoined the column, immediately busied itself with clearing the obstructions from the best ford on Deep Creek, the energetic commander superintending the work. It was intended to cross the entire command at this ford, but after General Mackenzie had crossed it was found that the ford, which was very deep and muddy, was impassable for wheels and impracticable for mounted men. The other two divisions, with all the wagons, were therefore marched to the south side, thus flanking the main stream and crossing its headwaters. The advance reached Beaver Dam Creek at sunset. Here the enemy's infantry was found, his main body being at Amelia Court-House. Some skirmishing ensued, in which the enemy, intrenched as usual, used his artillery. The command was ordered in camp at dark, having determined the position of the enemy's army. In the meantime General Mackenzie, who, after crossing Deep Creek, was ordered to march on Amelia Cour-House, reached a point within less than two miles of Amelia Court-House, on a different road from that pursued by the First and Third Division. He also found the enemy in force and engaged them with success. At 10 p.m. of this day orders were received from the major-general commanding for the command to move to Jetersville. In less than half an h our the column was on the road, and at daylight on the 5th the head of it had arrived at the point designated. During the 5th of April the command remained at Jetersville, taking position on

