
regiments were stationed on the right of the line, in front of the camp of the Two hundredth Pennsylvania Volunteers. The Two hundredth and eight Pennsylvania Volunteers went into position hear Fort Haskell. The regiments charged on Fort Stedman and the batteries (now in possession of the enemy), in connection with the Second Brigade, assisting to recapture Fort Stedman and batteries, with a loss of 2 officers and 16 men killed, 14 officers and 190 men wounded. The brigade returned to camp, where it still remains.

[April.]- Detailed reports of the part taken by this brigade in the capture of pars of the enemy's works in front of Petersburg on April 1 and 2, with lists of casualties, have already been forwarded.

April 3.- Before daylight the brigade passed over the fortifications in columns of regiments and entered the city. On the same day, after returning to camp, the troops up the line of march along the Burkeville road and acted as a guard for the South Side Railroad and wagon trains, making short marches and placing pickets successively on the different parts of the roads as the column advanced.

April 9.- Reached Nottoway Court-House, where we remained until the 20th.

April 20.- Orders were received for the Ninth Army Corps to go to City Point.

April 24 and 25.- The brigade embarked on transports for Washington, but was landed at Alexandria, Va., and has remained near the city last named until the present time.

Second Brigade, Third Division.

February 5.- The brigade moved to the left of the line for the purpose of aiding in the endeavor to extend the line. Reached its destination at 10 p. m. of the 5th, and at once threw up a strong breast-work in its front.

February 6, 7, 8, and 9.- The troops of the brigade were engaged in felling timber, constructing corduroy roads, bridges, &amp;c.

February 10.- Returned to camp during the night. Since that time no movement of any importance has occurred.

[March.]- Nothing worthy of mention occurred until the 14th.

March 14.- The brigade was ordered to throw up a rear line of works, extending from Fort Prescott to a point about one mile in rear of the for; this occupied three days.

March 25.- The brigade was engaged in the battle at Fort Stedman and in a charge on that work, which was occupied by the enemy; retook it, capturing about 850 prisoners, 3 battle -flags, and between 200 and 300 stand of small-arms. The entire loss in the brigade was 2 enlisted men killed, 2 commissioned officers, and 34 enlisted men wounded.

April 2.- In the morning the brigade charged the enemy's works in front of Fort Stedman; captured them and held them until the morning of the 3rd.

April 3.- The enemy having retreated, the brigade went into Petersburg. Making short marches each day, the brigade reached Burkeville Station about the 16th. After doing all kinds of duty there for six days it was ordered to Nottoway Court-House, and from there to City Point. From the latter place the brigade came by water to Alexandria Va., present camp, arriving here about the 26th.

