
the right of the infantry with a view to repel a threatened attack of the enemy. General Mackenzie, remaining at his position near Amelia Court-House, reported being engaged more or less during the entire day.

April 6, moved the command at 6 a.m. in the direction of Deatonsville. It was soon discovered that the enemy, with his trains, was pushing toward Farmville. The cavalry pressed forward on the flanks of the enemy's route, attacking the column and wagon train at different points, in conjunction with General Crook's command. An attack of the First Brigade, First Division, on the train, which was right gallantly made, having exhibited the enemy to be in great force on the road near Sailor's Creek, Generals Custer and Devin were ordered to move parallel to the enemy's line of march and attack the train and impede the march of the column wherever practicable. This order was obeyed with alacrity by both divisions. General Crook's command was in the meantime operating in the same manner. The First Brigade (Stagg's) of the First Division remained with Miller's battery at the point where the train was first attacked. The battery did excellent service in shelling the enemy's train, practicing on it with wonderful accuracy. Stagg's brigade operated with the Sixth Corps at Sailor's Creek, performing most important service, capturing over 300 prisoners. General Custer succeeded in striking the enemy's train at a point less strongly guarded than at others where it had been attacked and in surprising a park of three batteries of the enemy's artillery. The enemy, concentrating, attacked the Third Division in force, when the First moved rapidly to its assistance, both divisions holding the enemy in check. This movement on the part of these two divisions, assisted on the left by Crook's division of cavalry, cut off three divisions of the enemy's infantry, the entire rear guard of his army, and finally, in conjunction with the movement of the Sixth Corps in the enemy's rear, resulted in the capture of the entire force, including eight general officers and many stand of colors and arms. To continue the operations of the day the First Division was again moved to the left and advanced rapidly in the direction of the firing of the Twenty-fourth (Gibbon's) Army Corps. It soon came up with the rear of the retreating rebel infantry, which made a front in the direction of the advance. It soon became apparent that the Army of the James was not operating with vigor against the enemy, and as darkness came on the command was ordered into camp.

April 7, marched at 6 a.m. on the flank of the infantry, directing the movement to Prince Edward Court-House. Encamped at Spring Creek, four miles toward Prospect Station.

April 8, marched at 6 a.m. through Prospect Station toward Appomattox Court-House. The Third Division, in advance, met with no opposition until it arrived near Appomattox Station. Here the enemy's advance column was struck, moving on the Lynchburg road toward Danville. The enemy's army was in force at Appomattox Court-House. Artillery, prisoners, and wagons were here captured by the Third Division, which rushed into the enemy's lines, carrying all before them. Three trains of cars were also taken by this division, loaded with subsistence stores for Lee's army. The First Division was brought up rapidly, and, deploying dismounted on the right of the Third Division, assisted materially in the captures. This division was advanced within a short distance of Appomattox Court-house, being posted across the road on which the enemy was attempting to move, and effectually destroying his chance of making a night's march in retreat, as he intended to do as on former occasions.

