
front of the Forks. The Second Brigade, flanked by the cavalry, gallantly advanced at the charging step, and, driving the enemy clear through the woods, developed a strong line of breast-works, covering the Forks and filled with masses of infantry. In this advance the cavalry charged up to within twenty yards of the works, and the dismounted men of the Second Brigade captured and dragged off prisoners from the breast-works. Captain Ham, of Seventeenth Pennsylvania, was mortally wounded at this point. But the work was too strongly held for our line to carry, and the brigade was forced to retire to the wood. The line was thus held until 4.30 p.m., when a brigade of Third Cavalry Division having connected upon our left, and the Fifth Corps advancing to attack the enemy's right flank, the whole division was dismounted and ordered to advance and again charge the enemy's works. Captain Lord, First U. S. Cavalry, was ordered to keep his regiment mounted and in readiness to charge should the enemy's line be broken. The whole line advanced under a terrible fire from the enemy's works; but the regiment on the right of Third Division giving way, the Third Division was halted and reformed. On the second charge the troops on our left again fell back; but notwithstanding this defection, the division pressed forward the enemy's works were carried after an obstinate struggle, the right was connected with the left of Fifth Corps, the front of the division changed to the left, and the enemy pursued for two miles. As the works were carried Captain Lord was ordered to charge with his regiment, and gallantly responded, clearing the breast-works at a bound, and charging far in advance of the division. In carrying the position we captured on our own front 1,000 prisoners, 2 battle-flags, and 2 guns. Thanks to the friendly cover of the woods, which extended to within less than forty yards of the enemy's works, our loss was comparatively light, except in officers. In some regiments every squadron commander was killed or wounded.

With regard to the conduct of officers and men it is sufficient to state that under the hottest fire not a straggler could be seen along the whole line-every man was in his place and at his work. The division encamped upon the battle-field.

On the morning of April 2 the division marched on the White Oak road, and turning to the right struck the South Side Railroad midway between Ford's and Sutherland's Stations. General W. H. F. Lee's division of rebel cavalry was found in position at this point. Skirmishers were advanced and the division placed in readiness for a fight, but a few rounds from Miller's section of battery were sufficient to induce the enemy to retire with precipitation. The railroad was then torn up, ties burnt, and rails heated and bent. The division then advanced, and turning to the left at Cox's road again came up with Lee's cavalry. Fitzhugh's (Second) brigade, in advance, dismounted and rapidly drove the enemy from one position to another, until, at 5 p.m., we met the rebel infantry in heavy force at Scott's Cross-Roads. A heavy fire of musketry and artillery was at once opened upon the Second Brigade. The First Brigade was dismounted and deployed in support of the Second. Miller's section was placed in position on the road, and by its rapid and effective fire materially assisted in repulsing several attempted charged of the enemy's infantry line on our position. The Reserve Brigade was disposed (mounted) on the flank and in support of the battery. The enemy was finally driven to the shelter of the barricades he had erected covering the cross-roads, from which it was impossible to dislodge him with our limited force. The force opposed to us con-

