
sisted of Pickett's and Johnson's divisions of infantry and Lee's division of cavalry. At night-fall the command was retired half a mile and encamped, the front being held by the Reserve Brigade and one regiment of First Brigade. During the night the enemy made several attempts to feel our line. Captain J. H. Bell, of the Second Brigade staff, rendered meritorious service at this point by opening communication with General Sheridan, at Sutherland's Station. Communication was also opened with Crawford's division, of Fifth Corps, which had advanced upon the Namozine road within a mile of our position. At daybreak the lines were advanced, but the enemy had retired.

On the morning of April 3 the division marched in rear of the Third Division by the Namozine road to Deep Creek, and encamped.

On the morning of April 4 the division crossed Deep Creek, between the Fifth and Second Corps, and, turning to the right, marched to Drummond's Mill, on Beaver Pond Creek. At this point the First Michigan Cavalry was ordered to reconnoiter toward Bevill's Bridge. The division then crossed the creek and immediately met the enemy's infantry (Pickett's and Johnson's divisions) in heavy force, covering the road to Amelia Court-House. The First and part of the Second Brigade was at once dismounted, and led horses sent over the creek. Heavy skirmishing ensued and the position was held until 10 p.m., when the division was ordered to march to Jetersville, on the Danville railroad. After a long and exhausting night march the command reached Jetersville about noon of the 5th, and was placed in position on the left of the Third Division. On being relieved by the Second Corps the division was marched to the rear of the army and encamped.

On the morning of April 6 the division marched in the direction of Deatonsville, following Third Division; soon after the enemy's train was reported to be moving upon the road to Rice's Station, on the South Side Railroad, and the division was ordered to cross the country and attack. The country was broken, intersected with ravines and ditches, but in a very few minutes the division struck the flank of the train, only to find it covered by a heavy force of infantry and artillery in position; moving still farther to the left the same result was obtained. Learning that the Third Division had pushed in on the left of the Second, I moved rapidly toward the left of the Third, hoping to strike the train at a vulnerable point. As I was passing to the rear of Third Division I received an urgent message from General Custer, stating that he had struck and captured part of the train and was hard pressed. On joining him I found it necessary to bring up the division on a gallop, and form on his right, in order to hold the ground across Sailor's Creek and secure his captures. The division succeeded in checking the enemy's advance, and was soon after ordered to the extreme left. The division had scarcely reached its new position when it was found necessary to return to the support of the Third Division, which had been forced back. The enemy being checked, the division was again ordered to the extreme left, and succeeded in reaching the road within two miles of Rice's Station. It was now dark, but the command pushed on and soon struck the enemy's rear guard. They were pushed rapidly forward, until, at the crossing of (upper) Sailor's Creek, we found Mahone's division of infantry in position, with artillery covering the crossing. On attempting to force a crossing the enemy opened a heavy fire of musketry, shell, and canister at short range, and, in accordance with instructions, the division was retired one mile, and encamped at 12 p.m.

