
I had omitted to state that on first moving to the left the First Brigade and section of battery had remained upon the extreme right and rendered efficient service. Colonel Stagg, in a brilliant charge on the flank of Sixth Corps, captured 300 prisoners. Miller, with Fuger's section, made great havoc in the train by his splendid practice.

At daybreak on the morning of the 7th the division marched on in pursuit of the enemy. It was now ascertained that he had turned to the right in the direction of Farmville, and the command advanced upon that road. I soon after was ordered to countermarch and move in the direction of Prince Edward Court-House, from whence, after a short halt, the division marched to Buffalo Creek and encamped.

On the morning of April 8 the division marched in rear of Third Division to Prospect Station, thence by Walker's Church to Appomattox Station. While en route Lieutenant Trimble, of the division staff, with a regiment of the First Brigade, was ordered to make a reconnaissance to Cut Bank Ford, on the Appomattox, and ascertained whether the enemy were crossing. The reconnaissance was a success, establishing the fact that the enemy's column was marching along the north bank of the Appomattox. On arriving near the station, General Custer was found to be engaged with the enemy's advance, and the First and Second Brigades of the division were dismounted and pushed in on his right. The enemy fell back rapidly to Appomattox Court-House where, being heavily re-enforced, they again advanced and occupied the woods in front of Clover Hill.

At daybreak on the morning of 9th instant Colonel Fitzhugh, with Second Brigade, was about to advance upon the direct road to Appomattox Court-House, when he was relieved by Smith's brigade, of Second Division. On the previous night I had reconnoitered a road on the enemy's left flank leading in the direction of the Court-House. Colonel Fitzhugh was now ordered to advance upon this road and the whole division ordered to mass upon the enemy's left. Heavy firing had at this time commenced on front of Second Division. The command was now moved to the right and well to the front of Second Division, when the enemy as discovered advancing in two heavy lines of battle. Fuger's section of Miller's battery was at once placed in position, and opened a rapid and effective fire; the First Brigade was dismounted and advanced through the woods on the enemy's left; Fitzhugh (who was by this time two miles in advance upon the right) was recalled, and ordered to connect upon the right; and every exertion was made to effect a diversion in favor of General Crook and hold the position until the arrival of our infantry. The heavy masses of the enemy soon forced back the Second Division, and a strong line was now advanced upon the First Division. We were shortly forced back, and, after a hard fight, pushed across the road, Fuger's section remaining in position until the enemy's line was within 100 yards. The Third Brigade having come in the whole line was no dismounted and horses retired; barricades were being erected, and every preparation made to hold the crest in rear, when the Fifth Corps arrived and advanced in line of battle. The division was now ordered to mount and move to the extreme right. As it was requisite to lead the horses far to the right, in order to retard the advancing line of Fifth Corps, a slight delay occurred in mounting, but the division was ready to take up its position (the Reserve Brigade being already engaged) at the time hostilities were ordered to cease. On that night the command encamped on the field, and on the next day marched to Prospect Station.

