
Throughout the series of engagements preceding the surrender of the Confederate army the conduct of officers and men was admirable. When at times forced back and overwhelmed by largely superior numbers the command retired in order, and a line could be reformed at any moment. From the nature of the country most of the fighting was dismounted-a most fatiguing and arduous duty for cavalry.

The brigade commanders were prompt. Brigadier-General Gibbs, with his decimated command, rendered on several occasions valuable, service. The gallant and determined stand of his brigade while holding an important position near Dinwiddie Court-House (March 31) is fast in the memory of all. Colonels Stagg and Fitzhugh fought their brigades with coolness, judgment, and gallantry, and, though at times hotly pressed by heavy masses of the enemy, brought off their commands with slight loss.

The division staff-Major Dana, assistant adjutant-general, Captains Bean and Halberstadt and Lieutenants Trimble, Hill, and Brown-rendered me valuable assistance on all occasions. Lieutenant Wiggins, signal office, volunteered his services on all occasions, and at Five Forks rendered gallant and efficient as aide-de-camp. I would respectfully recommend him to the department for promotion. Major King, quartermaster, Captain Hale, commissary, Captain Malone, ordnance officer, and Doctor Clarke, surgeon-in-chief of division, performed their duties with zeal and efficiency.

Among officers of the division conspicuous for gallant services in the late engagements, Lieutenant Cols. G. R. Maxwell, First Michigan; Briggs. of Seventh Michigan; Vinton, Sixth Michigan; Hastings, Fifth Michigan, and Captain Crooks, First Michigan-all of First Brigade; Major Morris, and Leib, of Reserve Brigade; and Colonel Durland, Majors White, Smith, and Captains Blunt, Cating, and Bell, of Second Brigade, deserve special mention.

The division captured during the several engagements, from March 30 to April 8, inclusive, 1,434 prisoners of war, 112 of whom were officers; of those about 1,000 were captured in the battle of Five Forks; 2 guns and 4 battle-flags were also captured.

Reports of casualties have already been forwarded.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. C. DEVIN,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Captain E. M. BAKER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry

Numbers 202. Report of Brigadier General Alfred Gibbs, U. S. Army, commanding Reserve Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY RESERVE BRIGADE,Camp near Nottoway Station, April 15, 1865.

MAJOR: In compliance with instructions from headquarters First Cavalry Division, Cavalry Corps, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this brigade from the time of leaving Petersburg, March 29, to the 9th of April, inclusive:

The brigade-consisting of the First, Fifth, and Sixth United States and Second Massachusetts Cavalry, in all 437 enlisted men, with 20

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 591.

---------------

