
officers-left camp in front of Petersburg March 29 at 8 a.m. Marched via Reams' Station, and camped near Dinwiddie Court-House. On the 30th moved early, brigade being in advance, skirmishing all day with enemy in vicinity of Dinwiddie Court-House. The Fifth and Sixth U. S. Cavalry, under Major R. Murray Morris, Sixth U. S. Cavalry, commanding, were sent up the road toward the Five Corners to feel and find the enemy. The Second Massachusetts, Colonel C. Crowninshield, were sent up plank road to the right, while Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Colonel Leiper, were sent up toward White Oak road and midway between the two before mentioned, with orders to communicate with columns on their respective flanks. All the columns soon felt the enemy, driving their vedettes in upon their supports, and these, in turn, upon their reserves. Major Morris gallantly drove in the large force opposed to him and held his position within a short distance of Five Forks until overpowered by numbers he fell back, losing 3 officers and 20 men. The Second Massachusetts and Sixth Pennsylvania also met the enemy whom they were unable to drive, but firmly held their position. They were relieved by First Brigade and First U. S. Cavalry and two regiments of the Second Brigade, under Colonel Fitzhugh, and again occupied position near Five Forks. At sunset the whole force was withdrawn and camped near the junction of roads before mentioned.

On the morning of the 31st moved toward Dinwiddie Court-House, and about 1 p.m. took position in the woods at another fork of plank road, the left connecting with Brigadier-General Gregg, and right being directed to connect with the other brigades of the division; this, however, was never effected. Dense masses of enemy's infantry pressed down the road and entirely cut off these two brigade from us; although few in numbers the brigade desperately held its ground for over two hours, disputing every inch of ground until finally doggedly yielding, when the whole line was driven back by Pickett's division of infantry, losing 5 officers killed and captured and 15 men. Captain Miller's battery, Fourth Artillery, did good service on hill in front of the town. Lieutenant Thompson, aide-de-camp on my staff, was severely wounded, and Major Morris, Sixth U. S. Cavalry, also with me, had his horse killed by my side. Brigade camped that night near Crump's house.

April 1, moved forward through Dinwiddie Court-House and participated in attack on enemy's works near Five Forks. About 2 p.m. the whole line moved gallantly forward upon the enemy's breast-works, the whole brigade being on foot except First U. S. Cavalry, which, under Captain R. S. C. Lord, gallantly charged the flying masses of the enemy with reckless fury far beyond the advance of rest of brigade. At 5 p.m. other material. In this most desperate conflict I have again to record the loss of 2 officers killed and wounded and 14 men. On the 2nd of April the Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, detailed for temporary duty at the headquarters cavalry brigade, moved toward South Side Railroad, of which it destroyed half a mile of track, and moved west, overtaking enemy's infantry near Exeter Mills. Skirmished with enemy until dark; bivouacked on the skirmish line. On the 3rd moved in rear of Third Division to near Deep Creek, but did not meet enemy that day. April 4, overtook enemy's infantry and relieved the other brigades on picket; moved out again at 10 p.m. and marched all night, via Dennisville and reached Jeffersonville [Jetersville?], on the Danville railroad, at 2 p.m.; formed on left of division and remained in line of battle until dark, when brigade was moved over to right and camped in rear of infantry.

