
On the 6th moved out and attacked enemy's train at Sailor's Creek; after a stubborn fight, slowly advancing, the brigade was withdrawn and moved to left, and about 10 p.m. drove in the pickets of rear of Mahone's division of infantry. While watching enemy were attacked and sharply shelled, losing four men, and bivouacked in the woods half a mile in rear. On 7th moved through Prince Edward Court-House, the advance being at Prospect Station, on Virginia South Side Railroad. No engagement during the day. On the 8th marched through Prospect Station and Walker's Church to near Appomattox Station; met Third Cavalry Division, engaged with enemy, and went on its right; skirmished till 10 p.m., and picketed with whole brigade on the right front and across Appomattox Court-House road.

On the memorable 9th of April attacked enemy dismounted, on the Appomattox Court-House road. The Fifth U. S. Cavalry were sent in mounted and down a road (on the left) in their front, but were met by a brigade of enemy's infantry, and retired with a loss of four men. The brigade was then mounted and ordered to charge on the right of General Custer's command, which was done in rapid style; but on arriving on the extreme right I was informed that a flag of truce of surrender had passed within our lines, and hostilities were ordered to be suspended. The brigade camped for the night at a wood near Martin's house, one mile in rear of Appomattox Court-House.

I have the honor herewith to inclose a nominal list of the officers killed, wounded, and captured, and a numerical list of enlisted men killed, wounded, and missing.*

To the officers of my staff, the commanders of battery and regiments, and to the officers and men of the command generally, my most hearty thanks are due for the unwavering gallantry, fortitude, courage, and pertinacity with which they sustained the fatigues and hardships of this memorable campaign, the exercise of which only could have enabled them to take the distinguished part that they have done. It will always be a source of pride to them to fell that they, too, were in Sheridan's army in the campaign of 1865.

I am, major, your obedient servant,

ALFRED GIBBS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major A. E. DANA,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division.

Numbers 203. Report of Bvt. Major General George A. Custer, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,April 15, 1865.

SIR: The following is a brief summary of the operations of my command since the 29th of March last:

My division left its camp near Petersburg on the morning of the 29th of March. From this date until our arrival within four miles of Dinwiddie Court-House, on the evening of the 31st, we were employed as escort for the trains of the entire command. On the afternoon of the 31st a

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 591.

---------------

