
CAVALRY CORPS.

Second Division.

January 1.- Thirteenth Ohio Cavalry assigned to Third Brigade. Nothing unusual occurred during the month. Drill daily, and scouting parties sent out every day. The command pickets from Jerusalem plank road to James River on left and rear of the army.

February 1, 2, 3, and 4.- Quiet.

February 5.- The division moved out at 3 a. m. to Dinwiddie Court-House without finding the enemy in any considerable force.

February 6. - Formed junction with infantry on right at Gravelly Run. Engaged the enemy and drove them across the run and held the position.

February 7.- Engaged in skirmishing all day successfully.

February 8.- Returned to camp. Received Order Numbers 57, War Department, accepting resignation of Brevet Major-General Gregg.

February 9.- General Gregg relieved of command.

February 10.-General Gregg left the command, and Bvt. Brigadier General J. I. Gregg assumed command.

February 11 to 20.-Quiet.

February 21.-Division received orders to move out at 3 p. m.; 6 p. m., reported at headquarters Army of the Potomac; 8 p. m., returned to camp.

February 22.-Quiet.

February 23.- Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry reeved from duty with this division, per Special Orders, Numbers 51, Army of the Potomac.

February 24.-Twenty-first Pennsylvania Cavalry transferred from Third to Second Brigade of this division. Brigadier-General Davies returned from leave and assume command of division.

February 25 to 28.-Quiet, nothing worthy of note occurring.

March 1.- Division encamped near Petersburg, Brigadier General H. E. Davies commanding; Colonel H. H. Janeway commanding First Brigade, Bvt. Brigadier General J. I. Gregg commanding Second Brigade, and Bvt.

Brigadier General C. H. Smith commanding Third Brigade.

March 2 to 26.- Quiet, nothing unusual occurring.

March 27.- General Crook assumed command of the division; assigned by Special Orders Numbers 78, March 27, headquarters Army of the Potomac.

March 28.-Quiet.

March 29.-At 6 a. m. the division moved out with First and Third Divisions, under Major-General Sheridan, to Dinwiddie Couth-House.

March 30.-In camp at Dinwiddie Court-House.

March 31.-The division moved out at an early hour and engaged the enemy, driving him back. The engagement continued until about 6 p. m., when we fell back to the Court-House, having been without ammunition for some time.

First Brigade, Second Division.

[January.]-During the month the brigade has been in camp at Westbrook's house, Va., one mile west of McCann's Station, on the Petersburg and Norfolk Railroad, and engaged in picket and scouting duty.

[March.]-Nothing of interest occurred worthy of notice during the month, the brigade being engaged in its usual picket and scouting duty

8 R R-VOL XLVI, PT I

