
a flag of truce, requesting a suspension of hostilities. After making a proper disposition of my force either to repel or make an attack the truce was agreed to until instructions could be received from the proper authority. The result is already known.

The rapidity with which battle followed battle in the late campaign, each time resulting in a glorious victory for our arms, has prevented me from going into detail. A mere reference to each important engagement is all that has been attempted in this report. During the brief period of ten days my command captured in open battle 46 pieces of artillery and 37 battle-flags. This of itself is the best evidence I could wish to offer of the gallantry and heroism displayed by this division.

Respectfully submitted.

G. A. CUSTER,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Third Cavalry Division.

Brevet Major-General MERRITT,

Acting Chief of Cavalry.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,May 20, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded.

In justice to the Second Brigade of the First Division, Colonel Fitzhugh commanding, it is stated that the two pieces of artillery captured at the Five Forks by the cavalry are claimed as captured by his brigade. The infantry, I hear, also claims to have captured these guns. They were, I think, without doubt, captured these guns. They were, I think, without doubt, captured by Colonel Fitzhugh's command, which conducted itself with pre-eminent gallantry on this most important occasion. The undersigned was there and saw it.

W. MERRITT,

Major-General, Commanding Cavalry.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Appomattox Court-House, Va., April 9, 1865.

SOLDIERS OF THE THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION:

With profound gratitude toward the God of battles, by whose blessings our enemies have been humbled and our arms rendered triumphant, your commanding general avails himself of this his first opportunity to express to you his admiration of the herois manner in which you have passed through the series of battles which to-day resulted in the surrender of the enemy's entire army. The record established by your indomitable courage is unparalleled in the annals of war. Your prowess has won for you even the respect and admiration of your enemies. During the past six months, although in most instances confronted by superior numbers, you have captured from the enemy in open battle 111 pieces of field artillery, 65 battle-flags, and upward of 10,000 prisoners of war, including 7 general officers. Within the past ten days, and included in the above, you have captured 46 pieces of field artillery and 37 battle-flags. You have never lost a gun, never los a color, and have never been defeated, and notwithstanding the numerous engagements in which you have borne a prominent part, including those memorable battles of the Shenandoah, you have captured every piece of artillery which the enemy has dared to open upon you. The

