
near approach of peace renders it improbable that you will again be called upon to undergo the fatigues of the toilsome march, or the exposure of the battle-field, but should the assistance of keen blades, wielded by your sturdy arms, be required to hasten the coming of that glorious peace for which we have been so long contending, the general commanding is proudly confident that in the future, as in the past, every demand will meet with a hearty and willing response. Let us hope that our work is done, and that, blessed with the comforts of peace, we may soon be permitted to enjoy the pleasure of home and friends.

For our comrades who have fallen, let us ever cherish a grateful remembrance. To the wounded and to those who languish in Southern prisons, let our heartfelt sympathies be tendered.

And now, speaking for myself alone, when the war is ended and the task of the historian begins; when those deeds of daring which have rendered the name and fame of the Third Cavalry Division imperishable, are inscribed upon the bright pages of our country's history, I only ask that my name may be written as that of the commander of the Third Cavalry Division.

G. A. CUSTER,

Brevet Major-General.

Numbers 204. Report of Colonel Alexander C. M. Pennington, Third New Jersey Cavalry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Nottoway Court-House, Va., April 15, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of March 29, in company with the division, and camped that night, or rather bivouacked, west of Rowanty Creek. Moved forward the next day about noon with my brigade, by order of General Custer, and halted and camped about four from Dinwiddie Court-House. Being some distance in advance of the camps of the other portions of the division, I threw out pickets for my own protection, and sent back details to corduroy the road for the passage of the wagon train, which was causing considerable delay to the column. Took my place in the column the following day, marching in rear of Colonel Capehart's brigade, which had the advance. On reaching Dinwiddie Court-House I received instructions from General Custer to move up rapidly to the front at a trot and to support General Smith's brigade, which was falling back on the left of the road. When about forming my command on the left of the road, I received an order from General Sheridan, through a staff officer, to put my men in on the right of the road; this I did, advancing the Second Ohio and Third New Jersey Cavalry. The First Connecticut had not yet reached the ground, and the Second New York, which had been sent forward with dispatches the night before, was guarding the Boydton plank road at its crossing with Stony Creek. The Second Ohio Cavalry and Third New Jersey advanced at a charge, dismounted, across the field, but the enemy developed a

