
vastly superior force of infantry, and after a sharp skirmish, in which they lost 3 officers and 18 men wounded, these regiments were obliged to fall back. I reformed the line upon a crest on the right of the main road, connecting on my left with the Third Brigade, Colonel Capehart commanding, threw up breast-works, and remained till follow morning, when it was ascertained that the enemy had left our immediate front.

About 9 a.m. April 1 I formed my brigade in line of battle, holding the Second Ohio in reserve and connecting on my left with the Third Brigade; moved toward Five Forks, following the course of Chamberlain's Bed. Very few of the enemy were met until we reached the vicinity of Five Forks, when the enemy were discovered in force with infantry, cavalry, and artillery. I had formed near this point a connection on my right with First Michigan Cavalry, of First Brigade, First Division, Lieutenant-Colonel Maxwell commanding, but it was not until I had engaged the enemy that I found, on consulting with Lieutenant-Colonel Maxwell, the First Michigan did not connect with any regiment on its right, and that he, Lieutenant-colonel Maxwell, intended to draw off his regiment and endeavor to form connection with First Division. He withdrew his regiment and I withdrew my line from the view of the enemy, not deeming it prudent to advance with my right flank so much exposed. Moving my brigade by the right flank, I succeeded in connecting with the left of Colonel Fitzhugh's brigade, of First Division, which brigade was also dismounted. I omitted to state that my own as well as Colonel Capehart's brigade were dismounted from the time the advance was ordered. On making connection my right rested on a wood road leading to Five Forks, and the left of Colonel Fitzhugh's brigade rested on the same road. Both commands were formed in a very thick piece of woods, almost impenetrable for horsemen, and which extended to the enemy's line of works at Five Forks. My line was about 600 yards from that of the enemy. I ordered the command to throw up log breast-works and awaited orders. I had previously been informed that the Fifth Army Corps was to make an attack at Five Forks by the way of White oak road, and while awaiting this attack one of General Custer's staff officers rode up and told me the general desired to see me. I found him on a road which made an acute angle with that upon which my right rested, the angle being at Five Forks; the left of my line rested on or near this road. The general directed me to send for my led horses, which were some distance in our rear, and upon their arrival to mount my brigade and follow the other the other two brigades of the division, with which he was about moving to attack the enemy's right. I had already sent two staff officers for my led horses, and I now sent another. While still conversing with the general, a heavy fire of musketry indicated that the infantry attack had commenced. I expressed my opinion to the general that there appeared to be heavy firing on the front of my line; he assured me that the firing was not on my line, and a moment after rode away. He had scarcely gone when one of my staff officers, who had been left on the other road, rode up at a gallop and informed me that General Merritt had ordered the line forward and that the brigade was engaged. I mounted my horse and with all haste repaired to the spot and arrived just as my line had fallen back, the causes assigned being that the First Division had failed to keep up proper connection; that every connection and that the men were nearly out of ammunition. I again advanced the line, and through the kindness of Major Dana, assistant adjutant-

