
participated in the engagement which took place subsequently, capturing 6 pieces of artillery, 100 prisoners, and 50 mules. Formed my brigade on road leading from Appomattox Court-House to Appomattox Station, and remained until all the captured wagons and artillery had been removed, and then moved to near the railroad and encamped.

On the morning of April 9 moved with the division and remained all day formed on the right of the army, while the flag of truce was pending, which resulted in the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia. Marched on the 10th to Prospect, and thence to Nottoway Court-House, via Burkeville, reaching it April 13.

During the time embraced in the is report my brigade has captured 18 pieces of artillery, 11 battle-flags, about 2,500 prisoners, including 3 generals and 190 commissioned officers, 2 caissons, 1 limber, about 300 wagons, with their teams, 3 trains of cars, with their locomotives, loaded with supplies. The Second Ohio Cavalry destroyed about 2,000 stand of arms. The casualties since leaving Petersburg are as follows, viz: 2 officers killed, 23 officers wounded; 21 enlisted men killed, 97 enlisted men wounded.*

Both men and officers have behaved with great gallantry throughout the campaign. The regimental commanders-Colonel A. M. Randol, commanding Second New York; Colonel Brayton Ives, commanding First Connecticut Cavalry; Lieutenant Colonel William P. Robeson, commanding Third New Jersey Cavalry; and Albert Barnitz, commanding Second Ohio Cavalry-deserve especial commendation for marked gallantry in action and for the energy, and skill with which they handled their regiments.

My thanks are due to my staff officers for the promptness and zeal displayed by them in delivering orders. Those who were under fire acted uniformly with marked bravery.

The following are the names of those composing my staff; Captain Charles H. Miller, assistant adjutant-general; Captain R. E. Lawder, Second Ohio Cavalry, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain A. C. Houghton, Second Ohio Cavalry, acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Ray T. Gordon, Second New York Cavalry, acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant C. E. B. Voege, Third New Jersey Cavalry, acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant S. N. Hinman, First Connecticut Cavalry, acting aide-de-camp; Surg. G. A. Hurlbut, First Connecticut Cavalry, surgeon-in-chief.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. M. PENNINGTON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[Captain BARNHART,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.]

Numbers 205. Report of Major James Bliss, Eighth New York Cavalry, Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH NEW YORK CAVALRY,April 17, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this regiment since March 27:

On the 27th and 28th ultimo were encamped at Hancock's Station. 29th ultimo moved out in morning to Rowanty Creek and remained in

---------------

*But see reversed table, p. 591.

---------------

72 R R-VOL XLVI, PT I

