
line of battle, saddled, all night. 30th, toward evening moved about three miles and camped for night. Remained until evening of 31st, when ordered to assist wagon train in getting to the front, which occupied all night. Got train through on morning 1st [instant] and went to front, and in afternoon became engaged with Pickett's rebel division of infantry, and lost several men killed and wounded; about twenty horses were killed. Camped about 11 p.m. Morning 2nd instant moved out and crossed South Side Railroad; about six miles came upon the enemy near Namozine Creek and camped for night. 3rd instant, marched at 6 a.m.; after crossing the creek took the advance and met the enemy at Namozine Church passing several caissons wagons, &amp;c., on road abandoned by enemy; had severe fight; drove the enemy in great confusion; our loss quite severe; came up to Johnson's rebel division infantry, when we were obliged to halt; moved on road to right and joined the division at Doctor Taylor's farm and encamped. April 4, moved at 8 o'clock about eighteen miles; went into camp at 5 p.m.; ordered out 11 p.m., and marched all night to join General Sheridan's forces; halted at 8 a.m., and formed line of battle on left of Fifth Corps; at 2 o'clock were relieved by Second Corps and moved two miles to right and encamped for night. April 6, went on reconnaissance to Amelia Court-House, regiment in advance, picking up numerous stragglers on way; found the enemy had left, burning 98 caissons and abandoning large quantities of ammunition; joined the division at Harper's farm 9 p.m. and camped. April 7, moved through Prine Edward Court-House to four miles beyond and camped. April 8, moved at 6 a.m. and marched until evening, when came upon enemy near railroad; had severe fight, drove the enemy, and took part in capturing trains of cars, wagons, guns, &c.; moved back three miles and went into camp about 12 o'clock. April 9, moved out at 8 a.m.; regiment deployed as skirmishers on left of division; skirmished about an hour, when flag of truce was received and operations ceased; collected regiment, and encamped on right of Appomattox Court-House. April 10, moved to Prospect Station and camped. April 11, moved to Rice's Station and encamped. April 12, moved to near Burkeville and encamped. April 13, moved to Nottoway Court-House and encamped. April 14, 15 and 16, remained at Nottoway Court-House.

Very respectfully, &c.,

JAS. BLISS,

Major Eighth New York Cavalry, Commanding.

[Captain J. J. McVEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 206. Report of Colonel John J. Coppinger, Fifteenth New York Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH NEW YORK CAVALRY,Near Nottoway Station Court-House, Va., April 16, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from headquarters Second Brigade, I have the honor to report the operations of this regiment since March 27, 1865, as follows:

The command reached camp near Petersburg, Va., on the 27th day of March, 1865; remained there for two days. Proceeded on the morning of the 30th of March, 1865, to Stony Creek Cross-Roads, and performed

