
until the 29th a. m., when the brigade Broke camp, taking up its line of march, in the center of the division, en route for Dinwiddie Court-House, Va., via Reams' Station, Weldon railroad, arriving at that point early in the p. m., encamping for the night near this point.

March 30.- P. m. moved to the left, encamping in a field near Chamberlain's Creek, standing ready for action, though not called on.

March 31.-P. m. were heavily engaged with the enemy near Chamberlain's Creek, and after a severally contested struggle the command was compelled to fall back to the grounds near the point occupied on the night of the 29th, where the command was reformed and encamped near this point oft the night.

[April.]-The brigade has been in active duty all the month, and took an active part in the evacuation of Petersburg and Richmond, Va., and the surrender of General Robert E. Lee to General U. S. Grant.

April 5.-The brigade a reconnaissance in the enemy's rear,

striking their wagon train near Paineville Cross-Roads, capturing 320 white prisoners, 310 colored teamsters, 11 battle-flags, 5 pieces of artillery and teams, and 1 caisson, 310 mules; also burning over 200 headquarters ammunition and ambulance wagons and caissons.

April 6.-In the engagement of that day the command captured 750 prisoners of war, 2 battle-flags, and 2 guns.

Was present with the corps in the march to South Boston, Va., and return to Presburg, Va.

Second PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY.

January 1.- One battalion, which was on picket on Quaker road, returned to camp.

January 2, 3, 4,and 5.-In camp. Forage scarce.

January 6.-One battalion of regiment went on scout on Quaker and Norfolk roads; returned in evening of same day.

January 7, 8, and 9.-In camp.

January 10.-Went on picket on Quarker road.

January 11 and 12.-On picket.

January 13.-Returned from picket.

January 14.-In camp. Forage still scarce.

January 15.-Inspected by Brevet Brigadier-General Gregg, at 11.30 a. m.

January 16.-Detachment of two officers and seventy-six men went on picket.

January 17 and 18.-Remainder of regiment in camp. Camp guard doubled, with a view to prevent stealing and other depredations.

January 19.-Detachment of two officers and seventy-six men returned from picket.

January 20, 21, and 22.-In camp, engaged in building troughs for horses.

