
having a conference with Major-General Custer. A skirmish with Hampton's cavalry on the right now took place; we drove the enemy. Our loss on the morning of the 9th was 1 killed and 3 wounded.

Total loss of Fifteenth New York Cavalry since March 27, 1865: Killed, 9; wounded, 35; missing, 6.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. COPPINGER,

Colonel Fifteenth New York Cavalry, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. J. McCVEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade, Third Division.

Numbers 207. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Josiah Hall, First Vermont Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST VERMONT CAVALRY,April 16, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the regiment since the 27th ultimo:

On the 27th and 28th remained in camp in front of Petersburg. The 29th we moved out from before Petersburg, marched all day toward the left, and encamped near Hatcher's Run. The 30th, it being a very rainy day, we marched but a short distance, assisting, however, during the entire day, the wagon trains by repairing the road, &amp;c. The 31st remained in camp until 12 m., while we again repaired the roads. At 12 m. moved out, repairing and building roads, and encamped late on the Vaughan road.

On the 1st of April left the train to rejoin, with the brigade, the division; participated in the fight near the Five Points; captured several prisoners, losing 5 men wounded, and several horses killed: followed up the enemy until a late hour, when we went on picket for the balance of the night. April 2, moved out at 9 a.m. toward the railroad. We held the advance, met, the enemy, and drove them; remained on picket and skirmish line while the rest of the division was destroying the railroad. At 1 p.m. moved again; crossed the railroad at Poplar Station and encamped for the night. April 3, moved out early toward George's Creek, where the enemy was found disputing the crossing. We drove him by flanking him, and kept up a lively march until we reached Namozine Church. Here we were strongly engaged with the enemy; charged and driven him eight miles, capturing 100 prisoners, 100 horses, 1 gun, several ambulances, &c., losing 2 men killed and 6 wounded. Encamped this night near Deep Creek. April 4, crossed Deep Creek, marched all day and encamped ten miles from Amelia Court-House; moved out from this place at 12 the same night and reached Jeter's Station at 9 a.m. the following day. April 5, moved to the left of the Fifth Corps; remained in line of battle all day; at 5 p.m. moved back about two miles and encamped for the night. April 6, moved to the right, marched all day and encamped near Sailor Creek. April 7, moved out early, passed through Prince Edward Court-House and encamped near Chickentown. April 8, marched hard all day; reached Appomattox Station at 6 p.m.; had a severe fight with the enemy; captured 6 guns, 12 wagons, 7 ambulances,

---------------

*But see revised table, p. 591.

---------------

