
and many prisoners, losing 1 man killed, 9 wounded, and several horses killed. April 9, we moved out early toward the enemy; charged the left of the enemy's line, capturing several prisoners and horses, losing 2 men wounded, and several horses killed; were charging the enemy when the order came to stop firing, as they had given indication of a surrender; remained in line of battle all day on Clover Hill, where we encamped for the night. April 10, moved back, marching all day, and encamped near Prospect Station. The 11th marched all day, and encamped near Rice's Station. The 12th marched all day; reached Burke's Station and encamped for the night. April 13, marched all day; reached within one mile of Nottoway Court-House and encamped. On the 14th, 15th, and 16th remained in the same camp.

I have the honor to be, respectfully,

J. HALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain M. A. STONE,

Acting Assistant Inspector-General.

Numbers 208. Report of Major General George Crook, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

April 18, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the operations of the Second Cavalry Division, Army of the Potomac, during the campaign which ended with the capitulation of the rebel Army of Northern Virginia on the 9th instant.

On the 29th ultimo the Second Cavalry Division-composed of three brigades, commanded, respectively, by Brigadier General H. E. Davies, Bvt. Brigadier General J. I. Gregg, and Bvt. Brigadier General Charles H. Smith-left its old encampment in front of Petersburg and marched to Dinwiddie Court-House. Gregg's brigade being in the advance skirmished with small bands of the enemy's cavalry after he crossed the Rowanty Creek until he reached the Court-House. The next day he lay in camp, Davies' brigade going to support General Merritt in the vicinity of Five Forks. The next morning the enemy made a demonstration in Merritt's front, when Smith's brigade was posted at Chamberlain's crossing of Stony Creek, and Davies' brigade at another crossing of the same creek, about one mile above, while Gregg's brigade was held in reserve. At 11 a.m. the enemy made quite a fierce attack on Smith, who repulsed them very handsomely with severe loss. I might here state that the country in the vicinity of the creek was covered with a dense pine thicket, so that cavalry could only fight to advantage on foot. At about 1 p.m. the enemy anticipated our attack on them by their infantry forcing a passage both above and below Davies, cutting him off from Smith. Gregg was now ordered to attack the enemy, which he did very gallantly, causing his temporary falling back up the creek. Davies being compelled to fall back by overwhelming numbers fought his way back stubbornly, eventually working his way around to our right, and joining the division just after night-fall on the Vaughan road. Shortly after the attack on Davies' brigade the enemy made

