
another furious attack on Smith with artillery and cavalry. He very gallantly repelled all their attacks until evening, when his ammunition was exhausted; he was compelled to fall back. Gregg's ammunition being about exhausted was also compelled to fall back in front of their infantry, who were now advancing down the road toward the Court-House. The enemy not advancing farther than the junction of the two roads, the division went into camp for the night on the Vaughan road, some three miles from Dinwiddie. Nothing but occasional skirmishing occurred on the march from Dinwiddie Court-House to Jetersville. We arrived at the latter place on the 4th instant.

The next morning Davies was ordered to make a reconnaissance to the left. He made a handsome capture of guns, prisoners, &amp;c. (for particulars see his report). I went with the other two brigades to assist in reaching camp with his captives. The enemy attacked his rear guard just beyond Amelia Springs, but was repulsed. Gregg's brigade coming up at this juncture both brigades fell back as soon as the road became clear, Davies' brigade in the advance. Soon it was reported the enemy had attacked the advance guard guarding the captures, when Smith's and Davies' were sent at once to repel this attack, which was done very handsomely, allowing the captures to reach camp safely. The fighting continued all along my front until near night fall, whe the enemy desisted. The division then went into camp for the night at Jetersville, picketing the country in our front.

On the morning of the 6th the division moved on the Pride's Church road for Deatonsville. Ascertained that the enemy were moving through the latter place on the Jamestown road. Attempted to cut their train from the road crossing the Genito road at Atkinson's, but found this road strongly guarded by both infantry and cavalry. Moved across the country and struck the road on which the enemy were moving still farther to the left, and to the left of General Merritt's command. Found the enemy strongly posted on a high eminence, behind temporary breastworks. I sent Gregg's brigade to the left dismounted, who took possession of and held the road. Smith's brigade was also dismounted and on Gregg's right, while Davies' brigade, mounted, was on the field in front of their works. After these arrangements were completed a general assault was made, the dismounted men on the left turning and going over their works, while Davies made one of the finest charges of the war, riding over and capturing their works and its defenders. The enemy on the right, who were thus cut off from retreat, surrendered and were taken by different parties.

On the 7th moved on the Farmville road; skirmished with enemy's cavalry at different points [on] the road; came in sight of the enemy's rear guard just across the river at Farmville. I crossed the river at this point. General Gregg's brigade, being in the advance, made an attack on the enemy, was repulsed, and General Gregg taken prisoner; the command of this brigade devolved upon Colonel S. B. M. Young, Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry. By instructions we recrossed the river and marched to Prospect Station, where we encamped for the night.

On the 8th marched to Appomattox Station. General Mackenzie's division was assigned to my command to-day. After dark I was ordered to send a brigade to hold the road leading from Appomattox Court-House to Lynchburg. Smith's brigade was sent; he selected a good position near the Court-House. The enemy made no demonstration during the night, but the next morning, at a very early hour, he moved a very heavy line against him, which he held in check until General Mackenzie got up and went in on Smith's left Davies was

