
sent on a reconnaissance to the left, while Colonel Young's brigade was held in reserve. (See accompanying reports of operations during the day.) At about 9 a.m. the enemy made a strong attack on my front and flanks with a large force of infantry, while their cavalry attacked my rear. Mackenzie and Smith were forced to retire by overwhelming numbers, until relieved by the infantry. When we reorganized and were getting ready to go to the front an order for cessation of hostilities reached me. For particulars of the operations of my brigades when acting separately from the division I respectfully refer you to accompanying brigade reports.

I regret to report the loss of many gallant officers and men. Included in this number, and who came under my personal observation, were Colonel H. H. Janeway, First New Jersey Cavalry, who lost his life while heroically rallying his men; also Major H. S. Thomas, First Pennsylvania Cavalry, who lost his leg while gallantly leading his regiment in a charge at the battle of Jetersville, on the 5th instant. In them the service lost two of its brightest ornaments. For the many acts of gallantry performed that did not come under my personal observation, I would cheerfully indorse the special notices and recommendations of my subordinate commanders.

I cannot close this report without mentioning the marked good conduct of the command during the whole campaign, and my special indebtedness to my brigade commanders-Brigadier General H. E. Davies, Mackenzie, Gregg, and Smith-and to my battery commanders-Lieuts. J. H. Lord and S. H. Kinney-for their gallantry, cordial support, and the skillful manner in which they handled their commands. Also to the members of my staff for their gallantry and valuable assistant commissary of musters, H. E. Tremain, aide-de-camp, C. Taylor, acting assistant inspector-general; Captains Moore, aide-de-camp, William Harper, provost-marshal, A. H. Bibber, acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant C. S. Roberts; and Dr. E. J. Marsh, surgeon-in-chief.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE CROOK,

Major-General Volunteers, Commanding Second Division.

Bvt. Brigadier General J. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry.

Numbers 209. Report of Brigadier General Henry E. Davies, Jr., U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,Nottoway Court-House, April 14, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of my command from the 28th of March to date:

On the morning of the 29th of March the brigade broke camp near Petersburg and marched, via Malone's Bridge, to Dinwiddie Court-House, and there camped for the night on the Boydton plank road.

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 592.

---------------

