
command camped for the night. On the 4th of April the brigade moved to Jetersville and there took up a position, expecting an engagement, and camped for the night at that point.

On the morning of the 5th I moved out from camp under instructions to make a reconnaissance on the enemy's rear and ascertain the position of his trains. Passing through Amelia Springs I moved to Paineville and there learned that General Lee's wagon train was passing a point about four miles from that town. I immediately moved down at the trot, sending the First Pennsylvania Cavalry, my advance, ahead at the gallop, and they succeeded in striking the train just as a piece of artillery had been placed in position to repel my advance. Before the piece could be loaded my men, charging through a deep swamp, were upon them and at once captured the artillery and men belonging to the battery and scattered the train guard at that point, of about 400 men, in all directions. I sent two regiments (First Pennsylvania and Twenty-fourth New York) at once to the right, along the length of the train, directing them to capture all animals and prisoners and destroy all wagons, as owing to the condition of the road and the exhausted state of the teams I did not deem it practicable to bring off the wagons. The First New Jersey I kept near the point where the train was first attacked, to act as a reserve and support and to reconnoiter to the left, and to the Tenth New York I gave the charge of the prisoners, guns, &amp;c., captured, with directions to return with them to Jetersville as soon as were collected. The commanding officers of these regiments each executed the orders given them with fidelity and zeal, and in a short time I was on my return to Jetersville with 5 guns, 11 flags, 320 white prisoners, and equal number of colored teamsters, and over 400 animals, captured from the enemy, leaving behind me 200 blazing ammunition had headquarters wagons, caissons, and ambulances. Shortly after leaving Paineville, on my return, Gary's brigade of rebel cavalry, acting as escort to the train, attacked my rear guard and kept up a running fight with my command as far as Amelia Springs, where I formed my brigade and held the enemy in check until relieved by the Second Brigade of the division. I then rode to the head of my column and found that halted, and that the enemy had obtained possession of the cross-roads in my front, where the road from Amelia Springs to Jetersville intersects that from Amelia Court-House. A regiment of the Third Brigade at that point, with the First Pennsylvania and a portion of the Tenth New York, handsomely repulsed the enemy and drove him from the cross of the captured property, not losing one prisoner, animal, or gun, in spite of the desperate efforts made by the enemy to retake them. In the afternoon my brigade again went into action to repel an attempt made by the enemy to reach Jetersville from Amelia Springs, and though much reduced in strength by the large number of men required to guard prisoners and take charge of the captured property successfully resisted every attack made by the enemy, and made several mounted charges with great gallantry.

On the 6th of April the brigade moved out with the division and took part in the attack made on the enemy's infantry and train at Sailor's Creek. A very spirited and dashing reconnaissance of the position was made by the First New Jersey, which was of great assistance in the attack. When the order to attack was given the Twenty-fourth New York, Tenth New York, and First New Jersey charged in line, mounted, and with great gallantry, under a heavy fire, followed by the

