
First Pennsylvania as support. The charging regiments behaved admirably, keeping their line perfectly, and, leaping the breast-works, drove the enemy in confusion, capturing many prisoners; then charging right on up the hill they came upon the enemy's wagon train, which they followed up for some distance, destroying many wagons and capturing many prisoners. In this engagement 750 prisoners, 2 guns, and 2 flags were captured and turned over to Captain Harper, division provost-marshal. Some 300 prisoners were inadvertently turned over to another command by the officer in charge, and two guns captured by the Twenty-fourth New York, which they were unable to bring off at the time, were taken by some other command.

On the morning of the 7th the brigade moved through Farmville, and crossing the Appomattox in rear of the Second Brigade formed and checked the enemy advancing, after having driven in that command. Night coming on the brigade was withdrawn and marched to Prospect Station on the Lynchburg railroad.

On the 8th the brigade moved to the vicinity of Appomattox Court-House and there camped for the night.

On the 9th the brigade moved out on a reconnaissance around the enemy's right; but while on the road, hearing that the remainder of the division had been attacked in heavy force, I made a demonstration in that direction and repulsed a cavalry force moving toward the left and rear of our army. Afterward, having been joined by the Second Brigade, I attacked the enemy's cavalry in my front, and was driving them rapidly when orders directing a suspension of hostilities was received. From that time there is nothing of interest to report, the command having moved from Appomattox Court-House to the present camp by easy marches and unopposed.

I have to regret the loss of many brave and gallant officers of rank in the brigade. Colonel Janeway, of the First New Jersey Cavalry, fell while gallantly charging at the head of his regiment in the action of April 5, near Jetersville. No better or braver officer has ever fallen on the field of battle. Colonel Newberry, Twenty-fourth New York, fell severely wounded in the thickest of the fight near Dinwiddie Court-House, March 31, while leading his regiment in action, displaying signal courage. Lieutenant-Colonel Richards, Twenty-fourth New York, was mortally wounded while in command near Amelia Springs. April 5. Lieutenant-Colonel Sceva, Tenth New York, was severely wounded in the action at Dinwiddie Court-House, March 31, and fully deserves honorable mention for good conduct. Major Hart, First New Jersey, and Major Doran, Twenty-fourth New York, both fell in the same action-the former killed, the latter mortally wounded. Brave and true soldiers, they did their duty to the last, and fell as they lived, honorably and with distinction. Major Thomas, commanding First Pennsylvania, was severely wounded while leading his command in a charge at Jetersville, April 5, and has lost a leg from the injury he received. Of this officer I cannot speak too highly. Foremost in every fight, brave and daring, yet possessed of most excellent judgment, his loss is irreparable; in every action he was distinguished. The success of the attack on the train at Paineville is greatly due to him, and in the subsequent movements of that day his services were most valuable. I respectfully ask that the brevets of lieutenant-colonel and colonel may be granted to him dating from April 5, as a slight recognition of his merit and deserving.

Of all the officers and men serving with the command I am able to speak in the highest terms. Among so many who have done well it is

