
fused line, but was quickly formed and placed in position to cover the left flank of the Tenth New York Cavalry, which had been ordered to our support some time before. This regiment, after delivering two or three volleys, went rapidly to the rear, leaving my battalion to cover their shameful retreat. The enemy were in strong force and moved rapidly against us, and my men could do nothing but keep up a running fight until we passed through Colonel Janeway's lines, who, with the first and second battalions and a Michigan regiment, was gallantly holding the enemy in check. Major Hart, with the first battalion, had been sent out to my support, but meeting the brigade of the enemy which had moved on my right was unable to get to me. Hart fought his command, as he always did, with signal courage, great skill, and telling effect upon the enemy. It was his last fight. He was shot dead in his saddle; the bullet entered his right cheek and passed through the spinal column. Colonel Janeway, with his own and a Michigan regiment, with detachments from other regiments, slowly retired before the overwhelming force of the enemy to the road leading from Dinwiddie to Five Forks, where he connected his left with the remainder of the brigade. The enemy here changed his direction and operated wholly on the left, forcing the whole Cavalry Corps back to Dinwiddie Court-House. Here we remained for the night, the enemy in pistol-shot distance.

The casualties this day were as follows: Major James H. Hart, killed; First Lieutenant J. Killey, captured; First Lieutenant and Acting Commissary of Subsistence C. W. Camp, captured; 3 enlisted men killed, 6 enlisted men wounded, and 4 captured.

Early the next morning the enemy was pushed back, his forces routed, and many prisoners taken. On the 1st and 2nd of April our brigade remained in camp near Dinwiddie Court-House, guarding the trains of the corps. On the night of the 2nd we moved from Dinwiddie Court-House, in the rear of the trains, to the Claiborne road, in the vicinity of Hatcher's Run, bivouacked for a few hours, and then (the morning of the 3rd) pushed on, crossing the South Side Railroad at Sutherland's Station. We marched that day to Wilson's plantation on the Namozine road, where we encamped for the night. The line of march was resumed early the next morning, the 4th, on a road running parallel to the one Lee was retreating. We arrived at Jetersville, on the South Side Railroad, about 4 p.m. It was expected that the enemy would be found in force at this place; nothing, however, was found, and the cavalry was ordered to bivouac for the night. Pursuant to orders received from the brigade headquarters, Captain Craig, with Companies A and B, reported to General Davies, who instructed him to push down the Amelia Springs road and ascertain if any force of the enemy was there. Captain Craig obeyed his instructions to the letter, returned, and reported having captured 22 infantry soldiers, 38 horses, and a number of mules, all of which he brought into camp. From these prisoners it was learned that Lee with his army was at Amelia Court-House. At 3 o'clock on the following morning our brigade was moving toward that place. Arriving at Paine's Cross-Roads General Davies learned that the enemy's wagon train was but a short distance off. Pushing rapidly on we soon struck the advance guard, consisting of one brigade of cavalry, one regiment of infantry, and a battery of artillery. General Davies at once charged and routed this force, captured a large number of prisoners, 5 pieces of artillery, 180 wagons, 340 horses and mules. The wagons were all burned; the prisoners, artillery, and animals were all brought off. In this charge five battle-flags were captured by the following-named

