
officers and men of this regiment: Captain Samuel Craig, Company A; First Sergt. George W. Stewart, Company E; Private Lewis Locke, Company A; Private Christian Streile, Company I. After the capture of the wagon train, &amp;c., General Davies directed Colonel Janeway to move up on a road to the left, and hold it until he got well to the rear all captured property, prisoners, &c. Through some mistake no orders were received by Colonel Janeway to retire. Ascertaining that everything had recrossed the stream he wisely withdrew, but on arriving at the bridge he found it in possession of the enemy. Captain Brooks, with Companies H and K, made in elegant charge and drove the enemy from the bridge, and held the road leading to it while the remainder of the regiment crossed. Captain Hick, with Companies L and M, now formed the rear guard. Arriving at Paineville the regiment was ordered to remain there half an hour and hold the roads while the captured property was being taken off. The enemy now began to show himself in large numbers of our front and on both flanks. I was directed by Colonel Janeway to take Company H, strengthen and assume command of the rear guard. The enemy pressed us vigorously, making several charges which were, with one exception (the last one), handsomely repulsed. The enemy route us in their last charge and drove us back to a detachment of the regiment which had been formed for our support. This detachment made a splendid charge and checked the enemy, which enabled us to withdraw to where the remainder of the brigade was formed. In this charge the gallant Brooks, captain of Company K, was taken prisoner and sobered by General Gary after he had surrendered. A number of the men were also wounded. The enemy here displayed a much larger force than our own-they lapped both our flanks and engaged us sharply in our front; but the regiment, with brave, skillful Janeway in command, unflinchingly stood their ground and used their Spencer carbines with telling effect upon the enemy.

It would be useless for me to particularize the actions of any officer or man-they all performed their duty in their usual manner as soldiers; but the conduct of Surgeon Willis was so different from medical officers generally that I can not pass it by without notice. He was in the thickest of the fight, and was of great service to Colonel Janeway in conveying orders and rallying men from the different regiments, taking them to the skirmish line, remaining there himself, and encouraging them on. We were relieved by the Second Brigade of our division, when we retired to a point near Amelia Springs, and we remained at this place till 2 p.m., when we were again ordered into action.

Colonel Janeway was ordered by General Davies to support two other regiments in a charge; these regiments were repulsed in the charge and driven back to their support. Colonel Janeway immediately ordered a charge, in leading which our brave gallant colonel was shot through the head and died almost instantly. This cast a gloom over the whole regiment. His superior we never knew; a brave skillful officer, a courteous gentleman, a true, earnest patriot, qualities which have endeared him to every officer and man of the regiment. We held the line until after dark, when we were relieved and ordered back to Jetersville.

The casualties of the day were as follows: Colonel Hugh H. Janeway, killed; Captain Joseph Brooks, Company K, wounded, and prisoner; First Lieutenant and Adjt. James T. Clancy, wounded; Second Lieutenant James S. Metler, Company D, prisoner; Second Lieutenant William Wilson, Company G, prisoner; 1 enlisted man killed, 8 wounded and 21 prisoners.

We bivouacked at Jetersville that night, and moved out at 10 a.m. the following day. Generals Merritt and Custer had captured and

