
burned a large number of wagons near Sailor's Creek. They were heavily engaged with the enemy when we came up. The Cavalry Corps was formed to charge the enemy; this regiment formed the connection on the extreme right of the Second Division with General Custer's division (Third). In front of our regiment was a plan open field where the enemy had a good line of rifle-pits. I received orders from General Davies to charge this line of works. I expected the whole line would charge at the same time. I moved on their line of works at once; the troops on my right, instead of charging the enemy, were being pushed back. The regiment acted splendidly, but it was impossible for us to make any impression on the enemy's line. General Custer's division, on my right, and a portion of our brigade, on my left, was giving way. The fire from the enemy was terrible. Lieutenants Ford and Metler and many of the men were wounded; horses were dropping fast. I was forced to retire, which I did by moving the regiment to the right, in order to place them under cover of a rising piece of ground. Major-General Crook and others complimented the regiment very highly for the gallant manner in which they conducted themselves. I received orders from General Davies to form the regiment in its original place in line. I understood afterward that the order given for the regiment to charge was rather premature. Some two hours later a simultaneous charge was made by the Sixth Corps and the cavalry. This was probably the grandest cavalry charge of the war. General Ewell with nearly all his corps was captured, besides a large number of cannon. In this charge I suffered the temporary loss of Captain Hughes, Company C, commanding the second battalion. He fell from his horse, wounded through the head. He is a brave, capable officer, and I could illy spare him. In going to the rear he discovered two pieces of artillery, which the enemy unable to move off had secreted in the woods. He collected some dismounted men, and with a team of mules brought them off. First Lieutenants Johnson, commanding Company H, and Carty, commanding Company L, charged and captured two light field pieces from the enemy. Captain Craig, as usual, had his horse shot. We encamped on the battle-field that night .

The casualties of the day were as follows: Captain William Hughes, Company C, wounded; First Lieutenant Lieutenant Thomas H. Ford, Company D, wounded; Second Lieutenant James S. Metler, Company D, wounded; with 7 enlisted men wounded and 2 missing.

The line of march was taken up early on the morning of the 7th, and the enemy pushed rapidly to Farmville and across the Appomattox River. Here they made a stand and enticed the Second Brigade of our division into a beautifully-laid trap, which resulted in their complete rout. This brigade came back in great confusion, and but for the timely order of General Davies would have swept a portion of this regiment along with them. The general, seeing the state of affairs, directed me, through Captain Lebo, of his staff, to move rapidly to the left of the road, and there form and check the enemy, which order was executed to his satisfaction. The action of the regiment upon this occasion gave great confidence to the troops in rear, who were following us in the line of march. The brigade was formed in line and the enemy held by us until dark, when we were relieved by the infantry. Lieutenants Watts and Fay were wounded during the day. That night we marched to and encamped at Prospect Station, on the Lynchburg railroad.

