
The casualties of this day were as follows: Second Lieutenant Charles Watts, Company E, wounded; Second Lieutenant Lawrence Fay, Company F, wounded; 3 enlisted men killed, 6 wounded, and 4 prisoners.

On the 8th we marched to Appomattox Depot, on the Lynchburg railroad. The regiment was not engaged that day. Four trains of cars loaded with supplies for Lee's Army were captured at the depot.

On the morning of the 9th our hearts were gladdened by the intelligence that the enemy were now headed off, we being in possession of the road on which Lee was retreating, and that if we could hold this road until our infantry came up Lee and his army could not possibly escape. The bright, smiling faces which could be seen in the regiment told plainly that for their share of the work we could depend upon them. General Davies was covering a road on the right of Lee's army. The remainder of our division was fighting on our right. The general, learning that the enemy were driving them, ordered me, through his very efficient aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Robert Henry, Company A of this regiment, to take the regiment, find and engage the enemy's flank, favoring as much as possible the brigades of Smith and Gregg, who were being so vigorously pushed. Captain Craig, who had the advance in this movement, reported a rebel cavalry brigade moving toward us in an oblique direction, and apparently coming from General Davies' front, and with the intention of cutting us off. I immediately sent Captain Beekman, with the remainder of his battalion, Companies G and I, to strengthen Craig and throw out a strong skirmish line. At the same time, Captain Hick, commanding Third Battalion, was directed to move to the left and rear and remain there as a support. Taking Captain Brower, with his battalion, I maneuvered till I succeeded in getting between the enemy and the remainder of the brigade. Captain Beekman at the same time changed to the left, keeping his skirmishers between Brower and the enemy. Hick was then brought down to Brower's position. The ever ready Henry, of General Davies' staff, coming down, I requested him to inform the general what I was doing and what was opposing me; learning it, he sent the Twenty-fourth New York Cavalry down to report to me and orders to fall slowly back and connect my skirmish line with that of the infantry on my right and rear. All this was performed with the loss of one man killed-Lemuel O. Smith, private, Company E. The infantry relieving us, we were ordered still farther to the left, when we again engaged the enemy, and, for the last time, Captain Beekman, with the first battalion, was sent out on the skirmish line. An irregular and harmless fire was kept up for some time. Finally the skirmish line of the brigade was ordered to charge the enemy, supported by the regiments. The enemy were quickly driven in confusion from their position. The successful charge had hardly terminated before orders were received for hostilities to cease. The order was immediately followed by a flag of truce from General Crook to the commanding general of the rebel forces in front of our lines, informing him that Generals Grant and Lee were having an interview, and arranging the terms of surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia to General Grant.

In this last engagement I cannot speak in too high terms of Captains Beekman and Cause. Beekman so maneuvered a portion of his command as to destroy the left of the enemy's skirmish line, by driving it pell-mell into the road for Canse to make his last charge, and a gallant and successful one it was.

Second Lieutenant R. Darnstaedt, Company I, we claim to be the last officer wounded in the combined armies operating against Lee's forces.

