
Our cavalry division was the last to receive orders for a cessation of hostilities. The last flag of truce sent out was through our brigade lines. Lieutenant Darnstaedt received a painful but not dangerous wound in the head after the truce had passed our lines.

Hostilities ceased, and the terms of the surrender agreed upon. We bivouacked that night on the battle-field, and our hearts were made glad by the appearance of Captain Brooks, who had just been released from captivity.

On the morning of the 10th we commenced our return march to Petersburg. On the night of the 10th, while we were encamped at Prospect Station, we had the pleasure of receiving back our captured comrades, First Lieuts. Joseph Killey and C. W. Camp. These officers, before the surrender, managed to make their guard prisoners, and escaped with them into our lines. We arrived at Petersburg on the 18th day of April.

In this eventful campaign the regiment in every engagement bore itself with conspicuous gallantry. The conduct of the officers in every instance was such as to elicit the praise of every one. Adjt. James T. Clancy throughout the whole campaign rendered me most efficient service. His conduct in the action of April 5 called forth the commendation of Major-General Crook and several of his staff officers. On this day, while gallantly charging with a detachment of the regiment, he received a painful saber wound in the hand. He declined to leave the field in this and subsequent battles. Great credit is due to Captain Hughes for our final success in the afternoon engagement of April 5.

On the 6th of April First Lieutenant Thomas H. Ford received a wound in the left breast by a glancing shot, prohibiting the use of his bridle arm and the wearing of a saber-belt, but he remained with and took an active part in all the battles of the regiment.

The following non-commissioned officers and privates received medals of honor from the Secretary of War for gallantry in the campaign: First Sergt. George W. Stewart, Company E; Sergt. Aaron B. Tompkins, Company G; Sergt. David Southard, Company C; Charles E. Wilson, color-sergeant, William Porter, sergeant, Company H; Charles Titus, sergeant, Company H; John Wilson, sergeant, Company L, William B. Hooper, corporal, Company L, and private Christian Streile, Company I. In these medals of honor the soldier received a token which is of more value than anything which could be given him. They stamp the recipient a brave, faithful soldier, a man to be honored and received.

Segt. Major William T. Allen, Sergt. Samuel Walton, Company A; Sergts. Charles Kriselmier and John Tynon, Company B; Sergts. William R. Bransom, Culver Marshall, and Chester Merritt, of Company C; First Sergt. John H. Warner, Company D; Sergts. John Shield, William Russell, and John Fogarty, Company E; Michael Williams and Edward F. Wenner, sergeants of Company G; John Brockbank and William Hudson, sergeants, Company H, and Corpl. Philip Klespies, Company H; Corpls. Joseph Marsh and Francis Brown, of Company K; Sergts. George W. McPeek, Aaron H. White, William S. Booth, and William H. Powell, Company K; Sergt. William R. Stout and Corpls. John McKenna and James Brady, Company L; Sergts. John H. Dane and James M. Tillman, of Company M, and Corpl. John B. Easton, of Company M-are all worthy of mention. They are well known in the regiment for their good conduct in this memorable campaign.

We remained in camp near Petersburg until the morning of the 24th of April, when, in connection with the Cavalry Corps, we took up our line of march to Danville, Va., to operate against the rebel General

73 R R-VOL XLVI, PT I

