
Johnston's army. After a march of five days we reached Boston Bridge Station, on the Richmond and Danville Railroad, where we learned that Johnston had surrendered his army to General Sherman. We encamped there for the night, and on the following morning commenced our return march for Petersburg, arriving there on the 3rd day of May. The regiment was not engaged during this march.

In this, as well as in the previous campaign, we are indebted to Lieutenant Robert Henry, Company A of this regiment, and aide-de-camp to Brevet Major-General Davies, for many good services he rendered the regiment. In all engagements of this regiment, when possible, he was sure to be with us, and with his courage and zeal won the admiration of both officers and men.

On the morning of the 10th of May we broke camp and commenced our march for Alexandria, via Richmond and the Orange and Alexandria Railroad. We arrived at Alexandria on the morning of the 16th of May. On the 21st we marched to Bladensburg, Md. On the 22nd we had the pleasure of receiving our State colors. On the 23rd we took part in the grand review. The regiment was complimented by many for the neat uniform dress and soldierly appearance of its officers and men and for its precision in marching. We are now encamped near Bladensburg, Md.

The health of the regiment is good.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WALTER R. ROBBINS,

Major, Commanding First New Jersey Cavalry.

Brigadier General R. F. STOCKTON,

Adjutant-General State of New Jersey.

No. 211. Report of Colonel Samuel B. M. Young, Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,April 14, 1865.

MAJOR: In obedience to instructions from division headquarters, I have the honor to report that this command left camp near Petersburg, Va., on the morning of 29th of March, 1865, arriving at Dinwiddie Court-House, without opposition, and bivouacked for the night. It rained all night, and next day brigade remained in bivouac.

On the morning of the 31st First Brigade (General Davies) and Third Brigade (General Smith) were attacked by the enemy's cavalry and Pickett's division of infantry on Chamberlain's Red. First Brigade was driven back by a superior force of the enemy beyond the road leading from Dinwiddie to Five Forks, obtaining possession of said road. At this juncture the Second Brigade, which had been supporting Third Brigade (General Smith), was ordered to attack the enemy (then driving General Davies) in the flank and rear. In order to carry out this order the command was moved across the country about one mile in direction of the firing indicating the point at which General Davies was pressed. The Fourth, Sixteenth, and Eighth Pennsylvania were dismounted, no enemy being in sight, and pushed forward in the direction of the heavy firing; soon they encountered Pickett's division of infantry advancing in line of battle. A hot engagement immediately ensued, in which the

