
awaited till dark to resist an expected attack. Bivouacked for the night. April 5, moved out at the gallop on the Paineville road to the support of the First and Second Brigades. The enemy was maneuvering to recapture some prisoners and artillery from the First Brigade. At one point a strong force was timely repulsed by a gallant charge of the Second New York Mounted Rifles. At another point the Thirteenth Ohio charged and captured a battle-flag. The whole brigade became considerably engaged till dark, when a strong detail was made for picket and the rest withdrawn.

April 6, marched with the division till about 11.30 a.m., parallel to and in sight of Lee's train most of the time. The Second Brigade, having the advance, charged the train guard and were repulsed, amidst considerable confusion. I deployed the First Maine and Sixth Ohio Cavalry on the right of the road, the Thirteenth Ohio on the left of the road, and kept the Second New York Mounted Rifles in the road in column. The First Maine and Sixth Ohio advanced to the support of the Second Brigade, and charging through a thicket, almost impassable to mounted men, two companies of the First Maine succeeded in breaking through the guard and reaching the train, but only to be driven back, with severe loss. The Second Brigade was then withdrawn from the right of the cross-road by which we approached the train, and I caused the Thirteenth Ohio to be removed from the left of the right of the road and the line to be extended by the formation of the First Maine and Sixth Ohio in succession. The line thus formed was about to advance, when I was ordered by the major-general commanding division to fall back. In this affair, Captain John A. Heald, First Maine Cavalry, was killed, and Captain J. W. Freese, slightly, and Adjt. T. Little, First Maine Cavalry, severely wounded.

Later in the day the division attacked the enemy at another point. The Second New York Mounted Rifles was detained to guard the rear. The Thirteenth Ohio was sent to destroy a portion of the enemy's train of fifty or seventy-five wagons, which was accommplished effectually. The First Maine and Sixth Ohio were kept dismounted, and charged with the line when it was ordered to advance, thus doing their part in breaking up and thoroughly routing the enemy. The Thirteenth Ohio being mounted, charged on the left, making many captures, among which was Brigadier-General Corse and staff. In this engagement Lieutenant J. W. Poor, First Maine Cavalry, was severely wounded.

April 7, the pursuit was remained in the morning, the Third Brigade in advance. Marching rapidly we soon overtook the rear of the retreating column, and skirmishing commenced. At Briery Creek considerable resistance was offered, but a crossing was soon effected by means of the repeating rifles of the First Maine, when the whole brigade charged across and drove the enemy back, pressing him very closely till we reached Farmville. At this time Lieutenant-Colonel Clark, Thirteenth Ohio Cavalry, conducted the advance very gallantly. An orderly sent to halt the advance, and seeing an organized body of the enemy just in front of the Thirteenth Ohio mistook it for our advance, and riding up to it presented the compliments of the general commanding, with orders to halt. He was taken prisoner, and did not report the execution of this order till the evening of the 9th instant, after the surrender of General Lee with his army.

When we approached the town of Farmville the enemy were making all haste to get his rear guard across the river. The brigade was ordered to charge, and did so in the most fearless manner. In this charge the First Maine bore the brunt, and dashing through the town

