
drove out a superior force of the enemy opposing obstinate resistance. In this charge the colonel of the Twenty-fourth Virginia was captured.

In the evening of the same day the command marched to Prospect Station.

April 8, marched, via Pamplin's, to Appomattox Station. At 9 p.m. I received orders from the major-general commanding division to move with my brigade onto the main road leading from Appomattox Court-House to Lynchburg, and hold it against the approach of the enemy. I reached the road by a march of about two miles, and at a point two miles and a half from the Court-House. Feeling the importance of gaining as much ground as possible to enable me, in case of an attack, to make a fight till notice could be given and re-enforcement got up, I advanced down the road cautiously, feeling my way, at midnight, till I encountered and drove in the enemy's pickets within half a mile of the Court-House. There I ordered a section of 3-inch guns-Lieutenant Lord, Battery A, Second U. S. Artillery-into position, dismounted three regiments-the First Maine, Sixth Ohio, and Second New York Mounted Rifles-threw up breast-works of rails, and waited till daylight, without blankets or fires.

At daylight the enemy advanced to attack, and then the advantage of the position that I had obtained by pushing forward during the night became apparent. My command was posted on a ridge or kind of plateau higher than any point the enemy's command. Consequently, when his first attack was met by a rapid and vigorous firing from the section of artillery and a brisk fire from the skirmish line, being unable to ascertain the strength of our position, except by direct assault, he desisted at the time and delayed about two hours in maneuvering, driving in my mounted men from the flanks, &amp;c., before he attempted to advance in force. I am of opinion that had the position I held been left for the occupation of the enemy he would have discovered my strength and continued his march at daylight, gained full possession of the road and extended his left beyond our right, thus, perhaps, producing a material difference in the results of the day. By the delay of these two hours our forces were got into position, so that when my command retired before the enemy, advancing, in force, he was received at "Ready, aim, fire," and the career of the Army of Northern Virginia was brought to an end.

In this last engagement Lieutenant Cooper, Thirteenth Ohio, was killed, and Lieutenant Arnold, Second New York Mounted Rifles, wounded.

I have submitted a special report of prominent meritorious cases. I here append a numerical list of casualties, and express my satisfaction at the patience, endurance, bravery, and good will of the entire command.

Killed. Wounded. Missing.

Command	 Offi-	 Men	 Offi-	 Men	 Offi-	 Men

 cers	 	 cers	 	 cers

1st Maine	 2	 21	 7	 100	 .....	 12

Cavalry

6th Ohio	 .....	 3	 1	 16	 .....	 3

Cavalry

13th Ohio	 2	 4	 3	 43	 1	 25

Cavalry

2nd New	 1	 5	 3	 24	 1	 28

York

Mounted

Rifles

Total	 5	 33	 14	 183	 2	 68

Total casualties: 21 officers and 284 men, being 25 per cent. of the command.

