
soon deployed and went in-Gibbon on the left, at double-quick, with Foster's and Turner's divisions, in beautiful style, and the colored troops also at the double-quick, under those commanders, with the Fifth Corps, under Griffin; thus covering all the valley that led toward Lynchburg and adjacent hill-sides, and our skirmishers were driving in the enemy's, so that, seeing no escape, General Lee sent the white flag forward, which met me at the Fifth Corps front, with a request for cessation of arms until he could meet General Grant and confer on the terms. As I knew that a surrender had been called for, and terms asked for and made known, I knew this second request meant acceptance, and the bugles were sounded to halt. The cheer of final success and of an end to our hardships went up with a will from hill-side to hill-side, and the rebels laid down our arms that night-it is to be hoped never to take them up again except in defense of our common country.

I do not think the troops could have behaved better; their had night marching and their cheerfulness under hard work all the time, their stubborn fighting at Petersburg and every time we struck the retreating rebels, proved that the whole army was inspired with but one determination-to hunt the rebels down and whip them into surrender, and they did.

Respectfully,

E. O. ORD,

Major-General Volunteers.

Bvt. Major General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, AND ARMY OF THE JAMES,June 1, 1865.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington D. C.:

SIR: I respectfully recommend the following promotions for gallant conduct in the field:

Brigadier General R. S. Foster, U. S. Volunteers, to be major-general by brevet, from 31st March, 1865.

Brigadier General R. S. Mackenzie, U. S. Volunteers, to be major-general by brevet, from 31st March, 1865.

Colonel Albert M. Barney, One hundred and forty-second New York Infantry Volunteers, to be brigadier-general by brevet, from January 15, 1865; Fort Fisher.

Bvt. Brigadier General Peter S. Michie, U. S. Volunteers, to be brigadier-general U. S. Volunteers and brevet major U. S. Army, from March 30, 1865.

Bvt. Major General John W. Turner, U. S. Volunteers, to be major-general, from 31st March, 1865.

Major H. B. Scott, Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry, to be brevet lieutenant-colonel, U. S. Volunteers, from 31st March 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel F. L. Manning, [One hundred and forty-eighth New York] Infantry Volunteers, to be colonel by brevet, from April 9, 1865.

Major H. G. Brown, aide-de-camp, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet, from March 31, 1865.

Major J. C. Paine, Signal Corps, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet, from April 9, 1865.

