
services and energy displayed as acting assistant quartermaster, engineer department, in the equipment of trains, which enabled us to move so readily.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PETER S. MICHIE,

Brevet Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers,

Chief Engineer Department Virginia and Army of the James.

Major-General ORD,

Commanding Department of Virginia and Army of the James.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,June 2, 1865.

The recommendations for promotion to brevet major and first lieutenant of Captain William R. King, U. S. Engineers; Captain H. A. Vezin, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, U. S. Volunteers; Captain J. W. Lyon, Fourth Rhode Island Infantry Volunteers; Captain Parsons, First New York Volunteer Engineers; Second Lieutenant Joseph Morris, One hundred and twenty-seventh U. S. Colored Troops, are approved and cordially recommended.

E. O. ORD,

Major-General, Commanding.

No. 215. Reports of Major Henry B. Scott, Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry (unattached).
HDQRS. FOURTH REGIMENT MASSACHUSETTS CAVALRY,Near Richmond, Va., April 24, 1865.

I have the honor to transmit for the information of Your Excellency a report* of the engagement at High Bridge, Va., on the 6th instant, of a detachment of this regiment with the cavalry of General Lee's army.

This engagement, although disastrous to the general in the loss of three excellent and very gallant officers killed and five officers wounded, has redounded greatly to the credit of the regiment and the State. Several rebel officers with whom I conversed after their capture spoke of it as the most gallant fight of the war. The numerous saber wounds given and the great mortality among the officers is good evidence of this, and the fact that Colonel Washburn, with less than seventy men, almost held his own against three brigades of cavalry, with the infantry of Lee's army supporting them, needs no comment. I leave the two regiments of infantry under Colonel Washburn's command out of the consideration, because it is generally conceded that their behavior was not creditable. I think there is no doubt that if the whole regiment had been under Colonel Washburn's command we should have a different result to the engagement, and General Lee's surrender been hastened two days. I am happy to inform Your Excellency that the colors of the regiment were not captured; at the suggestion of Surgeon Garvin they were burned by the color-sergeant, Thomas Hickey.

---------------

* See No. 216, p.1168.

---------------

