
I would respectfully suggest, if the matter has not already received your attention, that a new set of colors be sent the regiment, and three company guidous for Companies I, L, and M, which, unfortunately, were captured when all the officers and men were killed, wounded, or taken prisoners. I shall have the honor to forward nominations for the vacancies caused by the deaths in battle as soon as I am advised by Colonel Washburn, who is now at home.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

H. B. SCOTT,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

His Excellency JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor of Massachusetts.
HDQRS. FOURTH REGIMENT MASSACHUSETTS CAVALRY,Near Richmond, Va., May 9, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward, for the information of the major-general commanding the department, the inclosed report of the fight at High Bridge, Va., on the 6th ultimo, made by Lieutenant Lathrop, the senior officer of the regiment remaining unhurt.*

I respectfully ask your attention to the fact that of eleven officers engaged but three escaped uninjured, three officers being killed dead on the spot and five severely wounded, one of whom, Colonel Washburn, has since died, and ask that some official notice of their gallantry, as evidenced by their wounds, may be taken. I may add that all of these wounds are saber cuts or shots received at close quarters. The following officers were severely wounded, and merit brevets: Colonel Francis Washburn, since died; Lieutenant Colonel Horatio Jenkins, jr., pistol wound in arm; Captain Caldwell, in thigh; First Lieutenant Belcher, saber cut; Second Lieutenant Thompson, in abdomen. Captain Goddard, Captain Hodges and Lieutenant Davis were killed on the spot while displaying especial gallantry. All of the officers and men of the command behaved admirably and deserve praise. The discrimination has been made in recommending brevets in favor of those who are, and have been, suffering from wounds.

I am, colonel, with great respect, your obedient servant,

H. B. SCOTT,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Bvt. Colonel ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department.

No. 216. Report of Lieutenant Joseph H. Lathrop, Adjutant Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry.
HDQRS. FOURTH REGIMENT MASSACHUSETTS CAVALRY,Camp Lee, Va., April 25, 1865.

MAJOR: Being the senior officer of the Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry who escaped uninjured from the fight near High Bridge, Va., on the 6th instant, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the cavalry during that day:

At 4 o'clock on the morning of April 6 a detachment of thirteen officers and sixty-seven men of the Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry, under

---------------

* See next, post.

---------------

