
that their line was still held in force by Mahone's division, the troops were ordered to withdraw. The enemy followed with a strong line of infantry to their picket-line, which they re-occupied. List of casualties not yet known.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES OF BERMUDA HUNDRED, VA., ARMY OF THE JAMES, No. 39. April 3 [2], 1865.

To the troops engaged in the reconnaissance this morning the major general commanding tenders his warmest thanks and his high appreciation of their services. The promptness with which they got in readiness and moved when ordered to the attack, their celerity in capturing the picket-line of the enemy, and the steadiness with which when ordered they retired under a heavy artillery fire, and in the face of a strong infantry force, prove the possession by them of the qualities of a soldier and merit the highest praise. It was considered of the utmost importance by the lieutenant-general commanding the army to determine positively whether the enemy in our front had been changed or weakened, and when all other means had failed no recourse was left but to develop his line and strength by the armed reconnaissance which you have so gallantly and successfully made.

By command of Major-General Hartsuff:

J. M. HOWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 218. Report of Bvt. Major General Edward Ferrero, U. S. Army, commanding Infantry Division.
HEADQUARTERS INFANTRY DIVISION,Defenses of Bermuda Hundred, April 2, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with instructions received from the general commanding, I attacked the enemy's line at a point in front of Redoubt Carpenter this morning at 4.30 o'clock. The attacking column was taken from Colonel Kibbe's brigade. The First Battalion of the Tenth New York Artillery, under command of Major J. B. Campbell, lead the advance. He succeeded in carrying the enemy's picket-line, three-quarters of a mile in length, and holding the same until the Second Battalion, Tenth New York Artillery, under command of Major S. R. Cowles, re-enforced the line. The enemy opened their batteries in front and on both flanks, [and,] aided by the infantry, made the position acquired almost untenable. The object of the reconnaissance being accomplished the command fell back to its original position.

I would state that the troops engaged behaved most splendidly, and returned in perfect order, guided by Major Campbell, under a very severe fire of artillery and musketry. Major Campbell deserves great praise for his gallantry and coolness, also for the ability he displayed in the handling of his troops. Wounded in the arm himself, yet not relinquishing his command until he saw his men safe to our lines.

