
Our loss will amount to about forty, as far as I can learn. A detailed report of casualties will be forwarded at the earliest moment.

The enemy were behind strong works, which where fully manned by infantry and artillery .

We captured six prisoners, and on retiring destroyed the abatis in front of the picket-line.

Very respectfully,

EDW. FERRERO,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

Major J. M. HOWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Defenses of Bermuda Hundred.

ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS INFANTRY DIVISION, Defenses of Bermuda Hundred, Va., No. 4. April 2, 1865.

The general commanding desires to express his admiration for the gallant manner in which the troops of the Tenth New York Artillery carried the picket-line of the enemy this morning. It was necessary that the presence and strength of the enemy should be developed, and the result was a success. To the officers engaged be tenders his hearty thanks for their co-operation in carrying out his orders. The conduct of Major J. B. Campbell is worthy of the highest praise, for the cool and skillful manner in which he advanced his line, and in withdrawing it under a heavy fire of artillery and musketry, while suffering himself from a wound in the arm. With such an officer to lead success must follow.

By command of Brevet Major-General Ferrero:

GEO. A. HICKS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 219. Report of Major General John Gibbon, U. S. Army, commanding Twenty-fourth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FOURTH CORPS,Richmond, Va., April 24, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this corps, commencing on the 27th of March and ending to-day:

On the night of 27th of March Foster's and Turner's divisions were withdrawn from the north side of the James River. The movement commenced at dark, Devens' division being left in charge of the line of works. The troops marched all night and all the next day, getting into camp near Fort Siebert about sundown on the 28th, performing one of the most remarkable marches on record, with very few stragglers. On the 29th my troops up the position vacated by the Second Corps, the left resting on Hatcher's Run near the Armstrong house. On the 30th Turner's division was moved across Hatcher's Run to take position on the right of the Second Corps, and the next day crossed to the north side of Hatcher's Run, driving the enemy's pickets into his works, capturing many of them and connecting with Foster, who also moved forward, capturing several hundred prisoners.

