
was ordered to report to me just previous to the assault, and was formed on my left and advanced to the deserted camp in front of Fort Baldwin. Had there not been a wide gap between the left of Harris' brigade and the Sixth Army Corps, which would have exposed my left flank, the garrison of Fort Baldwin could have been captured. This fort was evacuated by the enemy as soon as Gregg was surrendered, and was occupied by the Eleventh Maine, of the Third Brigade, followed by portions of the Fourth Brigade and Harris' brigade. Immediately on the surrender of Fort Gregg, Captain Charles Sellmer, acting assistant inspector-general of my staff, entered thaw work and turned its guns on the retreating forces from Fort Baldwin. At night I established a strong picket-line in front of the captured forts, and my command bivouacked in their rear.

On the morning of the 3rd it was discovered that Petersburg was evacuated. I advanced my picket-line to the works and awaited orders. At this place Light Battery B, First U. S. Artillery, Captain Elder, and Light Battery A, Fifth U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant Muhlenberg, were assigned to my command. At 8 a.m. my command moved on the Cox road down the line of the South Side Railroad, General Turner's division in the advance, and bivouacked that night in line of battle about three miles beyond Sutherland's Station, General Turner's division being on my left; distance marched about thirteen miles. April 4, moved at 6 a.m. in the advance, bivouacked in line of battle at Wilson's Station, having marched fifteen miles. April 5, moved at 6 a.m., General Turner's division in advance, and bivouacked at 11 p.m. near Burkeville, having marched about thirty miles. April 6, at 6 a.m. moved through Burkeville and formed a line of battle, the right resting on the Richmond and Danville Railroad, the left on the Lynchburg Railroad, throwing a strong picket-line in front. At 12 o'clock noon, pursuant to orders, I moved with my command down the Farmville road, leaving my picket-line undisturbed, and pushed on in the advance. At the Genito road the Third Brigade, Colonel Dandy, was sent down that road to the right to connect, if possible, with the cavalry of General Sheridan's command, and the rest of the command moved forward. On reaching Rice's Station I found the enemy in force, and formed in line of battle-Colonel Fairchild's (Fourth) brigade on the right, his right resting at a house about 200 yards to the right of the Farmville road; Colonel Osborn's (First) brigade on the left, his left extending across the railroad a short distance beyond the Phillips house; Elder's battery (B), First U. S. Artillery, was placed in position on the left of the Farmville road. After forming, I pushed my line forward, under a heavy skirmish fire, as far as as practicable, finding the enemy in a strong position. General Turner's division arriving, formed on my left. Receiving information that the enemy were moving to my right, I sent the Sixty-seventh Ohio, Colonel Voris, of the First Brigade, to the right of the Fourth Brigade. About 9 p.m. the Third Brigade, Colonel Dandy, having communicated with General Sheridan's cavalry, reported and was placed in reserve in rear of the Phillips house, in support of Anthony's battery. In this position the troops bivouacked for the night.

April 7, at daylight it was discovered the enemy had withdrawn, and, pursuant to orders, I at once moved forward on the Farmville road until I reached Bush River, when a strong skirmish line of the enemy was found entrenched on the hills on the opposite bank to dispute our passage. The First Brigade, Colonel Osborn, was formed in line of battle on the left of the road, and, preceded by a strong skirmish line,

