
To the promptness of Colonel Osborn in putting his brigade into position and attacking the enemy on the morning of the 9th of April, after the cavalry were forced back, is due the credit of preventing the enemy from gaining the Lynchburg road, their only line of retreat. Colonel Osborn has been frequently recommended for promotion to brigadier-general. Colonel George B. Dandy, One hundredth New York Volunteers, commanding Third Brigade, fought his brigade splendidly at Fort Gregg, also at Appomattox Court-House, and deserve promotion. Colonel H. S. Fairchild, Eighty-ninth New York Volunteers, commanding Fourth Brigade, displayed both energy and gallantry at Fort Gregg and Rice's Station, as well as rendering efficient service at Appomattox Court-House. He is worthy of promotion and has been before highly recommended. All my brigade commanders deserve well of their country for the zeal and promptness displayed during this campaign. I would call the attention of the major-general commanding particularly to Captain Charles Sellmer, acting assistant inspector-general, of my staff, for conspicuous gallantry on the 2nd of April, at Fort Gregg, when he went mounted between Fort Gregg and Fort Whitworth under a most murderous fire of musketry and artillery, carrying my orders and sending re-enforcement to Fort Gregg. As soon as the latter fort was captured he entered it and turned the enemy's guns on their retiring forces. He also displayed conspicuous gallantry both at Rice's Station and Appomattox Court-House. He is extremely worthy of promotion to major by brevet. Captain F. A. Sawyer, Forty-seventh New York Volunteers, assistant commissary of musters, of my staff, has displayed unusual energy and ability together with conspicuous gallantry, and well deserves to be brevetted. Maj P. A. Davis, assistant adjutant-general, of my staff, has displayed his usual gallantry and ability together with his indomitable energy, and his presence was at all times where it was most needed. I would recommend his promotion by brevet. Surg. A. C. Barlow, Sixty-second Ohio Volunteers, chief medical officer, Captain T. H. Byrness, Seventy-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, acting ordnance officer, Captain George W. Waddle, One hundred and forty-eighth New York Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp, Captain Theodore J. Curtis, Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp, First Lieutenant W. H. H. Frye, Eleventh Maine Volunteers, aide-de-camp, and Captain Robert Carruthers, Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, assistant provost-marshal, were all attentive to their duties and rendered valuable assistance to me.

When all were trying to do so well I find great difficulty in selecting particular cases and have mentioned only those that came under my own observation.

I think I am fully justified in saying that the First Division has, under all circumstances, assisted in gaining a reputation for the "Red Heart" and Twenty-fourth Army Corps that is creditable to themselves and to the major-general commanding.

I am, very respectfully,

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Richmond, Va., April 25, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded. Approved.

JOHN GIBBON,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

