
with the Fourth Brigade on our right. I advanced my line as far as the Phillips house, nearly one mile southeast of the station, under a severe shell and musketry fire, driving back the enemy. Halting at this point, we remained during the night, sleeping upon our arms. In this engagement Lieutenant-Colonel West, of the Sixty-second Ohio Volunteers, and Captain Oliver C. Gregory, of the One hundred and ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, were wounded. The One hundred and ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers lost, in wounded, 3 enlisted men; the Sixty-second Ohio, 13 enlisted men; the Sixty-seventh Ohio, 7 enlisted men.

At 6 a.m. the 7th of April, advancing upon the enemy's works and finding them abandoned, my brigade moved out, taking the advance, following closely after the enemy, our skirmishers, under command of Lieutenant Colonel R. P. Hughes, of the One hundred and ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, constantly engaging their rear, taking several prisoners. Crossing Sandy River, where General Crook's cavalry division came up on our right, we moved forward to Bush River, where we found the enemy inclined to dispute the passage. By direction of the general commanding, I formed line of battle-the One hundred and ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers on the right, its right resting upon the left of the road, the Sixty-second Ohio Volunteers in the center, the Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteers on the left, the Thirty-ninth Illinois Volunteers supporting-and moved forward to the bank of the river. The river being impassable except at the bridge, the One hundred and ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, being on the right, was immediately thrown across the river, moved to the top of the hill, the enemy falling back before them; moving across with the remainder of the brigade, we arrived at Farmville at 5 p.m., and encamped for the night on the west side of town.

At 6 a.m. April 8 the march was resumed, bivouacking at 12 o'clock (midnight), having marched a distance of thirty-seven miles.

Moving forward again at 3.30 a.m. on the 9th of April we halted at 6 a.m. for breakfast. At 7 o'clock heavy skirmishing being heard in advance in the vicinity of Appomattox Court-House my brigade moved rapidly forward to the scene of action. Arriving on the ground at the double-quick the cavalry falling back in confusion and having thrown out a portion of the Thirty-ninth Illinois Volunteers as skirmishers, and throwing my brigade forward into line-the Thirty-ninth Illinois Volunteers on the right, the One hundred and ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers in the center, the Sixty-second Ohio Volunteers on the left, the Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteers in reserve-I charged upon the enemy, giving the notice that the old Twenty-fourth Army Corps was again in the front. Moving forward at the double-quick I soon gained the edge of the woods, where I halted until the Third Brigade, coming up, extricated my left (which had become enveloped), when I again advanced, driving the enemy from the field, capturing one heavy piece of artillery. Changing direction by the left flank, in accordance with orders, I was passing the enemy's right when I was ordered to halt, word having been received that the Army of Northern Virginia had surrendered to the Armies of the United States.

In this engagement the One hundred and ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers lost 5 enlisted men killed and 20 wounded; the Thirty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, 1 commissioned officer and 6 enlisted men wounded; Sixty-seventh Ohio, 1 enlisted man killed and 6 wounded; Sixty-second Ohio, 18 enlisted men wounded and 2 commissioned officers and 38 enlisted men captured.

A consolidated report of casualties is herewith transmitted.

