
No. 224. Report of Colonel Alvin C. Voris, Sixty-seventh Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-SEVENTH OHIO VOLUNTEERS INFANTRY,In the Field, near Appomattox Court-House, Va., April 14, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the regiment as such was not engaged with the enemy till the morning of the 2nd of April, having made its movements in connection with the brigade, and that at no time since the 2nd instant to this date has it been detached from the brigade, except on the evening of the 6th instant, when it was ordered to re-enforce Colonel Fairchild's brigade, which it did by supporting his skirmish line of the extreme right of our position in the fight of the 6th instant. In the assault on Fort Gregg the regiment assaulted the angle next the road, and passed round to the rear of the fort by its front on the road. Being too lightly supported, the men were compelled to take to the ditch, which to the rear was so deep with water that it was impossible to pass through it to the sally-port, which was attempted by my order, the water in that part of the ditch being so deep that the men could not wade through it.

My officers and men behaved with great gallantry, and were among the very first to reach the work. This I know, for I was personally present with them.

On the morning of the 9th instant seven companies were engaged, the other three being on detached duty. The casualties of the regiment in killed and wounded amount in the aggregate to seventy-three, detailed reports of which have already been transmitted.*

Perhaps I can say in no better terms of the conduct of the regiment than to say that it fully sustained its former reputation for the work for which it was organized.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. VORIS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant LE ROY DOWD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 225. Report of Colonel James C. Briscoe, One hundred and ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 199TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,Appomattox Court-House, Va., April 14, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment during the operations of the army since the 27th ultimo:

At 7 o'clock on the evening of that date the regiment marched with the rest of the command from camp on the New Market road, crossing the James and Appomattox Rivers at Deep Bottom and Broadway Landing, respectively. Halted soon after daylight on the 28th ultimo about two hours, then marched the whole day forward Hatcher's Run, and bivouacked for the night near Humphreys' Station, in rear of the Second

---------------

* See p.594.

---------------

