
TWENTY-FIRST PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY.

February 5, 6, and 7.-Regiment participated in a move on the left at Hatcher's Run.

February 8.-Returned to camp; casualties, 2 men wounded.

February 25.-Regiment was transferred from Third Brigade to Second Brigade per Special Orders, Numbers 40, paragraphs V, dated February 25, headquarters Second Division, Cavalry Corps.

March 29.-Regiment broke camp in front of Petersburg, Va.; was engaged in skirmish at Dinwiddie Court-House, Va.; then moved to Malone's Bridge, Stony Creek, to picket till April 1.

April 1.-Regiment crossed Stony Creek, Va., near Dinwiddie Court-House.

April 5.-Was engaged in battle at Amelia Springs, Va.

April 7.-Engaged in battle at Farmville.

April 9.-Engaged in battle at Appomattox Court-House.

Third Brigade, Second Division.

[January.]-The brigade has not been in any action during the month; has been doing picket duty most of the time.

January 2.-The Thirteenth Regiment Ohio Cavalry joined this brigade.

February 5, 6, and 7.-The brigade participated in the engagement at Hatcher's Run.

March 1.-Lying in camp on the Jerusalem planed road until the 21st.

March 21.-Reported to General Parke; was relieved, and went into camp again the 27th.

March 29.-Broke camp and marched to Dinwiddie Court-House.

March 30.-Rained hard all day; lay in camp.

March 31.-Pickets driven in; brigade moved out and drove the enemy back and held the ground until toward night, when the enemy charged in force and drove the brigade back from its position. Casualties, 230.

April 1 and 2.-Brigade on picket near Dinwiddie Court-House. Afternoon of 2nd instant moved near Sutherland's Station.

April 3 and 4.-Brigade marched toward the Richmond and Danwille Railroad, via Dennisville, the Old Court-House, and Jenning's Ordinary, where we halted for two hours; thence to Jetersville, where we found traces of the enemy. Dismounted a part of the brigade and remained in position until dark.

April 5.-Supported the First and Second Brigades, and part of the command being engaged, dismounted, with the enemy at Amelia Springs.

April 6.-Marched parallel to and in sight of Lee's train until about 11 a. m. A part of the brigade was ordered to charge the train. The charge was pressed vigorously forward through almost impenetrable woods and thickets. Found the enemy so strong at that point that it was impossible, to reach the train. Later in the day secured another position on Lee's flank and charged him, mounted and dismounted. Succeeded in breaking his lines, capturing general officers, many prisoners, wagons, &amp;c.

