
Army Corps. Moved out next morning at 4 o'clock and occupied a portion of the line previously held by the First Division, Second Corps. The command remained in this position until the evening of the 1st instant, the men being constantly under arms, one-third of the effective strength on picket, skirmishing continually with the enemy.

At 7 p.m. April 1 the regiment moved to the left, near Hatcher's Run, and lay during the night under arms, expecting to assault the enemy's strong works at daylight. About 5 o'clock on the morning of the 2nd instant marched back with great rapidity toward the right, and passing through a portion of the enemy's line that had been carried by the Sixth Corps, found ourselves about two miles to the south and rear of Petersburg, the enemy still holding possession of a chain of inclosed works, well defended by infantry and artillery, the latter keeping up a brisk shell fire without doing us any damage. It was now about 9 a.m., and, under directions from Colonel T. O. Osborn, I formed line of battle facing north, my right resting on the line of works carried by the Sixth Corps, the Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteers on my left and the Sixty-second Ohio deployed as skirmishers in front. The line advanced rapidly, the enemy retiring to the shelter of his strong works, and leaving behind in their haste two 12-pounder Napoleon guns and about twenty-five prisoners. Having advanced about a half a mile the command halted, by order of Colonel Osborn, until the rest of the division could get in position. About this time Lieutenant-Colonel West, Sixty-second Ohio, sent back word he was getting out of ammunition, and requested me to strengthen his right. I sent forward Company F, under Captain I. E. Myers, for that purpose, and shortly afterward, by Colonel Osborn's direction, sent Captain W. C. Craven's company (E) to the same point to dislodge some of the enemy's sharpshooters, who were becoming very troublesome. Our line now rested at a point about 800 yards distant from Fort Gregg, a very difficult swamp between us and the fort, and the whole intervening space swept by the enemy's musketry and artillery fire. About noon we received orders to attack and carry the fort, and the whole line advanced, in good style. The ground in front of the southeast salient of the work forms a perfect natural glaces for about 300 yards; passing over this space my regiment suffered its severest loss-canister, shot, and minie bullets tore through the ranks, yet not a man faltered. I was struck down by a flanking ball about seventy-five yards from the work, and although I lost but a moment in recovering myself, the men were already in the moat and chambering up the exterior slope; were fighting hand to hand across the parapet, the enemy refusing to surrender, though surrounded on all sides. This sort of thing lasted nearly twenty minutes, when we finally burst over the parapet and the fort was ours.

In this affair Captain Patrick O' Murphy and First Lieutenant Robert McMillan were killed; Captains Gregory and Bippers and Lieutenants Williams, Patton, and Ellision were wounded; 14 enlisted men killed and 60 wounded, several of whom have since died.

Having carried their principal work by assault, the enemy immediately evacuated the redoubt on the left, and during the night abandoned their entire line, leaving Petersburg in our possession.

At 8 o'clock on the morning of the 3rd the command marched toward Lynchburg and bivouacked for the night, north of the road, about eighteen miles from Petersburg. Marched next day, the 4th instant, to Wilson's Station, halting at Ford's Station for dinner. On the 5th marched, via Nottoway Court-House, to Burke's Station, arriving after a long and tedious march of twenty-five miles at 11 p.m. The following

