
movement, redoubled his efforts, and the bursting of case-shot from his guns, together with musketry fire from the left, for a time rendered it impossible to reform the whole regiment. Two companies, E and K, under Captains Craven and Eckels, did not hear the order to fall back and advancing as skirmishers compelled the enemy to withdraw his artillery, these companies actually capturing one 2-pounder gun, while the rest of the command was retiring. Having reformed the balance of the regiment, under orders from General Foster I again advanced and found no enemy. Changing direction to the left the command moved about 600 yards in that direction, when intelligence was received that General Lee had surrendered. Since the regiment has laid in its present camp, and is now in, if possible, better fighting condition than when it left the front of Richmond.

I have the honor to submit herewith a list of casualties.*

Of the heroism and endurance of the officers and men of this regiment I cannot speak too highly; a noble spirit of emulation seemed to actuate the entire command. I desire particularly to mention Lieutenant Colonel R. P. Hughes; his gallantry in action and unwearied services on the march entitle him to the highest praise. First Lieutenant Oliver Sproul distinguished himself at Fort Gregg by seizing the colors of the Thirty-ninth Illinois Regiment, when the color-bearer was shot down, and was the first, in my opinion, to plant the stars and stripes on the parapet.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. C. BRISCOE,

Colonel, Commanding 199th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Lieutenant LE ROY DOWD, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 226. Report of Colonel George B. Dandy, One hundredth New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 24TH ARMY CORPS,Before Lynchburg, Va., April 11, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade since leaving its encampment before Richmond on the 27th ultimo:

A few hours before marching I received an order detaching temporarily from the brigade the Two hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, leaving me the Eleventh Maine, the One hundredth New York, and the Tenth Connecticut Volunteers. Starting about dusk we crossed the James River, at Deep Bottom, during the night and the Appomattox, at Point of Rocks, at daybreak. A few miles beyond this point the brigade was halted and the men allowed to repose a short time, when the march was resumed and continued until near dark, when the command was halted for the night about four miles distant from Hatcher's Run. The next morning we occupied the deserted encampment of the Second Brigade, Second Division, Second Corps.

About noon of the 30th ultimo I received an order from General Foster ti turn out the brigade in light marching order and advance to connect with Turner's division, across Hatcher's Run. This was accomplished in about two hours with some difficulty, the rain falling heavily and the roads and streams all being flooded. Lieutenant-Colonel Hill, Eleventh Volunteers, with a portion of his regiment

---------------

* Embodied in table, p.594.

---------------

