
deployed as skirmishers, had the advance, supported on the right by the One hundredth New York, on the left by part of his own regiment, that portion of the Tenth Connecticut not on picket being in the center. Brisk skirmishing ensued until dark, the enemy retiring within his works. The brigade was then withdrawn a few rods to the rear and a log breast-works constructed in line with the work constructed by General Turner.

The following was the loss during the day: Lieutenant William W. Bell, of my staff, and orderly taken prisoners. One hundredth New York Volunteers-Lieutenant Cornell and 5 enlisted men wounded. Eleventh Maine Volunteers-3 enlisted men wounded.

On the morning of the 31st General Turner advanced his lines, and after some severe skirmishing drove the enemy on his front within his works, Lieutenant-Colonel Hill with the skirmishers of the Third Brigade co-operating; and about 3 p.m., by direction of General Foster, I changed my front to connect again with Turner, and after some sharp firing advanced within 500 yards and in full view of the rebel line of breast-works. Here our skirmishers were exposed until dark to the fire of the enemy's sharpshooters. The following were the casualties: Eleventh Maine Volunteers-10 enlisted men wounded. Tenth Connecticut Volunteers-Captain Brown killed, Lieutenant Neidhart and 8 enlisted men wounded.

Immediately after dark, by direction of General Foster, I commenced the construction of breast-works in my front, connecting with those of Turner's division. Under the superintendence of Captain Frank Hawkins, of my staff, a substantial work of logs, without abatis, was completed before 3 a.m. and the pickets under the direction of Lieutenant-Colonel Hill, Eleventh Maine Volunteers, division officer of the day, were also protected by French rifle-pits constructed for each post. The pickets were about thirty yards in front of our main line and on the edge of a deep ravine, the opposite bluff of the ravine having been occupied by the enemy's outposts at dusk, rendering our farther advance without a conflict impracticable.

Having received instructions from General Foster to turn out my command under arms the next morning at 4 a.m., I directed Captain Stowits, acting assistant adjutant-general, at 3.30 a.m., to get the troops under arms, and went myself to the breast-works a few minutes before 4 o'clock to place them in position. The following disposition had been ordered: The Eleventh Maine distributed behind the works; the One hundredth New York in echelon on the right, and the Tenth Connecticut in a similar position on the left flank. While waiting for the Eleventh Maine to arrive on the ground I heard the yell of the rebels as they advanced at a charge toward the work, sweeping aside the pickets in their path. There was no time to lose, and I at once ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Goodyear to bring the Tenth Connecticut at the double-quick to the work. The heads of the Eleventh and Tenth arrived on the ground together and just as the enemy were gaining a foot-hold on our parapet. Had the troops been fairly in line the rebel battle-flag floated for a few seconds defiantly on the crest of our little work would never have gone back, and the whole attacking force must have been cut to pieces or captured. As it was, the enemy was repulsed and fell back in confusion. I immediately ordered Colonel Hill to re-establish his pickets, which was done promptly and with a small force, the enemy retiring before his advance. The following were the casualties: Eleventh Maine Volunteers-Major Baldwin and Lieutenants Norris

