
and Ireland wounded, 1 enlisted man killed and 4 wounded, Lieutenant Bunker and 10 enlisted men taken prisoners. Tenth Connecticut Volunteers-1 enlisted man killed and 5 wounded. The enemy suffered severely in killed and wounded and lost over fifty prisoners. Captain Nichols, of the One hundredth New York, was captured by the enemy on the picket-line, but succeeded in effecting his escape with the loss of his sword and pistol.

During the day I attempted to strengthen, the breast-works and construct abatis, but the working parties suffered heavily from the enemy's sharpshooters, and it was deemed best to discontinue the work until night . After dark, under the superintendence of Lieutenant-Colonel Hill and Major Dandy, a strong abatis was placed in front of the work and our defenses strengthened. At about 11 p.m. under instructions from General Foster, I called for volunteers to act as scouts, with the view of ascertaining the practicability of an assault on the enemy's works. Captain Grafton Norris and twelve enlisted men of the Eleventh Maine performed this difficult and dangerous duty to my entire satisfaction, advanced close to the enemy's defenses, and described accurately their construction and the nature of the approaches.

On the morning of the 2nd of April I was directed to strengthen my skirmish line and make a demonstration upon the enemy's lines. I deployed my battalion of sharpshooters along the line, and advanced it briskly shortly after dawn, but was met by a destructive fire from the hostile works, relieving all doubts of the strength of enemy in that quarter. Captain Maxfield, in command of the line of skirmishers, reported to me at this time that it was impracticable to advance farther. At about 9 a.m. I was directed to move the brigade to the right, leaving the skirmish line in position. The brigade was immediately withdrawn and directed to march with the division to the relief of the Sixth Corps, which had been engaged with the enemy the previous night. A march of less than two hours brought us in sight of a formidable line of works defended by two tows of palisading and abatis. These works had been carried the previous night by the Sixth Corps. Beyond and in sight of these fortifications the inner defenses on the south of Petersburg were visible, the tall spires of the city looming up in the back-ground. In front of the inner line and equip-distant from each other were three inclosed forts armed with artillery and infantry. From these forts the enemy threw shells among us as we advanced to take our position in front of their works. The Eleventh Maine, being in advance, was directed to throw out skirmishers and take a position near a sunken road leading to Petersburg and intersecting the line of forts in our front. The One hundredth New York and Tenth Connecticut were successively deployed into line of the right of the Eleventh Maine as they arrived on the ground. The brigade line of skirmishers was now pushed forward, and caused the enemy, who had formed line of battle in our front, to retire within the forts. The First Brigade, Colonel Osborn commanding, was at this time deployed on my right, and the Fourth, Colonel Fairchild, was on my left and rear as support. The troops being in position, General Foster informed me that the First Division would assault the forts, and gave me the following instructions, viz:

If General Seymour should commence the assault on the right, to follow the First Brigade; if General Turner should commence the assault on the left, to charge with him.

