
At this time the Eleventh Maine was in the sunken road before referred to, a position affording good shelter from the enemy's sharpshooters. Just before the assault I directed Captain Hawkins to order him to connect with the One hundredth New York. This order, for some reason, was not obeyed, and shortly after Colonel Hill without any orders from me, moved his regiment to the left and forward behind some log huts that had previously been used by the rebels as a camp, and facing Fort Baldwin. Soon after the assault commenced, and I directed the One hundredth New York, Major J. H. Dandy, commanding, and the Tenth Connecticut, Colonel E. D. S. Goodyear commanding, upon the central work-Fort Gregg. This was a completely inclosed work, stockaded in the rear, with loop-holes for musketry, and manned with a full garrison and two pieces of artillery. The assault was commenced at a distance of from 200 to 300 yards from the works, and was made at the double-quick, without a halt, under the most terrific fire of musketry and artillery I have ever witnessed. Many of our brave men went down, but the work reached without faltering. The commanding officers of both regiments were placed hors de combat, Lieutenant-Colonel Goodyear being severely wounded and Major Dandy killed, the latter on the parapet of the work. The First Brigade came up with us on the right and inclosed the work, but the moat was so deep and wide that it was impossible to cross at that point. The garrison, although surrounded, refused to surrender and continued to fire upon our men, while from Fort Baldwin a destructive fire was also poured in upon the backs of our troops exposed in that direction. At this juncture I sent Captain Hawkins to General Foster for re-enforcement, and was promptly supplied with two regiments from the Fourth Brigade. With this re-enforcement the garrison was overpowered, after fighting on the parapet and about the fort twenty-five minutes after the fort was surrounded. I forbear to describe the scene inside that work after the surrender, but I think at least one-fourth of the entire garrison was killed in the assault. With the surrender of Fort Gregg, Fort Baldwin was evacuated and taken possession of by Turner's division, the Eleventh Maine going in with that command.

The casualties for the day were as follows: Tenth Connecticut Volunteers-Lieutenant Colonel E. D. S. Goodyear, Captain James H. Linsley, Captain Brainerd Smith, First Lieutenant Walter P. Hovey, Second Lieuts. Ed. L. Smith, Andrew F. Jones, and Frank G. Otis and 72 enlisted men wounded, and 10 enlisted men killed. One hundredth New York Volunteers-Major J. H. Dandy and 11 enlisted men killed, and First Lieutenant Albert York and 40 enlisted men wounded. Eleventh Maine Volunteers-3 enlisted men killed and 25 enlisted men wounded.

That night the brigade bivouacked near the captured forts, buried the dead, and cared for the wounded. With the morning came the news of the evacuation of Petersburg and Richmond and their occupation by our colored troops.

April 3, the march to Burkeville was commenced, and that point reached on the night of April 5. On the 6th the One hundredth New York was detached to guard the wagon trains, and 200 men detailed for picket and left at Burkeville. The remainder of the brigade was moved forward about 11 a.m. When about three miles on the road I received instructions to detach the brigade from the main column and communicate, if possible, with General Sheridan's forces. This was accomplished during the day, and the brigade rejoined the command at Phillips' house shortly after dark. The enemy had been constructing rifle-pits, but abandoned them during the night and continued his

