
The casualties for the day are as follows: First Lieutenant Fred. T. Mason, aide-de-camp, wounded. Eleventh Maine Volunteers-Lieutenant-Colonel Hill and 25 enlisted men wounded, 5 enlisted men killed, Captain Maxfield and 17 enlisted men prisoners. Tenth Connecticut Volunteers-Lieutenant Newell, acting adjutant, taken prisoner.

General Lee, a few hours after this action, surrendered his entire Army of Northern Virginia at the point where the First Division fought its last engagement. The brigade is now reposing after its toils and privations. I would enlarge more particularly upon the gallantry of those who survive, but my report is already long, and my views have been conveyed to you in my letter of recommendation for promotions.

I cannot forbear saying a word in praise of the recruits of this brigade. No veterans could have done better, whether in marching or fighting. The baptism of fire and blood through which they have passed entitles them to the new name of "Veterans of the First Division."

Our comrades who have fallen have perished nobly on the altar of their country's liberty: "After life's fitful fever, they sleep well."

I have the honor to subjoin the aggregate losses of the brigade, in killed, wounded, and prisoners, from the 30th day of March, 1865, to the 9th day of April, 1865, inclusive: Officers-killed, 2; wounded, 15; prisoners, 4. Enlisted men-killed, 31; wounded, 190; prisoners, 28.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. B. DANDY,

Colonel New York Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Major P. A. DAVIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps.

No. 227. Report of Captain Francis G. Hickerson, Tenth Connecticut Infantry.
HDQRS. TENTH INFANTRY CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS,Near Appomattox Court-House, Va., April 11, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the actions and losses of the Tenth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers during the campaign just ended:

On the 26th [27th] of March, 1865, orders were received to break camp on the north side of the James River and be in readiness to move in heavy marching order at dusk. In compliance with said order we moved at about 7 p.m. to the rear, crossing the James River at Deep Bottom and the Appomattox River at Point of Rocks, passing well in rear of our lines at Petersburg to the left at Hatcher's Run, Va. We remained in camp there until March 29, when most of the regiment went on picket in the morning and the remainder were ordered out in the afternoon to take part in opening the campaign. There were no casualties on this day, the regiment being held in reserve. March 30, we moved forward to take our position in line and built slight breast-works; about noon moved farther to the left. For the casualties of the day I respectfully refer to accompanying list.* March 31, we remained in the same position, with no casualties. April 1, we took part in repulsing an assault of the rebels on our lines. April 2, the regiment

---------------

* Shows 1 officer killed and 1 officer and 3 men wounded.

---------------

