
moved from our lines at Hatcher's Run, Va., and taking part in the assault on Fort Gregg, lost very heavily, as shown by the accompanying list of casualties.* In this engagement Lieutenant Colonel E. D. S. Goodyear was severely wounded, and the command of the regiment devolved upon me. April 3, we moved from before Petersburg the brigade. Having taken part in the march, following yourself, it would be useless for me to give it more than passing notice. The regiment was in no engagement until April 9, when General Lee was forced to surrender, with his command.

In conclusion, I cannot speak in too high terms of the conduct of both officers and men in the engagement named, as well as on the march. Very many of the men refused to give up, although their feet were very badly blistered, and braved it through the entire march.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. G. HICKERSON,

Captain, Commanding Tenth Connecticut Volunteers.

Captain GEORGE H. STOWITS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

No. 228. Report of Captain Henry C. Adams, Eleventh Maine Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH MAINE VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, Va., April 11, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of movements of the Eleventh Maine Volunteers since leaving camp, north of the James, Monday evening, March 27, 1865:

The regiment left camp under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Hill, and marched until Tuesday evening, halting at different times for a short time. We encamped a few miles west of the Weldon railroad. Wednesday morning we moved out and occupied a portion of the camp vacated by the Second Army Corps. At this place 394 men, properly officered, were detailed for picket. I went in command of the detail, Major Baldwin being brigade officer of the day. Our pickets relieved the pickets of the Second and Third Brigades, Second Division, Second Corps. Thursday morning we were relieved by the Tenth Connecticut Volunteers, and returned to camp. Lieutenant-Colonel Hill was detailed as division officer of the day, leaving Major Baldwin in command of the regiment. About noon we were ordered to the front in light marching order. We advanced and formed a line to the right of Hatcher's Run, the left the Eleventh connecting with the right of the Second Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps, but resting a short distance in advance. About dark we fell back on a line with the Second Division, and lay under arms all night. Soon after daylight Friday morning, axes having been obtained, twenty men were put to work felling trees under direction of Major Baldwin, he intending to erect breast-works. Heavy firing commencing on the skirmish line, the men were ordered to fall in, leaving the breast-works unfinished. About 9 a.m. four companies-A, Captain Rolfe; B, Lieutenant Brady; G, Lieutenant Bunker; and H, Captain Maxfield-were ordered out to support the skirmish line. They remained until 4 p.m., when they were

---------------

* Shows 11 men killed and 7 officers and 72 men wounded.

---------------

