
relieved by Companies C (Captain Norris), D (Lieutenant Perkins), F (Lieutenant Scott), and G (Captain Scammon). They remained on the line until dark, when they were relieved by a regular picket detail. Our casualties during the day were 10 men wounded. Our pickets detail this evening was 150 men and four officers.

At a few minutes past 4 Saturday morning the enemy attacked our pickets and drove them in. Our regiment, having but just formed in line, was ordered forward by Major Baldwin. He had but just given the command when he fell dangerously wounded in the shoulder by a musket ball. Lieutenant-Colonel Hill took command of the regiment at once, although he had not been relieved from duty as division officer of the day. He ordered the regiment forward to the breast-works which had been erected during the night. The pickets came in on the left and reported that the picket-line of the Second Division had not fallen back. Lieutenant-Colonel Hill immediately sent Companies C and G out to reoccupy the pits vacated by our pickets, which was done without opposition, the enemy having fallen back to their works. A portion of the regiment remained on the picket-line during the day until relieved by a detail toward night. The rest lay in line in rear of the works. Our loss during the twenty-fours ending Saturday evening was, 2 commissioned officers and 4 enlisted men wounded and 1 enlisted man killed, 1 commissioned officer and 16 enlisted men taken prisoners.

Sunday, April 2, we formed in line at 4 a.m., and stood in line until daylight. Soon after this we were ordered to the right with the rest of the brigade. We moved a few miles to the right, and passed through the outer line of works in front of the Sixth Corps. We formed a line of battle and advanced to the Petersburg plank road, by order of Colonel Dandy. After arriving at the position designated Lieutenant-Colonel Hill deployed Companies A and B as skirmishers. They advanced on the double-quick to the road across the hill which leads down in front of Fort Gregg, the regiment following as soon as possible. We remained there but a few moments. Captain Sellmer came up and ordered us farther to the right. We marched across the hill by the right flank, under a terrific artillery and musketry fire, and halted in rear of a high bank, which sheltered us from the enemy's fire. Lieutenant-Colonel Hill soon ordered the regiment to move across the open field upon Fort Baldwin. We advanced to some old barracks a little to the left of the fort and remained there, our men preventing the sharpshooters from firing. The enemy soon gave up the fort, companies A and B being among the first to enter the works.

As soon as it was known that both Forts Baldwin and Gregg had surrendered, the regiment was ordered to join the brigade near the latter fort, where we remained until Monday morning. Our loss Sunday was 3 men killed and 25 wounded.

Monday morning, the 3rd, we started with the rest of the troops on the march toward Burkeville, marching with nothing unusual occurring, until Thursday afternoon the Eleventh was sent to communicate with a portion of General Sheridan's forces. They marched two miles and a half, meeting with no opposition, and found the cavalry vedettes; returned immediately, joined the brigade, and moved to the front. That evening the regiment was ordered to support a battery. Friday morning, the enemy having fallen back, we advanced and marched through Farmville, encamping near the town. About 3 p.m. we moved forward on the Lynchburg road; Companies A, B, D, and E were deployed as skirmishers; advanced about six miles, meeting with no

