
have been brought into the field had there been sufficient opposition to have brought them out. The let-alone policy had demoralized this force, so that probably but little more than one-haled of it was ever present in garrison at any one time. But the ne-half, or 40,000 men, with the bands of guerrillas scattered through Missouri, Arkansas, and along the Mississippi River, and the disloyal character of much of the ovulation, compelled the use of a large number of troops to keep navigation open on the river and to protect the loyal people to the west of it. To the east of the Mississippi we haled substantially with the line of the Tennessee and Houston Rivers, running eastward to inclose nearly all of the State of Tennessee. South of Chattanooga a small foothold had been obtained in Georgia, sufficient to protect East Tennessee from incursions from the enemy's force at Dalton, Ga. West Virginia was substantially within our lines. Virginia, with the exception of the northern border, the Potomac River, a small area about the mouth of James River covered by the troops at Norfolk and Fort Monroe, and the territory covered by the Army of the Potomac lying along the Rapidan, was in the possession of the enemy. Along the sea-coast footholds had been obtained at Plymouth, Washington, and New Berne, in North Carolina; Beaufort, Folly and Morris Island, Hilton Head, Fort Pulaski, and Port Royal, in South Carolina; Fernanding and Saint Augustine, in Florida. Key West and Pensacola were also in our possession, while all the important ports were blockaded by the Navy. The accompanying map, a copy of which was sent to General Sherman and other commands in March, 1864, shows by red lines the territory occupied by us at he beginning of the rebellion and at the opening of the campaign of 1864, while those in blue are the lines which it was proposed to occupy.*

Behind the Union lines there were many bands of guerrillas and a large population disloyal to the Government, making it necessary to guard every foot of road or river used in supplying our armies. In

*The map referred to is Colton's New Guide Map of the United States and Canada, edition of 1863, and is marked in pencil as follows:

First. Red line along the Potomac, from its mouth to Williamposrt; thence long Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to Oakland; thence, via Elizabethtown, to Ceredo, Versailles, and Brandenburg, and along the Ohio River to Cairo; thence up the Mississippi to vicinity of Saint Louis, up the Missouri to the Kansas line, and thence in southwesterly direction into Indian Territory.

Second. Red line along the Rapahannock from this mount to Rappahannock Station; thence, via Madison Court-House and manassas Gap, to Winchester; thence southwest to the headwaters of the Guyandotee, and along the Cumberland Mounthence through Tunnel Hill, Guntersville, and Corinth, to Oxford, Miss., and thence along the railroad to Lake Ponchartrain and along the gulf shore to Pascagoula.

Third. Red line from Vermillion Bay to Bayou Bartholomew, in Drew County, Ark., and thence northwesterly into Indian Territory.

Fourth. Red line about Pensacola and along Santa Rosa Island.

Fifth. Red line abbot Jacksonville and Fernanding, Fla.

Sixth. Red line along the coast from Savannah to Charleston.

Seventh. Red line from Federal Point, along the coast, to New River Inlet, N. C.; thence, via Pollocksville Washington, Plymouth, and Suffolk, to Saluda, Va., and thence, via Gloucester Court-House, to the Cesapeake Bay.

Eighth. Blue line from Saluda, Va., via Richmond and the James River, to Lynchburg; thence, via Liberty, to the Blue Ridge, and along there and the Smoky Mountains to connect with red line Numbers 2.

Ninth. Blue line from New Berne to Raleigh, N. C.

Tenth. Blue line from Tunnell Hill to Atlanta, Ga.

Eleventh. Blue line from Atlanta, via Milledgeville, to Savannah.

Twelfth. Blue line from Atlanta, via Montgomery and Selma to Mobile.

Thirteenth. Blue line from Sabine Pass to Shreveport, La., and thence northwesterly into the Indian Territory.

