
April 7.-On the road at 6.30 a. m. Marched rapidly, overtook the rear of the enemy's retreating column at Briery Creek. Dismounted a portion of the brigade and drove them from the cree, making a crossing for the rest of the command, skirmishing during the day and pressing the enemy back rapidly to Farmville, where they were charged and driven in confusion back from the city, capturing a large number of prisoners. In the afternoon crossed the Appomattox. Remained in position supporting battery. At night the river; marched rapidly to Prospect Station, reaching it at 2 o'clock next morning.

April 8.-Marched to Appomattox Station; bivouacked at 8 p. m. At 9 p. m. ordered to advance to Appomattox Court-House and hold the road leading to Lynchburg. Succeeded in gaining the road, and remained in position during the night.

April 9.-Was attacked at daylight by the enemy in force, but succeeded in delaying them until the infantry got into position, and they were obliged to surrender.

April 10.-Marched to Prospect Station.

April 11.-Escorted Lieutenant-General Grant to Burkeville Station.

April 13.-Marched to Nottoway Court-House.

April 17.-Marched to Ford's Station.

April 18.-Marched to Petersburg.

April 24.-Marched by way of Boydton plank road through Dinwiddie Court-House across Nottoway River.

April 25.-Marched to Meherrin River.

April 26.-Marched all day; bivouacked near Baydton.

April 27.-Marched to Staunton River; crossed on ferry-boats, bivouacking about dark.

April 28.-Marched to and crossed the Dan River at South Boston. News of Johnston's surrender received.

April 29.-Started at 7 a. m. on the back track; crossed the Staunton River just after dark.

April 30.-Recrossed the Meherrin; bivouacked after dark.

Distance marched during the month, 433 miles.

ARMY OF THE SHENANDOAH.*

First Cavalry Division.

[January.]-The First and Reserve Brigades of the division in camp during the mont at Camp Russell, picketing the line of the Opequon, sending frequent reconnaissances toward Front Royad and Strasburg.

January 28.-A picked detachment of 300 men, under Lieutenant-Colonel Hastings, marched, via Devil's Hole, to Columbia Furnace and Edenburg; surprised enemy's picket and captured 16 prisoners and horses.

During the month the Second Brigade was stationed at Lovettsville, Loundon County, Va., picketing and guarding the Potomac. On the night of the 17th camp of one regiment (Sixth New York Cavalry) was attacked and Lieutenant Carroll, Sixth New York, and several men wounded. The enemy were repulsed with sever loss.

February 1 to 26.-The First and Reserve Brigades in camp at Camp Russell, Va., picketing the line of the Opequon, sending out frequent reconnaissances toward Strasburg and Woodstock, Va.

February 1 to 23.-The Second Brigade stationed at Lovettsville, picketing and guarding the Potomac.

---------------

* Or Sheridan's Cavalry Command.

---------------

