
opposition, and halted at the Appomattox River, where the bridge was burned. Saturday morning we moved back to the Lynchburg road and joined the division. Marched all day until 12 o'clock midnight; encamped near the South Side Railroad. At 3 a.m. moved out of camp and advanced some three miles, halted and got breakfast; we soon moved forward and came into action on the double-quick. Captain Norris formed line, under direction of General Foster, Lieutenant-Colonel Hill being absent looking for a position. We advanced, intending to join the left of the First Brigade, but did not, as they moved forward before the Eleventh formed in line, and by the time it got up with it on a line the regiment next to the Eleventh gave way and could not be found. Lieutenant-Colonel Hill ordered the regiment forward and we advanced across the field to within thirty rods of the enemy's battery under a very heavy fire. We remained there until we were flanked both on the right and left by the enemy. Lieutenant-Colonel Hill was wounded before he had got to the extreme front; many of our men were captured some ways in rear of our colors while going to the rear after the order was given to fall back. We finally got back into the road in front of a regiment of the First Brigade and formed a line to the left, under direction of Colonel Osborn, commanding First Brigade. Colonel Dandy soon ordered me to place the regiment on a line with the Tenth Connecticut Volunteers, which was done. The command forward was soon given, when we moved forward and advanced through the woods into the open field. As soon as we arrived there it was understood that General Lee had surrendered. We formed and moved by the right flank into the woods, advancing to the road near which we are now encamped.

Our loss during the day were 5 enlisted men killed and 26 wounded. Lieutenant-Colonel Hill was wounded. Captain Maxfield and 24 enlisted men were missing, supposed to be prisoners; of these Captain Maxfield and twenty men have returned, whether as paroled prisoners or not is not known.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY C. ADAMS,

Captain, Eleventh Maine Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Captain GEORGE H. STOWITS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 229. Report of Captain Edwin Nichols, One hundredth New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 100TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, April 11, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, for the information of the brigade commander, the part which the One hundredth New York Volunteers has taken in the recent operations against Petersburg and the rebel army under General Lee, viz:

After dark, on the evening of March 27, 1865, the First Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps, of which the One hundredth Regiment forms part, broke camp before Richmond, Va., and took up its march to the southward. That night we crossed the James River, and rested for an hour or so on the hill in rear of Jones' Landing, until our wagon train came up, when we again resumed our march, and at daybreak

