
crossed the Appomattox on the pontoon at Broadway Landing and marched till about noon, when we were halted and an opportunity given to the men to make coffee; this accomplished, we started again and marched until dark, when we were halted for the night near Hathcer's Run. At 6 o'clock the next morning, March 29, we were again on the march; passing down our front line of march to the extreme left we relieved the Second Corps, which was removed to a position outside the works and still farther to the left. During this march, which was a very severe one, there were but six men left the ranks, and three of these were excused by the surgeon. Arriving at our destination the regiment was immediately ordered on picket to relieve the picket of the Second Corps.

During the day and night of the 29th everything was quiet on our front, but heavy cannonading and musketry was heard on the left. On the morning of the 30th of March the pickets were relieved by a new detail. At noon of this day the regiment was ordered out under arms; we advanced across Hatcher's Run and held a position at a point to the left of the old Chimneys, where General Foster established his headquarters. About 5 o'clock of this day an advance was ordered along our whole division front for the purpose of establishing a new line; this was handsomely accomplished by our pickets, who drove the enemy into their rifle-pits, with a small loss. The One hundredth Regiment lost in this affair 1 officer and 5 men wounded. We held the ground gained during the night in this assault, and at 9 o'clock the next morning, March 31, the picket-line, which had been strengthened be a detachment of sharpshooters armed with Spencer rifles, was again ordered to advance and drive the enemy from their pits into their main line of works. This was accomplished with small loss on our part. We drove the enemy from their pits into their main line of works, and held the position gained. We captured on the line in front of the One hundredth Regiment about thirty prisoners, without the loss of a single man of this regiment.

At 4 o'clock of the morning of the 1st of April the enemy made an attempt to recover their lost ground. They attacked our picket-line, but were handsomely repulsed. The men of the One hundredth New York Volunteers held their ground and fought nobly. In passing down the line I was taken prisoner at a point where the enemy had succeeded in breaking through, but afterward escaped and returned to the picket-line, when I ordered the two posts on the left of the One hundredth to swing back in order to prevent the enemy from flanking the brigade on our right. These two posts, together with the whole line, were afterward retaken and held.

We captured on the line held by the one hundredth 8 prisoners, and wounded 2 or 3 others. Great praise is due to Captain Edward L. Cook, commanding the pickets of the One hundredth Regiment, for the courage and coolness exhibited by him on this occasion, reserving his fire and concealing his position until the enemy were close upon him, when he poured such a volley into them that drove them back in considerable disorder.

On the night of the 1st of April we were employed in placing a strong abatis in front of our position and in rear of our picket-line, from the right of the Tenth Connecticut to the open field on our right.

On the morning of the 2nd of April we left our position at Hatcher's Run and marched to the front of petersburg; a considerable part of this march was accomplished at a double-quick. Arriving at our designated position we were ordered to make an assault upon a strong work known

76 R R-VOL XLVI, PT I

