
as Fort Gregg. About 12 o'clock we pushed forward steadily, under a heavy fire of cannon and musketry, until arriving within a few hundred yards of the fort, when we reformed the regiment and advanced at a double-quick, led by our brave major, Dandy, who by his heroic example had succeeded in animating the men with a more than ordinary degree of fearlessness; before a terrible fire of musketry and canister we pressed on in advance and planted the first stars and stripes on the ramparts of the fort. Major Dandy led us to the fort, but arriving there he was instantly killed while attempting to pass to the rear of the fort in search of an entrance to the fort. Our loss in this charge was as follows, vi: Killed, 1 officer, 11 men; wounded, 1 officer, 40 men.

On the 3rd of April we started from Petersburg and marched in a direction parallel with the South Side Railroad, halting and bivouacking about 5 o'clock in the evening. We started at 8 o'clock in the morning and marched in a direction similar to that of the previous day, and halted at 6 p. m. near the South Side Railroad. 5th, started at 7 o'clock, marched till 11 o'clock and camped near Burkeville Junction. The marching this day was very severe in its nature, both as regards the weather and the distance. 6th, we were detached as guard to the corps wagon train, and from this stage until joining the brigade on the evening of the 9th instant nothing of interest occurred.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN NICHOLS,

Captain, 100th New York Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Captain GEORGE H. STOWITS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 230. Report of Colonel Harrison S. Fairchild, Eighty-ninth New York Infantry, commanding Fourth Brigade.
HDQRS. FOURTH Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 24TH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Appomattox Court-House.

MAJOR: In pursuance to your instructions dated April 13, 1865, I have the honor to report:

This brigade left Deep Bottom, where it was encamped, on the evening of the 27th of March, crossed the James and Appomattox Rivers, and continued our march without interruption, arriving at Humphreys' Station at about 10 a. m. March 29. I was ordered by the general commanding to relieve General Mott's division with my brigade, and occupy his entire line and relieve his pickets. I detailed 610 privates, 87 non-commissioned officers, and 23 commissioned officers, with Colonel J. B. Murray, One hundred and forty-eighth New York Volunteers, as brigade officer of the day, in command of the line. On the morning of the 30th of March the enemy attacked the pickets of the Third Brigade and a portion of my line on the left occupied by the Fifty-fifth pennsylvania and One hundred and forty-eighth New York Volunteers. The Fifty-fifth Pennsylvania advanced gallantly through an open field, and established a new line near the enemy's works. At evening the balance of the brigade was ordered out of the trenches, and formed line of battle at right angles with the entrenched works, connecting with General Birney's right. On the morning of the 31st I re-enforced my picket-line

