
with 100 men. The picket-line of this brigade charged the enemy's pickets, capturing their rifle-pits and 280 prisoners, mostly North Carolina troops. On the afternoon of the 31st two regiments of colored troops of General Birney's division were ordered to report to me. They were placed in line in rear of this brigade, and 700 men, properly officered, detailed from these two regiments for fatigue duty. They immediately commenced throwing up breast-works, the balance forming in line, connecting with General Birney's troops. My brigade was then relieved, excepting the picket-line, and returned to camp.

April 2, this brigade was ordered to fall in and march toward the lookout to support General Wright, of the Sixth Corps, who had penetrated the enemy's lines. We marched in the following order: First Brigade, Colonel Osborn; Third Brigade, Colonel Dandy; and Fourth Brigade. I was ordered to support First and Third Brigades and General Harris, of General Turner's division. When approaching Forts Gregg and Baldwin I formed and advanced in line of battle within 200 yards of Fort Gregg, when orders were sent to send a supporting force to assist Colonel Dandy's (Third) brigade and Colonel Osborn's (First) brigade to carry the fort. I immediately detached the Eighty-ninth New York, under command of Major Tremain, and One hundred and fifty-eighth New York Volunteers, under command of Major Kalt (Colonel McNary, of this regiment, being brigade officer of the day in command of the picket-line, and who had not come up). The two regiments advanced most gallantly, under a heavy fire, and deployed on the left of the fort, the Eighty-ninth leading. The officers and men of these regiments were first to enter the fort, and placed their colors on the parapet. The Fifty-fifth Pennsylvania, on the left, advanced and occupied Fort Baldwin.

In this engagement I lost two efficient and brave officers-Major F. W. Tremain, Eighty-ninth New York, and Lieutenant Edward Reilly, acting adjutant One hundred and fifty-eighth New York Volunteers.

Before daylight on the morning of the 2nd, while the Sixth Corps were engaged, the picket-line of my brigade, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel McNary, One hundred and fifty-eighth New York Volunteers, advanced inside the abatis and laid down under the enemy's works, and as the Sixth Corps advanced they charged the works, capturing 300 prisoners, one six-gun battery, horses, harness, and appurtenances, two battle-flags, all of which was turned over to the provost-marshal of the Sixth Corps.

On the morning of the 6th [3rd] of April commenced the march toward Burkeville and Lynchburg. No incident occurred until we had passed Burkeville and had arrived at Rice's Station. This brigade leading the column, the Fifty-fifth Pennsylvania was deployed as skirmishers, flankers, and advanced guard. We found the enemy had made a stand at this point. By order of the general commanding division I immediately deployed this brigade, advanced and engaged the enemy, driving their skirmishers back and holding the position, and the Sixty-seventh Ohio, Colonel Voris commanding, was ordered to report to me, who were deployed to protect my right flank. During the night I advanced the left of my line 200 yards toward the enemy's works, and entrenched the entire line of my brigade front. On the morning of the 7th it was discovered that the enemy had evacuated their position and was it retreat. This brigade advanced in line of battle to their works and occupied them. We then marched toward Appomattox Court-House, arriving between 8 and 9 a. m. on the 9th instant. The march

