
being too rapid for the enemy he was obliged to make a stand at this point. This brigade participated in the action. The Eighth Maine Regiment, of this brigade, under command of Captain E. H. Reynolds, was detached, by order of the general commanding, to support the First Brigade, Colonel osborn, and was in the advance of all troops of this division when General Lee surrendered, capturing one piece of artillery.

I inclose a list of casualties* of this brigade and the reports of regimental commanders, which give the details and incidents of the march, and who make mention of officers and men of their commands, which, with this report, is respectfully submitted.

I desire to make mention of officers and men of my brigade whose bravery and gallantry came under my immediate notice. Major Tremain, commanding Eighty-ninth New York Volunteers, and killed at Fort Gregg; Actg. Adjt. J. E. Northrup, Eighty-ninth New York, who asking who would follow him into the fort, three privates responded, and they went in together, followed by the troops of both regiments; also Major H. Kalt, One hundred and fifty-eighth New York Volunteers, commanding, and Acting Adjutant Reilly, killed in the action. The officers and men of these two regiments did nobly. Alse the members of my staff-Lieutenant J. E. Palmer, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain Hewett, acting assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant Horn, acting aide-de-camp. Captain Hewett was wounded at the fight at Rice's Station, and was obliged to leave the field. Lieutenant Palmer and Lieutenant Horn performing the staff duties, hey acquitted themselves nobly, being at all points of the line under fire, displaying great courage and coolness during the engagement of the brigade. Lieutenant Palmer being taken sick on the march, on the 8th instant, Lieutenant Horn was the only staff officer in the action of the 9th.

Too much praise cannot be given to both officers and men of this command for promptness and cheerfulness in enduring the fatiguing marches, and to the commanders for keeping their men well in hand, with no straggling of any account on the march.

I am, major, very respectfully,

H. S. FAIRCHILD,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major P. A. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 231. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edward A. True, Eighth Maine Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH MAINE VOLUNTEERS,Appomattox Court-House, Va., April 13, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with your verbal request, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Eighth Maine Volunteers since leaving Deep Bottom, Va.:

The regiment broke camp on the morning of the 27th ultimo; bivouacked near brigade headquarters during the day. At night took up the march, arriving at near Hatcher's Run the following night. On the morning of the 29th relieved troops of the Second Corps. Remained near Hatche'rs Run four days. During this time the greater portion

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 594.

---------------

