
of the regiment was on picket. There was some picket firing. The pickets of the Eighth Maine and One hundred and forty-eighth New york (on the left of the Eighth Maine) charged the enemy, on the 31st ultimo, capturing the entire line of pickets in their front. The enemy's pickets in front of the One hundred and forty-eighth New York to reach their main line were compelled to pass toward their right to a point opposite the Eighth maine, it being impossible to cross the moat at any place directly in their rear. They were about to make their escape at this point when the Eighth Maine by swinging to the left and charging upon them made them prisoners, between their entrenched picket-line and their main works. The number of prisoners sent to the rear by this regiment was about 125. The enemy's picket-line was strongly entrenched and behind a line of abatis. No captures were made on our right.

On the morning of the 2nd instant proceeded with that part of the regiment not on picket toward the right of the line about one mile, passed through one line of the enemy's works captured that morning, and after maneuvering for a while advanced to the attack upon Fort Gregg, the One hundred and fifty-eighth New York on my right and the Fifty-fifth Pennsylvania on my left. We were halted when within about 200 yards of the fort, and remained in this position until it surrendered. Here Lieutenant Young, acting adjutant, and Lieutenant Shurtleff were severely wounded. The remaining portion of the regiment rejoined us that night, and the following morning we started on the march toward Lynchburg. Arrived at Burkeville Junction, in the South Side Railroad, on the night of the 5th. Being temporarily detached from the regiment on other duty, I turned over the command to Captain E. H. Reynolds on the 6th instant.

I am unable to speak in fitting terms of the excellent conduct exhibited by both officers and men, whether on the march or in battle. In the march from Deep Bottom to Hatcher's Run many companies stacked every musket with which they left camp; and during all the marching while I was in command, with a very few exceptions, there was an entire absence of straggling. Captains Parker and Wiley, and Lieutenant Murray, commanding companies, deserve mention, not only for bravery, but also for the excellent manner in which they have handled their commands. Private C. T. Roberts, Company F, displayed great gallantry in charging the enemy at Hatcher's Run, and has kept with his company, and been among the foremost in every fight since, although suffering from a wound received on the 31st ultimo, and from which he has not yet recovered.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. TRUE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Eighth Maine Volunteers.

Colonel W. M. MCARTHUR,

Commanding Eighth Maine Volunteers.

Numbers 232. Report of Captain Edward H. Reynolds, Eighth Maine Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH MAINE VOLUNTEERS,Appomattox Court-House, Va., April 13, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Eighth Maine Volunteers, while under my command

