
from the 6th instant, when Lieutenant-Colonel True, then in charge of the regiment, was temporarily detached, until the 9th instant, when I was relieved:

Early in the afternoon of the 6th instant the regiment took up the line of march in the direction of Lynchburg. At a distance of seven miles or thereabouts, the rear of the enemy being overtaken, a general skirmish occurred, in which the regiment sustained a loss of 2 killed and 4 wounded. The regiment remained in nearly the same position during that night, erecting breast-works for protection. On the 7th the march was resumed and continued through Farmville to the outskirts of the town, where the regiment remained until the morning following, when the march was resumed and continued uninterruptedly until 12 o'clock at night, requiring the greatest endurance and fortitude in those that performed it. At 3 o'clock in the morning the march was again resumed and continued until about 9 o'clock in the forenoon to the vicinity of Appomattox Court-House. Here the Eighth Maine was in advance of all the troops on that part of the regiment behaved nobly.

All officers and men of the regiment behaved nobly.

One piece of artillery was captured by the regiment, while the casualties were only 6 wounded.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. REYNOLDS,

Captain, Eighth Maine Volunteers.

Colonel WILLIAM M. MCARTHUR,

Commanding Eighth Maine Volunteers.

Numbers 233. Report of Captain William Dobie, Eighty-ninth New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTY-NINTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, Va., April 13, 1865.

SIR: In accordance with orders I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this command:

The regiment broke camp at Deep Bottom, Va., March 27, 1865, and marched to or near Humphreys' Station, and there remained until the 2nd instant, when we again broke camp and marched to and participated in the attack upon Fort Gregg, which was captured by our forces with a loss of 1 commissioned officer killed, 1 wounded, and 3 enlisted men killed and 10 wounded. The regiment camped on the field the same night, and marched the next morning, April 3, to Ford's Station, on the South Side Railroad, and halted for the night. April 4, marched at 5 a. m. on the road toward Lynchburg, halting for the night at or near----farm. April 5, march at 6 a. m., halting for the night at Burkeville Junction. April 6, marched at 8 a. m., overtook and engaged the enemy near Bird's [Rice's] Station, and in taking a position the regiment lost 1 man killed and 11 wounded. We remained on the field that night, during which time the enemy fell back. At daybreak we resumed the march, halting for the night at Farmville. April 8, marched at 7 a. m. to Appomattox Station, a distance of upward of thirty miles, arriving place, the enemy having surrendered, we went into camp.

