
I do not deem it necessary to make special mention of any of the officers or men, as all have acted with their usual gallantry.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. DOBIE,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain ROOF,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 234. Report of Colonel John B. Murray, One hundred and forty-eighth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 148TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, Va., near Appomattox Court-House, April 14, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report as follows, in compliance with instructions received from headquarters Fourth Brigade, First Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps, April 12, 1865, viz:

This regiment broke camp at Deep Bottom, Va., on the 27th of March, 1865; formed with the brigade at 10 a. m. At 9 a. m. took up the line of march, forming on the left of the Fourth Brigade. Crossed the James River at Deep Bottom at 11 p. m., and halted at Jones' Landing until 3 a. m. of the 28th, when we again resumed the march, crossing the Appomattox River at daybreak. Continued the march until 8 p. m., passing Petersburg to the left; halted for the night in rear of the Ninth Corps line. Resumed the march again at 4 a. m. of the 29th, following the line of the Second Corps to the left of Petersburg for about three miles. halted at 9 a. m., and relieved the One hundred and twentieth New York State Volunteers, being a portion of the Second Corps. Sent 120 men forward at once on the picket-line; the remainder of the regiment occupied the camp of the One hundred and twentieth New York Volunteers. At 7 p. m. of the 30th of March the remainder of the regiment went out as reserve for the picket-line, where we lay upon our arms until 5 p. m. of the 31st, when we returned to the works. The picket-line, 120 strong, advanced at 8 a. m. on the 31st, under my personal command as brigade officer of the day, tow thin 200 yards of the enemy's works, capturing their entire picket-line in our front, consisting of 125 men of the Forty-sixth and Forty-eighth North Carolina Battalions. From this position a sharp fire was kept up through the day.

The casualties on this occasion were as follows, viz.*

During April 1 the regiment was under arms at the works, 120 men on the picket-line. At 7 a. m. of the 2nd marched to the right about two miles to the breach in the enemy's works in front of the Sixth Corps. After passing to the rear of the enemy's works we moved to the right in the direction of Petersburg; were support to the carding column upon Forts Gregg and Baldwin; where the casualties were, viz.+

At 4 a. m. the picket-line, in command of Henry Parsons, captain Company H, advanced and captured the enemy's works in their front, together with about 300 prisoners, 1 six-gun battery, the horses, harness,

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 officer and 3 enlisted men wounded.

+Nominal list (omitted) shows 4 enlisted men wounded.

---------------

