
and appurtenances thereto belonging, 1 battle-flag (the colors of the Eighth Mississippi Regiment), and other property, which was duly turned over to the provost guard of the Sixth Corps. The loss was one killed, viz: George L. Matthews, privated, Company A. At 11 a. m. the pickets rejoined the regiment, and at 5 p. m. the regiment moved into Fort Baldwin, which we occupied until 4 a. m., April 3, when we again resumed the march, which we continued until 8 p. m., when we halted for the night near the South Side Railroad. On the 4th my command was detailed as guard to the First Division wagon train; camped for the night at the park of the train; joined the brigade at 9 a. m. April 5 and continued the march during the entire day.

April 6 [5?], resumed the march at 4 a. m. and reached Burkeville at 11 p. m., where we camped for the night. Left Burkeville at 10 a. m. April 7 [6?]; marched to Rice's Station, which we reached at 3 p. m., at which place we came up with the enemy and engaged him. Our losses were as follows, viz: Caleb G. Jackson, second lieutenant, Company I, killed; James Tuttle, private, Company B, wounded. At dark my line was thrown forward some 500 yards to the crest of the hill, and the regiment was engaged during the night in entrenching in that position. On the 8th (the enemy having retreated during the night) we moved forward at 5 a. m., and continued the march along the South Side Railroad until 11 p. m., when a halt was made for the night. At 3 a. m. April 9 moved forward again, and at 7 a. m. engaged the enemy near Appomattox Court-House. Here the enemy found himself so hardly pressed by the superior marching and fighting of our front, and realizing that we were there, he proposed a surrender, which was duly executed and carried out by turning over his arms, colors, and property to the Fifth Corps, who arrived upon the ground just in time to receive the same, while, we who really prevented his escape, lay in our present position waiting for something to turn up, where we have remained up to this date.

Too much credit cannot be given to the officers and men of this command for the gallant manner in which they, together with their comrades of the brigade and corps, have entered to fight and endured the march. Were all have done so well it would be invidious to attempt to mention any one individual.

I am, captain, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MURRAY,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain S. C. ROOF,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 235. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William H. McNary, One hundred and fifty-eighth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 158 REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Near Appomattox Court-House, Va., April 14, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders from headquarters Fourth Brigade, I have the honor to report that this regiment left Deep Bottom, Va., on the evening of March 27 at 8 p. m., and marched, halting to rest

