
February 24.-The Second Brigade broke up camp at Lovettsville and marched to Harper's Ferry, W. Va.

February 25.-Marched to Winchester, Va., and joined the division at Camp Rusell, Va.

February 27.-The division started on a raid up the Shenandoah Valley in the direction of Lynchburg, and marched via Strasburg to Woodstock.

February 28.-Marched to Lacey's Spring, near New Market, and encamped.

March 1.-The division marched from Lacey's Spring to near Staunton, and encamped. First Brigade marched to and destroyed railroad bridge at Christian's Creek. Twentieth Pennsylvania Cavalry marched to Swoope's Depot, on Virginia Central Railroad, and destroyed depot, stores, &amp;c.

March 3.-Marched to Waynesborough and destroyed iron railroad bridge, stores, artillery wagons, &c.; crossed Blue Ridge, and encamped at Ivy Station, on Virginia Central Railroad.

March 4.-Marched to Charlottesville and encamped.

March 6.-Marched to Scottsville and destroyed mills, aqueduct, &c.

March 6 to 12.-Operated on the line of James River and Kanawha Canal, destroying the canal for a distance of 100 miles for Duguidsville to Goochland, together with all locks, bridges, mills, factories, and canal boats loaded with commissary, quartermaster's, ordnance, meal, and all kinds of Government stores.

March 13.-Marched to Tollersville and destroyed railroad.

March 14.-Marched to Taylorsville and destroyed five railroad bridges over North and South Anna and Little Rivers, engaging the enemy and capturing three guns.

March 15.-Moved across South Anna to Hanover Court-House, and returned at night across North Anna.

March 16.-Marched to Mangohick Church.

March 17.-Marched to Pamunkey, at White House.

March 18.-Crossed Pamunkey and encamped.

March 25.-Marched toward James River.

March 26.-Crossed James River and encamped.

March 27.-Crossed Appomattox and encamped in front of Petersburg.

March 29.-Marched to Dinwiddie Court-House.

March 30.-Marched to and engaged the enemy near Fiver Forks.

March 31.-Engaged the enemy near Five Forks.

April 1.-The division engaged the enemy at Five Forks and carried the position, capturing 1,000 prisoners and 2 guns.

April 2.-Marched to and cut South Side Railroad attacked and drove Fitz Lee's cavalry division to Scott's Cross-Roads, engaging at that place the enemy's infantry.

April 3.-Marched to Deep Creek and encamped.

April 4.-Marched to Drummond's Mills and engage the enemy's infantry and cavalry. At 10 p. m. marched toward Jetersville, arriving at 10 a. m. of the 5th; division placed in position in front of the town.

April 6.-Marched to and engaged the enemy at Sailor's Creek, capturing 500 prisoners.

April 7.-Marched by Prince Edward Court-House to near Prospect Station and encamped.

April 8.-Marched to Appomattox Station and engaged the enemy.

April 9.-Engaged the enemy in front of Appomattox Court-House; at 11 a. m. flag of truce resulting in the surrender of General Lee's army.

