
of our line and guards placed over them. As soon as we came to the suburbs of the city I found that the town had already been occupied by Major Stevens with a few cavalry, and a sentinel posted on the road to halt all troops at that point. Major Stevens had passed our skirmish line about half an hour after we had occupied the reserve works. Here I waited until the arrival of the whole division, when the town was regularly occupied by one brigade of the division.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. A. BRUCE,

Captain, Thirteenth New Hampshire Vols., and Judge Advocate.

Captain GEORGE W. HOOKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 239. Report of Major Charles Warren, Eleventh Connecticut Infantry, First Brigade.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH REGIMENT CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS,Near Camp Jackson, Richmond, Va., April 7, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report relative to the movements of the Eleventh Connecticut Volunteer Infantry since the advance on Richmond, Va., from near Signal Hill, Va., April 3, 1865:

Early on the morning of the 3rd of April, 1865, a bright fire could be seen in the direction of Richmond, Va., increasing rapidly, followed by bright flashes and explosions. Those signs of an evacuation were immediately followed by orders from brigade headquarters to strike tents and be ready to move. The brigade (First Brigade, Third Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps, of which this regiment formed a part) was formed in mass on the New Market road, and immediately advanced toward the rebel capital, preceded by a line of skirmishers. The first line of rebel works was cautiously passed without opposition, and then commenced the race for Richmond. Lines of rebel works were passed at a double-quick until the series of the city that we had ready of for four years came in view, the national banners were unfurled, bands struck up "Rally' Round the Flag," when cheer upon cheer from our soldiers rent the air, and the city of Richmond was entered in triumph by the national army about 8.30 a. m. The men were received by the white people with a good deal of enthusiasm, but our reception by the colored people was a prefect ovation. The rear guard of the enemy passed up Main street just ahead of our advance. Many prisoners have been picked up in the city. After stationing guards over magazines, arsenals, and other important places the Eleventh Regiment was sent to aid in putting out the fire which the rebels had kindled and which was fast sweeping the city to destruction. the fire being checked the regiment was detailed as provost guard for the city, which duty they continue to perform.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES WARREN,

Major, Commanding Eleventh Connecticut Volunteers.

Brigadier General H. J. MORSE,

Adjutant-General State of Connecticut.

