
reached the enemy's line I received an order to send two brigade to our signal tower near Fort Gregg in support of the Sixth Corps, which I was then informed had broken the enemy's lines. I accompanied these two brigades (the First and Second), and subsequently in the afternoon formed them in support of Foster's division, which immediately after my arrival moved to the assault of Fort Gregg, an important outwork to the enemy's defenses around Petersburg. Colonels Curtis and Potter moved in close support to the First Division, and joined hands with Foster's troops in the desperate struggle which took place for the possession of Fort Gregg. After nearly half an hour of desperate fighting this work was carried, but with the loss of many brave officers and men of this division.

I would respectfully refer the major-general commanding to the reports of Colonel Curtis and Colonel Potter for the names of those officers and men who distinguished themselves for gallantry in this attack.

Immediately after the capture of Fort Gregg, an adjoining work of the enemy's, Fort Baldwin, was carried by General Harris, who reported to me shortly after, with its garrison, some sixty in number, including its commander. For the operations of General Harris' brigade during the day, while from under my command, I refer you to his report.

My division just before night-fall was put into position to the right of Fort Gregg, with Anthony's battery on my right center. The next morning the evacuation of Petersburg was announced.

The movement to Burkeville was commenced early on the morning of the 3rd, my division taking the lead on the Cox Road. I arrived at Burkeville on the night of the 5th, the division having marched some thirty miles in the last day's march. Early the next morning the One hundred and twenty-third Ohio Volunteers, under Lieutenant-Colonel Kellogg, and the Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, under Lieutenant-Colonel Moulton, were detached, by order of the major-general commanding, on an expedition to High Bridge, the railroad crossing to Sandy Creek, and I regret to state were compelled to surrender during the day, having been surrounded by an overwhelming force of the enemy, not, however, before making a gallant resistance. These men were afterward paroled after the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia at Appomattox Court-House.

About noon on the 6th the division moved from Burkeville out on the Farmville road, following General Foster's division. The enemy was met at Rice's Station, and went into position on the left of Foster's division; considerable skirmishing ensued, when night-fall put an end to the operations for the day.

Early next morning the enemy was found to have abandoned his position, and the movement was continued on to Farmville. At 5 a. m. of the 8th I moved out on the Lynchburg road and following General Sheridan's cavalry all day went into camp about 10 p. m. near Appomattox Station, having marched some twenty-eight miles, the men coming into camp in good order, and with but little straggling. I was on the road again at 3 o'clock next morning, and after advancing some four or five miles was ordered into line on the right of General Foster, near the Appomattox Court-House road leading to Lynchburg. The enemy were again met at this point and had just gained some little advantage over the cavalry; they were, however, easily pushed back, and on advancing into the open ground in the vicinity of Appomattox Court-House the enemy were found to have fallen back behind that place. Hostilities had ceased and negotiations for the surrender of his entire army had commenced.

