
Remaining in camp at this place until the 12th I was ordered to Lynchburg with my division and Mackenzie's cavalry. General Mackenzie entered Lynchburg the same day, and my division followed the next. Immense quantities of military stores were found, all of which were destroyed, except what were required for own use, and what subsistence stores were turned over to the destitute citizens; over 5,000 prisoners were paroled. I left Lynchburg on the 16th, arriving at Appomattox Court-House the same day, and on the 17th moved for Burkeville, where the division arrived on the 19th. On the 22nd we commenced our return march for Richmond, which place division entered on the 25th.

I desire to bear testimony to the good conduct and patient endurance while on the march, and valor on the battle-field, of the officers and men of this division. To the brigade commanders-Brigadier General T. M. Harris, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Third Brigade; Colonel William B. Curtis, Twelfth West Virginia Volunteers, commanding Second Brigade; and Lieutenant Colonel A. Potter, Thirty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, commanding First Brigade-great praise is due, and I earnestly recommend them to the major-general commanding for his favorable consideration.

My staff officers-Captain C. H. Hurd, assistant adjutant-general; Captain I. A. Rosekrans, commissary of subsistence; Captain J. L. C. Amee, assistant quartermaster; Captain J. S. Gibbs, U. S. Colored Troops, aide-de-camp; Surg. R. R. Clarke, Thirty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, surgeon-in-chief; Captain George Macomber, Thirty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers; Captain H. L. Karr, One hundred and sixteenth Ohio Volunteers, judge advocate; Captain T. Mallory, One hundred and sixteenth Ohio Volunteers, provost-marshal; Captain J. F. Welch, One hundred and sixteenth Ohio Volunteers, commanding pioneer corps; First Lieutenant J. R. Brenneman, Twelfth West Virginia Volunteers, acting ordnance officer; Second Lieutenant Jere Horton, Thirty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, assistant commissary of musters-by their efficient and zealous aid have rendered me most valuable services, and they have my warmest thanks for their attention to their duties and earnest desire to carry out my orders.

Inclosed please find the reports of the brigade commanders.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. W. TURNER,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel E. MOALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twenty-fourth Army Corps.

Numbers 241. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Andrew Potter, Thirty-fourth Massachusetts Infantry, commanding Firts Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, INDEPENDENT DIV., 24TH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, April 2, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following part taken by my command in the action of this day:

The One hundred and twenty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry was left on the skirmish line at Hatcher's Run, and did not join me in time to take part in the action here. It, however, did good service there, the account of which I hereby annex.*

---------------

*See Numbers 242, p. 1219.

---------------

