HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 24TH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Richmond, Va., April 25, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by my command in the several actions which occurred after leaving Petersburg until the surrender of the enemy's forces at Appomattox Court-House, April 9:

In obedience to orders received from division headquarters, I ordered the One hundred and twenty-third Ohio, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Kellogg, to report at those headquarters at 5 a. m. April 6. The regiment with other troops was sent to High Bridge, which crosses Bush Creek in the vicinity of Farmville. When within half a mile of the bridge they were attacked in the rear by the enemy, who was near with his whole force. A sharp engagement at once began, which was continued till every round of ammunition was expended. The men fought splendidly, driving the enemy back nearly a mile. There was no thought of surrendering till the ammunition gave out, when they were compelled to yield and the whole regiment became prisoners.* A few subsequently escaped. the balance were subsequently paroled by General Lee at the time of his surrender. In this action the regiment had 1 officer, Capt J. F. Randolph, and 6 men wounded. The rest of the command moved with the division from Burkeville about 11 a. m. the same day, striking the enemy at Rice's Station in the afternoon of the 6th. I immediately sent forward three companies as skirmishers, who were sharply engaged with the enemy's line till dark. My loss was 1 man killed and 5 wounded. The enemy left during the night, the pursuit being resumed at daylight next morning. April 7, we encamped at Farmville. April 8, we reached the railroad near Appomattox Court-House, having marched nearly thirty miles that day. Early on the morning of the 9th we moved out and soon came upon the enemy at said court-house. The brigade was formed in line of battle, connecting with the Third Brigade on the right and the Second on the left. Two companies were sent forward as skirmishers, the brigade following in line of battle. Though under fire the brigade was not actively engaged, the enemy retreating faster than we could follow. When near Appomattox Court-House hostilities were suspended. The enemy's force was soon after surrendered by General Lee. We remained in camp till April 12, when we moved to Lynchburg. After destroying the stores at this point we returned to Burkeville, and from thence reached this place April 25, 1865, being just one month since we broke camp on the James.

I cannot conclude this, I hope, last report without bearing testimony to the uniform good conduct of the brigade while on the march and in battle. They have marched cheerfully and without murmuring, and have fought without a suspicion of defeat. Soldiers animated by such feelings are invincible.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. POTTER,

Lieutenant Colonel Thirty-fourth Massachusetts Vol. Infantry, Commanding

[Captain C. H. HURD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

---------------

*The number captured is not of record, and they are not included in table, p. 595.

---------------

