
Numbers 242. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Horace Kellogg, One hundred and twenty-third Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 123rd OHIO VOLUNTEERS INFANTRY,In the Field, April 2, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report as the part taken by my regiment in the action of to-day:

The command occupied the skirmish line, where it did good execution in silencing the enemy's guns. At 8.30 o'clock I saw that the rebels were leaving their works in great haste, and at the same time a white flag was seen close to their works. I immediately ordered my regiment forward on the double-quick, and had the satisfaction of seeing my regimental colors planted on the enemy's works in advance of all others.

The results of the movement was the captured of 200 prisoners, 2 brass 12-pounders, 3 caissons, about 500 stand of small-arms, and 2 of the enemy's battle-flags. My loss was one man slightly wounded.

I cannot speak in too high praise of the conduct of the officers and men of my command. It was everything that could be desired. After resting my command a short time and collecting the captured property I proceeded to rejoin the brigade.

Respectfully submitted.

HORACE KELLOGG,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 123rd Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant THOMAS W. RIPLEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 243. Reports of Colonel William B. Curtis, Twelfth West Virginia Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, INDEPENDENT DIV., 24TH ARMY CORPS,April 3, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken in the assault and capture of Battery Gregg, near Petersburg, Va., on the 2nd instant, by the Second Brigade, composed of the Twelfth West Virginia, Fifty-north Pennsylvania, and the Twenty-third Illinois Volunteers:

This brigade formed the left of the line and was the first to mount the parapets and enter the works, capturing the entire garrison of 300 men, 56 of the number being killed. The colors of the Twelfth Regiment West Virginia Volunteers were the first planted upon the parapets, and the color-bearer, Private Joseph R. Logsdon, Company C, was shot down just as the flag-staff was fixed int he ground. Three pieces of artillery were taken in the fort, and immediately turned upon the enemy in another quarter. Captain William A. Smiley, Company D, Twelfth West Virginia Volunteers, received the surrender of Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Duncan, who commanded the fort. James P. Ryan, color-sergeant, Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, was killed in the act of planting his colors. Two rebel flags were captured, on each by Privates J. W. Johnston, Company B, and Charles A. Reeder,* Company

---------------

*Awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

