
April 10.-Marched to Prospect Station.

April 11.-Moved by easy marches to Petersburg, encamping four days at Nottoway Court-House.

April 18.-Arrived and encamped near the town until the 24th, when the division moved rapidly in the direction of North Carolina.

April 29.-Arrived at the line, when the news of Johnston's surrender was received, and the division countermarched toward Petersburg.

First Brigade, First Cavalry Division.

[January.]-Brigade in winter quarters on Romney pike, two miles and a half from Winchester, and picketing the right of the line held by the army.

Second Brigade, First Cavalry Division.

January 1.-The brigade marched from Halltown to Lovettsville, and commenced building winter quarters.

January 17.-The camp of Sixth New Cavalry was attacked by White's cavalry, who were repulsed with severe loss. The country was scoured to an beyond Purceville by scouting parties.

February 1 to 24.-The brigade was quartered at Lovettsville, Loudoun County, Va., picketing and scouting in the vicinity.

February 24.-Marched to Haper's Ferry, W. Va.

February 25.-Marched to Winchester, Va.

February 27.-Marched to Woodstock, Va.

February 28.-Marched to New Market, Va.

March 1.-Marched from Lacey's Spring, and arrived at Staunton at midnight.

March 2.-Marched through Fisherville and Waynesborough.

March 3.-Marched through Hillstown and Brownsville, destroying a large amount of rebel quartermaster's stores at Swope's Station.

March 4.-Marched to Charlottesville.

March 5.-Destroyed the Lynchburg railroad.

March 6.-Marched to Scottsville, destroying the canal, aqueduct, factories, &amp;c., returning to Howardsville.

March 7.-Marched to Warminster, destroying the canal, &c.

March 8.-Marched to Hardwickville, destroying several canal locks and warehouses. At 12 m. received orders to proceed to Columbia, via Howardsville and Scottsville.

March 9.-Arrived there at 5 a. m., marching fifty miles, destroying the canal and several boats loaded with stores for the rebel army.

March 11.-Marched to Goochland Court-House; engaged the enemy, capturing several prisoners and burning the jail and several canal locks. Returned to Columbia.

March 12.-Marched to Tolersville.

March 13.-Marched to Frederick's Hall, and destroyed the Virginia Central Railroad.

March 15.-Passed through Taylorsville and crossed the South Anna River.

March 16.-Marched to Mangohick.

March 17.-Marched to King William Court-House.

March 18.-Arrived near White House Landing.

March 19.-Crossed Pamunkey River.* * *

March 26 [25].-Marched to near Harrison's Landing.

March 27 [26].-Crossed James River at Deep Bottom.

