
G, Twelfth West Virginia Volunteers. Major Nathan Davis, Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, nobly led on in the charge after being severely wounded, and was killed after climbing the parapet. Second Lieutenant Joseph Caldwell, Company C, Twelfth West Virginia Infantry, was one of the first to enter the fort, where he was instantly killed with a bayonet.

The resistance of the enemy was desperate. Those who were foremost in entering the fort were shot down or bayoneted, and several were killed on the top of the parapet in the act of leaping inside. The officers and men of the entire command acted with the greatest bravery.

Altogether, the number of prisoners taken by this brigade amounted to 440 men, as reported by the provost guard. Part of them were captured on the skirmish line.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. CURTIS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain C. H. HURD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Independent Division.
HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, INDEPENDENT DIV., 24TH ARMY CORPS,April 25, 1865.

SIR: In obedience to your orders, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the operations of the army since 2nd instant:

April 3, bean march on the Lynchburg road, arriving at Burkeville on the 5th; distance fifty-three miles. On the 6th the Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers started at 4 o'clock in the morning on an expedition to High Brigade, five miles east of Farmville, Va., where it was captured after a sharp affair with the enemy.* At 12 m. same day the brigade, comprising the Twelfth Regiment west Virginia Infantry and one company of Twenty-third Illinois Infantry only (four companies were left on duty at Burkeville, Va.), marched with the division to a point seven miles on the Lynchburg road, where it was formed in line of battle, with the division forming the left of the line, and was immediately employed to extend the skirmish line, but did not become engaged. On the 7th moved to Farmville, Va., seven miles. On the 8th marched all day and part of the night, reaching a point west of Appomattox Court-House, in front of General Lee's army, early in the morning on the 9th instant (distance thirty-two miles), and formed line of the left of the division. Excepting the skirmish line, was not actually engaged, though under the fire of the enemy's artillery; no casualties. April 12, commenced march to Lynchburg, reaching there on the 13th; distance twenty-six miles. On the 15th set out from Lynchburg, arriving at Burkeville on the 19th; distance seventy miles. April 22, left Burkeville, Va., and on the 24th arrived near Richmond, Va.; distance fifty-eight miles.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. CURTIS,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain C. H. HURD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*The number captured is not of record and they are not included in table, p. 595.

---------------

