
Broadway Landing, reaching the front of Petersburg before daylight on the morning of the 28th; distance marched about fifteen miles. Moved at 9 a. m. same day to headquarters Army of the Potomac, going into camp about one mile beyond for the night. 29th, moved at daylight, reaching the lines of the Second Corps at a point where they crossed the Vaughan road near Hatcher's Run, where, by direction of Major C. C. Abell, chief of artillery Twenty-fourth Corps, I placed my battery in position, two sections upon the left and one section upon the right of said road. March 31, relieved from position upon Vaughan road and ordered to report to Brigadier-General Foster, commanding First Division, who was about to advance our lines. Battery not engaged.

At 1 a. m. April 1 ordered by Major C. C. Abell to move my battery out to a position on General Foster's front, near some standing chimneys, where General Hall, of the engineers, was constructing a work for my guns. When near the position with my battery at 2 a. m., met General Hall, who reported to me that the work could not be built on account of the the condition of the earth. This statement was reported by me in person to Major Abell, when he directed me to bring my battery back within the lines. Nine o'clock of same day was directed to place a section in position upon General Turner's front. The work intended for the guns was not completed until 2 a. m. of the 2nd, when my guns were put in. This work was nearly parallel to and distant about 700 yards from the left face of a salient in the enemy's lines, the the angle of which terminated in a redoubt mounting four guns.

At daybreak a dense fog covered the enemy's lines and did not lift until 6.30 o'clock, when a column of the enemy's troops were soon moving out of the salty-port of the redoubt toward their left. I immediately opened fire upon the column at the entrance to the work, cutting off further regress therefrom. A few well-directed shots caused the display of a white flag at the sally-port. Firing ceased, and the troops of Turner's division immediately advanced and took possession of the lines. 1 p. m. orders were received to move my battery up toward Petersburg on the line and inside of the works held by our forces in the morning. I reached the rear of Peresburg and my guns were placed in position at the right of Fort Gregg. Soon after its surrender and during the night, earth-works thrown up for their protection and orders received to open upon the enemy at daylight the following morning; before the time for executing which order it was announced that Petersburg had been evacuated. At 8 o'clock of the 3rd I moved westward, following Turner's division, halting for the night after a march of about twelve miles. April 4, marched seventeen miles to Wilson's Station upon the South Side Railroad. April 5, marched to Burkeville Junction; distance twenty-five miles. April 6, left Burkeville soon after noon, [marched] to the vicinity of Rice's Station, eight miles hence, where the enemy were found entrenched. At about sunset I placed a section of my battery in position upon the Phillips plantation, near the mansion, and at that time the extreme advance of our skirmish line, and distant not more than 400 yards from the enemy. Fire was opened and kept up with good effect until darkness made it necessary to cease firing. During the night the balance of the battery was brought up and entrenched and an infantry line established seventy yards in front of my position.

On he morning of the 7th it was found that the enemy had left our front and an immediate advance made. It being impossible to follow the line of Turner's division I turned off to the right, following Foster's division, crossing the Appomattox upon the road bridge above the

