
High (or railroad) Bridge and joining Turner's division at Farmville at 4 p. m. April 8, moved upon the Lynchburg road at daylight, resting after a march of more than thirty-miles at a point upon the railroad between Pamplin's and Appomattox Stations, at 12 midnight. Moved again at 3 o'clock on the morning of the 9th, with Turner's division, to the headquarters of Major-General Sheridan and near Appomattox Station, where the column halted for breakfast, and I was directed by order of General Turner to park my battery "in the open field and near the road in a place and manner to allow of the most convenient movement of the whole, or a port of it, as circumstances should demand, and await orders." I remained there until the infantry of the corps had all moved out of the open field and into the woods and were being followed by the Fifth Corps, when without further orders I followed Turner's division across the railroad, turning to he right upon the road leading to Appomattox Court-House, halting at a point where our line of battle crossed said road. No further orders were received from General Turner, but by direction of Major Abell, chief of artillery, I moved up the road to within 200 yards of the court-house about 11 a. m., and soon after hostilities had ceased. Remaining in camp at Appomattox Court-House until the morning of the 17th, at 10 a. m. we moved with Foster's division on the road to Burkeville; marched eighteen miles. April 18, moved at 5 a. m.; marched twenty miles. April 19, moved at 5.30 o'clock; marched fifteen miles, arriving at Burkeville at 1 p. m. Left Burkeville April 22, taking the Amelia Court-House road; marched eighteen miles. April 23, moved at 5 a. m.; marched twenty miles. April 24, moved at 4.45 o'clock, arriving in rear of Manchester opposite Richmond. April 25, crossed the James River at 10 o'clock to this place.

I have no casualties to report. I have to report the loss of twenty-two horses upon the march. The march was very severe, but the loss of animals arose from the impossibility of securing to them regular feed and water. It gives me pleasure to add that officers and men of my command have performed all the duties and endured the hardships of the march with a cheerfulness and alacrity worthy of the cause and the country they serve.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. T. ANTHONY,

Captain, Commanding Seventeenth New York Battery.

Lieutenant D. W. BURDICK,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, 24th Army Corps.

Numbers 246. Report of Captain Samuel S. Elder, Battery B, First U. S. Artillery.
HDQRS. HORSE BATTERY B, FIRST U. S. ARTILLERY,Near Richmond, Va., April 26, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by Horse Battery B, First U. S. Artillery, in the operations of the Twenty-fourth Army Corps after leaving the north side of the James River, Va.:

On the 27th of March the battery left camp near Deep Bottom, on the north side of the James River, Va., and marched to the extreme left of the line, in rear of Petersburg, Va. April 2, engaged the enemy, and same evening advanced to near Petersburg by the Boydton

