
plank road, the enemy retreating before the army. April 3, 4 and 5, following the enemy up on the line of the South Side Railroad. April 6, engaged him at Rice's Station, Va. April 7 and 8, in pursuit of the enemy. April 9, engaged the enemy at Appomattox Court-House, Va., the engagement ending in the surrender of Lee's Army of Northern Virginia. April 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, and 16, remained at Appomattox Court-House. April 17, commenced the march for Richmond, stopping at Burkeville Junction about forty hours.

Casualties: 1 man killed and 1 wounded.

Loss in material: Horses killed and worn out, 34; mules worn out and abandoned, 2.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. S. ELDER,

Captain, First U. S. Artillery, Commanding Battery B.

Major C. C. ABELL,

Chief of Artillery, Twenty-fourth Army Corps.

Numbers 247. Report of Lieutenant Charles P. Muhlenberg, Battery A, First U. S. Artillery.

RICHMOND, VA., April 26, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the operations of Battery A, Fifth U. S. Artillery, commencing March 27, 1865, and ending April 25, 1865, the date of the arrival of my battery at this post.

March 27, broke camp near First Division headquarters, Twenty-fourth Army Corps, at dusk, crossed James River during the night, and the Appomattox at daylight the following morning. March 29, took up position vacated by batteries of the Second Army Corps. Took up position on the evening of April 1 in front of interior line of defense of scout side of Petersburg. Marched with First Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps, to vicinity of Appomattox Court-House, nothing of not incident to battery transpiring. April 9, battery in position; left and center sections engaged with the enemy's extreme right. April 17, left Appomattox Court-House for Burkeville; road heavy; animals suffering severely. April 22, left Burkeville for Richmond; road good; animals not diseased recuperating.

I have no casualties in action to report. My losses have been 5 men (4 by desertion, 1 by accident), and 27 horses by decease and exhaustion.

Of the conduct of the men of the battery, composed of regulars various periods of enlistments, and volunteers of different organizations, I can speak in arms of highest commendation.

Respectfully submitted.

CHAS. P. MUHLENBERG,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battery.

Major C. C. ABELL,

Chief of Artillery, Twenty-fourth Corps, Army of the James.

