
Ripley's brigade were, of course, of vital importance in restoring quiet and subduing the fire. From that time until relieved by the major-general commanding I was mainly engaged in restoring the wheels of government, and in taking care of the destitute in the manner directed by him. The first troops to reach the city were the two companies (E and H) of the Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry who were the escort to Major Stevens and Graves, and their guidons' were the first national colors displayed over the city. Next came the pickets of the Twenty fourth Corps. After that, as I was in the city and not on the outskirts, I do not know what came, and is a matter of dispute, both divisions claiming the credit.

During all these operations I had the hearty and zealous co-operation of every officer under me.

I desire particularly to mention Brigadier General Charles Devens and Brigadier General George F. Shepley. They both, by most untiring vigilance, labor, and alertness, assisted me in the highest degree,and both particularly distinguished themselves in the above respects, and I earnestly recommend both for the brevet of major-general. Both have good claim to it, from length of faithful service in their present rank.

My casualties during these operations were about 90, of which 10 were killed, 40 wounded, and 40 captured by the enemy.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel E. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Virginia.

Numbers 249. Report of Bvt. General Richard H. Jackson, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Twenty-fifth Army Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Near Petersburg, Va., April 28, 1865.

COLONEL: In obedience to instructions from department headquarters of the 24th instant I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my division since leaving the north side of the James. As I did not take command of the division until the 10th instant its operations prior to that date are contained in the reports of the brigade commanders, which are very full, and are herewith inclosed.

On the 10th instant, at Appomattox Court-House, I was appointed to command this division, and was ordered to march it to Petersburg. I commenced the march on the 11th instant and arrived near the present encampment on the 17th instant. The march from Appomattox Court-House to this place was performed under unusual difficulties. The roads to Burkeville Junction were in very bad order, and the horses and mules in the supply and brigade trains and the battery attached were the worst I have ever seen in the army; they were hardly able to haul the empty wagons. In this connection I think it proper to state that the animals were without forage when I started from Appomattox Court-House, and that no provision was made by the chief quartermaster for supplying them along the line of march, in fact the

