
train must have been entirely forgotten by him. On my own solicitation I received one day's forage from the chief quartermaster of the Army of the Potomac at Burkeville Junction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. JACKSON,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Bvt. Colonel E. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Virginia.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Camp Lincoln, Va., May 14, 1865.

Major D. D. WHEELER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twenty-fifth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to bring to the notice of the major-general commanding as worthy of promotion by brevet in the army the following-named officers:

Major Lewis S. Banres, Ninth U. S. Colored Troops, division inspector, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for highly meritorious services since his connection with this division and for his ability, energy, and faithful conduct since its organization to the present time. As this promotion is well deserved I earnestly hope it will be made.

Surg. C. P. Heichhold, Eighth U. S. Colored Troops, chief medical officer of the division, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for highly meritorious services during the last campaign in Virginia against the rebels.

Colonel James Shw, jr., Seven U. S. Colored Troops, commanding First Brigade, to be brigadier-general by brevet for meritorious services during the recent campaign from March 27 to April 9, 1865.

Colonel W. w. Woodward, One hundred and sixteenth U. s. Colored Troops, commanding Third Brigade, to be brigadier-general by brevet for meritorious services during the recent campaign from March 27 to April 9, 1865.

Colonel L. F. Haskell, Forty-first U. S. Colored Troops, to be brigadier-general by brevet for gallant and meritorious conduct in action April 2 and 9, 1865.

Major Thomas Wright, Thirty-first U. S. Colored Troops, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for meritorious services during the recent campaign from March 27 to April 9, 1865.

Captain William V. Smith, Seventh U. S. Colored Troops, to be major by brevet for gallant and meritorious conduct in the attack on Fort Gilmer September 29, 1864. Captain Smith is now suffering from wounds received in that action.

Captain Thomas McCarty, Seventh U. S. Colored Troops, to be major by brevet for gallant and meritorious conduct in the attack on Fort Gilmer September 29, 1864.

Captain Charles L. Rice, Seventh U. S. Colored Troops, brigade inspector, to be major by brevet for meritorious services during the recent campaign from March 27 to April 9, 1865.

Captain Frank F. Newland, Eighth U. S. Colored Troops, to be major by brevet for gallant services in action April 2 and 9, 1865, and for meritorious conduct during the whole of the recent campaign.

Captain Fred. A. Chapman, Twenty-ninth U. S. Colored Troops, to be major by brevet for meritorious services during the recent campaign from March 27 to April 9, 1865.

