
March 28 [27].-Joined Army of the Potomac near Petersburg.

March 29.-Marched to Dinwiddie Court-House.

March 30.-Engaged the enemy near Five Forks.

March 31.-Fought the enemy (Pickett's division) all day at Five Forks.

April 1.-Engaged the enemy's cavalry and a division (Pickett's) of infantry at Five Forks, and after seven hours' hard fighting, captured their works, with 2 pieces of artillery,- battle-flags, and over 1,000 prisoners.

April 2.-Gained the South Side Railroad; engaged the enemy at Scott's farm.

April 3.-Marched to near Dennsville.

April 4.-Attacked the enemy near Finney's Mills; fought until late, and marched all night.

April 5.-Marched to near Burkeville.

April 6.-Attacked the enemy's wagon train and fought all day, capturing a number of prisoners, and encamped near Sailor's Creek.

April 7.-Marched through Prince Edward Court-House and encamped near Prospect Station.

April 8.-Engaged the enemy near Appomattox Court-House; skirmishing all night.

April 9.-Engaged the enemy at daybreak and fought until 10 a. m., when General Lee surrendered his army.

April 10.-Returned to Prospect Station.

April 11.-Returned to near Prince Edward Court-House.

April 12.-Returned to near Burkeville Station.

April 13.-Returned to Nottoway Court-House.

April 14, 15, and 16.-Remained in camp.

April 17.-Marched to near Ford's Station, on South Side Railroad.

April 18.-Marched to near Petersburg and encamped.

April 19 and 20.-Remained in camp.

April 21.-Moved in camp.

April 22 and 23.-Remained in camp.

April 24.-Marched at 6 a. m. on the Boydton road.

April 25.-Marched to Meherrin River.

April 26.-Marched to near Boydton.

April 27.-Marched to Abbyville.

April 28.-Crossed the Staunton River.

April 29.-Recrossed the river and encamped.

April 30.-Marched to near Keys's Station, on Danville railroad.

Reserve Brigade, First Cavalry Division.

January 4.-Received orders from division headquarters to go into winter quarters.

January 6.-Colonel Crownishield returned from leave and assumed command of brigade.

January 12.-Major McKendry, Second Massachusetts Cavalry, four officers and 200 men, went on reconnaissance to Strasburg, returning same day; reported no indications of enemy.

January 15.-Brigadier-General Gibbs relieved from command of division (by return of Brevet Major-General Merritt) and assumed command of brigade.

January 17.-Brigade reviewed and inspected by Brevet Major-General Merritt (present, Major-General Emory, Brevet Major-General Torbert, and Brigadier-General Fessenden.)

