
Captain Ira H. Evans, One hundred and sixteenth U. S. Colored Troops, brigade inspector, to be major by brevet for gallant services in action on the 2nd and 9th of april, 1865, and for meritorious conduct during the last seven months.

Captain Marshall H. Twitchell, One hundred and ninth U. S. Colored Troops, to be major by brevet for meritorious services during the recent campaign from March 27 to April 9, 1865.

Captain Charles Kireker, One hundred and sixteenth U. S. Colored Troops, to be major by brevet for meritorious services during the recent campaign from March 27 to April 9, 1865.

First Lieutenant Francis H. Taggart, Eighth U. S. Colored Troops, to be captain by brevet for meritorious services during the recent campaign from March 27 to April 9, 1865.

First Lieutenant William H. Brooks, Eighth U. S. Colored Troops, to be captain by brevet for conspicuous gallantry in action October 13, 1864, to be major by brevet for gallant services in action on the 2nd and 9th days of April, 1865, and for meritorious conduct during the last seven months.

First Lieutenant M. T. Kelly, One hundred and sixteenth U. S. Colored Troops, to be captain by brevet for meritorious services during the recent campaign from March 27 to April 9, 1865.

First Lieutenant James M. Lyon, Forty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops, to be captain by brevet for meritorious services during the last seven months and for gallant conduct in action April 2 and 9, 1865.

The services of Colonel E. Martindale, Eighty-first U. S. Colored Troops, are believed to have been of great value during the rebellion. Although not having served under my immediate command I think that his claims for promotion should be consider. I therefore respectfully recommend, if it meets the views of the major-general commanding, that he be nominated for promotion by brevet to the rank of brigadier-general.

I respectfully invite the attention of the major-general commanding to the letter of Colonel James Shaw, jr., of April 20, 1865, advocating the promotion of Surg. C. P. Heichhold, Eighth U. S. Colored Troops, and to my own indorsement of May 2, 1865, on that letter, which is herewith inclosed.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. JACKSON,

Brevet Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Numbers 250. Report of Surg. Charles P. Heichhold, Eighth U. S. Colored Troops, Surgeon-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS MEDICAL DEPARTMENT, SECOND DIVISION, TWENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Petersburg, Va., April 25, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the medical department of this division in the recent campaign of the armies operating against Richmond:

When the division was ordered to march from Chaffin's farm on the 27th ultimo, I was furnished by Surg. W. a. Conover, medical director, Twenty-fifth Army Corps, the following transportation: Nineteen two-horse ambulances, three medical supply teams, two teams for forage, one Autenreith wagon; four ambulances additional joined us near Fords

