
Station, making a total of twenty-three ambulances. The division was well equipped and in good physical condition. The Autenreith wagon was well stored with medicines and hospital supplies, and the teams laden with tent flies, blankets, &amp;c., sufficient to provide for the sick and wounded in any emergency which was likely to rise. I several times provided hospital accommodations for several hundred patients, but happily they were not needed. The casualties in the division were as follows: Wounded, officers 1; men, 30; total, 31. Killed, men, 4. Aggregate loss, 35. There were treated on the march on account of sickness, officers, 23; men, 185; total, 208; with the following result: Returned to duty, officers, 19; men, 89; total, 108. Of the sick and wounded there were sent to the following places, to be forwarded to general hospital: To Humphreys' Station, 14; to field hospital Twenty-fourth Army Corps, 6; to Warren's Station, 11; to Wilson's Station, South Side Railroad, 55; to Burkeville Junction, 33; to field hospital Twenty-fifth Army Corps, 8; total, 127. With the sick and wounded left at Wilson's Station, I left an assistant surgeon, with 1 field pannier, 2 hospital tent flies, 1 ambulance, and 400 rations, and wish to direct your attention to the fact that Surgeon Ainsworth, U. S. Army, took from the assistant surgeon in whose charge I had left them the ambulance, flies, and pannier, and I have not been able to find any trace of him or the property he so unauthorizely took away.

Taking into consideration the fact that the greater portion of the command is composed of men who had never endured the hardships of a campaign, I am highly gratified with the manner in which they passed through this one. In an experience of more than three years I never witnessed greater powers of endurance. There was no straggling, and the men were constantly in the best of spirits. The command is now in good sanitary condition. The medical officers of this division discharged their duties faithfully, but I am particularly indebted to Surg. L. H. Gratigny, of the One hundred and ninth U. s. Colored Troops, and Surg. William H. Egle, of the One hundred and sixteenth U. S. Colored Troops, for their zeal in caring for the sick and wounded. To Chaplain Johnson, One hundred and twenty-seventh U. S. Colored Troops, I am also under deep obligations for his untiring attention and care in providing for their wants, thus placing him in strong contrast with the other chaplains of the division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. P. HEICHHOLD,

Surgeon Eighth U. S. Colored Troops.

Surgeon-in-Chief Second Division, Twenty-fifth Army Corps.

Captain IRA H. EVANS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 251. Report of Lieutenant Dilwyn V. Purington, Seventh U. S. Colored Troops, Acting Assistant Quartermaster.

OFFICE ACTING ASSISTANT QUARTERMASTER,

SECOND DIVISION, TWENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

April 27, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from the brevet brigadier-general commanding I have the honor to submit the following report of the transactions in my department during the recent campaign:

I took charge of the quartermaster's department of this division on the 27th of March, in obedience to orders from Brigadier-General

