
showed himself a brave officer. My regimental commanders-Colonel L. F. Haskell, Forty-first U. S. Colored Troops; Colonel and Bvt. Brigadier General S. C. Armstrong, Eighth U. S. Colored Troops; Lieutenant Colonel James Giving, One hundred and twenty-seventh U. S. Colored Troops; and Major Theo. C. Glazier, Forty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops-by their coolness under fire and good management of their regiments, proved themselves most valuable officers. Lieutenants Morgan, Brooks, Lyon, and Schively, of my staff, conducted themselves at all times most bravely and creditably.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ULYSSES DOUBLEDAY,

Brevet Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain I. H. EVANS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 255. Report of Colonel Samuel C. Armstrong, Eighth U. S. Colored Troops.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH U. S. COLORED TROOPS,Near Petersburg, Va., April 20, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Eighth U. S. Colored Troops in the late campaign:

The regiment crossed the James River at Varina Landing March 29 [28], 1865; the following day marched to Hatcher's Run, and there encamped before the defenses of Petersburg. On the 31st was ordered as a support to General Turner's provisional division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps. The day after massed for an attack on the defenses of Petersburg. On the morning of the 2nd entered the outer line of works, which had been abandoned by the enemy, and marched at once to the interior and principal line protecting the city; massed for an attack on one of the main forts; sent forth Captains Newland and Camp with their companies as skirmishers, who advanced handsomely and close up to the enemy's works, driving their skirmishers, this under a brisk fire of musketry and shells. The order for attack was countermanded. Early on the morning of the 3rd the regiment was deployed as skirmishers, with orders to press the enemy's works and ascertain if they were still present and develop their strength. The line advanced just before daylight and found the enemy's works abandoned; took possession of three pieces of artillery and several caissons and wagons left in the works. Captain Camp, Company I, was first to enter the line, immediately followed by Major Pell. The regiment was at once advanced on and into Petersburg, receiving a number of deserters and a most cheering and hearty welcome from the colored inhabitants of the city, whom their presence had made free. Same day (3rd) marched to Sutherland's Station, on the Cox road. The day after was train guard. On the 5th, 6th, and 7th made severe marches. Reported to General Foster on the 8th, and made a long and most exhausting march of thirty-five miles. April 9, moved out of camp at 3 a. m., and shortly afterward were ordered to the support of Sheridan's cavalry, which was retreating in disorder and attempting to break through our line. Formed line of battle; arrested the progress of the enemy. Captain Newland at once deployed his company as skirmishers,

