
and assisted in driving back the enemy's skirmishers and line of battle. Soon after marched to another position on the left, where it remained to April 11. On that day marched for Petersburg, arriving at the defenses of the city April 17, 1865.

It is impossible to name any officers as having specially distinguished themselves, all were so zealous and efficient in the discharge of their duties.

I am, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

S. C. ARMSTRONG,

Colonel Eighth U. S. Colored Troops.

Lieutenant LYON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 256. Report of Colonel Lowellyn F. haskell, Forty-first U. S. Colored Troops.
HEADQUARTERS FORTY-FIRST U. S. COLORED TROOPS,April 20, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Forty-first U. S. Colored Troops in the operations resulting in the capture of the rebel Army of Northern Virginia and the return of the regiment to Petersburg:

At dusk on the 27th of March the regiment ook its place in the brigade column, and, marching all night, halted at 7.30 a. m. near Birney's Station for several hours on the morning of the 28th, and bivouacked near Hancock's Station at 8 p. m. On the 29th the regiment marched to Humphreys' Station, where it bivouacked at 2 p. m. On the 30th the regiment moved out the rifle-pits at 7 a. m., and back in a heavy rain. At 3.30 p. m. passed through the rifle-pits and formed line at 4 p. m. at the edge of the woods in our front. At dark moved to the rear of Colonel Woodward's brigade, where 500 men were detailed from the regiment to thrown up rifle-points in our front, from which duty they returned at 1.30 a. m. on the 31st. At daybreak moved back to the first position of yesterday afternoon. It rained hard this morning. From 9.30 a. m. till 12 m. there was brisk skirmishing in our front. The regiment was relieved by the Eighth U. S. Colored Troops at 11 a. m., and moved to the rear, remaining in reserve until 1 p. m., when I moved to the right and commenced a line of rifle-pits at the point wee Colonel Fairchild's brigade lay. At 6 p. m. the regiment was relieved by the One hundred and sixteenth U. S. Colored Troops. The regiment was paid during the night, and returned to the line at 5 a. m. April 1. At 9 a. m. moved to the right near the place I left last night, and cut a road through the slashing to division headquarters, and continued work on the rifle-pits, remaining here all night. On the 2nd instant, at 8 a. m., moved to the left, and at 8.30 a. m. entered the enemy's works in our front, which they had just abandoned, then moved to the right inside their works toward Petersburg. At 12.45 p. m. formed in line on the right of the Cox road. At 1.15 p. m. moved to the right, passing the forty captured by the Twenty-fourth Corps, and at 2 p. m. formed line, unsung knapsacks, and prepared to charge Battery Numbers 45, in our front, and lay here under a shell fire for two hours, when we moved back a little and bivouacked for the night.

On the 3rd the men were awakened at 3 a. m., ant at 4.30 a. m. followed the Eighth U. S. Colored Troops (which advanced as skirmishers)

