
toward the for tin our front, and finding their works abandoned by the enemy I entered the, and turning to the right marched into Petersburg, leaving guards to protect all inhabited houses, by order of General Birney. At 6.15 a. m., having passed through the city, halted close to the river. Started again at 7.30 a. m., and, moving out by the Cox road, bivouacked at 7 p. m. eleven miles from Petersburg. On the 4th the regiment started at 4 a. m., marched all day, and just after dark bivouacked near Spain's house. On the 5th the regiment was detailed as train guard, and started just after daylight, reaching Blacks and Whites Station at 2.30 p. m., where we bivouacked for the night. On the 6th, starting at 4.45 a. m., at 8.30 a. m. passed through Nottoway Court-House; at 3 p. m. halted at Burkeville one hour for dinner, then marched toward the front till 8.30 a. m., when we bivouacked not far from the High Bridge. On the 7th the regiment was up at 3.30 a. m.; started for the front at daylight; at 6 a. m. halted on General Turner's left; at 8 a. m. moved forward, and at 8.30 a. m. forded Sandy River; at 10 a. m. crossed another considerable stream, moved to the left in the rain, and stood in it three hours while the other troops were crossing a little stream on logs, and at 5 p. m., after a hard march without dinner, reached Farmville, where we bivouacked for the night. My men were very much fatigued by this day's march.

On the 8th the regiment was up at .230 a. m.; at 6.30 a. m. passed through Farmville and joined General Foster's division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps; halted two hours for dinner near Prospect Depot. At 5.30 p. m. passed through Walker's Church, and leaving here marched till 1.30 a. m. on the 9th instant, when we halted for supper till 3 a. m. near Appomattox Court-House, when we moved to the front, halting at General Sheridan's headquarters at 5 a. m. for two hours, then moving to the front. We had not marched far before the cavalry, on our right flank (as we marched), were driven in, and the regiment, facing by the rear rank, advanced in line through the strip of wood the cavalry had left, then lay down, and sent A and one platoon of F Company to the front as skirmishers. They advanced, driving the enemy from the fields in our front, and crossing them, they held the edge of the woods on the farther side for an hour, until order to rejoin the regiment, when relieved by General Turner's skirmishers. They behaved very handsomely. At 9.30 a. m. moved to the left and formed part of the second line of General Foster's division, and followed the movements of his first line until 11 a. m., when we heard that General Lee had surrendered, and moving a little to the right remained here all night. April 10, remained in camp all this rainy day. On the 11th, starting at 5 a. m., passed through Appomattox Court-House at 6 a. m.; at 6 p. m. bivouacked at Prospect Depot. On the 12th, starting at 7 a. m., at 3 p. m. passed through Farmville in the cadenced step, and bivouacked near the High Brigade at dark. On the 12th, starting at 7 a. m about nine miles from Burkeville. On the 14th, starting at 7. 30 a. m., at 11 a. m. passed thorough Burkeville, and at 6 p. m. bivouacked two miles and a half from the junction. On the 15th, starting at 7 a. m., in a heavy rainstorm, at 1.45 [p. m] we passed through Nottoway Court-House, and at 4 p. m. bivouacked five miles from this little town. On the 16th, starting at 7.45 a. m., we bivouacked at 6.30 p. m. at Ford's Station. On the 17th Major Cheney and six companies of the regiment were detailed as train guard. Starting with the other four companies at 7.45 a. m., I bivouacked near the signal tower, just inside our old lines, three miles from Petersburg, at 7.30 p. m.

