
January 18.- Brigadier-General Gibbs, on fifteen days' leave of absence; Colonel Crownishield, Second Massachusetts Cavalry, temporarily commanding brigade.

January 20.-One hundred and seventy-six recruits and remounted men joined the Second Massachusetts Cavalry from Pleasant Valley, Md.

January 21.-The Second U. S. Cavalry started for Hagerstown, Md., pursuant to orders, to relieve the Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

January 22.-Ninety-three recruits joined the Sixth U. S. Cavalry.

January 26.-Colonel Crownishield, Second Massachusetts Cavalry, commanding division; Captain Rumery, Second Massachusetts Cavalry, commanding brigade.

January 29.-The Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry reported from Hagerstown, Md. Major Leiper, Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, assumed command of brigade.

January 31.-Colonel Crowninshield relieved from command of division by Colonel Stagg, First Michigan Cavalry, and assumed command of brigade.

February 1.-The brigade formed with corps and was reviewed by Major-General Sheridan; Colonel Crownishield, Second Massachusetts Cavalry, in command of brigade. Furnished the usual number of officers and men for picket duty during the month.

February 27.-Started with fifteen day's rations, under command of Brigadier-General Gibbs, at 7 a. m., up the Shenandoah Valley, moving with the First and Third Division and First Brigade of the Second Division; traveled thirty miles and encamped at Woodstock.

February 28.-Marched to Laurel [Lacey's] Spring, and encamped at 3.30 a. m. on March 1.

March 1.-Moved from camp at Laurel [Lacey's] Spring with corps and continued with it, passing through Staunto, Waynesborough, and Rockfish Gap, in Blue Ridge, Brooksville, to Charlottesville.

March 3.-The First Rhode Island Cavalry was sent to Winchester, Va., as a part guard of prisoners and guns captured by Third Division at Wayenesborough.

March 6.-The brigade, as a part of First Division, was sent to Scottsville, New Market, and Bent Creek bridge, returning, via Howardsville, to Scottsville. The brigade participated largely, in the destruction of property, while the division was burning mills, warehouses, factories, forges, and Confederate stores and subsistence of all kinds, as well as working vigorously in destroying the James River Canal, locks, boats, &amp;c. Again moved with corps and passing through Columbia, Tolersville, Frederick's hall Junction, Taylorsville, to South Anna River. Bridges on Richmond and Petersburg [Fredericksburg] and Virginia Central Railroad were destroyed.

March 14.-The fifth United States and Second Massachusetts Cavalry captured three pieces of artillery, turning them on the enemy.

March 15.-Moved across the river and remained in position, skirmishing with the enemy. Squadron of Second Massachusetts Cavalry sent to Hanover Court-House.

March 16.-Marched through Chesterfield Station, Manghohick Church, Aylett's, King William Court-House, to White House, arriving at 2 p. m. March 18.

The trip from Winchester to White House was fatiguing to both horses and men in the utmost degree, the command marching over the very worst of roads, without transportation and scantily supplied with subsistence. Its results, however, are apparent to all, and fully compensate the suffering experienced.

