
Both officers and men deserve my hearty commendation for their excellent soldierly behavior upon these long and often very fatiguing force marches, notwithstanding the loss of much sleep and frequently being on short rations, as well as upon the several occasions when the regiment was under fire.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEWELLYN F. HASKELL,

Colonel Forty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops.

Lieutenant JAMES M. LYON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 257. Report of Major Theodore C. Glazier, Forty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops.
HEADQUARTERS FORTY-FIFTH U. S. COLORED TROOPS,In the Field, Va., April 18, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the Forty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops during the late campaign, ending April 17, 1865:

On the 25th [27th] of March, 1865, the regiment broke camp near Fort Harrison, Va., and marched to a position southwest of Petersburg. On April 3, at 5 a. m., it entered Petersburg, having been shelled slightly by the enemy on the previous day, with a loss of but four wounded, one seriously. The march was resumed the day following and continued until the 9th, when Lee surrendered. Nothing of interest occurred on the return march.

The officers and men, with but one exception in the former grade, behaved as well during the march to and from the place of surrender as could reasonable be expected under the circumstances.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. C. GLAZIER,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant JAMES M. LYON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 258.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel James Givin, One hundred and twenty-seventh U. S. Colored Troops.
HEADQUARTERS 127TH U. S. COLORED TROOPS,Near Petersburg, Va., April 22, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and twenty-seventh Regiment U. S. Colored Troops in the recent active campaign:

On the afternoon of Wednesday, March 29, 1865, the regiment was for the first time drawn up in line of battle, with a prospect of engaging the enemy on the west side of Hatcher's Run, and in support of Foster's division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps. Skirmishing continued throughout the night, but the regiment was not engaged. At night a

