
Battery 45. Was preparing to advance upon the enemy's works at 6.30, when the order was countermanded. The troops rested for the night, except the party detailed to construct a new line.

April 3, at 4 a. m. were again in motion, advancing toward Battery 45; passed through their line, the skirmish line of the enemy retiring in my front without firing a shot. The head of my column arriving in Petersburg at 5.10 a. m., I was ordered forward immediately in pursuit of Lee; moved on the Cox road; continued the march uninterrupted (except he fatigue and hunger incident to marches of such a character). This a. m. the One hundred and sixteenth U. S. Colored Troops, Colonel Laird commanding,was ordered to report to First Brigade.

April 4, at Wilson's the One hundred and sixteenth again ordered to report to me. The 5th, 6th, and 7th, with long and fatiguing marches, bring us to Farmville. At this point I was ordered, with my command, to report to Brevet Major-General Turner, commanding Second Division, Twenty-fourth army Corps. The march of the 8th instant brings us near Appomattox Court-House; encamped near South Side Railroad. Early a. m. of the 9th instant in motion, moving toward Appomattox Court-House; arriving near that place my command was ordered on the left of General Foster's division, to connect with his right. A staff officer of General Gibbon informed me the enemy were massing on our left, evidently intending to flank us. The double-quick was ordered, the troops advancing splendidly, but was soon checked by General Custer's division of cavalry crossing the road parallel to me. As soon as possible moved to position, deployed, and advanced in line-One hundred and sixteenth on the right, Thirty-first the left, and Twenty-ninth the center. The line advanced in splendid order, driving the enemy's line of skirmishers back to their main line. Their right gave way as we advanced. Their whole [line] receded into a dense woods in their rear, which was soon evacuated by them. We had advanced one mile. Orders were received that a flag of truce was received asking a suspension of hostilities. The terms having been agreed upon went into camp near the court-house. April 10, was ordered to report to Brevet Brigadier-General Jackson, who had been assigned to command Second Division. April 11, was ordered to move back to Petersburg; arrived there the 17th instant.

During this short but very successful campaign the troops endured the privations, fatigue, and hunger with a commendable spirit.

the casualties of the command are 6 killed, 9 wounded. Although very often exposed to the enemy's fire, their practice was generally inaccurate and only occasionally any harm was the result.

I beg leave to call the attention of the general commanding to the promptness and efficiency of the regiment commanders in executing my orders at a time valor and courage must have been required, and, with few exceptions, the unwearied labor and zeal of all the officers of the command. I also desire to bear testimony to the promptness and skill of the officers of my staff in their untiring labors to promote the interest of the command, and in conveying order with accuracy and haste when and where required; also to the good conduct generally of the enlisted men of the command, during a period of severe marching, and reduction of rations, amounting to almost absolute destitution.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. WOODWARD,

Colonel 116th U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding Brigade.

Captain I. H. EVANS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

