
woods, mounted. The Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry also charged mounted, and behaved very well. We went into camp for the night on the battle-field.

Moved the next morning to Gravelly Ford, on Hatcher's Run, and after skirmishing with the enemy, strongly posted on the opposite bank, were ordered to proceed to Ford's Station; crossed Hatcher's run and moved in the direction of the Namozine road, reporting to General Merritt; went into camp for the night near the Namozine road.

On the 3rd instant the command moved to the Appomattox, at two points-the lower at Leonard's Mills, the other three miles higher up the stream-picking up about 300 prisoners and taking 4 guns, the guns and most of the prisoners being captured by Major Baker's command of the First District of Columbia Cavalry. Here a battalion of the First Maryland Cavalry, under the command of Major Von Koerber, wee temporarily detached as eh escort of General Sheridan. This command took a number of prisoners while so detached. The command after reaching Leonard's Mills retraced its steps to the Namozine road and moved to the vicinity of Deep Creek.

On the 4th of April the division moved in advanced, crossing Deep Creek. After a sharp skirmish, in which the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry and the First District of Columbia Cavalry were principally engaged, reached Five Forks, about a mile from Amelia Court-House, near which point, after a sharp skirmish, the First Maryland Cavalry having the advance and taking the most active part, we went into camp. I received information from many and different sources that the main body of General Lee's army was at this time at or in the immediate vicinity of Amelia Court-House, and during the night received orders from General Sheridan to remain where I was, to be watchful and demonstrate, but not push the enemy. This was done to the best of my ability. On the 5th and during the afternoon I made a demonstration with Colonel Evans' brigade, which caused the enemy to attack with a strong force of infantry, but without their inflicting any damage beyond the loss of a few men.

I have reason to believe that the enemy were considerable delayed in their movements by our skirmishing at Amelia Court-House, and during our skirmishing they there destroyed a large amount of ammunition and other ordnance property, caissons, limbers, &amp;c.

On the 6th, 7th, and 8th the command moved by rapid marches through Jetersville, Burkeville, and Prince Court-House the advance Appomattox Station. At Prince Edward Court-House the advance had a slight skirmish and took some thirty prisoners. The advance consisted of the First District of Columbia Cavalry and a part of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry.

On the morning of the 9th the command, now consolidated into one brigade, was moved to the left of General Crook's division at a point about one mile and a half from Appomattox Court-House and immediately on the road to Lynchburg. The command was during this time properly reporting to Major-General Ord, I having, in compliance with orders, reported to him on the 6th instant, but as many miles intervened usually between this command and the other troops of the Army of the James, I acted generally under orders of Major-General Sheridan, and on this occasion, by his direction, under those of Major-General Crook. By his directions I sent the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry some distance to the left of the road to guard the left flank. Soon afterward the enemy attacked. I was ordered by General Crook, through one of

