
his staff, to withdraw slowly when it became necessary, as it would be, he stated, very soon. The enemy had for some time been moving a column of cavalry to our left and rear, while he attacked with infantry in front. There would have been no trouble in repulsing the enemy from our immediate front, but the attack came so soon after our arrival that the connection which I had commenced establishing between my right and General Crook's left could not be made. The Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, the First District of Columbia Cavalry, and the First Maryland Cavalry were dismounted and forme din line across the road, and after some sharp firing were slowly withdrawn down the road. A section of Battery M, First U. S. Artillery, which had been doing excellent service, was sent to the rear. Colonel Evans was directed previous to the withdrawal of the Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry to take his men down the road, mount them as soon as possible and return. Some unauthorized person, however, moved the colonel's horses such a long distance to the rear that he was much delayed in remounting his men, and the same mentioned individual sent Lieutenant Olcott, with one piece of his section, down a road to the left as we fell back, where this piece was captured by the enemy, who, finding a line on the road which they could not readily break, pushed round the flanks and came upon this gun in a narrow road in the woods, several hundred yards in rear of the line, but to the left retiring. The other piece of this section was never captured. About this time the Twenty-fourth Corps arrived, and the command was extricated from a very dangerous position.

In conclusion, with reference to this skirmish I will state that I withdrew much more slowly before a very much superior force of the enemy than I otherwise should have done, from my knowledge that it was very important that the road should be held till our infantry arrived, which I knew must happen early in the day.

Immediately after the arrival of the Twenty-fourth Army Corps I was directed to move my command down the road from Appomattox Court-House to Lynchburg, in the direction of Lunchburg, to assist General Davies, who was at that time strongly pressed by the cavalry referred to as having passed round my left flank. After some skirmishing, and when we were about to attack the enemy, news was brought of the suspension of hostilities. We remained in the vicinity of Appomattox Court-House until the 12th of April.

On the evening of the 10th Lieutenant Fitzpatrick, with eighth enlisted men of the Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, was sent to Lynchburg. On the 11th he returned, bringing with him a delegation of citizens to see about the surrender of the place. When he entered the place there were about 3,500 rebels there; quite a number of company organizations. On the 14th of april the command moved to Lynchburg, when the place was formally surrendered to this command. There was there a large amount of military stores, which fell into the hands of this command, and was turned over by Lieutenant-Colonel Stratton, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, to Lieutenant-Colonel Potter, Thirty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers of General Turner's division, when the infantry arrived on the following day. Among the material were 56 field pieces, 6 heavy guns, 40 mortars, 75 caissons, 15,000 muskets, and a large quantity of ammunition, commissary and quartermaster stores.

While the command was at Lynchburg a squadron of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, under Captain Elliott (temporarily detached), secured 30 prisoners, 1 battle-flag, and 36 gun carriages and caissons in the vicinity of Red Oak Church. Leaving Lynchburg on the 16th

