
the command moved, via Burkeville and Goode's Brigade, to Richmond, where it arrived on the 24th of April.

In conclusion I cannot speak too highly of the good conduct of the officers and enlisted men of the command during the entire campaign. I desire to call the attention of the department commander particularly to the names of Colonel a. W. Evans, commanding the First Maryland Cavalry; Major J. Stannard Baker, commanding First District of Columbia Cavalry; Lieutenant Colonel Franklin A. Stratton, commanding Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry-all zealous, capable, and brave officers. I also take this opportunity of stating that, as far as I have been able to ascertain, no blame should be attached to Lieutenant E. W. Olcott, Battery M, First U. S. Artillery, for the loss of the piece belonging to his section. he behaved very handsomely while in action, and his piece was, as before stated, lost by his being directed on a wrong road. I have before taken occasion to call the attention of the department commander to the services of Colonel Robert M. West, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

I inclose a list of officers who, in my opinion, deserve promotion by brevet. Full list of casualties has already been forwarded.*

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RONALD. S. MACKENZIE,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Bvt. Colonel ED. W. SMITH.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY BRIGADE, ARMY OF THE JAMES,Near Richmond, Va., May 7, 1865.

Bvt. Colonel E. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward the names of the following officers, belonging to this command, for whom I request promotion by brevet for services rendered during the past campaign: Major James E. McFarlan, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, to be brevet lieutenant-colonel for gallant conduct at Amelia Court-House April 4, 1865. Captain Euphronous P. Ring, Company A, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, to be brevet major for gallant and meritorious conduct at the battle of Five Forks, Va., April 1, 1865. Captain John S Nimmon, company d, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, to be brevet major for gallant and meritorious conduct at the battle of Five Forks, Va., April 1, 1865. Captain H. W. Paul, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, to be brevet major for gallant and meritorious conduct at Gravelly Ford, Va., April 2, 1865, and at Amelia Court-House, Va., April 5, 1865. First Lieutenant P. Byron Stokes, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, to be brevet captain for personal gallantry and meritorious conduct April 1, 1865, during the engagement for possession of the South Side Railroad. Second Lieutenant Terrence Fitzpatrick, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, to be brevet first lieutenant and brevet captain for personal gallantry in the engagement near Appomattox Court-House, Va., April 9, 1865, and for bravery and good judgment displayed by him while commanding a scouting party of eight men of his regiment in penetrating the enemy's country

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 597.

---------------

