
from Appomattox Court-House, Va., as far as Lynchburg, Va., and receiving from the inhabitants of that town a tender of submission to the national authority April 10 and 11, 1865.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RONALD S. MACKENZIE,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Additional: I have already recommended for promotion Colonel Robert M. West, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry. If full promotion cannot be given him, I earnestly request that he may receive the brevet rank of brigadier-general, to date from April 1, 1865, for gallant and meritorious conduct at the battle of Five Forsk, Va.

Numbers 261. Report of Colonel Robert M. West, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,Near Richmond, Va., April 29, 1865.

SIR: I respectfully submit herewith a brief synopsis of the operations of this regiment during the late campaign.

Left camp near New Market Heights, Va., a dusk on the evening of Mach 28, 1865, crossing the Appomattox and James Rivers; arrived in camp late at night near Norfolk and Petersburg Railroad; strength, 21 officers and 545 enlisted men. At this camp Company G, Twentieth New York Cavalry, reported to me, having come up during the night from New Market Heights; strength of company, fifty-three aggregate. March 29, at 8 o'clock, marched to the left of the Petersburg lines, and encamped within those lines. Evening of same day resumed march and moved to a position in rear of the army, and near Reams' Station, on the Weldon railroad, where we bivouacked and remained dong picket duty until April 1. Left camp at 4 a. m. and marched to General Sheridan's command, near Dinwiddie Court-House. Took up position in support of a battery there; remained about one hour; resumed march, struck the enemy on White Oak road in about three hours; dismounted and had some skirmishing, capturing two prisoners. The Fifth Corps coming up, the regiment was mounted had taken into action on the right of our infantry, striking the enemy's left and rear. The regiment charged mounted (Company G, Twentieth New York Cavalry, participating) through the woods. The enemy gave way, threw down their arms, and fled. We captured many prisoners. Camped for the night on the battle-ground.

April 2, remained in vicinity of yesterday's fight, guarding Gravelly Ford, and skirmishing heavily with the enemy until noon, when march was resumed. Crossed South Side Railroad at Sutherland's Station; joined General Merritt's command; turned to the right; marched toward Petersburg until about 10 p. m., and encamped. April 3, marched at daylight; reached the Appomattox River, at Leonard's Mills, at about 10 a. m., in search of stragglers from the rebel forces driven from South Side Railroad; picked up eight; turned about and marched in direction of Amelia Court-House; encamped at about 9 p. m. April 4, resumed march at daylight; reached Deep Creek about 8 a. m.; found a force of the enemy's cavalry on the opposite side. There dismounted

