
to fight; enemy disappeared. Crossed Deep Creek and continued in direction of Amelia Court-House; found the enemy strongly posted within one mile of that place; skirmished sharply with them; bivouacked for the night. April 5, remained engaging the enemy's attention at Amelia Court-House, reconnoitering and skirmishing sharply. April 6, marched at daylight to Jetersville, arriving about 9 a. m.; moved out a short distance, following General Sheridan's cavalry, then turned back and marched to Burkeville Junction, arriving at about 4 p. m.; bivouacked near that point for the night. April 7, marched at 4 a. m. for Prince Edward Court-House, arriving about noon. Guarded the roads there and skirmished slightly with the enemy for about two hours. Resumed march, reaching Buffalo Creek at about 5 p. m.; bivouacked for the night. Company G, Twentieth New york Cavalry, was here detached from my command. April 8, crossed Buffalo Creek at 4 a. m., and marched toward Appomattox Court-House, via Prospect and Pamplin's Station. April 9, marched at sunrise toward Appomattox Court-House. In one hour came up with Sheridan's cavalry, heavily engaged with the enemy. Went in on the let; were repulsed and retired, meeting the Twenty-fourth Corps coming up. Went in on our left and rear, under General Davies; continued skirmishing heavily with the enemy until a truce was wounded between the two armies. Remained bivouacked on the battle ground until April 12.

April 10, Lieutenant Fitzpatrick with eight enlisted men were detached. April 11, Lieutenant Fitzpatrick and party returned, reporting that they had been to Lynchburg, and that the civil authorities proposed to surrender the place.

April 12, marched to Lynchburg, which was occupied without opposition. Remained at Lynchburg until April 16. Commenced the return from Lynchburg; bivouacked at Appomattox Station that night. April 17, bivouacked at Prospect Station. April 18, bivouacked near Farmville. April 19, 20, and 21, bivouacked near burkeville Junction. April 22, bivouacked at crossing of Appomattox River. April 23, bivouacked fifteen miles from Richmond. April 24, entered Richmond, and encamped on Mechanicsville turnpike, near Chickahominy River.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROB. M. WEST,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Major AUGUSTUS H. FENN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Brigade, Army of the James.

Numbers 262. Report of Major J. Stannard Baker, First District of Columbia Cavalry, Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIST DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CAVALRY,Camp near Richmond, Va., April 26, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this command from March 28 to April 24, 1865, as follows:

March 28, left camp on north side of James and moved to the south side of the Appomattox, in the direction of Hancock's Station, encamping near Reams' Station. Moved camp on the morning of the 1st of April at 3 o'clock as rear guard, with four days' rations and two

79 R R-VOL XLVI, PT I

