
March 19.-Crossed the river and remainder in camp until March 25, when the command marched to near Petersburg, arriving March 27.

March 29.-Left camp in front of Petersburg.

March 30.-The [brigade], being in advance, fought the enemy near Fiver Forks all day.

March 31.-The enemy's infantry, in large numbers, attacked the brigade about 1 p. m., breaking connection between it and the First and Second Brigades, First Division. The brigade fought dismounted until night-fall, falling back, with the corps, to near Dinwiddie Court-House, opposed to Pickett's division of infantry. The brigade lost heavily in officers and men this day. Bivouacked near the Court-House.

April 1.-Moved through Dinwiddie Court-House and participated in attack on enemy's works at Five Forks, the whole line advancing at 2 p. m. The brigade fought dismounted, and did its full share in the good work of that day. the Five Forks were carried by Devin's (First) division of cavalry.

April 2.-Moved to South Side Railroad; destroyed track, and, with corps, moved west, skirmishing with enemy at Exeter Mill again on the 4th.

April 6.-Fought enemy at Sailor's Creek.

April 8.-Overtook enemy; skirmishing, when the whole brigade went on picket.

April 9.-Attacked enemy (dismounted) early and vigorously, but as vigorously repulsed by a division of infantry. The line being relieved by the Corps, brigade was mounted and charged with on right of Third Division, until near the enemy's wagon train, when a flag of truce was received. From that bourn the brigade has done no fighting. During the twelve day's campaign, which terminated so gloriously in Lee's surrender, the brigade fought and marched by day and night, fully appreciating what was required of it, and assisted to the best of its ability in the vigorous prosecution of that portion of the war which reflects so much credit on all, from the lieutenant-general commanding the army to the rank and file of Sheridan's cavalry.

April 10.-Moved, with corps, by easy marches to Petersburg, encamp- ing four days at Nottoway Court-House, arriving April 18. Remained in camp, refitting, &amp;c., until the 24th. Moved early, marching rapidly for five days to near South Boston, Va.

April 20.-The Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry was taken from brigade for temporary duty at corps headquarters, and is not yet relieved (April 30).

April 29.-News of Johnston's surrender having been received, the corps countermarched en route to Petersburg.

April 30.-Encamped, with seventy-three miles yet to travel. The First U. S. Cavalry permanently detailed as General Sheridan's escort.

Second Cavalry Division.*

February.-No movements.

[March.].-The division was encamped near Winchester, Va., during the month, with no general movement.

April 4.-The division broke camp near Winchester and proceeded on a reconnaissance as far as Edenburg.

April 6.-Returned.

April 7.-Went into camp near Berryville, Va.

---------------

* Of the Department of West Virginia.

---------------

