
embraced in this report, being for several successive days almost continuously engaged in conflict with the enemy, our loss being only 1 officer severely wounded, 1 man severely wounded and 1 slightly, with 2 horses killed.

It is almost impossible to accurately locate by name the numerous places in which the command was brought into action, nor yet the exact time, as we have been many hours at a time engaging the enemy without the means of knowing the hour commencing or ending the engagement.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. STANDARD BAKER,

Major, Commanding First District of Columbia Cavalry and

Detachment of Twentieth New York Cavalry.

Major A. H. FENN,

Actq. Asst. Adjt. General Cavalry Brigade, Army of the James.

Numbers 263. Report of Colonel Andrew W. Evans, First Maryland Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST MARYLAND CAVALRY, CAVALRY BRIGADE, ARMY OF THE JAMES, Camp near Richmond, Va., April 29, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the First Maryland Cavalry in the recent campaign in Virginia:

The regiment, forming then a part of the Second Brigade, Cavalry Division, under Colonel Spear, left camp near New Market road on the evening of March 28, and bivouacked early the next morning at Hancock's Station, in front of Petersburg. The march was continued to a point on the old stage road from Petersburg to Dinwiddie Court-House near Arthur's Swampp, where it remained until the morning of April 1, when the regiment, with the rest of the division, was moved to the front, and was in position on the extreme right of General Sheridan's forces at the battle of Five Forks [Dinwiddie]. In connection with this affair might be mentioned the very prompt and energetic conduct of Captain Henry C. Erich in pushing the flying enemy and picking up prisoners, acting under the immediate orders of the brigadier-general commanding.

Upon the 2nd instant the regiment marched across the South Side Railroad, and upon the 3rd secured a number of prisoners near the Appomattox River. On this day the squadrons of Captains Erich and Fowler, forming half the regiment, under Major Von Koerber, were detached, and, until the 6th, when they rejoined us at Burkeville, formed the escort of Major-General Sheridan. While thus acting a very gallant charge was made by Captains Erich and Fowler into Jetersville, capturing a number of prisoners.

On the 4th of April the remainder of the regiment, having the advance of the division, moved to Five Forks, Amelia County, then held by the enemy. Captain Hancock, with Lieutenant Good, had the advance guard and immediately charged and drove from that position a superior force of the rebel cavalry. Captain Hancock divided his command in making this charge, taking himself one road and Lieutenant Good another. The latter was recharged by the enemy and lost one or two men. The remainder of the regiment [being, in

