
countermanded by the brigadier-general commanding. Captain Hiteshew, with a part of his command, finally came off safely, but Sergeant Castle was taken prisoner, and several other men were lost. The appearance and advance of the enemy in force pushed back the whole brigade, which terminated the engagement.

On the 6th, 7th, and 8th the regiment, with the rest of the division [now consolidated into a brigade], moved by long and rapid marches through Jetersville, Burkeville Junction, and Prince Edward Court-House to a position near Clover Hill, in Appomattox County, where, on the morning of the 9th, it became engaged with the enemy upon the left of General Crook's cavalry division. The whole regiment, dismounted, and leaving the horses in a wood, had position directly upon the south side of the high road leading from Appomattox Court-House to Lynchburg, about a mile and a half distant from the former place, which was held by the enemy and which we faced. After a short time of fighting it was ordered to remount. At about the same moment the enemy, with a view of developing our infantry, charged upon the whole front and upon both flanks of our line, and the cavalry was compelled to retire. Unfortunately all the horses of my regiment were found to have been moved without authority; they were only discovered after much search, scattered over the fields south of the road and some were even taken several miles distant. I succeeded in collecting and mounting a portion of the regiment, and led it through a very dense growth of small wood which intervened between the Lynchburg road and the place where the horses were found. A narrow wood road afforded a passage through a portion of this thicket, which necessarily lengthened the column very much. The rear of it thus became involved with the enemy and several men were cut off, while it was impossible for the advance to participate. The regiment was, as quickly as practicable, formed in an adjoining field, which the enemy did not come near, and the approach of the infantry of the Twenty-fourth Corps at this moment checked their farther advance. No other movements of the regiment occurred of sufficient importance to be recorded, and the surrender of Lee's army upon this day may, I presume, be considered as the close of the active campaign.

I feel obliged to speak in great praise of the able services of Lieutenant Colonel Counselman, and, in fact, of all the officers of the regiment, who, with their respective commands, did themselves great credit throughout the campaign.

The regiment took the field upon March 28 with 13 officers and 347 enlisted men.

Losses were as follows: April 1, Five Forks [Dinwiddie], 2 enlisted men wounded, 1 prisoner; April 3, Burgess' Mill, 1 enlisted man wounded [by guerrillas]; April 4, Five Forks [Amelia], 1 enlisted man killed, 1 enlisted man mortally wounded; April 5 [9], Clover Hill, 1 enlisted man killed, 1 officer and 9 enlisted men wounded, 5 enlisted men prisoners.

Summary: Killed and mortally wounded [since died], 4 enlisted men; wounded, 1 officer and 14 enlisted men; missing [prisoners], 19 enlisted men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. EVANS,

Colonel First Maryland Cavalry.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Cavalry Brigade, Army of the James.

