
pany, gallantly charged the enemy for a considerable distance along the White Oak road to the left. Captain Elliott pushed his dismounted men rapidly across the road into the wood, driving the enemy for some distance. Major Skelley supported the attack with Captain Nimmon's squadron [Companies D and M], moving up at a gallop on the right of the line. The rebels were completely dispersed at every point. Their number, as afterward ascertained, was 600, double the number of my regiment.

We have to mourn the loss in this charge of Major Monroe and Lieutenant Mathews, mortally wounded, and Captain Lancaster, killed, all brave and gallant officers, who fell gloriously while leading their men to the attack. Lieutenant Wolfe was taken prisoner, having pushed out too far on the left. Our loss otherwise was not heavy.

The command during the afternoon took part with the Fifth Corps in its right flank movement at the Five Forks which resulted so disastrously to the enemy. A considerable number of prisoners were captured by the regiment and turned over to the infantry.

The regiment moved with the division on the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th to the vicinity of Amelia Court-House. At Deep Creek we attacked the rebel rear guard, strongly posted, and after half an hour's skirmishing drove them out with considerable loss, having only one man wounded on our side. On the 4th, upon nearing the Court-House, Major McFarlan, commanding the advance battalion, met and charged the enemy's cavalry outposts, driving their skirmish line back upon their infantry support. He was followed up in the charge by the remainder of the regiment, which was ordered forward by Colonel Evans, commanding the brigade. Only two or three men were lost. The next day I supported the First Maryland Cavalry in its attack on the enemy at the railroad, to the left of the Court-House. Two or three men were slightly wounded in this affair. Moving thence, via Burkeville, to Prince Edward Court-House, on the 7th, we there, in conjunction with Major Baker's battalion, captured a considerable number of rebels, including one or two officers. the following day we marched to the vicinity of Appomattox Station, on the South Side Railroad, and on the morning of the 9th moved out to the main road from Appomattox Court-House to Lynchburg, about a mile westerly from the Court-House, this regiment having the advance. Captain Nimmon's squadron was deployed, dismounted, and pushed across the road to develop the enemy's position. I moved the remainder of the regiment into the wood on the left, dismounting four companies, under Major Skelley, holding Captain Nimmon commenced skirmishing I discovered the enemy pushing out about a brigade of infantry from the wood on our right and moving down the slope at right angles with our line. Changing from to the right, I opened fire with some effect, but receiving orders in a few minutes to fall back retired slowly to deploy again, about 200 yards in front of the road, to protect the left flank, which I did. Captain Ring's squadron and one squadron under Lieutenant Cook were formed in line on the main road to repel the enemy, who were following closely our dismounted men, retiring under their orders to fall back. The enemy's cavalry being reported moving to our left and rear, I sent Major McFarlan to move the led horses as his judgment might direct for their safety. This duty he creditably performed, and afterward had the horses ready for mounting as soon as wanted by me.

