
While affairs were in this position Davies' brigade, dismounted, aided by our dismounted men, repelled the attack of the enemy on this road. At this moment some of the rebel cavalry dashed in upon our rear, and were met and checked by such men as could be brought up in time. Almost at the same time our infantry, a part of the Twenty-fourth Corps, advanced in line from the woods in our rear, sweeping back the head of the column of rebel cavalry, and pushing beyond us toward the Court-House soon left us in the rear. During this cavalry attack Captain Ring made a dashing charge on a superior force of cavalry in our rear with some effect, although I had no men at hand mounted to support him. Receiving orders to mount the regiment I did so without delay, and, under orders, moved down the road about a mile westerly to meet the rebel cavalry, thee posted across the road. Before any decisive operations were commenced at this point orders to suspend hostilities were received. Although a portion of the engagement was quite sharp this morning I lost but one man killed and three or four wounded.

From this place, on the evening of the 9th, I detached Captain Elliott's squadron to search for artillery supposed to be abandoned by the enemy in the vicinity of Red Oak Church. A copy of his report has already been forwarded, from which it will be seen that he captured 60 prisoners, 54 pieces of field artillery, 36 gun carriages and caissons, and 1 battle-flag.

On the 12th the command marched to Lynchburg and occupied the town about 4 p.m. Upon entering the place I received orders to take command of the troops in the place, consisting of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry and Major Baker's battalion, and to take possession of and destroy all public property. These orders were carried out as far as possible during the evening. The next day I turned over the command and the captured property to Lieutenant-Colonel Potter, of General Turner's division, of the Twenty-fourth Corps. Very large amounts of military stores were found here, comprising ordnance and ordnance stores of every kind, quartermaster's property, a large amount of subsistence stores, 25 locomotives, many cars, and much other railroad property, and much property of a miscellaneous nature. This property was all turned over by me to Lieutenant-Colonel Potter as stated. I found here 56 field pieces, 6 heavy guns, 41 mortars, 7 forges, 75 caissons and gun carriages, 15,000 muskets, several hundred sabers, and a large quantity of ammunition.

Including the guns, &amp;c., captured on the 9th, at Red Oak Church, the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry has captured and taken possession of and delivered to the proper officers 110 field pieces, 41 mortars, 6 heavy guns, 111 caissons and carriages, a large amount of ordnance stores, 1 battle-flag, and many prisoners.

Leaving Lynchburg on the 16th the regiment marched with the brigade to Burkeville, and thence, via Goode's Bridge, to Richmond, at which place it arrived on the 24th instant.

I cannot speak too highly of the soldierly conduct of both officers and men of the regiment during this brief campaign. I have heretofore recommended several officers for promotion and others as deserving honorable mention, but their service, under the eye of the commanding general, has enabled him to judge of their merits.

FRANKLIN A. STRATTON,

Lieutenant Colonel Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, Commanding Regiment.

Major AUGUSTUS H. FENN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Mackenzie's Cav. Brigadier, Army of the James.

