
Numbers 265. Report of Captain Thornton J. Elliott, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry.

NEAR LYNCHBURG, VA., April 15, 1865.

SIR: In obedience to orders received I reported with my squadron, consisting of Companies F and B, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, to Major Abell, chief of artillery, Twenty-fourth Army Corps, at Appomattox Court-House, April 9, 1865. On the following day [10th] I proceeded to Red Oak Church, capturing in that vicinity as follows: 60 rebels, who surrendered under a flag of truce; 54 pieces of artillery, brass and iron field pieces; 1 battle-flag; 36 gun carriages and caissons. The cannon were mostly buried or secreted. In addition to the above there was a large amount of ammunition, many wagons, caissons, forges, and sets of harness which had been destroyed by the enemy.

From April 10 to 12 engaged in extracting and removing cannon. Received orders the 13th to report to my command at Lynchburg, Va., at which place I arrived on the morning of the 14th instant.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THORNTON J. ELLIOTT,

Captain, Commanding Squadron, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Lieutenant-Colonel STRATTON,

Commanding Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry.

P. S.-The foregoing property was turned over to the proper authorities.

T. J. ELLIOTT,

Captain.

Numbers 266. Medals of Honor awarded for distinguished services under Resolution of Congress, Numbers 43, approved July 12, 1862, and section 6 of Acto of Congress approved March 3, 1863.

Name	 Bank and	 Date	 Awarded for-

 organization

Allen, Abner P	 Corporal,	 1865.	 Gallant conduct

 Company K, 39th	 	 in battle.

 Illinois	 -	 [Issued May

 Infantry	 	 2, 1865]

Anderson, Thomas	 Corporal,	 April 8	 Capture of

 Company I, 1st	 	 unknown rebel

 West Virginia	 	 flag at

 Cavalry	 	 Appomattox

 	 	 Station, Va.

Apple, Andrew O.	 Corporal,	 -	 Gallant conduct

 Company I, 12th	 	 in battle.

 West Virginia	 	 [Issued May 2,

 Infantry	 	 1865]

Barber, James A.	 Corporal,	 April 2	 Gallantry in

 Battery G, 1st	 	 action at

 Rhode Island	 	 Petersburg, Va.

 Light Artillery

Benjamin, John F	 Corporal,	 April 6	 Capture of

 Company M, 2nd	 	 battle-flag of

 New York Cavalry	 	 9th Virginia

 	 	 Infantry at

 	 	 Sailor's Creek,

 	 	 Va.

Bennett, Orren	 Private, Company	 April 6	 Capture of flag

 D, 141st	 	 at Sailor's

 Pennsylvania	 	 Creek, Va.

 Infantry

Blickensderfer,	 Corporal,	 April 2	 Capture of flag

Milton	 Company E, 126th	 	 at Petersburg,

 Ohio Infantry	 	 Va.

Bonebrake, Henry	 Lieutenant,	 April 1	 Capture of flag

G.	 Company G, 17th	 	 at Five Forks,

 Pennsylvania	 	 Va.

 Cavalry

Boon, Hugh P.	 Captain Company	 April 6	 Capture of flag

 B, 1st West	 	 at Sailor's

 Virginia Cavalry	 	 Creek, Va.

Brant, William,	 Lieutenant	 April 3	 Capture of

jr.	 Company B, 1st	 	 battle-flag of

 New Jersey	 	 46th North

 Veteran	 	 Carolina at

 Battalion	 	 Petersburg, Va.

