
April 20.-Broke camp at Berryville and marched to Washington, D. C., arriving there on the 22nd.

April 23.-Went into camp at Falls Church, Va., since when no more movements have been made.

Third Cavalry Division.

[January.]-The division is in winter garters on Romney pike, near Winchester, Va.

[February.]-Division in winter quarters on the Romney pike, near Winchester, Va.

February 28.-Marched at 6 a. m., reaching Woodstock at 7 p. m.

March 1.-Encamped at Lacey's Spring, nine miles north of Harrisonburg, Va. At 3 p. m. moved toward Staunton; met rebel cavalry under General Rosser at Mount Crawford. Had a skirmish and drove them; captured 5 commissioned officers and 37 men, and a number of wagons loaded with supplies. Moved rapidly to within four miles of Staunton, and bivouacked for the night.

March 2.-Moved, via Staunton, no Waynesborough, where the enemy were met under General Early. Engaged and whipped him, capturing 11 pieces of artillery, 1,450 prisoners, and about 150 wagons loaded with quartermaster's, commissary, and ordnance stores. Command moved to Greenwood Depot, on the Virginia Central Railroad, and burned large quantities of supplies and several railroad cars loaded with munitions of war.

March 3.-Moved to Charlottesville.

March 4 and 5.-Remained at Charlottesville; command employed in destroying railroad property.

March 6, 7, and 8.-Marched to New Market, on James River, destroying canal.

March 12.-Marched to Frederick's Hall Depot, on Virginia Central Railroad.

March 13.-Commenced destroying large amount of Government stores, Virginia Central Railroad, tobacco, and munitions of war.

March 14 and 15.-Moved along Virginia Central Railroad to South Anna River bridge.

March 16, 17, and 18.-Moved, via King William Court-House, to White House Landing, on Pamunkey River. Remained here refitting until the 25th, then moved in the direction of Petersburg.

March 27.-Arrived at Petersburg.

March 29.-Moved toward Dinwiddie Court-House; arrived there at 3 p. m.

March 31.-Participated in the fight with the division of rebel infantry commanded by Picket and Johnson.

[April.]-The command took part in the campaign which resulted in the defeat and surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia (rebel), General R. E. Lee commanding.

Third Brigade, Third Cavalry Division.

[February.]-Brigade in winter quarters.

February 28.-Marched at 6 a. m., reached Woodstock at 7 p. m. and encamped.

March.-February 27, this command took part in the expedition which left Winchester, Va., under command of Major General P. H. Sheridan.

