
You have been selected by Major General John Gibbon, commanding the Twenty-fourth Army Corps, as entitled to this honor on behalf of that command, and I herewith present to you $153,33 as one-third of the original sum.

It affords me great satisfaction to receive from your commanding general such unqualified testimony of your gallantry and heroism in battle, and to be the medium of transmitting to you this recognition of the worth of your services in defense of your common country.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

Numbers 267. Reports of General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Army of Northern Virginia.
HEADQUARTERS, March 29, 1865. [Via Petersburg. Received 1.45.]

Enemy are reported to have crossed Hatcher's Run at Monk's Neck Bridge with infantry and cavalry, moving toward Dinwiddie Court-House.

R. E. LEE.

Honorable J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,Secretary of War, Richmond.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES, March 29, 1865. [Received 11.15 p.m.]

The enemy crossed Hatcher's Run this morning at Monk's Neck Bridge with a large force of cavalry, infantry, and artillery, and to-night his left extended to Dinwiddie Court-House. Gregg's cavalry advanced a mile and a half on Ford's road toward the South Side Railroad. General Anderson moved out from his position and struck his column near the intersection of the Quaker road and Boydton plank road, but did not succeed in driving him back.

R. E. LEE.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR,

Richmond.

[Copy sent to the President.]

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, April 1, 1865.

SIR: After my dispatch of last night I received a report from General Pickett, who, with three of his own brigades and two of General Johnson's, supported the cavalry under General Fitz Lee near Five Forks, on the road from Dinwiddie Court-House to the South Side road. After considerable difficulty, and meeting resistance from the enemy at all points, General Pickett forced his way to within less than a mile of Dinwiddie Court-House. By this time it was too dark for further operations, and General Pickett resolved to return to Five Forks to protect

