
of ammunition per man. The artillery, though reduced to sixty-three pieces, with ninety-three rounds of ammunition, was sufficient. These comprised all the supplies of ordnance that could be relied on in the State of Virginia. I have no accurate report of the cavalry, but believe it did not exceed 2,100 effective men. The enemy were more than five times our numbers. If we could have forced our way one day longer it would have been at a great sacrifice of life, and at its end I did not see how a surrender could have been avoided. We had no subsistence for man or horse, and it could not be gathered in the country. The supplies ordered to Pamplin's Station from Lynchburg could not reach us, and the men, deprived of food and sleep for many days, were worn out and exhausted.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS.

ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, No. 9. April 10, 1865.

After four years of arduous service, marked by unsurpassed courage and fortitude, the Army of Northern Virginia has been compelled to yield to overwhelming numbers and resources. I need not tell the brave survivors of so many hard-fought battles, who have remained steadfast to the last, that I have consented to the result from no distrust of them. But, feeling that valor and devotion could accomplish nothing that could compensate for the loss that must have attended the continuance of the contest, I determined to avoid the useless sacrifice of those whose past services have endeared them to their countrymen.

By the terms of the agreement officers and men can return to their homes and remain until exchanged. You will take with you the satisfaction that proceeds from the consciousness of duty faithfully performed; and I earnestly pray that a merciful God will extend to you his blessing and protection.

With an increasing admiration of your constancy and devotion to your country, and a grateful remembrance of your kind and generous considerations for myself, I bid you all an affectionate farewell.*

R. E. LEE,

General.

Numbers 268. Organization of the C. S. Forces, commanded by General Robert E. Lee.

[Compiled from reports of operations and parole lists.]

PROVOST GUARD.

Major D. B. BRIDGFORD.

1st Virginia Battalion, - -.

44th Virginia Battalion, Company B, - -.

ESCORT.

39th Virginia Battalion, Captain Samuel B. Brown.

ENGINEER TROOPS.

Colonel THOMAS M. R. TALCOTT.

1st Regiment, - -.

2nd Regiment, - -.

---------------

*See also version of this order as telegraphed April 14, 1865, by Honorable E. B. Washburne to Honorable E. M. Stanton, Part III, p. 744.

---------------

