
March 26, [27]. Reached the Army of the Potomac in front of Petersburg, Va.

March 28[29].-Resumed march.

March 31.-Engaged with the enemy at Dinwiddie Court-House.

[April.] The command took part in the campaign which resulted in the surrender of the enemy's army, called Army of Norther Virginia, at Appomattox Court-House.

Engagements.-April 1, Five Forks, April 3, Sweat-House Creek.

April 6, Harper's Farm. April 8, Appomattox Station. April 9, Appomattox Court-House.

Third Brigade, Third Cavalry Division.

[February.]-Encamped near Winchester, Va.

February 27.-Command started on raid up the Senandoah Valey, Va. Encamped on the night of the 27th at Woodstock, Va.

February 28.-Marched to Lacey's Spring and encamped for the night.

March 1.-Brigade encamped at Lacey's Spring, nine miles north of Harrisonburg, Va., and at 3 p. m. moved toward Staunton. At North River, near Mount Crawford, Va., met and drove rebel cavalry under General Rosser, capturing 5 commissioned officers and 37 men prisoners of war, and a quantity of wagons loaded with supplies. Moved rapidly to within four miles of Staunton and encamped for the night.

March 2.-Moved by way of Staunton to Waynesborough, where, in company with the remainder of the Third Division, we met and whipped the forces of General Early, killing a number of the enemy and capturing 11 pieces of artillery 1,420 prisoners, about 150 wagons loaded with quartermaster's, commissary, and ordnance stores. This brigade then moved to Greenwood Depot, on the Virginia Central Railroad, and burned large quantities of supplies and several railroad cars laden with munitions of war.

March 3.-Moved to Charlottesville.

March 4 and 5.-Remained at Charlottesville; command employed in destroying railroad property.

March 6, 7, and 8.-Marched to New Market, on James River, destroying Charlottesville and Lynchburg Railroad and James River Canal.

March 9 and 10.- Marched to Columbia, on James River, destroying canal.

March 12.-Marched to Frederick's Hall Depot, on Virginia Central Railroad.

March 13.-Command destroyed Virginia Central Railroad and large amount of Government stores, tobacco, and munitions of war.

March 14 and 15.-Moved along Virginia Central Railroad to South Anna River bridge.

March 16, 17, and 18.-Moved, via King William Court-House, Va., to White House Landing, on Pamunkey River. Command remained at this point refitting until the 25th, when in moved in the direction of Petersburg, where it arrived on the 27th.

March 29.-Marched toward Dinwiddie Court-House, where it arrived at 3 p. m. on the 31st, participating in the fight with the divisions of rebel infantry commanded by Picket and Johnson.

April 1.-Marched dismounted from near Dinwiddie Court-House to Five Forks, where the enemy were found in strong force. An engagement was at once opened, which continued with great fury until 5 p.m.,

