
when the Second and Fifth Corps of infantry came to the assistance of the cavalry and the enemy was driven rapidly at all points, losing heavily in men, artillery, small-arms, and munitions of war generally.

April 2.-This brigade moved to Ford's Station, on the South Side Railroad, were it met and drove a body of rebel cavalry. The direction of march was then changed and the command marched to Namozine Creek, where it encamped for the night, going into camp under heavy artillery fire from the enemy.

April 3.-Marched at 5 a. m., the enemy having withdrawn from our front during the night. At Winticomack Creek met three divisions of rebel cavalry, commanded by Major-Generals Fitzhugh Lee and Rosser and Colonel Munford. After some hard fighting, the enemy was driven at a rapid rate for three miles to Deep Creek. Here the command came upon the enemy's infantry. After some hard fighting, both partied withdrew and went into camp. This brigade during the day captured about 300 prisoners, besides killing and wounding quite a number of the enemy.

April 4.-The command marched at 5 a.m. in the direction of Amelia Court House. Countermarched at 8 p. m. and marched during the night to Jetersville, Va., where it arrived at 6 a. m. on April 5. The command remained here all day.

April 6.-Marched at 6 a. m. to Sailor's Creek, where it met the enemy and engaged him, fighting all day driving the enemy and capturing 7 pieces of artillery 5,000 prisoners, and a large quantity of wagons, &amp;c.

April 7.-Marched through Prince Edward Court-House and encamped five miles west of the Court-House.

April 8.-Marched to Appomattox Station, on South Side Railroad, where the command arrived at 5 p. m. Met the enemy and engaged him to once.

April 9.-Engaged the enemy at daylight at Appomattox Court-House, and was pressing him heavily when he (the enemy) raised the white flag and asked for terms of surrender, which was the commencement of capitulations ending in the surrender of Lee's (rebel) army.

ARMY OF THE JAMES.

DEFENSE OF BERMUDA HUNDRED.

January 23.- In the evening the rebel gun-boats came down the James and one of them succeed in getting down as far as Battery Sawyer, at Crow's Nest tower. The darkness of the night prevented accurate artillery practice. Daylight showed three of them-two iron-clads and one wooden gun-boat-around on Farrar's Island, below Howlet House Battery. The third shot from a 100-pounder at Battery Parsons entered the magazine of the wooden gun-boat and blew her up. The iron-clads took a very severe fire, being struck many times by shot from our heavy guns, until about 12 m., when they floated off and took shelter behind Farrar's Island until night, when they proceeded back up the river. The gun-boats did not reply to the fire of our batteries, merely firing a farewell shot as they first floated off and moved up the river.

February.-Nothing of importance transpired on this front; 135 deserters from the enemy came in during the month.

