
appointment were General Longstreet, chief of First Corps, General Gordon, chief of Second Corps, and the general chief of artillery. In accordance with stipulations thus adjusted, the artillery was withdrawn, as were the other troops, and it was, as soon as practicable, in due form turned over to the enemy. Of 250 field pieces belonging to the army on the lines near Richmond and Petersburg, only sixty-one remained, and thirteen caissons.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 271. Report of Major General Joseph B. Kershaw, C. S. Army.

CAMDEN, S. C., October 9, 1865.

MAJOR: On the morning of Monday, the 3rd of April last, I moved, in obedience to the orders of Lieutenant-General Ewell, from my position on the lines near Fort Gilmer through Richmond to Mayo's Bridge, reporting in person to Lieutenant-General Ewell.

Under his orders I detached two battalions to suppress the mob then engaged in sacking the city. Arriving at the bridge I found it in flames, and rapidly passed my command over to Manchester, informing General Ewell of the facts. By the efforts of some boatmen the flames were arrested before they had rendered the bridge impassable. By the time the infantry had passed, the large mill above the Danville depot-and too far distant from it to have been ignited by the burning of the latter-was observed to be on fire, the smoke being first seen to issue through the roof in all parts of it, and then the windows on all sides, indicating that it had been set on fire in the interior. As much of the conflagration which ensued was caused by the burning of this building, the circumstance has been deemed of sufficient importance to be stated here, in order to remove the erroneous imputation that the conflagration resulted from the action of the authorities.

A few miles from the river the command united with that of General Custis Lee and moved in the direction of Amelia Court-House. Learning that all the upper crossings of the Appomattox were impassable, on Tuesday the command moved to the railroad crossing, and by night had succeeded in passing the river with the entire train. The next day the rear of the Petersburg army was overtaken at Amelia Court-House, and marching all night the command arrived at Amelia Springs a little after sunrise the next day. From this point Gordon's corps marched in the rear. About 10 o'clock the command reached a point where the wagon train was moved to the right upon a cross-road which intersected that upon which the troops moved at right angles. Here the column was posted to resist the cavalry of the enemy-Merritt's and Custer's divisions-which attacked at that point, and repulsed several charges upon different parts of the line. They were held at bay until the last of the train had passed the point attacked, when I was directed to follow the movement of General Custis Lee's division. Before my troops left the ground Gordon's advance appeared, while his rear was engaged with the enemy. I was not informed that Gordon would fol-

