
formed line of battle between Amelia Court-House and Jetersville, where our sharpshooters, under Major Wooten, became engaged. Next day, while resting in Farmville, we were ordered back to a fortified hill to support our cavalry, which was hard pressed, but before reaching the hill the order was countermanded. We moved rapidly through Farmville, and sustained some loss from the artillery fire while crossing the river near that place. That afternoon we formed line of battle, facing to the rear, between one and two miles from Farmville, and my sharpshooters were attacked by the enemy. During the night we resumed our march, and on the 9th, while forming line of battle, we were ordered back and directed to stack our arms, as the Army of Northern Virginia had been surrendered.

My officers and men behaved well throughout this trying campaign, and superiority of numbers alone enabled the enemy to drive us from the works near Petersburg. Colonel Cowan, though indisposed, was constantly with his command and displayed his usual gallantry, while Major Wooten nobly sustained his enviable reputation as on officer.

We have to mourn the loss of Captains Nicholson, Fain, McCauley, and Long, and other gallant officers.

Captain E. J. Hale, jr., assistant adjutant-general, and First Lieutenant E. B. Meade, aide-de-camp, were constantly at their posts, displaying great bravery, and giving additional evidence of their efficiency as staff officers.

I am unable to give our exact loss at Petersburg. I surrendered at this point 56 officers and 484 men, many of the latter being detailed non-arms bearing men, who were sent back to be surrendered with their brigade.

The Seventh [North Carolina], the other regiment of my command, is absent in North Carolina on detached service.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. LANE,

Brigadier-General.

Major JOSEPH A. ENGELHARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 273. Report of Major General Bushrod R. Johnson, C. S. Army.

HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, April 10, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with instructions, I submit the following report of the operations of my division from the 28th [29th] of March to the 9th of April, 1865:

On Tuesday [Wednesday], the 28th [29th] of March, 1865, the cavalry having reported the enemy advancing in force with cavalry, artillery having reported the enemy advancing in force with cavalry, artillery, and infantry on the Quaker [or military] road, west of Hatcher's Run, I was ordered by Lieutenant General R. H. Anderson to move my command down the road, attack them, and drive them back to the Vaughan road. As I was drawing out my command the cavalry informed me that the enemy were retiring beyond Gravelly Run. I therefore did not expect to encounter them until I reached the line of the run. I advanced Wise's brigade in line of battle, stretching across the Quaker road, and moved Wallace's, Moody's, and Ransom's brigades, in the

