
ground about one mile and a half south of Namozine Creek. The enemy charged about 6.30 p.m., and were repulsed by artillery and infantry fire. They renewed the charge three times, the last at about 8 p.m., and were repulsed each time, witout any loss on our part. At about 11 p.m. we commenced crossing the Namozine Creek, leaving Hunton's brigade to cover the passage. By 2 a.m. on the 3rd the whole command had crossed, including the cavalry.

On Monday, the 3rd of April, we moved at 6 a.m. and took the right-hand road at Namozine Church. After making an unpleasant passage of a small creek about two miles from the church, I received orders from Lieutenant-General Anderson [who had gone in advance on the previous day] to take the left-hand or Namozine road at Namozine Church, in order to cross Deep Creek at Brown's Bridge, the creek being impassable at the lower bridge. General Anderson at the same time sent instructions for the cavalry to follow the same road. I consequently took a left-hand road to cross a distance of two miles to the Namozine road. As we approached the latter road I sent forward Major Foote, assistant adjutant-general, to reconnoiter it and to see if the enemy or our cavalry occupied it. Major Foote reported that he saw two cavalrymen on the road, but whether they were ours or those of the enemy he was not able to decide. I then went forward in person, accompanied by Captain Sanders, aide-de-camp, and Major Foote. Sent out Major Foote, who went up to the Federal pickets before he determined their character, and was captured. The command moved forward and brushed the enemy's pickets from the Namozine road after a slight skirmish in which only one Federal was killed. Major General Fitzhugh Lee here came up with cavalry and moved forward to forks of the road near Brown's Bridge, which we found in possession of the enemy. Moody's and Wallace's brigades immediately moved up in line and made an attack with skirmishers. Wise's brigade came up on the right and its skirmishers pressed forward. The enemy opened with artillery but were pushed back after a sharp brush, in which we lost-. Having fairly cleared the road we promptly moved in quick time by the left flank to Brown's Bridge, which we crossed, and passed some five miles from Tabernacle Church to vicinity of Bevill's Bridge, over the Appomattox River, where we came up with Pickett's division.

On Tuesday, the 4th of April, we moved at 8 a.m.; marched about four miles, in rear of Pickett's division, toward Amelia Court-House, to where the road by Tabernacle Church crosses the road to Court-House. The enemy appeared on the road to Tabernacle Church. A line of battle was formed across this road, and skirmishing, with artillery fire, on our part continued until night, the enemy's cavalry feeling my line from left to right. At night the cavalry formed to protect my right flank, and we rested until 3 a.m. on the 5th of April.

On Wednesday, 5th of April, came up with Hill's corps and Lieutenant-General Ewell's command; moved between the two past Amelia Court-House and marched all night.

On Thursday, April 6, my division marched in rear of Pickett's division and in front of that of Major General Custis Lee. Early in the day the enemy made a dash down the road between Major-General Lee's division and my own, and some thirty or forty stragglers, collected by some staff officers [Colonel Venable and Captain Whitner], held them in check until I halted and closed my command to the left to cover the road. Sharp skirmishing continued on my left for some two hours, during which the men constructed temporary breast-works, and Pickett's

