
TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS.

[January.]-The Twenty-fourth Army Corps still occupies the same position since last return. The Second Division is still absent on an expedition under Byt. Major General A. H. Terry to Wilmington, N. C. March 27.-The First and Independent Divisions, Battery B, First United States, Battery A, Fifth United States, and the Seventeenth New York Independent Battery were withdrawn from the north side of James River, leaving the Third Division to keep the lines. The troops marched all night and all the next day (28th), and arrived in camp in rear of the Second Corps about sundown.

March 30.-In the morning occupied the line vacated by the Second Corps.

April 1.-The First Division of the corps (Brigadier-General Foster) was engaged with the enemy at Hatcher's driving them from their position and moving down the right to Petersburg until the main works outside the outside city were reached.

April 2.-Assaulted Forts Gregg and Baldwin-the former carried after a desperate struggle by the First Division. the latter, by Third Brigade, Independent Division, Brevet Brigadier-General Harris.

April 3.-Found Petersburg evacuated, and immediately took up line of march close on the retreating forces of General Lee, and from, this date until the 5th was engaged in the rapid pursuit of his fleeing forces.

April 6.-Met the enemy strongly entrenched at Rice's Station, and before our lines could be formed and the enemy's picket be driven in, night closed the operations.

April 7.-At daylight, when about making a charge on the enemy's works, found that he had withdrawn his force and retired toward Farmville, to which place we followed close on his rear.

April 8.-Still following the retreating column, and after marching thirty-two miles, bivouacked about three miles from Appomattox Station.

April 9.-At daylight the corps moved out and engaged the enemy at Appomattox Court-House. The Independent Division, which were on the left of the line, were about making a charge when an order arrived that there was a cessation of hostilities, and which resulted in the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia. The corps was left from this dated to the 17th to settle the business of paroling Lee's army and taking charge of all public property and sending it to Burkeville.

April 12.-The Independent Division was sent to Lynchburg, where it destroyed or carried away a vast amount of public property.

April 15.-It returned to Appomattox Court-House.

April 17.-The corps took line of march for Burkeville.

April 19.-Arrived at that place in the evening and remained until the 20th.

April 20.-the corps received orders to march to Richmond, via Amelia Court-House.

April 25.-Arrived in Richmond, where they are still encamped. Total distance marched about 225 miles.

April 2 [3].-The Third Division, under command of Brigadier-General Devens, entered Richmond, without opposition, at about 8 a. m., and occupied the city.

[May.].-This corps has been encamped near Richmond during the past month.

[June.].-The corps has been moved from its present camp during the month.

9 R R-VOL XLVI, PT I

