
division closed on mine. Major-General Lee closed upon my left very shortly after the dash was made. About 2 p.m. I was ordered, by command of General Anderson, to close to the right and follow Pickett's division, which had moved to the right in consequence of the burning of a wagon train and the occupation of the road in our front. Rapid firing was now heard in Pickett's division. Upon closing to that division, it was found that the enemy was still on the road in its front and holding a commanding position, and my division was soon engaged in heavy skirmishing. Two regiments on the left of Wise's brigade, which had previously been detached by General Anderson, here took position on the left of Wallace's brigade, having come up subsequently to the latter. General Wise, having discovered the advantages of the enemy's commanding position in his front, at once ordered a charge, which was executed gallantly by his two right regiments; but, perhaps, for want of orders from division commander, who was not advised of the movement, it was not carried out by the troops of the other brigades on his right. The enemy, however, was gallantly driven from the crest of the hill in front. About this time General Anderson sent a staff officer to say to me that, as we appeared to be driving the enemy, I should advance my whole command. Not having been advised of the enemy, I should advance my whole command. Not having been advised of the advance in Wise's brigade, and being at the time engaged with other parts of the line, and believing that the firing proceeded from an assault of the enemy, and that we were only maintaining our position, I stated the latter fact in reply, and awaited a repetition of the order, as I gave the staff officer to understand I would do. Subsequently, having learned the facts in the case, and General Anderson having stated that he thought the advance of my command should be made, I proposed to try it, and had given the necessary orders, when I received instructions from General Anderson to face my command and march directly toward the west in line of battle, while Pickett's division moved by the right flank, connecting with my left, and General Lee's command moved by the left flank, connecting with my right. Three brigades of my division were placed in line, when I was urged, thorough a staff officer of General Anderson, to hasten the movement. Consequently, I moved the three brigades at once, leaving Moody's brigade, now in rear, to gain its position on my right, my whole division moving by rear rank. Upon passing out of the woods to an open field I halted the command to correct the line and to bring up Moody's brigade. The enemy's artillery now opened on our position from the rear and our left flank. The movement was resumed and a lane beyond the field was gained. The line was halted and corrected again. The command forward was given, when General Pickett rode up and asked me to halt until he connected with my left flank. At this moment the enemy appeared in rear of my left, having passed between my command and that of General Pickett's, and my troops broke and moved with the right or advanced portion of our army. I here reported to General Lee, who directed me, with my assistant adjutant-general, to collect together all the scattered forces from General Anderson's and General Ewell's commands. Darkness and the movement of our troops toward Farmville, under General Lee's instructions to assemble the stragglers on the north side of the Appomattox river, terminated the work here before much progress had been made therein. The losses in my division were quite small. A portion of the division provost-guard, including its two ranking officers, were captured.

