
On the morning of the 7th of April General Wise, with his own brigade, Wallace's, about 250 of Moody's, and 80 of Ransom's brigade, arrived at Farmville, and formed on the hill on the north side of the Appomattox River. Here the work of collecting stragglers was further prosecuted. About 12 m., having been advised by an officer, who informed me that he was a member of Major-General Gordon's staff, that my command was assigned to General Gordon's corps, we marched under orders from the corps commander in direction of Lynchburg, and continued the movement until 11 o'clock at night.

On Saturday, April 8, 1865, we resumed our march at 4 a.m., and marched until about 3 p.m., encamping about one mile from Appomattox Court-House. Under instructions given by the corps commander to Brigadier-General Wallace, about 8 p.m., to Appomattox Court-House, where it remained in line of battle all night, in consequence of a dash made by enemy's cavalry upon that position.

For the operations of the division on the 9th of April, I refer you to the report of Brigadier-General Wallace, who was in command on that day.

[B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.]

Captain V. DABNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Quaker road: Wise lost-killed, 3 officers, 17 men; wounded, 9 officers, 89 men; missing, 4 officers [4 wounded and missing], 53 men [3 wounded and missing]; aggregate, 183.

March 31, White Oak road: Killed, 2 officers, 8 men; wounded, 6 officers, 74 men; missing, 8 officers [2 wounded and missing], 82 men [5 wounded and missing]; aggregate, 187.

April 3: Wounded, 15 men.

April 9, loss about: Killed, 3 officers, 5 men; wounded and captured, 15; missing, 40; about 63.

April 9: Moody's brigade-captured after flag of truce passed out, 70 men, 16 officers.

Numbers 274. Report of Brigadier General William H. Wallace, C. S. Army.

HEADQUARTERS WALLACE'S BRIGADE, Near Appomattox Court-House, April 10, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that this brigade was moved on the 28th ultimo from the lines near Hatcher's Run to a position near Burgess' Mills, where it remained in line during the day without being engaged, and retiring at night to its former camp.

On the 29th of March it was moved, with the rest of the division, to the plank road near Bevill's house, and at 3 p.m. was readvanced against a position of the enemy near Bevill's house [held by infantry and artillery], which it failed to carry. At night-fall it was withdrawn to the camp within the lines near Hatcher's Run.

On the 2nd of April, instant, the remnant of the brigade which had escaped from the affair of April 1 at the Five Cross-Roads reported to

