
although for the want of reports, memoranda, or maps I may be mistaken in some minor matters, I believe in the main features this report will be found to be correct so far as it goes.

G. W. C. LEE,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-I was told after my capture that the enemy had two corps of infantry and three divisions of cavalry opposed to us at Sailor's Creek, and was informed by General Ewell that he had sent me an order to surrender, being convinced of the hopelessness of further resistance. This order was not received by me.

G. W. C. L.

[Memorandum.]

On the morning of Thursday, April 6, when the enemy attacked our wagon train between Sandy and Sailor's Creeks, General Anderson, in conjunction with General Ewell, formed line of battle along the road between these two streams [as I have already stated in my report] to protect the train and prevent General Gordon, who was bringing up the rear of the wagon train, from being cut off. General Anderson seemed anxious to push on, and said to me that he must on to support General Pickett, who was engaged with the enemy farther on toward Rice's Station [and as I suppose beyond Sailor's Creek]. As soon as General Gordon closed up on General Ewell's rear [Kershaw], General Anderson moved forward toward Sailor's Creek. My division followed, and while its head was halted on the hill beyond Sailor's Creek to allow the rear to close up, General Ewell told me that the enemy had cut the road in advance of us, and that General Anderson wished us to unite with him and drive the enemy out of the way. To this end my division moved forward a few hundred yards, when the enemy's driving General Kershaw's rear across Sailor's Creek, and his appearance in heavy force of infantry, cavalry, and artillery in our rear, stopped the farther movement. General Anderson told General Ewell that the latter would have as much as he could do to take care of the rear, and that he [General Anderson] would endeavor to drive the enemy out of the way in front. General Anderson did make the attack, but failed, losing Brigadier-Generals Hunton and Corse and a large number of his officers and men as prisoners. No other general officers were captured at that time of General Anderson's command, as far as I know. General Ewell, with all his general officers, were taken prisoners.

But little of the above came under my personal observation. Most of the statement was gathered from conversation with General Ewell and other officers after the capture.

G. W. C. LEE,

Major-General.

No. 277. Report of Major General Fitzhugh Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Corps.

RICHMOND, VA., April 22, 1865.

GENERAL: I comply with pleasure with the desire expressed by you to have a report of the last operations of the cavalry of your army, and have the honor to submit the following:

On the 28th of March my division moved from its position on the extreme left of our lines in front of Richmond, on the north side of James

