
First Division.

March 27.-This division moved from the New Market road on the north bank of the James River.

March 29.-Arrived in the vicinity of Hatcher's Run.

March 30.-Skirmishing with the enemy; advanced the Third Brigade on the left, capturing entrenched picket-line.

March 31.-Advanced the picket-line of the division, capturing that of the enemy (325 prisoners), driving the enemy into his main works, and holding the ground gained.

April 1.-Skirmishing with the enemy at Hatcher's Run.

April 2.-Broke through the enemy's line near Hatcher's Run, moving to the right toward Petersburg, driving them before us until the main line of works around the city was reached. At 1 p. m. assaulted Fort Gregg, which was carried after a desperate struggle. Loss in killed, wounded, and missing, 419.

April 3.-Found Petersburg evacuated, and took up line of march, following Lee's army; encamped three miles beyond Southerland's Station.

April 4.-Encamped at Wilson's Station.

April 6.-Engaged the enemy at Rice's Station, and encamped near that place.

April 7.-The enemy having withdrawn, during the night, followed, overtaking the rear guard at Bush River, where we had a short skirmish; encamped at Farmville.

April 8.-Marched thirty-three miles, bivouacking about three miles from Appomattox Station.

April 9.-Engaged the enemy at Appomattox Court-House until the cessation of hostilities, which resulted in the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia. Loss, 116. Remained at Appomattox Court-House until 17.

April 17.-Marched to Prospect Station.

April 18.-Encamped at Bush River.

April 19 to 21.-Encamped at Burkeville.

April 21.-Marched and encamped at Dry Creek.

April 22.-Encamped at Amelia Court-House.

April 24.-Encamped near Manchester.

April 25.-Marched through Richmond, Va., encamping on the Brook road on the road north side.

Total distance marched, about 225 miles.

Total loss, 833 officers and men wounded, missing, and killed.

Total captured, 1,355 prisoners, 13 pieces of artillery, 5 battle-flags.

First Brigade, First Division.

[January.]-The brigade has been lying works on the New Market road near Richmond, Va., doing picket and fatigue duty.

[February.]-The brigade has been lying in works on the New Market road, near Richmond, Va., doing picket and fatigue duty.

[March.]-The brigade has been lying in works doing picket and fatigue duty in front of Richmond.

March 27-Marched to Hatcher's Run.

March 29-Arrived there in the morning, and did picket duty the balance of the mount.

April 1.-Left encampment on Hatcher's Run.

