
which were so near to ours that the questions asked him were distinctly hear by our troops. At another of the temporary halts upon this march to check the enemy in the vicinity of Namozine Church, that very excellent North Carolina brigade, of W. H. F. Lee's division, suffered severely. The troops had been placed in motion again to resume the march. This brigade was the rear of the column, and I was obliged to retain it in position to prevent the enemy from attacking the remainder of the command. Whilst getting in motion their rapidly arriving forces soon augmented the troops it was so gallantly holding in check, and produced a concentrain impossible for it to resist. Its commander, Brigadier-General Barringer, was captured whilst in the steady discharge of his duties, and his loss was keenly felt by the command. I also had the great misfortune to be deprived of the services of my most efficient and untiring adjutant-general, Major J. D. Ferguson, who was captured about the same time, and whose assistance, always important, was especially desirable at this time.

Reporting to the commanding general at Amelia Court-House on the 5th, I was ordered to move with my command on the Paineville road to protect the wagon train, a portion of which was reported to have been attacked by some of the enemy's calvary. W. H. F Lee was detached and sent in advance of Longstreet, who was moving from the Court-House toward Jetersville. I found the enemy had attacked and burned a portion of the calvary train, including my own headquarters wagons, and had retreated again toward Jetersville. I started at once in pursuit,m and soon closed up on gary which his brigade, who had been previously dispatched in that direction,and was engaging their rear near Paineville. Re-enforcing him, tube enemy were rapidly driven within a mile of Jetersville, where their infantry were found in large force. (A dispatch captured that night showed General Grant to be there in person.) The pursuit was discontinued, and the command placed in camp at Amelia Springs.

In this encounter 30 of the enemy were killed, principally with the sabre, and 150 wounded and captured. The attack was made with Rosser's division, mounted,supported by portion of my old division, dismounted. The gallantry of Brigadier-general Dearing in leading the charge of his command was here very conspicuous. Our loss was not very heavy, and I can only recall in this connection the mortally wounding of two of my bravest and best young officers, Captain Hugh McGuire, Eleventh Virginia Calvary, and Captain James Rutherford, assistant adjutant-general, General Dearing 's staff.

The portion of the enemy's calvary engaged in this raid had preceded the column which had been marching on our left flank, and had reached Jetersville, on the Danville railroad, before Longstreet arrived in that vicinity. their calvary crossed the railroad and swept around on the north of our right marching flank, and hence came upon the wagon train.

During the night, at Amelia Springs, Longsteet's corps, deflected from its original line of march by the occupation of Jetersville and Burkeville by the enemy, passed by. The commanding general arrived also, and I received from him ordered to march as daylight after General Longstreet. The main body of the enemy's calvary had ceased to follow our rear after our approach to Amelia COur-house, and was moving on a parralled route upon our left marching flank.

The next morning (6th of April) I started the main portion of my command under Rosser (the senior officer present), and remained, in compliance with instructions, to explain in person to the first infantry

