
Artillery, and Roser's chief ion that arm, where lost in attaming ut, The splendid gallantry of these three officers had been tsetses n may fields, and their conspicuous valor was universally known. The genial and dashing Thomas was killed leading cavalry, his guns not being present.

On the night of the 6th the position at Rice's Station was abandoned, and I moved in ear or Longstreet, crossing the Appomattox little above Farmville. Fighting took place between my rear and enemy's advance in the vicinity and in the streets of Farmville, it being found necessary to retard their progress to give time for the passage of the river by our troops.

Ont the 7th a portion of the enemy's cavalry, having crossed the river aging, made an attack on the wagon train moving upon our line of march. They were met by Monfourd in front, whilst Roser attached the flank, and were driven back with considerable loss, including amongst the captured their commanding general, J. Irvin, Gregg,. Our position was held near this point of attack until 12 p. m., when the march was resumed toward Appomattox Court-House. The calvary followed in the rear of Longstreet's corps, send maintained that order of march thought the 8th, followed by a portion of the federal infantry. Their calvary and the remainder of their infantry pursued the line of railroad from Farmville to Appomattox station .

During the evening of the 8th I received orders to move the cavalry corps to the front, and to report in person to the commanding general. Upon arriving at his headquarter I find General Longstreet there, and we were soon after joined by General Gordon. The condition of our situation was explained by the commanding general to us as the commanders of his three corps, and the correspondence between General Grant and himself, as far as it had then progressed, was laid before us. It was decided the I should attack the enemy's calvary at daylight, then reported as obstruction our farther march; Gordon was to support me, and in case nothing but cavalry were discovered we were to clear it form our our yet and open a way for our remaining troops; but in case they were supported by heavy bodies of infantry the commanding general should be at once notified, in order that a flag of truce should be sent to accede to the only alternative left us. The enemy were enabled to take position across our line of march by moving up form Appomattox Station, which they reached earlier than our main advance, in consequence of our march being retarded by our wagons trains.

At daybreak on the 9th Gordon's command, numbering about 1,600 muskets, was formed in line of battle half a mile west of Appomattox Cour-those, on the Lynchburg road. The calvary corps was domed on his right, W. H. F. Lee's division being nearest the infantry, Roseer's in the center, and Munford's on the extreme right, making amounted force of about 2,400 men. Our attack was made about sunrise, and the enemy's calvary quickly driven out of the way, with a loss of two guns and a number of prisoners. The arrival at this time of two corps of their infantry necessitated the retiring of our lines, during which, and knowing what would be the result, I withdrew the cavalry, W. H. F. Lee retiring toward our rear, and Rosier and Monford out toward Lynchburg, having cleared that road to the enemy. Upon hearing that the Army of Northern Virginia had surrendered, the men were generally dispersed and rode off to their homes, subject to reassembling for a continuation of the struggle. I rode out tin person with portion of W. H. F. Lee's division, the nearest to me tat that time, and previous to

