
the negotiations between the commanders of the two armies. It will be recalled that my action was in accordance with the views I had expressed in the council the night before-that it a surrender a compelled the next day, I would try to extricate the calvary,. provided it could be done without compromising the caution of the commanidng general, but that I would not avail myself of a cessation of hostilities pending the existence of a flag of truce. I had an understanding with General Gordan that he should communicate to you the information of the presence of the enemy's infantry upon the road in our front. Apart from the found, though forlorn, hope that future operations were still in store for the cavalry, I was desirous that they should not be included in the capitulations, because the ownership of their horses was vested in themselves, and I deemed it doubtful that terms would be offered allowing such owner ship to continue. A few days convinced me to the impracticability of longer entertaining such topes, and I rode into the Federal lines and accepted for myself the terms offered the officers of the Army of Northern Virginia. My calvary are being paroled at the nearest places for such purposes in their counties.

The burning by the enemy of all my retained reports, records, and date of every kind near Painville, in Amelia Country, which were in one of the wagons destroyed, and my inability to get reports from my officers, is my apology for the rendition of a report incomplete in many, though It think minor, details. I particularly regret not being able to do justice in this the only way I can to the many acts of gallantry performed by officers and men upon the memorable retreats: but such conduct is ostial derived from the reports of subordinate officers, the absence of which will explain it. I testify, however, to the general conduct of my officers and men as highly creditable to themselves upon every occasion which called forth its display. They fought everyday for the 29th of March to the 9th of April, boat inclusive, with a valor as steady as of yore, and whose brightness was not dimmed by the increasing clouds of adversity. I desire to call attention to the marked and excellent behavior of Generals W. H. F. Lee, Roseser, and Munford, commanding divisions. the former was detached from the main command, being the senior division commander, whenever it became necessary for a force to operate separately, and I hope has made a report direct to the commanding general. He surrendered with the army at Appomattox Court-House. he surrendered with the army at Appomattox Court-House. The other two succeed in getting out, and immediately made arrangements to continued the struggle, until the capitulation of General Johnston's army bought the convincing proof the a farther resistance was useless. The notice of the commanding general is also directed to Brigadier Gens. Henry A. Wise and Eppa Hunton, commanding infantry brigades, and who were more or less under my command until 'Amelia Court-house was rear head. The disheartening surrounding influences had no effect upon them; they kept their duty plainly in view, and they full performed it. The past services of General Herny. A. Wise, his antecedents in civil life, and his age, caused his bearing upon this most trying retreat to shine conspicuously forth. His unconquerable spirit was filled with as much earnestness and zeal in April, 1865, as when he first took up arms four yards ago, and the freedom with which he exposed a long life laden with honors proved he was willing to sacrifice it if it would conduce toward attaining the liberty of his county. Brigadier-General Munford, commanding my division, mentions most favorably Colonel W. A. Morgan, First Virginia Cavalry; Colonel W. b. Wooldridge, Fourth Virginia, Lieutenant Colonel Carry Breckinridge, Second Virginia (a brother of the gallant Captain James

