
Breckinridge, of the same regiment, who was killed at five Forks, as was not previously mentioned); Lieutenant-Colonels Old, Fourth Virginia, and Irving, First Virginia-all of Munford's old brigade; capt. Henry Lee, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Abram Warswik, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Mortimer Rogers, ordnance officer; and sergt. Major L. Griffin, Second Virginia Calvary.

I cannot close this my last official report without commending for their valuable services the following officers of my staff not previously mentioned, and who at the last moment were found doing their duty on the fated field of Appomattox; Majors Masion and Treanor, assistant adjutant and inspector generals; Major W. B. Warwick, chief commissary; Dr. A. C. Randolph, chief surgeon; Major Brethed, chief of artillery; Major G. M. Ryals, formerly of

General Stuart's staff, and Captain Lewellyn Saunderson, who, having just arrived from his native country, Lieutenant joined me previous to the fall of Petersburg,and remained with me to the last. The proverbial intrepidity of the dashing Mason andreckless Breathed upon every battle-field of the war that the Army of Northern Virginia contended for is too well known for me to do more than refer to. Major Warwick, apart from his onerous duties, rendered services on many fields, his cold courage casings him often to the employed in duties not immediately pertaining to his officer. I deeply regret being obliged to mention the dangerous wounding of my aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Charles Minnegeroude, jr. One of the last minieballs the which staled on its cruel errand over the field of Appomattox passed entirely through the popper part of his body. He fell at side, where for three long years he had discharged his duties with an affectionate fidelity never exceeded, a courage never surpassed. Wonderfully passing unharmed though the many battles fought by the two principal armies in this State (for an impetuous spirit often carried him where the fire was hottest), he was left at lat, writing in his great pain, to the mercy of the victors upon the field of our last struggle. The rapidly advancing line of the enemy prevented his removal, and as we turned away the west eyes and sorrowing hearts silnety told that one was no longer in our midst. Lieutenant Minnegerode combined the qualities of an aide-de-camp to a general officer in a remarkable degree. His personal services to me will forever be prized and remembered, whilst his intelligence, amiability, and brightness of disposition rendered him an object of endearment to all.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

FITZHUGH LEE,

Major-General, Commanding Cavalry.

General R. E. LEE.

APRIL 4, 1865.-Capture of the steamer Harriet De ford, near Fair Haven, Chesapeake Bay, Md.

Report of Captain Thaddeus Fitzhugh, Fifth Virginia Cavalry.

FREDERICKSBURG, VA., April 16, 1865.

GENERAL: In February, 1 865, in obedience to orders from you, I reported to General R. E. Lee, then before Petersburg, to submit to him the expediency of an expedition to Cherrystone, on the eastern shore of Chesapeake Bay, for the purpose of capturing the steamers

