
Eolus and Titan. In the interview the general inquired whether a transport laden with supplies for General Grant' army could not likewise be seized and run into certain inlets, and by the aid of the land forces the supplies secured and brought to the Confederate army. Thinking such a thing possible I so informed him and offered to undertake it. He then directed me to report to my commanding officer, who would give me a detail of thirty or forty men, and to Captain S. S. Lee, of the Confederate Navy, who would give me whatever assistance I needed in that department. I was directed by him to go into Chesapeake Bay at or near the month od rah Rappahannock in such boats as I could there secure and proceed up the bay to such point as in my judgment might promise the capture of the steamers Highland Light or Harriet De Ford at such point below Annapolis as a copy of the Baltimore Gazette informed us they stopped. If successful in the capture of the steamers I was to proceed down the bay, seize such transports loaded with sores as I could, and push them into certain in lest above the Rappahannock River, where two companies of Mosby's battalion and a train of wagons under charge of Major Robinson, of the quartermaster's department, would secure the goods from the transports, take them across the Rappahannock at Boiulware's Ferry, and then to the Confederate army at Richmond and Petersburg.

On the receipt of the above order I proceeded to execute it, and procured three open boats in which, under cover of night, we started up the bay from Wind-Mill Point, on the north side of the Rappahannock, reaching to Potomac River the next morning before day, where we remained for two days in consequence of head winds. On the third night, finding wind and tide favorable, we started keeping so close inshore as to hear them talking on the wharf at Point Lookout.

The next morning at about sunrise we reached Cedar Pont, near the mouth of the Patuxent River, where we hid our boats in the cedar brakes and my wearied men rested during the day. I with one man went up int the country to small village and reported ourselves as deserters from Grant's army, whose desired to go to Baltimore. From the citizens I learned that the De Ford wound drop down the river the next day en route for Baltimore, touching at the two of Marlborough. There being telegraphic communication from that place to Point Lookout and Washington City I desired it unsafe to attempt a capture from that point, but learning she would also make a landing at Fair Haven, about fourteen miles below Annapolis, i desired on that place. As soon as it was dark we launched our boasts and with fair wind and tide started up the bay as fast as our oared and sails would take us. Reaching Herring Bay the next morning about 4 o'clock we found it all dotted over with the lights from the mast-heads of the numerous vessels at anchor, and selecting one of the largest as well as the most isolated we proceeded to captured her as a prize to operate from as well as secrete my men until time for action. Arousing our officers and men from their quiet slumbers we took possession of the boat, securing the prisoners below under guard, where my men feasted on the fine oysters with which she was about one-third loaded. That morning equipping nineteen of my best men in the clothes of the boats crew we went on shore leaving the prisoners and balance of the men in charge of Lieutenant Dutton. On shore I learned that the Highland Light (one of the fastest boats on the bay) would make a landing at wharf on West River a few miles across by land from Fair Haven. I secured a wagon and team and we started over, staging that we were wood choppers, who wished to go to the astern shore of Maryland to procure

