
work, but we reached the wharf just in time to see the beautiful steamer majestically morning down the river, and out into the bay. Returning to Fair Haven we awaited the arrival of the De Ford, a fine steamer plying between the Government farms up the Patuxent and Baltimore.

As soon as the De Ford landed we went on board and procured passage for Baltimore under guise of wood-choppers., I immediately proceeded to place my men in positions to command all points of the boat, from the engine-room to the pilot-house, and when about five miles from shore, finding all was in readiness, I went to the pilot-house, where the captain was, exposing my uniform and arms, and demanded the surrender of the boat i nteh name of the Confederate States. Seeing resistance useless, he ordered the surrender of the boat, and a t a signal of the whistle my men quickly drew their pistols, to which was yielded the most perfect obedience.

We then turned the boat about the signaled for Lieutenant Dutton and rest of men to come on board the other vessels with prisoners. At the what we landed all non-combatants and apart of the boat-crew, commanding of them their parole of honor to give us such time as to get down the bay in safety. During the day before we could hear the heavy guns at both Annapolis and Washington City, and from the captain of the De Ford learned it was in ho or to the capture of Petersburg and the fall of Richmond, and knowing General Lee had changed his base, rendering the object of the expedition futile, I hastened down the bay as fast as steam could take us, hoping to get back to Lee's army as best we could.

We reached Dividing River a few miles north of the Rappahannock the next morning about daylight, when were pushed up the river as far as we could go, after which we removal from the boat all valuables and a part of the machinery and a gun (brass pivot gun) and then setting fire to her burnt the steamer to the waters' edge.

That afternoon about 4 o'clock, when removing some of the stores from the shore, we saw a squadron of seven gun-boats coming up the river at a slow and cautious gait, shelling the shores on both sides.

I had with me on this expedition Lieutenant Dutton and twenty-eight men, most of my Company F, Fifth Regiment Virginia Cavalry. Payne's brigade. We started in three open boats, going nearly 100 miles by water in three nights. Our captures, 2 vessels, 1 steamer, 1 cannon, 62 stand of small-arms, and many other valuable stores, and 205 prisoners, including about 60 negroes. Our loss none.

Respectfully submitted.

T. FITZHUGH,

Captain, Commanding Company F, Fifth Va., Cav., Payne's Brigade.

Brigadier General W. H. PAYNE,

C. S. A., Commanding Brigade.

APRIL 8-10, 1865.-Scout form Vienna into Loudoun County, Va.

Report of Colonel Nelson B. Sweitzer, Sixteenth New York Cavalry.

HDQRS. SIXTEENTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEER CAVALRY, Vienna, Va., April 11, 1865.

CAPTAIN; I have the honor to report that, agreeably to Orders Numbers 71, headquarters First Separate Brigade, I proceeded, with 412 men, by roads on the right of the Little River turnpike, and on

