
reaching Aldie sent a squadron into the town. Here I learned that the Eighth Illinois had passed in the direction of Middleburg. I also learned that Mosby had been quartered near Harmony, which his men int the neighborhood, for some time. Crossing the Bull Run Mountains about three miles north of Aldie, I proceeded toward Snickersville and turned toward Harmony. I did not see any guerrillas until near Aldie, where several shots were exchanged; between Aldie and Harmony several charged by my flankers, and one rebel shot. Reaching Harmony I found that Mosby had left two days before, with all his men quartered in that vicinity, to a rendezvous at Upperville, for a raid, supposed to be on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. I found that the men conscripted lately by Mosby had left, and that his hand is becoming very obnoxious to the citizens; that the recent victories of our armies were creating an active and outspoken Union sentiment. The desire is to have peace-with coffee, sugar, &amp;c. Returning by Leesburg, I found the citizens quiet sociable-the formerly could and distant secession element quite anxious that we would accept some token of their hospitality, and the union men, formerly whispering, now quiet independent. I think the political health of this department is rapidly improving.

A great deal of rain having fallen during the scout, I found Goose Creek flooded. I, however, succeeded in crossing the command without loss, though a number were carried past the ford by the current. My men brought me quite a number of prisoners, but I could find nothing to justify me in retaining them-having no arms, and not having been taken in any hostile act.

The race of guerrillas is rapidly returning to their formed pursuits, the hatred of t eh Yankee invader not being such now as to excite a population to arms and individual desperation.

I had no loss in my command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. SWEITZER,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Volunteers Cavalry, Commanding Regiment.

Captain C. I. WICKERSHAM,

Asst. Adjt. gen. First Separate Brigadier, Fairfax Court-house, Va.

APRIL 8-10, 1865.-Scout from Fairfax Court-House into Loudoun Country, Va.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel David R. Clendenin, Eighth Illinois Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY, Fairfax Court-house, Va., April 11, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with instructions from Bvt. Brigadier General William Gamble, I left this place on the evening of the 8th, with 400 men of the Eight Illinois Cavalry, for the purpose of scourging Loudoun Valley, south of the Snickersville pike, in search of Mosby's command. Marching at night, I arrived in the valley about 1 a. m., half my force passing through Cool Spring Gap and t he other half through the gap at Aldie. Spreading over the country the houses were searched for concealed soldiers, but not one was found. One company went three miles north of Goose Creek on the Snickersville pike, and the whole force concentrated near Middleburg at daylight. The only intelligence thus far obtained was that Mosby had concentrated his forces at Upperville on the 8th and moved away.

