
Arriving at upperville I learned that Mosby had been there they day previous, as reported,with considerable force, variously estimated, ranging from 400 to 900 men. From the best information I could obtain one company was sent to Maryland for the purpose of robbing a bank; another company, under Bush Underwood, was sent down to operate on this line; Mosby, with the balance of his command, crossed over into the Shenandoah to propriae against Hancock's forces.

On the 6th forty Federal prisoners passed through Upperville, having been taken by Mosby's men near Harper's Ferry. These prisoners were reported to have belonged to the Loudoun Rangers.

From Upperville I moved in three columns, scourging the country, and encamped between Rectortown and White Plains, from which place I marched to camp yesterday.

During the whole trip not over fifteen rebels were seen by the entire command, two of them being captured near Sudley's Mills, and they belonged to White's battalion; about a half dozen more were seen in that vicinity. I brought in twenty-two horses, seventeen of them U. S. horses; they were found being branded. Two were found near Broad Run, with old U. S. saddles on, bridles tied up, &amp;c.; they belonged to the two men afterward captured, who had in the meantime provided other horses.

Twenty-two horses, 4 saddles, 3 revolvers and holsters, 2 belts comprise the captured property. They are subject to your order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. R. CLENDENIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain C. I. WICKERSHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Separate Brigade.

APRIL 10, 1865.-Skirmishes near Burke's Station and at Arundel's Farm, Va.

Report of Colonel Charles Albright, Two hundred and second Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Post at Fairfax Station.

HEADQUARTERS, Fairfax Station, Va., April 10, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that this morning I received information, though a source that I consider reliable, that the a force of rebel cavalry was south of this post moving toward Bruke's Station for the purpose of capturing trains at work there. I immediately order out all the cavalry I have under my command, and started in t eh direction indicated. About three miles from their I came upon the trail of the enemy, and followed it toward Burke's Station, in the neighborhood of which place some shots were exchanged between the enemy and a detachment of Company K, Eight Illinois Cavalry. The rebels upon being discovered beat back into the woods, and upon my recovery of the rail again followed, taking with me Lieutenant Hupp's command. At Arundel's I discovered them formed in line, and behind the house, barn, and fences. I ordered my men into line as rapidly as I could, advanced, and opened fire. The rebels soon broke and I charged after them. We drove them to Wold Run Shoals, and saw

