
April 2.-Participated in the capture of Fort Gregg; from thence in pursuit of Lee's army.

April 6.-Skirmished with the enemy at Rice's Station.

April 9.-Arrived at Appomattox Court-House, at which place Lee surrendered; moved from thence to our present encampment.

Second Brigade, First Division.

January 3.-Brigade broke camp before Richmond.

January 5.-In the morning embarked on board transports at Bermuda Landing. Brigade headquarters on board steamer General Lyon.

January 13.-Arrived off New Inlet, N. C., in the morning, and immediately proceeded to disembark, which was done in small boats, landing in the surf. Held the right of the line fronting Wilmington until 4 p. m. of the 15th.

January 15.-4 p. m., the attack having commenced on Fort Fisther, the brigade was ordered to the fort. Entered the fort at 5 p. m., and at 10 attacked that part of the works not already taken. After the work was carried, moved down the beach toward Battery Buchanan, which having surrendered, together with its force, the brigade returned to the right of the line fronting Wilmington. Remained there during the rest of the month, completing earth-works and in the time making two considerable reconnaissances toward Wilmington, capturing each time between fifty and sixty men.

Second Division.

January 2.-This division received marching orders.

January 4.-Embarked on transport at Bermuda Hundred.

January 6.-Division, with the rest of the second Wilmington expedition, sailed from Fort Monroe for Fisher, N. C.

January 13.-Arrived near Fort Fisher; disembarked same day.

January 15.-Stormed and captured Fort Fisher, with its entire garrison. Since then and up to the present time [January 31] it has been doing garrison duty at Forts Fisher and Caswell and at Smithville.

Second Brigade, Second Division.

[January.]-The monthly report for the month of December left this brigade in the trenches at Chaffin's farm, Va.

January 3.-In the afternoon the brigade broke camp and marched to Bermuda Hundred, where it bivouacked until afternoon of the 4th.

January 4.-Brigade embarked on board transports Varuna and Tonawanda and proceeded to Fort Monroe.

January 5.-Arrived at that place at 12 m. and anchored in the harbor.

January 6.-At 4 a. m. the fleet weighed anchor and put out to sea en route for Fort Fisher.

January 13.-Arrived at Federal Point in the morning and disembarked during the day.

January 14.-The brigade was engaged in throwing up rifle-pits near the Flag-Pole Battery, and during the night was ordered to take a position in rear of Brevet Brigadier-General Curtis' brigade, operating against Fort Fisher.

