
their rear cross. I did not deem it prudent to follow any farther, from the fact that our horses were pretty well exhausted and the column pretty well scattered along the road. The enemy's force e was a battalion of Mosby's command, Companies D and H, Captain Baylor in command-Captain Briscoe was in command of Company D-numbering altogether about 2150 men. They had started from Upperville Saturday morning last.

The casualties are as follows: Company G, 2 men slightly wounded, 3 horses killed and 3 wounded; Company H, 1 horse killed; Company K, 1 horse killed and 1 wounded.

List of prisoners and property captured; Richard McVey (wounded severely), Edward Hefflebower, Thomas F. Harvey, engineers Bureau, lieutenant Company F, Sixth Missouri-brought ordnance to Colonel Mosby and joined his command; First Sergt. David G. Mohler, Company H; Samuel Rogers. Six horses captured. Six or 8 horses killed; 7 complete sets of horse equipments.

The road from Mr. Arundel's to Wolf Run Shoals was stern with blankets, boats, caps, &amp;c. I have no doubt a number of the enemy was wounded, and probably some killed, that were got away through the woods.

I cannot speak too highly of the gallantry of Captain Warner, Lieutenant Brooks and Hupp, and also of their men. It is also my duty to add that the information was brought me from Arundel's a heretofore suspected rebel family. Shall I send the prisoners over?

I have the honor to be, very truly, your obedient servant,

CHAS. ALBRIGHT,

Colonel 202nd Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Commanding Post.

Captain CHARLES I. WICKERSHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SEPARATE BRIGADE, Fairfax Court-House, Va., April 10, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to department headquarters.

Credit is due to Colonel Albright for his energy in obtaining the information, and especially to Captain Warner, who commanded and led the detachment Eighth Illinois Cavalry in his us allay. Captain Warner is, and always has been, an excellent fighting officer, and is eminently worthy of his position and the regiment he belongs to.

W. GAMBLE,Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

APRIL 15-23, 1865.-Scout through the counties of Randolph and Pocahontas, W. Va., and of Bath and Highland, Va.

Report of Captain Joseph Badger, Eight Ohio Cavalry.

PHILIPPIC, W. VA., April 23, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of a detachment of 150 men of the Eighth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, sent our under my command, by Special Orders, Numbers 32, dated headquarters Eighth Ohio Volunteers Cavalry, Philippic, W. Va., April 15, 1865:

The command consisted of detailed men from different companies and was divided into four parties-Lieutenant McConkey, 45 men;

