
Lieutenant Rockafield, 45; Lieutenant Daltion, 30; Lieutenant Swain, 30. The arms consisted of 40 Spencer carbines, 60 rounds of ammunition each; 110 Burnside carbines, 100 rounds each; 150 sabers, and a very few revolvers.

Saturday, April 15, received orders at 2 p. m.; marched at 3. Intended to march term miles stop for night. It remained hard and the night promised to be had. I concluded to march through to Beverly where men could get shelter for themselves and horses. Before sundown stopped an hour and a half for feed and supper.

Sunday, 16th, reached Beverly at 1 a. m. During forenoon all i formation I could gather induced me to believe we could accomplish more by marching via Huntersville toward Warn Springs, taking Monterey and Hightewon in rear on our return, than by marching direct to Hightown. Telegraphed to the general commanding at Clarsburg asking permission to take the Huntersville route. Request granted. Drew one day's rations and marched at 2 p. m. At sundown bivouacked three miles from Huttonsville on the direct road to Hightwon, and did what I could to create the impression that we were going on that route in strong force. Thirty men on picket.

Monday, 17th, marched very quietly at 2 a. m. across the neck of country between the Hightown and Lewisburg roads, fording Tygart River and coming into the latter road four miles above Huttonsville. An hour after sunrise stopped for breakfast, and fed. Moved steadily all day, stopping at sundown the north foot of Elk Mountain, within eight miles of Marlin's Bottom bridge. Forty-five men on picket. Had heard that Joe Gay hands a few bushwhackers and horse thieves about Stony Creek, Marlin's Bottom,and Huntersville before daylight; but hearing that Captain McNeill, a noted guerrilla, was at his home near Huntersville, I concluded to send at once and secure him if possible. dispatched Sergeant Walker, of Company I, at 10 a. m., with fifteen men, to get thin and pick up every one about Huntersville, waiting the till I came up.

Tuesday, 18th, marched at 2 a. m. Had twenty men, under Fist Sergeant Nelson, Company I, scour Stony Creek for a distance of four miles for Gay's men; to join me at the bridge over Greebrier. He found on one. Moved on the Huntersville. Sergeant Walker had picket up several stragglers and deserters. McNeill had left home the day before. Put up here one of the telegrams, and told all people I saw the terms on which rebels could come in and be paroled. They seemed gratified. Moved on toward Warm Springs, Lieutenant Swain's party, armed with Spencers, in advance. At Knap's Creek, seven miles beyond Huntersville, he hears of some rebels up the valley, and went to find them. I moved one mile spats Knap's Creek, and halted for him to join me. Before halting I had picket up a few fellows, from whom I learned at that Jackson's command was disbanded at Buchanan on Saturday last, and the men were on their way home in squads, some coming on the road that we were moving on. Met a family of refugees, the women of which were frightened, and reported they had heard the at party of 300 of Jackson's men, armed and partly mounted, left Warm Springs this morning going to Huntersville, whence they were going to disperse to their homes. Heard different stories of their strength, all the way from 50 to 400, but the persons from whom I got the reports were panicky, and I placed no reliance in the report of any of one party so large. Thought there might be different squads of

