
from twenty to forty, possibly fifth men. While waiting for Lieutenant Swain, and in less than an hour after I had heard these reports, my advance, under First Sergeant Lewellyn, Company F, was suddenly and furiously attacked. The attack was so sharp and came so soon after the reports of a large party of the enemy, that I was a little suspicious; so I immediately threw my there companies into a sharp to make a strong fight if the enemy were in force, and to pursue instantly if he were not, also to give him an exaggerated idea of our number if it were simply a party of obstruction. Send for Lieutenant Swain to join me as soon as possible; then galloped forward to see whetted was. All this had occupied but a very few minutes. I found the enemy were running up the side of the mountain o getaway. Told Lieutenant McConkey to take his company instantly up the hill after them and shove them at top speed. Told Sergeant Llewellyn to dash ahead after a few who had run back on the road by which they came . He captured one, who said it was a squared of twenty-five, with Major Hutton, Captain Marshall, and Captain Harding, going to their homes. As soon as Lieutenant Sweain came up I moved only. Lieutenant McConkey joined me in two hours, having chased them four miles across the mountains. They tried to fight him, But he pushed so Hardtaht part of them had to abandon their horses and run on foot through places where a horse could not follow. Moved ahead till toward evening, when I got the command into a secreted place, where I feed and got supper, on e company at a time. I knew they would watch and see what route we took from Gaterwood's,perhaps gather nought men to bushwhack the road on which they expected us. At Gatewoods', ten miles this side of arm Springs, the road for Monterey and Hightown runs north up Grat Back Creek,. The pike to Warm Springs turns south and follows down the creek three miles, then crosses it and passes over a high mountain into the Jackson River valley. At Gatewood's a few fellows tried to skirmish with the advance, but were easily chased. The only benefit they derived was to gain the impression that we had 700 or 800 men. I managed to pass the forks of the road a little before dark, and pushed ahead on the Warm Springs road, going as far as the ford, three miles . It then being completely dark, went into a large field and lay down to sleep, whole command saddled and bridled. No fire., Fifty men on picket. At 12 midnight got the command up quietly and marched in perfect silence back past Gatewood'

s and up the road for Monterey, distant thirty-eight miles.

Wednesday, 19th, by daylight had marched sixteen miles from Gatewoods', searching every houses for rebel stragglers. Found a little grain in some places, which was the first we had picket up. The people all up the valley of Back Creek were completely surprised. They had heard during the night that we had marched to Warm Springs. The story had spared that we were a strong force of calvary gain through by forced marches to join General Grant at Staunton or somewhere else. Within seven miles of Monterey the road forks, left-hand going to Crab Botton. The horses were a good deal third, and I concluded not to move the while command around that way. Send a party of thirty men to search that part, and join me at Crab Bottom. Picked up several rebels along the road to Crab Bottom, and within a few miles of that place captured Major Armesy, Thirty-third [Battalion] Virginia [Cavalry], commander of reserve of three counties. He was trying to run up a hill and escape us. Reached Hevener's farm, in Crab Bottom, just after dark. By this time the horses were a good deal

