
Saturday, 22nd, rested at Beverly. Send prisoners on at 2 p.m. with strong guard to march twelve miles. Major Armesy tells me he expected to see the command attacked bout Huttonsville, as he was sure there were men thought Pocahontas who would come across and attempt his rescue. As Captain Harding has not made his appearance nor been heard of at a late hour to-night, I have no doubt he had some design against us. He has no chance.

Sunday, 23rd, marched at 7 a. m.; reached Philippi at 4 p. m.

I inclose a sketch* of our route, drawn by Lieutenant Swain.

i take pleasure in reporting that I received the most hearty co-operation and support from the other officers. I attribute our little expedition going off so well and successfully entirely to this fact. If we had met serious difficulty the spirit that the officers have manifested would have been most valuable to me.

From Beverly I was accompanied by Corpl. Samuel Goodwin, Privates Tomlinson, Golliday, and Hare, all of Company A,. First Virginia Cavalry, and Mr. Frank Farris, a citizens, as guides. They gave me much valuable information in regard to roads and people.

I found the people all through my route completely conquered; Lee's surrendered has finished them. They see no hope in further resistance and are willing to submit on our terms. They seemed gratified when they heard the terms. There are a great many stragglers and deserters all through the country who have no idea of going back to the army, but being afraid of us they run and hide as much as possible. I believe when they understand our terms they will all come in and give the parole. I met several paroled men of Lee's army. I judge from their talk that they will be an army of missionaries all through the South to preach to the people and entire of common sense and the folly of further resistance. From the spirit of submission that seems to have the taken possession of the people since Lee's surrender, I believe that kindness and leniency toward them now would have the most beneficial results. Their only desire seems to be to get back their owns, brothers, and husbands who have been in the army, and live in peace. Before I explained to them they supposed that all who had been in the rebel army would be confined in Northern prisoners for life. I would suggest (in my humble judgment it would do vast good) that to cavalry parties be sent to post up and distribute all over the territory incur front large numbers of all the printed orders that have been promulgated since Lee's surrender in regard to the terms on which both soldiers and people can give up and return to their homes in peace. It would afford me very great pleasure to take 200 men thought the counties of Pocahontas, Greenbrier, Mounroe, Craig, Allegheny, and Bath on such a mission. In a very short time the grass through that country will be such that cavalry can subsist very well.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH BARGER,

Captain, Eighth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

Lieutenant E. KELLY,

Adjutant Eighth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

---------------

*See Plate CXVI, Map 3 of the Atlas.

---------------

