
APRIL 23-29, 1865.-Expedition from Burkeville and Petersburg to Danville and South Boston, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General Horatio G. Wright, U. S. Army, commanding Sixth Army Corps.

Numbers 2.-Captain Edward Whiteford, Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Acting Aide-de-Camp to Bvt. Major General Wesley Merritt, U. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Reports of Major General Horatio G. Wright, U. S. Army, commanding Sixth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, Danville, April 27, 1865-3.20 p. m. (Received 4.30 p. m.)

I have the honor to report that the advance of this corps entered this place and received its surrender from the authorities at 9.45 this a. m. and that the corps is now going into camp about a mile south of the down. I will send further report this evening. The corps has marched from beyond Burkeville Station to this point, a distance of at least 100 miles, since last Sunday morning; is in good condition and ready for any movements that may be ordered, thought I should prefer that the men and animals be allowed on day's rest. General Sheridan was at Boydton at 8 p. m. yesterday.

H. G. WRIGHT,Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff.

DANVILLE, VA., April 27, 1865-7.35 p. m.(Received 8.25 p.m.)

The captures at this place are, as far as reported, as follows: About 500 prisoners, 4 locomotives, 67 box and platform cars, 2 cannon, dismounted and mostly disabled; for manufacturing muskets, &amp;c., taken from Harper's Ferry and subsequently from Richmond. Of the prisoners captured 132 are sick and wounded in hospital.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain Edward Whiteford, Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Acting Aide-de-Camp to Bvt. Major General Wesley Merritt, U. S. Army.

HDQRS. CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, Mary 5, 1865.

GENERAL: In obedience to orders, I have the honor to make the following report of the marches of the command since its departure from Petersburg on the 24th of April, 1865:

Sunday, the 23th of April, 1865, headquarters calvary, Ford's house, near Petersburg. Orders issued for reveille to be blown at 4 a. m., and the command to be in readiness to move at 6 a. m. the following morning (Monday). The command to carry fifteen days' rations and two days' forage. The attention of division and brigade commanders called to the shoeing of t heir command. Forges hard at work all day.

Monday, 24th April, reveille at 4 a. m. Headquarters, together with the command, moved out at 6 a. m. on the Boydton plank road, Sec-

