
ond Division (Army of the Potomac) Cavalry, Major-General Crook commanding, in advance, followed by First and Third Divisions Cavalry, Middle Military Division; passed through Dinwiddie Court-House at 11.30 a. m., halted to rest; proceeded on the march. Headquarters and the command went into camp within half a mile of north bank Nottoway River. General Crook's command camped on the south side. Distance marched, twenty-five miles. Nature of country, wooded.

Tuesday, April 25, reveille at 4 a. m. Headquarters and the command moved out at 6 a. m. Order of march-First, Third, and General Crook's command. Marched south on the Boydton plank road. Crossed the Waqua and Great Creeks. About one mile beyond the latter took the road to the left in the direction of Lawrenceville; turned to the right, crossed Red Creek at the mill on Doctor Price's plantation; halted to let the command close up; proceeded on the march. Reached the Meherrin River at 3 p. m.; found the ford in very indifferent condition. Pioneers of First Division order up to repair the banks of the river at the ford, under the supervision of Major Drew and Captain Gordon. Ford repaired; commenced crossing headquarters wagons of Generals' Sheridan and Merritt; banks of ford very much injured by the crossing of the latter. Found it impossible to cross the command that night; orders for First Division to cross countermanded, and first Brigade, of First Division, to remain on north bank. Headquarters and First Bridge, First Division, went into camp at 11 p.m. two miles scout of the river. Distance marched, twenty five miles.

Wednesday, 26th of April, reveille at 4 a. m. Headquarters, together with the command, moved out at 6 a. m., First Division in advance. Marched south on the Boydton plank road. Halted two hours during the march to rest the command. Reached Boydton two hours during the march to rest the command. Reached Boydton at 4 p. m. Headquarters at Doctor Jordon's. Distance marched, twenty-four miles. Received marching orders at 10 p. m. to move at 6 a. m. following morning of Abbyville.

Thursday, 27th of April, reveille at 4 a. m. Headquarters, together with the command, Third Division in advance, moved out at 6 a. m. in the direction of Abbyville. Reached Staunton River at 11 a. m., and commenced crossing. Second Division (General Crok's command) followed in order of march, and camped on south side of the river. Owing ot the lateness of the hour the First Division could not be crossed, and went into camp on north side of the river. Headquarters at Mr. Russell's, half a mile from brigade. Distance marched, nineteen miles. Too much credit cannot be awarded to the inhabitants or this part of the country for the energy and zeal displayed to facilitate the crossing of the command. To Major Young and his scouts, for the energy during the night of the 26th in procuring the boats to build the bridges, credit is also partly due.

Friday, 28th of April, reveille at 4 a. m. Headquarters, together with the command, moved out at 6 a. m. (the First Division had been crossing since daylight), General Crook's command in advance, followed by Third and First Divisions. Marched in the direction of Boston, crossing the Banister River at Clark' farm. Reached Boston, a depot on the Richmond and Danville Railroad, at 1 p. m, where the column was halted on account of the surrender of Johnston's army. A detachment of the Sixth Corps occupied the place. Distance marched, about twenty miles. headquarters at Mr. A. Bruce's. Feeling of the people about the country for the Union good.

