
Saturday, 29th of April, reveille at 4 a. m. Headquarters, together with the command, moved out at 6 a. m., First and Third Divisions followed by General Crook's command. Crosed Banister and Difficult Creek, passing through Scottsburg, and crossing the Staunton River over pontoon bridges built by the engineers of Sixth Corps. Distance marched, twenty miles. Headquarters at Hutchinson's house, about three miles north of river.

Sunday, 30th of April, reveille at 4 a. m. Headquarters, together with the command, moved out at 11 a. m. Third, Second (General Crook's), and First Divisions marched on the Keysville road, crossing the Merritt River near Pleasant Grover. Headquarters went into camp at Mr. Arvin's, distant from river about two miles and a quartermaster . Distance marched, about twenty-three miles. Roads in good order. Second Division, General Crook's command, to [ok] the left hand road.

Monday, May 1, reveille at 4 a. m. Headquarters, together with the command, moved out at 7 a. m., First Division in advance. Marched in the direction of Blacks and Whites, passing through Hungarytown and over Little Nottoway Creek. Reached Blacks and Whites at 2.45 p. m. Went into camp at the depot, where forage awaited the command. Distance marched, about twenty-three miles.

Tuesday, May 2, reveille at 4.30 a. m. Headquarters, together with the command, moved out at 6 a. m., and marched in direction of Petersburg. Reached there 11 a. m. Halted outside of town, awaiting orders. Reaching orders to go into camp on the north side of Appomattox River. General Crook's command marched on the Dinwiddie Court-House road. Distance marched, about fifteen miles.

Trusting the above account will prove satisfactory, I have the honor to remain, general, your obedient servant,

E. WHITERORD,

Captain, Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Acting Aide-de-Camp.

Brevet Major-General MERRITT.

APRIL 26, 1865.-Capture of J. Wilkes Booth and David E. Herold, at Garrett's Farm, near Port Royal, Va.

Report of Lieutenant Edward P. Hoherty, Sixteenth New York Calvary.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT SIXTEENTH NEW YORK CAVALRY, Washington, D. C. April 29, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on Monday, April 24, 1865, I received the following order:

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS, April 24, 1865.

COMMANIDNG OFFICE DETACHMENT SIXTEENTH NEW YORK CAVALRY:

SIR: The major-general commanding directs that you detail twenty-five men, well mounted, to be commanded by a reliable and discreet commissioned officer, to report at once to Colonel L. C. Baker, Special Agent, War Department, 217 Pennsylvania avenue, opposite, Willard's Hotel. Report your action.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,A. R. SEWALL,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

