
mand, making a detour of some fifteen miles by the way of King George Court-House, forming a junction with Mr. Conger at Conway's Ferry at 2 p.m .

April 25, 1865.-Up to this time we had found no trace of the assassin or his accomplice. I then stopped to feed. It was thought by the detective that we would not find any traces of the assassins. After feeding, however, I determined to push across the ferry; Mr. Conger, one of the detectives, remained at the house. Mr. Baker, the other detective, accompanied me to the ferry, where I met a negro, who informed me that men answering the description crossed the day before and that one of them had been into Mr. Roland's house. Mr. Kaber and myself proceeded to the house of Mr. Roland, and there, after exhibiting the photographs, we concluded that we were on their track.

I dispatched three men in a small boat to bring over a scow, which was on other side of the Rappahannock River; I also dispatched one man to inform Mr. Conger that we had track of the assassins, and to come down immediately. Mr. Rollins, at the ferry, informed me that two men were brought there from Mathias Point by a negro, to whom they had paid $15, and wanted to engaged him, Rollins, to take them to Orange Court-House; that he refused togo so far, but they engaged him to take them to Bowling Green for$10; that theses men showed great anxiety to get across the river, and wished him (Mr. Rollins) to use his small boat, and they would pay him extra; that Herold told him that they were brothers, and that Booth was wounded at Petersburg; that he refused this small boat for the reason he was using it putting out his fishing net; that, at about this time, three Confederate soldiers came up and shook hands with one the them. Herold then came to the house and apologized for not taking the horse and wagon, and said he had met and old schoolmate, and that they were going to radian "twin." Mr. Rollins said the three soldiers were Captain Willie Jett, Lieutenants Ruggles said the three soldiers were Captain Willie

Jett, Lieutenants Ruggles and Bainbridge; that Captain Jett was courting a young lady by the name of Godlman, whose father keep hotel at Bowling Green. In the meantime the horses and men were being ferried across as rapidly as possible. At 6 a. m. my whole command was across, and I moved on thwart Blowing Green. On the road, about there miles form Prot Royal, I met a negro on horseback; not wishing to lose time I rode ahead of the column and directed the negro to turn back and ride beside myself. I learned from him that the party that we were in quiets of had all returned except Captain William Jett (rebel). Proceeding along we arrived at a house seven miles from Bowling Green. I learned here that some of Mosby's men had been along the day before and taken three horses from three Yankee soldiers. Mesrs. Conger and Baker entered the house and were informed that the party who had passed there the previous day had all returned except Captain Jett. The house of Mrs. Clark, some four miles distant, was spoken of as a place where some of the party might be. I determined, however, to push on to Bowling Green and secure the said Captain Jett. Arriving within about half a mile of the town I dismounted ten men, who were ordered to accompany Mr. Baker into the town. Mr. Conger, Rollins (the guide), and myself rode ahead and surrounded the house; the dismounted men shortly afterward arrived and surrounded the house and outhouses; this was about 12 o'clock midnight. We knocked about fifteen minutes at each door without receiving any reply; at length a negro appeared on the street who showed the way to the negro house in rear, and on entering I asked a negro where Willie was, meaning Captain Jett; he replied that he was in bed

