
January 15.-In the morning the brigade formed line of battle in rear of the First Brigade and about 400 yards from the fort, which was successfully assaulted at 3 p. m. After the fort the brigade was ordered to move about one mile up the river, where it bivouacked for the night.

January 16.-In the morning moved down near the Flag-Pole Battery, where it remained until the morning of the 19th.

January 19.-Brigade moved over near the Cape Fear River and encamped, where it remained during the month.

Second Brigade, Second Division.

January 3.-The brigade (except the Ninth Maine Volunteers, which remained at the front in the Army of the James) broke camp and marched to Bermuda Hundred, where it bivouacked for the night.

January 4.-In the evening embarked on board transports De Molay and Thames.

January 5.-Sailed for Fort Monroe in the morning, arriving there that afternoon.

January 6.-In the morning sailed from Fort Monroe down the coast, passing Cape Henry.

January 8.-Arrived off Beaufort, N. C.

January 9.-A storm set in, continuing nearly the whole of the 10th.

January 12.-Sailed for Fort Fisher, and effected a landing on the beach about three miles above the fort on the morning of the 13th. The brigade, being the first to land, captured a battery containing one heavy gun, also forty head of cattle near it.

January 15.-Took part in the assault on Fort Fisher, which resulted in its captured at 10 o' clock same night.

January 16.-One of the reserve magazines in the fort exploded, killing and wounding many. The One hundred and sixty-ninth New York Volunteers, being nearest, suffered the most. Since the 16th brigade has been engaged in garrisoning Fort Fisher and Battery Buchanan, and such other duties as it has called on to perform.

First Brigade, Third Division.

[January.]-During the month the brigade has been on the line on Chaffin's farm, Va., picketing its front. The time has been occupied in drilling, equipping, &amp;c., the command.

January 24.- When the enemy's boats passed our batteries on the James, a few shells were thrown from Fort Gilmer into the camp.

[February.]-No events of special importance have taken place during the last month. The troops have been dong picket and fatigue duty. The time has been devoted to drilling and equipping the command.

[March.]-No events of special importance have taken place during the past month.

March 27.-The command moved from its old position and relieved the First Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps, and are now picketing the front, formerly occupied by that division. The headquarters are established at the old headquarters of General Foster, commanding First Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps.

[April.]-At the commencement of the present month this command was stationed on the lines near Chaffin's farm, Va.

