
Conger inquired where the room was, &amp;c. In a few moments Mrs. Goldman opened the door, and we asked for her son; she showed us up stairs, and we found Jett and her son in head, partly undressed. We took Jett down stairs and informed him our business, telling him that if he did not forthwith inform us where the men were he should suffer; that no parley would be taken, &c. He requested that two of the party withdraw and leave him with one, and he would make a full statement of what the knew of the assassin's whereabouts. This was granted. Mr. Baker and myself had scarcely left the room when he told Mr. Conger that he would slow us the place. On learning this I took him in my own charge. His horse was got out, he was mounted, and we went back to the house of Mr. Garrett, about twelve miles from Bowling Green. I ordered my command to surround the house, and, as a precautionary measure, sent six men in rear of the bar nm and outbuildings. While I was placing my men around the buildings. While I was placing my men around the buildings the detectives knocked at the door, which was opened by the elder Mr. Garrett, who was much excited; he said the men who had been there went to the woods the previous evening. While engaged in conversation the son of Mr. Garrett came in, advising the father to tell where they were. I seized this man by the collar, and pulled him out of the door and down the steps, put my revolen to his head and told him to tell me at once where the two assassins were; he replied, "in the barn." I said "show me to barn." We started on the run for the barn, I holding him by the collar, calling on my men to follow mean surround more closely the building I should indicate. Inthe meantime another of the Garrett sons appeared, who was seized by one of the detectives and ordered to get a candle. He immediately procured a candle. On arriving at the barn I left the Garrett I had in charge with some of my men, and posted my men around the barn. This accomplished, I returned to the front of the barn, and found Garrett coming out of the barn; it appears that he had been sent in there during my absence to summons Booth to surrender. This i disapproved, as there were soldiers enough there to perform such duty. Booth, however, refused to surrender. The detectives were in favor of firing the barn, which I opposed, declaring my intention ot wait until day light and I would send my men thought the four different doors and over power the assassin, but after consultation the project of burning the building was abandoned for the time being. Inthe meantime considerable conversation took place concerning the surrender of Booth between Mr. Baker, myself, and the assassin. Sergt. Boston Corbett, Company L, Sixteenth New York Cavalry asked permission to enter the barn alone, which I refused. Booth all this time was very defiant and refused to surrender. At one time he said if we would draw up in line fifty paces off he would come out, adding that he was lame and had only one leg. This, however, I refused. Booth up to this time had denied there was anyone in the barn besides himself. Considerable conversation now took place between myself. Booth,and the detectives. We threatened to burn the barn if he did not surrender;at one time gave him ten minutes to make up his mind. Finally, Booth said, "Oh, captain, there is a man here who wants to surrender awful bad." I answered, and I think Mr. Baker did at the same time, "Hand out your arms." Herold replied, "I have none." Baker said, "We know excelty what you have got." Booth replied, "I own all the arms, and intend to use them on your gentlemen." After some little parley I said, "Let him out." Some one objected. I ordered Garrett, the younger son, who had the key, to unlock the barn,

