
In conclusion I beg to state that it has afforded my command and myself inexpressible pleasure to be the humble instruments of capturing the foul assassins who caused the death of our beloved President and plunged the nation in mourning.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

EDWARD P. DOHERTY,

First Lieutenant, Sixteenth New York Cavalry, Commanding Detachment.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Dept. of Washington.

APRIL 26-MAY 5, 1865.-Operations in the Shenandoah Valley, Va.

Report of Colonel Horatio B. Reed, Twenty-second New York Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-SECOND NEW YORK CAVALRY, May 5, 1865.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders from the major-general commanding, I moved on the 26th of April, 1865, from the Provisional Brigade with a force consisting of the Twenty-second New York and Eighteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and camped for the night at Cedar Creek. On the following day I marched to Mount Jackson, campaign there for the night. At the last-named place, as I was about going into camp, I sent forward a small force. When within carbine range they fired on my advance, and immediately retired over the hills and into the woods, out of my sight. I deployed a company to ascertain if these men were connected with a larger force, but soon satisfied myself that they were a small party of guerrillas, having no connection with troops.

On Friday, April 28, I marched to Harrisonburg, and while there in camp, agreeable to orders, I sent forward a force with one of the scouts from army headquarters to arrest a man named Richerbuker, at whose house the detective from Washington was said to have been last seen. The force arrested three men, who were brought to my headquarters. They all proved satisfactorily to me that neither of them was the person in question and that no such man lived in the country.

On Saturday, April 29, I marched to Staunton. Learned at his place that General Rosser had left there the same morning, but without any force. He had been for several days, in connection with a General Lilley, endeavoring to raise a force for the purpose of going south, but without success, the men refusing to join him, and in justice to the citizens it should be stated that they were opposed to his operations.

On Sunday, April 30, I received a flag of truce from Colonel Thompson, commanding the force known as Jackson's cavalry brigade, asking upon what terms he could surrender his command to the United States. I informed them that he could surrender his command to the United States. I informed him that he could surrender upon the same terms as the Army of Northern Virginia, to which he properly belonged. On Monday, May 1, the force not appearing to accept my terms. I sent out a scout to ascertain their whereabouts. He returned with the information that the force consisted of about 100 men, perhaps a few more, and they were widdely scattered in the mountains. I did nothing it proper to attempt to capture them, as it would occupy more time and

