
MAY 6-14, 1865.-Expedition from Richmond to Staunton and Charlottesville, Va.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Franklin A. Stratton, Eleventh Pennsylvania Calvary.

HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY, Charlottesville, Va., May 14, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of my expedition from Richmond to Staunton, and thence to this place, under instructions received from department headquarters on the 5th instant:

I left Richmond on the morning of the 6th instant with the entire effective strength of my regiment, consisting of 500 men, accompanied by fifty-five wagons. Marching via Louisa Court-House, Charlottesville, Rockfish Gap, and Waynesborough, I arrived near Staunton on the evening of the 10th of May. Learning there that General Rosser had that morning left for Lexington, I did not enter town until the next day. I found Brigadier General I. H. Duval stationed there with one brigade of infantry and a regiment of cavalry, being a portion of his division-the Fourth Provisional Division of the Army of the Shenandoah. General Duval had arrived there two days previous to my arrival, and had already paroled a large part of Rosser's men and taken possession of the trivial amount of rebel government stores found there. General Duval therefore directed me to return to Charlottesville, in accordance with my instructions. A copy of his order is inclosed. I therefore, after resting my horses one day, left Staunton on the 13th, and returned to this place to-day. General Rosser, up to the time of my departure, had made no visible preparation for paroling the remainder of his men, nor was their any tang libel evidence of his intention to turn over any rebel government property whatever. After several interviews with him, I ascertained that the men of his command were entirely dispersed, and would only come in in small detachments, or singly, to be paroled. This would occupy, perhaps, several weeks, and as my supplies would permit me to remain but three or four days, it seemed proper that General Duval should complete the business he had commenced.

General Rosser stated, or rather admitted, that about nine pieces of artillery were concealed somewhere about Staunton and four pieces at Lexington. These, too, I left for General Duval to find and dispose of. About eight pieces of artillery are said by General Rosser to be at Pittsylvania Court-House. I have information of three being considerable rebel property concealed about Charlottesville, but have not yet had time to find it. This comprises small-arms buried or concealed in buildings and quartermaster and commissary stores in the hands of citizens in various localities.

Not many disorders have come to my notice through the country,. but there is much need of a military post at this place to preserve order and protect the citizens from small bands of marauders and robbers infesting various localities between here and the Blue Ridge. The large number of negroes here will required for some time the interposition of military authority to adjust differences in regard to labor, property, and personal rights. I have maintained the strictest discipline and order in my own command during the march, and permitted no injury whatever to the property of citizens. The railroad is now open Keswick's Station, about seven miles from here, and will be opened

