
within two or three days to the Rivanna River, some two miles distant. Supplies for troops at this point could, therefore, be furnished over this route.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANKLIN A. STRATTON,

Lieutenant Colonel Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Virginia.

JUNE 1-13, 1865.-Expedition through Pocahontas and Pendleton Counties, W. Va., and Highland County, Va.

Report of Colonel Wesley Owens, Eighth Ohio Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH OHIO CAVALRY VOLUNTEERS, Near Clarksburg, W. Va., June 15, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit for the information of the commanding general the result of an expedition into the interior of Est Virginia, dated May 28, 1865.

I left here on the 1st of June, with 400 men and horses, and moved in a southeasterly direction, through Philippi and Beverly, in one column. After leaving the latter place I detached a company of reliable men, under Captain Moores, with instructions to make thorough examinations of every place where arms or other Government property might be concealed or improper persons harbored. This company preceded the main column two hours in time. On reaching Huttonsville I took the direct road to Lewisburg, passing over Elk Mountain, through Mingo Plats, to Marlin's Bottom . I took this route in order to avoid any suspicion of my destination to Huntersville. At Marlin's Bottom, however, I became satisfied that ex-Governor William Smith was not in that neighborhood. I therefore crossed over at Knap's Creek to Huntersville, which I found deserted, but two familia living there. A squadron was left at this place to make a thorough search for Government property and particularly concealed arms. Nothing was found. Three miles southeast of Huntersville I detached a squadron, under Captain Bechtel, to proceed to Gatewood's; thence northeast, through the saltpeter-works, up Back Valley, while I passed over the mountains by Knap's Creek. These two columns joined near Green Hill. From this place i moved to Hightown, send in on the way Lieutenant Cable's squadron through Dinwiddie Gap to Galltown, thence through Monterey was also carefully examined. From Hightown I proceeded along the Staunton pike, over Cheat Mountain, by "old man White's," and struck my old trail at Huttonsville.

It will be seen that I made a complete tour through the district where reports of horse stealing originated, viz: Pocahontas, Highland, and Pendleton Counties, Green Hill and Crab Bottom.

These were no horse thieves in this country, nor were any complaints of horse stealing. The citizens are well disposed and quiet. Returning rebels are going to work and conduct themselves with propriety.

I picked up on this trip thirteenth horses, one mule, seven saddles and oridles, eleven carbines and rifles, all Government property. Had it

