
April 3.-In the morning it was discovered that the enemy's pickets had been withdrawn from our front, when we were ordered to advance up the New Market road, and entered the city of Richmond at about 8.30 a. m., being the first body of infantry to enter the city. This command was stationed in Richmond about two weeks as provost guard, when it was removed to the interior line of works west of the city, where it remained until the 24th instant.

April 24.-It was ordered across the James River, where it is now encamped on Broad Rock road, about three miles from Manchester.

The command is in a good state of efficiency. The time is occupied in drilling and equipping the command. The troops are doing light picket duty.

Independent Division.

March 26 [25] (Saturday).-This division marched from its camp at Chaffin's farm, Va., to Long Bridge, on the Chickahominy River, to cover the crossing of General Sheridan with his command, he having crossed, however, below that point at Jones' Bridge, and we returned and encamped near Deep Bottom on Sunday.

March 28 [27].-We received orders to cross the James River at Sunset; we marched till 3.30 o'clock Tuesday morning.

March 29.-Moved on during the day about ten miles, and took up position in rear of Fifth Corps.

March 30.-We were moved farther to the left, in rear of the lines of the Second Corps.

March 31 (Friday).-We were moved still further to the left, and went into position in front of Fort Useless, on Hatcher's Run. While reconnoitering the enemy's position with the commanding general, Lieutenant Judd, aide-de-camp on his staff, was severely wounded by the enemy. All day we had heavy skirmishing with the rebels, and drove their skirmishers about three-quarters of a mile.

April 1.-Heavy picket-firing in the morning in our front opposite Fort Useless, on Hatcher's Run. The enemy attacked and were repulsed, with loss of thirty prisoners and many killed and wounded.

April 2 (Sunday).-We were moved some two miles, to the right of our position, and about 10 o'clock, with the First Division, our forces stormed and carried Fort Gregg, after a severe struggle, in which this division lost some 250 in killed and wounded. The colors of the Second Brigade of this division were the firs planted upon the captured work. The Third Brigade of this division also carried two other forts to the left and beyond Fort Gregg.

April 3.-We moved out on Cox road about eleven miles, following the retreating foe.

April 4.-We marched some fifteen miles on the road to Burkeville.

April 5.- We reached Burkeville Junction about 10.15 p.m., after a hard day's march.

April 6 (Thursday).-We marched out from Burkeville about 1 p. m., and after going some eight miles we struck the flank of the enemy and skirmishing at once commenced. The enemy being in strong position and far superior in numbers, no assault was made, but we succeed in detaining him.

April 7.-We marched to Farmville.

April 8.-We marched sixteen hours, accomplishing a distance of thirty-two miles.

