
April 9.(Sunday).-We marched out about 6 a. m., and after marching about three miles we formed line of battle on the road just in time to check a cavalry charge of the rebels. We advanced about a mile under a pretty severe fire of grape and shell, skirmishing as we advanced, until word was sent to the command to cease firing, as na armistice had been agreed upon; subsequently Lee surrender his army.

[April 12.]-Wednesday, this division started for Lynchburg.

April 13.-Reached there at 8 a. m. and immediately proceeded to destroy a vast amount of munitions of war collected there by the rebels.

April 15.-This work was accomplished, and we returned to Appomattox Courth-House.

April 27.-We starlet for Richmond.

April 24.-We arrived there.

First Brigade, Independent Division.

March 25.-The brigade marched from Camp Holly to the Chickahominy River. Returned the following day, and bivouacked at Deep Bottom.

March 27.-At night crossed the James and Appomattox Rivers.

March 28.-Arrived at camp at 4 a. m. The same day marched to Humphrey's Station and went into camp.

April 1.-The brigade repulsed an attack by the enemy near Hatcher's Run at 4 a. m.

April 2.-A fort in front of the lines was captured by the One hundred and twenty-third Ohio Volunteers Infantry, with prisoners and artillery. The Thirty-fourth Massachusetts and One hundred and six tenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry engaged in the assault of Fort Gregg.

April 6.-The One hundred and twenty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry was captured near High Bridge, at Farmville. The Thirty-fourth Massachusetts and One hundred and sixteen Ohio Volunteer Infantry engaged the enemy with their skirmishers near Rice's Station.

April 9.-Was present at the surrender of Lee's army at Appomattox Court-House.

April 13.-Arrived there.

Second Brigade, Independent Division.

January 28.-Moved from camp at Deep Bottom, Va., to Chaffin's farm, Va.; distance, two miles.

January 29.-Twenty-third Regiment Illinois Veteran Volunteers temporarily attached to Provisional Brigade, commanded by Colonel W. M. McClure, on Bermuda line, per Special Orders, Numbers 29, headquarters Defenses Bermuda Hundred, Va.

[February.]-No change of headquarters or other events to record since last return.

March 25.-Marched to Long Bridge, on the Chickahominy River, Va.; distance, thirteen miles.

March 26.-Marched to Deep Bottom Landing, on James River; fifteen miles.

March 27.-At 6 p.m. began march, arriving at Humphrey's Station, Va., on the 29th; distance, thirty miles.

March 26.-Battalion Twenty-third Illinois Volunteers rejoined brigade at Deep Landing from detached service on Bermuda line, Va.

