
April 1.-The brigade was engaged in skirmishing and fortifying on the line at Hatcher's Run, Va., up to the morning of the 2nd.

April 2.-It was moved the distance of seven miles against Battery Gregg, near Petersburg, Va., in the capture of which the brigade participated with marked bravery, and was the first to plant its colors upon the works. The enemy fought with desperation after the works were entered; one commissioned officer and several men of the brigade were killed inside of the works.

April 3.-Moved in pursuit of the rebel army on the Lynchburg road.

April 5.-Arrived at Burkeville, Va.; distance, fifty-three miles.

April 6.-At 4 a. m. the Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanded by Lieut, Colonel A. P. Moulton, marched from camp on an expedition to High Bridge, Va., on the Lynchburg railroad, distance ten miles, where it was captured by the enemy, after a spirited fight with overwhelming numbers. At 12m. same day the brigade, now comprising the Twelfth Regiment West Virginia Volunteers and one company Twenty-third Illinois Volunteers (the other four companies of the latter were left on duty), began march.

April 7.-Arrived at Farmville, Va.; distance, fifteen miles.

April 8.-Resumed march at 6 a. m., arriving at a point west of Appomattox Court-House, heading the rebel army; distanc, thirty-two miles.

April 9.-Early in the morning General Lee surrendered. Although under fire of the enemy's artillery, except the skirmish line we were not engaged.

April 12.-Commenced to march to Lynchburg, Va.

April 13.- Arrived there, distance twenty-six miles, reaching there early.

April 15.-Commenced march returning to Burkeville; distance, seventy-three miles.

April 19.-Reached there.

April 22.-Left Burkeville.

April 25.-Reached Richmond, Va.; distance, fifty-eight miles.

Commissioned officers killed at Fort Gregg April 2: Major Nathan Davis, Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Second Lieutenant Joseph Caldwell, Company C, Twelfth West Virginia Volunteers, Wounded at Fort Gregg April 2: Second Lieutenant John A. Bridggs, Company K, acting adjutant Twelfth West Virginia Volunteers. Killed at High Bridge, Va., April 6: Second Lieutenant Cyrus Patton, Company G, Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Third Brigade, Independent Division.

March 1.-The command, comprising the Tenth, Eleventh, and Fifteenth Regiments West Virginia Volunteers, was encamped at Chaffin's farm, on the north side of James River and in front of Richmond, Va. Everything remainder quiet, and deserters coming into our lines daily.

March 25.-The command broke camp and marched to Long Bridge, on the Chickahominy River, returning next day too Dep Bottom, Va.

March 28.-Marched across the James River, and continued the march, via Point of Rocks, to the Appomattox River, and continued the march, via Point of Rocks, to the Appomattox River, crossing that stream; thence marched in rear of the defenses of Petersburg, passing the headquarters of General Meade.

March 29.-Arrived at Humphreys' Station, on the City Point Railroad, in the morning.

