
March 30.-Marched in the morning, in conjunction with the remainder of the Twenty-fourth Corps and Second Corps, crossing Hatcher's Run, where the command formed line of battle and advanced, skirmishing and driving the enemy. The rain fell heavily all day, somewhat impeding the movements of the troops. At evening the command entrenched themselves.

March 31.-In the morning the enemy opened a brisk musketry fire on our men, and finally charged our skirmish line, but were repulsed, with loss on their side. Somewhat later in the morning, General Harris, in command of the brigade, with the Eleventh Regiment West Virginia Volunteers, of his command, charged the enemy's entrenched skirmish line and carried the position handsomely, with a number of prisoners, with very little loss on our side. Heavy skirmishing was kept up continually, but no general engagement has taken place up to the end of the mont. The losses of this command during the last two days ending the month is 3 killed, 51 wounded, and 3 missing. The whole distance marched by the command for the month is seventy miles. At the end of the month the command is still fighting the enemy, with every prospect of success. The enemy's force is protected by formidable earth-works, with a dense slashing of felled timber in our immediate front. The number of prisoners captured by the command is nearly 100.

April 1.-The command, comprising the Tenth, Eleventh, and Fifteenth West Virginia, Volunteers, were engaged skirmishing with the enemy on Hatcher's Run, to the left and front of Petersburg. Same night the Sixth Army Corps penetrated the enemy's works in front of Petersburg, Va., causing him to abandon the works in our immediate front on the morning of the 2nd.

April 2.-The command, finding the enemy retreating, rushed forward on the works, capturing many prisoners, 1 battle-flag, and 2 cannon; then, in conjunction with the rest of the division, moved to the right and engaged the enemy in their forts. This command assaulted Fort Whitworth, capturing it, with little loss, the greater part of the garrison making good their escape; however, we captured 1 colonel, 2 captains, and 65 men, with a slight loss in killed and wounded. The command bivouacked for the night.

April 3.-The enemy had withdrawn when our forces occupied Petersburg, Va. The command, in conjunction with the rest of the Independent Division, took up its line of march in pursuit of the enemy, marching to the left and parallel with the South Side Railroad, via Poplar Grove Station, Welville, and Burkeville Junction; thence parallel with the Lynchburg and Danville Railroad, skirmishing some with the enemy at Rice's Station, and pursued him toward Appomattox Station, the point where General Sheridan's cavalry held him in check.

April 9.-Arrived there in the morning, when the command were hurried forward on the double-quick. Engaged the enemy and drove him from his position, and gained a decided advantage over him. At this time, however, it was unofficially announced to the troops that General Lee, commanding the Army of Northern Virginia, surrendered unconditionally to Lieutenant-General Grant, commanding U. S. Army. Hostilities ceased at once, both armies lay within plain view of each other the terms of surrender were adjusted. The rebel army were paroled and allowed to return to their homes unmolested and remain until exchanged. The command then went into camp, remained until the 12st of the month.

