
June 16.-Arrived at New Orleans, La., and coaled; the proceeded to Brazos Santiago, Tex.

June 21.-Arrived there. The Second Division had previously arrived in Texas; the headquarters of the division and the Second Brigade stationed at Brazos; Third Brigade at White's Ranch; Firs Brigade had received orders to garrison Indianola.

june 26.-First Division arrived at Brazos, and was ordered to Brownsville, Tex., but owing to the rise of water in the Rio Grande overflowing the low country, it could not reach that place. It is encamped at White's Ranch awaiting the fall of water, as river transportation cannot be furnished.

The cavalry and unattached infantry brigade have not arrived; only Battery B, Second U. S. Colored Light Artillery, has as yet arrived.

First Division.

[January.]-This division's number was changed from Third Division to First Division in accordance with General Orders, Numbers 8, headquarters Twenty-fifth Army Corps, December 31, 1864. Nothing of importance transpired during the month.

[February.]-No change during the month worthy of note.

First Brigade, First Division.

[May.]-The brigade remained quiet in camp of instruction during the month with the exception of the last two days.

May 30.-It embarked on transport bound for Texas.

[June.]-May 30 to June 22, the brigade was upon transports bound for Texas. On the latter date they disembarked at Brazos Santiago, Tex., and marched ten miles toward Brownsville, halting at White's Ranch, on the banks of the Rio Grande, where it remained four days.

June 27.-Marched ten miles farther through mud and [water] waist deep, occasioned by the overflow of the Rio Grande.

June 28.-Marched ten miles farther and encamped within six miles of Brownsville, where we remained one day.

June 30.-Marched to Brownsville in the morning.

The brigade is now [June 30] encamped close to the town, and is engaged in laying out camp and getting into shape for drills, &amp;c.

Second Brigade, First Division.

[February.]-This brigade has been in camp in the trenched all the month in same place as last month until the 25th, when it was moved three quarters of a mile to the rear in reserve, except the One hundred and seventeenth U. S. Colored Troops, which still remains in the defenses near Fort Burnham.

Third Brigade, First Division.

[January.]-The brigade remained during the month in the same position as at the close of the last mont.

[February.]-The brigade remains in the same position as at the close of January, and has taken part in no important movement.

