
Second Division.

[February.]-Since last month this command has remained in camp near Chaffin's farm, Va. The position of the Second and Third Brigades have been changed. The division now occupies the entire front of the Twenty-fifth Army Corps.

March 25.-This division marched from the works near Fort Burnham, no the north side of the James River.

March 27.-At night crossed James River at Aiken's Landing and Appomattox River at Broadway Landing.

March 29.-Took position near Hatcher's Run, southwest of Petersburg about six miles, remaining in that position until the 31st instant.

April 1.-Remainder in line of works near Hatche's Run.

April 2.-In the morning advanced and took possession of the enemy's line, they evacuating; immediately marched toward Petersburg; passed through the city and along the Cox road in pursuit of the enemy, continuing the march until the 10th instant.

April 10.-Orders were received to return to Petersburg.

April 11.-Commenced the return march in the morning.

April 17.-Reached the outskirts of the city, and have since then remained in camp near the city.

May 26.-The troops broke camp at Camp Lincoln, Va., and marched for City Point. The same day embarked and sailed for Hampton Roads, arriving at that place about 1 p. m. Lay at anchor in the Roads till 10.30 a. m. May 31.

May 31.-Weighing anchor, proceeded to sea, bound for Fort Morgan, Mobile Bay, Ala. Wheather calm and clear.

June 8.-Fleet put into Mobile Bay for the purpose of coaling and watering.

June 10.-Weighed anchor.

June 13.-Arrived off the coast of Texas, the First Brigade landing at Indianola, and the Second and Third Brigades at Brazos Santiago.

June 24.-The Third Brigade moved to White's Ranch, on the Rio Grande.

First Brigade, Second Division.

[January.]-Remained in camp during the month near Fort Burnham, Va.

[February.]-Remained in camp, near Fort Burhnam, during the month.

[March.]-Marched from the works on the north side of James River near Fort Burnham to south side of said river near Hatcher's Run. The One hundred and fifteenth U. S. Colored Troops remained in camp near Fort Burnham.

April 1.-The brigade remained in the works near Hatcher's Run.

April 2.-In the morning advanced and took possession of the enemy's works, they evacuating. Immediately pushed into Petersburg, arriving there at noon, and took up position on the right of division.

April 3.-Shortly after daylight took possession of the city and marched out on the Cox road, halting at night.

April 4.-Resumed the march in the morning, and at noon received orders to move back to a place called Sutherland's; remained there until the afternoon of the 5th.

April 5.-In the afternoon we were relieved and started to rejoin the division.

