
April 10.-Joined the division near Appomattox Court-House.

April 11.-Started back to Petersburg.

April 17.-Arrived there, and since that time have remained in camp near that city. (See report appended.*)

May 7.-Brigade marched from Petersburg, Va., to vicinity of City Point, Va., where it remained in camp, employed in drilling, &amp;c., until the 25th.

May 25.-It embarked on transports and proceeded to Hampton Roads, Va.

[June.]-May 26, brigade sailed from Hampton Roads, with orders to rendezvous at Fort Morgan, Mobile Bay.

June 7 and 8.-It arrived there.

June 9.-Received orders to proceed to Indianola, Tex., via the Southwest Pass, Mississippi River.

June 12.-Anchored off the bar, but were unable to disembark on account of the wind blowing so violently, causing a very heavy sea to break upon the bar.

June 17.-Coal and water being nearly exhausted, were obliged to return to Southwest Pass.

June 19.-We again arrived there, and upon being supplied with coal and water, returned.

June 25.-Arrived off the bar the second time; disembarked Sunday, and are now [June 30] garrisoning the city of Indianola, Tex.

Second Brigade, Second Division.

March 27.-The brigade marched from Fort Burnham.

March 29.-Arrived at Hatcher's Run.

March 30 and 31.-It participated in the operations against the enemy's lines.

April 1.-The brigade was all day in line of battle in front of the enemy near Hatcher's Run.

April 2.-Marched inside the enemy's works to near Petersburg, and in the afternoon was engaged.

April 3.-Entered Petersburg before day, being the first Union troops in. Marched nine miles westerly on the Cox road.

April 4.-Marched to Wilson's Station.

April 5.-Marched to Blacks and Whites.

April 6.-Marched through Burkeville to within seven miles of Farmville, and bivouacked near the enemy.

April 7.-Marched to Farmville, where Brigadier-General Birney was relieved from the command of the division, and the brigade was ordered to report to Brigadier General R. S. Foster, commanding First Division, Twenty-fourth Corps.

April 8.-Marched till midnight, having traveled thirty miles.

April 9.-Marched at 3 a. m. to the Lynchburg road west of and near Appomattox Court-House. At 7 a. m. engaged the enemy, who was driving our cavalry; stopped him and drove him some distance.

April 10.-Reported to Bvt. Brigadier General R. H. Jackson, assigned to command the Second Division, Twenty-fifth Army Corps.

April 11.-Marched for Petersburg.

April 17.-Reached our camp-ground west of the town.

June 18.-Arrived at Brazos Santiago, Tex., and have been here ever since.

---------------

*Page 1234.

---------------

