
Third Brigade, Second Division.

[February.]-The camp of this brigade has been changed from their position to the rear and right of Fort Burnham to the line of breast-works between Batteries Nos. 3 and 5. Twenty-eight U. S. Colored Troops are at City Point on detached service.

[April.]-This brigade took part in the campaign with the forces operating against the Army of Northern Virginia, commanded by General Lee.

April 9.-The capitulation having been consummated at Appomattox Court-House, the command returned to Petersburg.

April 17.-Arrived there at night. The troops were frequently exposed to the enemy's shell, but they being so inaccurate the casualties were light. The long and fatiguing march was borne with patience and fortitude creditable to old soldiers, and should forever put an end any doubt as to whether colored troops can stand a campaign however severe it may be.

May 25.-In compliance with orders, dated headquarters Second Division, Twenty-fifth Army Corps, May 24, the Third Brigade marched from Camp Lincoln, Va., to City Point, Va., where the troops were embarked on the following steamers, viz, Wilmington, William Kennedy, Nightingale, Prometheus, and Montauk, and the same day proceeded to Hampton Roads, Va.

May 26.-The arrived and anchored in the roads in the morning.

May 31.-Received orders, dated headquarters Second Division, Twenty-fifth Army Corps, May 30, to proceed to the vicinity of Fort Gaines or Fort Morgan, Mobile Bay, and there await further orders. Put to sea at 10 a. m.; passed Cape Henry light at 12 a. m. same day.

June 9.-The brigade arrived off Fort Morgan, Ala.; same date put to sea for Brazos Santiago, Tex., via the mouth of the Mississippi River.

June 13.-Came to anchor outside the bar at Brazos Santiago.

June 15.-Ordered to Arkansas Pass, Tex., and put to sea for that place.

June 16.-Arrived off Arkansas Bar; strong gales from the southeast; seven feet of water on the bar, rendering it impossible to disembark the troops. The fleet being short of coal and water was obliged to proceed to Galveston, Tex., the nearest point, for supplies.

June 18.-Arrived off Galveston Bar.

June 19.-Went into the wharf; took in supplies of coal and water.

June 21.-Put to sea.

June 22.-Arrived at Brazos Santiago.

June 24.-In the morning all the troops were disembarked, and on the night of the same date marched to present encampment at White's Ranch, on the Rio Grande River, Tex.

Third Division.

[January.]-The number of the division was changed from First to Third per General Orders, Numbers 8, headquarters Twenty-fifth Army Corps, December 31, 1864. The One hundred and seventh [U. S. Colored] Regiment was transferred from the Third to the First and the Twenty-seventh [U. S. Colored] from the First to Third Brigade by General Orders, Numbers 5, headquarters First Division, Twenty-fifth Army Corps December 31, 1864.

