
January 3.-Division headquarters, the Second Brigade (with the Thirtieth [U. S. Colored] Regiment temporarily attached), the Third Brigade (with the First [U. S. Colored] Regiment temporarily attached), left camp on the north side of the James and proceeded to Bermuda Landing.

January 4.-Embarked on transports.

January 5.-Sailed on the second expedition for Fort Fisher.

January 12.-Arrived of Fort Fisher at night.

January 13.-Disembarked and constructed a line of entrenchments across the peninsula facing Wilmington.

January 15.-The division this line during the assault upon Fort Fisher by General Ames's division.

First Brigade, Third Division.

[January.]-During the month the First and Thirtieth U. S. Colored Troops, of this command, have been on detached service in the Wolmington expedition. The remainder of the brigade has been in the defenses before Richmond.

[February.]-During the month the First and Thirtieth Regiments, of this brigade, have been engaged in the operations around Wilmington.

February 20.-The remainder of the command embarked on transports for Fort Fisher.

Second Brigade, Third Division.

January 3.-The brigade left camp at Chaffin's farm, Va.

January 4.-Embarked on transports at Bermuda Landing at night.

January 13.-Landed near Fort Fisher, N. C.; constructed and occupied the center of the north line of defenses.

January 18.-The brigade made a reconnaissance to Sugar Loaf.

January 19.-Made another [reconnaissance]. Lieut, Colonel C. J. Wright, Thirty-ninth U. S. Colored Troops, was wounded; also Captain N. J. Hotchkiss, Sixth U. S. Colored Troops.

January 21.-Captain Hotchkiss died at Fort Fisher.

Cavalry Brigade.

May 14.-The Cavalry Brigade was organized by virtue of Special Orders, Numbers 130, paragraphs V and VI, headquarters Twenty-fifth Army Corps, May 14, 1865, at Camp Lincoln, Va., but consisting of only two regiments, viz, the First and Second U. S. Colored Cavalry Regiments.

May 30.-The Fifth Massachusetts Colored Cavalry was assigned to the brigade by virtue of Special Orders, Numbers 146, headquarters Twenty-fifth Army Corps, dated May 30, 1865.

June 10, 11 and 12.-The cavalry brigade embarked on ocean steamers at City Point, Va.

June 13.-Arrived at Fort Monroe.

June 16.-Sailed from Hampton Roads. Fleet comprising brigade consisting of five vessels, steamers General McClellan, Meteor, Ashland, H. S. Hagan, and Dudley Buck. Touched at Fort Morgan for orders; thence to South West Pass, Mississippi River, for coal and water.

June 28.-Sailed or Brazos Santiago, Tex., arriving at anchor the p. m. of the 30th.

