
Artillery Brigade.

June 1 to 7.-The brigade embarked at City Point different periods between these dates-Battery B, Second U. S. Colored Artillery, on the steamer Suwanee; Battery D, First U. S. Artillery, and Battery D, Fourth U. S. Artillery, on the Neptune; and Battery M, First U. S. Artillery, on the steamers Rappahannock and Beafort. The vessels sailed separately as soon as they were loaded and ready for sea, the last steamer leaving City Point on the 7th instant. The left rendezvoused at Mobile, and from there proceeded to New Orleans, La., for coal and water.

U. S. FORCE AT FORT FISHER, N. C.

January 3.-The command moved from the camps of the Army of the James, in front of Richmond, Va., to Bermuda Hundred, embarking at that point on the day following for Fort Monroe.

January 6.-Left Fort Monroe for Beaufort, N. C., arriving at that point, after a stormy passage, o the 8th.

January 12.-Left Beaufort for Federal Point, N. C.

January 13.-Disembarked on the beach five miles above Fort Fisher.

January 15.-Assaulted and captured Fort Fisher, with its entire garrison of over 2,220 men, after a heavy bombardment from the fleet, the Second Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps, Byt. Major General A. Ames commanding, making the assault, supported by the Second Brigade, First Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps, the Third Division, Twenty-fifth Army Corps, holding a defensive position two miles and a half from the fort against the anticipated attack of Hoke's division of the rebel army, which ended in a mere demonstration.

January 16.-The forts at the west entrance of Cape Fear River (abandoned by the enemy) were occupied by the navy, and soon after garrisoned by a portion of this command.

The remainder of the month was occupied in repairs of Fort Fisher and building wharves for landing stores, and occasional reconnaissance proving Hoke's division to be entrenched in a strong position at Sugar Loaf Hill, where it remained at the close of the month.

FERRERO'S DIVISION.

April 2.-In the morning, in accordance with instructions from Major-General Hartsuff, commanding Defenses of Bermuda Hundred, a battalion of the Tenth New York Artillery attacked the enemy's line, and succeeded in carrying it and holding the same until the object of the reconnaissance (which was to ascertain whether the enemy had with-drawn troops from Bermuda front) had been accomplished, when it fell back to its original position.

April 4.-The division moved to Petersburg, Va., since which time the division has been doing duty as provost guard and picketing the approached to the city.

First Brigade, Ferrero's Division.

April 3.-This brigade (which was reported on last monthly return as First Brigade, Infantry Division, Defenses of Bermuda Hundred, Va.), early in the morning, after having sent out reconnoitering parties, who reported that the enemy had evidently just evacuated his works on our front, advanced across the enemy's line and proceeded onward

10 R R-VOL XLVI, PT I

