
in the direction of Chesterfield Court-House, Va., capturing scattered parties of rebel soldiers and a band belonging to a brigade Mahone's division, and receiving numbers of deserters who delivered themselves up, all of whom were turned over to the division provost-marshal. No large force of the enemy was met with. A halt was made at Chesterfield Station, on the Richmond, and Petersburg Railroad.

April 4.-A detachment, under charge of Lieutenants Michener and Haines, of General McKibbin's staff, was sent forward to the vicinity of the coal-fields, where three locomotives and a quantity of cars were captured and brought safely to Petersburg.

April 5.-The division of which the brigade forms a part marched to Petersburg, Va., via Broadway Landing, and since that period the brigade has been stationed in the defenses of that city and guarding the approached thereto.

By order, the designation First Brigade, Infantry Division, &amp;c., was changed to First Brigade, Ferrero's Division, &c.

U. S. FORCES, CITY POINT, VA.

April 2.-The Tenth and Twenty-eight U. S. Colored Troops marched from Fort Harrison to Bermuda Hundred.

April 3.-In the morning marched back and took up line of march for Richmond, where they arrived at 9 a. m. Remained there until evening of the 6th, when they were ordered, with their command, to assume command of City Point, va.

May.-Nothing of any event occurred at this post during the month.

SUB-DISTRICT OF THE APPOMATTOX.

April 30.-Marched thought Mecklenburg to Mill Grove; crossed the Meherrin, and bivouacked after dark.

May 1.-Moved at 6 a. m.; marched through Lunenburg Court-House, thence, via Lunenburg plank road, across the Nottoway, bivouacking at 5 p. m.

May 2.-Marched at 6 a. m., via Blacks and Whites, to near Five Forks; bivouacked at 5.30 p. m.

May 3.-Moved at 6 a. m.; marched through Petersburg, across the Appomattox, and went into camp near Ettrick about 5 p. m.

Distance marched during the month, seventy-five miles.

General Smith was assigned to the command of the Sub-District of the Appomattox by Special Orders, No. 135, Department of Virginia, and the brigade was assigned for duty in the said sub-district by General Orders, Numbers 1, headquarters District of the Nottoway.

May 21.-Sent detachment First Maine Cavalry, under command of Captain H. C. Hall, to Chesterfield Court-House; also detachment of Thirteenth Ohio Cavalry to Amelia Court-House, under command of Lieutenant Colonel S. R. Clark; also detachment of same regiment, under command of Captain R. C. Campbell, to Powhatan Court-House; also detachment Second New York Mounted Rifles, under command of Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Wood, to Buckingham Court-House; also detachment same regiment, under command fo Captain J. C. Terry, to Cumberland Court-House.

The several commanding officers were appointed provost-marshals in their respective counties, and continued to do provost duty to the end of the month.

June.-The duties of this command during the month: Doing provost duty in the several counties composing the sub-district.

