
MILITARY DISTRICT OF LYNCHBURG, VA.

May 1.-Left Moseley's Ferry and marched toward Blacks and Whites; moved to within two miles and camped.

May 2.-Moved toward Petersburg, Va., on the Red Oak road; camped.

May 3.-Moved into and through Petersburg; crossed Appomattox River, and went into camp.

May 4 to 8.-In camp.

May 9.-Moved through Petersburg, on the Cox road, to Ford's Station; camped.

May 10.-Marched to Nottoway Station; camped.

May 11.-Marched via Burkeville and drew forage and rations; camped.

May 12.-Marched through Prince Edward Court-House; camped at Pamplin's Station.

May 13.-Marched to Concord.

May 14.-Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry was sent to Lynchburg.

May 16.-Twenty-fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry sent to Appomattox Court-House.

May 17.-The headquarters and Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry moved to Lynchburg, Va.

May 19.-Eight Pennsylvania Cavalry moved to Lynchburg; the command encamped near fair ground.

May 22.-Twenty-first Pennsylvania moved to Lynchburg from Appomattox Court-House. Details of the command performing duty as provost guard in the following [counties] of the district: Appomattox, Campbell, Amherst, Bedford, Nelson, and Franklin.

May 30.-Two hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry, commanded by Colonel H. J. Brady, reported for duty by authority of Special Orders, Numbers 138, dated headquarters Department of Virginia, May 22, 1865. The command is performing guard duty in the city-Lynchburg.

Twelfth New Hampshire Volunteer Infantry and detachment Twentieth New York Cavalry, under command of Lieutenant Colonel T. E. Barker, with headquarters at Danville, Va., are performing duty at that place and in the following-named counties: Patrick, Henry, and Pittsylvania.

[June.]-Command in camp, garrisoning city of Lynchburg and the counties comprising the Military District of Lynchburg.

CAVALRY DIVISION.

March 1 to 28.-This division lay in camp before Richmond, engaged in picketing, scouting, and performing the various duties incident to a cavalry command while in the presence of, but not engaging with, the enemy.

March 28.-Left camp.

March 29.-Bivouacked in the morning near Varina Station, on the Norfolk and Petersburg Railroad, continuing the march after a short roast to Humphreys' Station; halted till night and again marched to the crossing of Rowanty River, in the vicinity of Reams' Station, where it has since been engaged as guard to the trains of the Army of the Potomac.

Byt. Major General A. V. Kautz, commanding the division, was relieved on the 20th by Special Orders, Numbers 79, headquarters Department of

