
Virginia, and was succeeded by Brigadier General R. S. Mackenzie, U. S. Volunteers, who was assigned to the command by Specila Orders, Numbers 79, headquarters Department of Virginia, March 20, 1865. The First New York Mounted Rifles was detached from this command by orders from headquarters Department of Virginia, dated March 23, 1865. The Fourth Wisconsin Battery was also temporarily detached from the command March 28, 1865.

In consequence of this reduction the command was on the 28th, previous to leaving for the field, consolidated into two brigades, the Third Brigade, Colonel A. W. Evans, being merged with the Second Brigade of this division, under the command of Colonel S. P. Spear, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Second Brigade, Cavalry Division.

January.-The brigade has been engaged during the month in performing picket duty, scouting, drilling, and officers' recitations. No change in the headquarters of brigade or regiment.

February.-The brigade has been engaged during the month in performing picket duty, scouting, drilling, and officers' recitations. No change in the headquarters of brigade or regiments.

CAVALRY BRIGADE.

April 1.-The command left the vicinity of Reams' Station, Va., where it had been on duty as guard to the wagon trains of the Army of the Potomac. Proceeded to Dinwiddie Court-House and reported to Major-General Sheridan.

April 3.-The command moved to Appomattox at two points, the lower at Leonard's Mills, the other three miles higher up the stream, picking up 300 prisoners and taking 4 guns.

April 4.-The command crossed Deep Creek after a sharp skirmish.

Prince Edward Court-House to Appomattox Station, skirmishing considerably on the road.

April 12.-After the surrender of General Lee's army, the command was ordered to Lynchburg, Va., where it remained until the 16th instant, engaged in paroling prisoners and destroying munitions of war.

April 16.-The command moved, via Burkeville and Goode's Bridge, to Richmond, Va., where it arrived on the 24th instant, going into camp on the Mechanicsville road, where it has since remained.

[May.]-This brigade has remained in camp on the Mechanicsville road, about three miles north of Richmond, Va., during the entire month. It has been engaged in performing the ordinary routine of camp duties, in furnishing patrolling parties and guards to different parts of the adjoining country. The Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry was detached and ordered to Charlottesville, Va., on the 5th instant, but still remains under the orders of the brigade commander. The Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry was assigned to this brigade on the 23rd instant by Special Orders, Numbers 139, extract 4, headquarters Department of Virginia.

[June.]-The brigade has remained in camp about three miles south of Richmond during the month. It has been engaged in performing the ordinary routine of camp duties and in furnishing patrolling parties and guards to different parts of the adjoining country. The Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry is on detached service at Charlottesville, Va., and the Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry on detached service in Henrico County.

