
Numbers 5. Reports of Major General George G. Meade, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Potomac, of operations February 5-7 and March 25.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Crossing of Hatcher's Run by Vaughan Road,

February 5, 1865-2.30 p. m. (Sent 3 p. m.)

Humphreys was in position at this point and Armstrong's Mille by 10 a. m., crossing at both places with but little opposition, taking nine prisoners, all of Pegram's division. He is now getting in position and pushing out the Vaughan road to communicate with Warren. Warren reports at 1 p. m. that he has crossed of his infantry, but he has to build a bridge of sixty feet in length to cross artillery and trains; will be over by 3 p. m. Nothing has been heard from Gregg. From the reports of prisoners, I am led to believe the enemy may attempt to interpose between Warren and Humphreys. To keep open this communication of four miles, I have ordered up Parke's reserve division, and have directed the available troops in the City Point lines to replace them with Parke. Warren reports taking thirty prisoners when crossing the run. I can hear nothing of the enemy's cavalry, and the prisoners here know nothing of any troops, cavalry or infantry, going south.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

Lieutenant-General GRANT.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Vaughan Road an Hatcher's Run, [February 5, 1865] - 6.45 p. m.

(Sent 7.10 p. m.)

The enemy at 5.15 attacked General Humphreys' right, and have been engaging him till this moment. General Humphreys has repulsed all their attacks. I have ordered up to his support not only a division from the Ninth Corps, but one from the Sixth Corps. General Warren is in position at Hargrave's, about three miles and a half from here; has met no enemy. General Gregg reports that having occupied Dinwiddie Court-House, and hearing nothing of any trains or the enemy, had returned to the crossing of Hatcher's Run by the Malone road. I have sent orders to General Gregg to return to General Warren and report to that officer, uncles you send other orders for him. I think the enemy are trying to turn Humphreys' right and cut our communications with our line of works. Besides Pegram's and Gordon's divisions, deserters report the movement to their right of Heft and Mahone. I shall leave Humphreys and Warren in their present position, with directions to support each other. I do not thing the cavalry will do anything in the way of destroying trains. I shall await your instructions. It is estimated Humphreys's losses in wounded may amount to 300. Please acknowledge at once.

GEO G. MEADE,

Major-General.

Lieutenant-General GRANT.

