HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 25, 1865 - 8.30 p. m. (Sent 9.05 p. m.)

Since my report of 12 m. no further operations have taken place on the Ninth Corps front. Major-General Parke reports his casualties as 64 killed, 323 wounded, and 481 missing; his captures amount to 8 battle-flags and 1,800 prisoners. The enemy were permitted, under flag of truce, to carry away from our lines 120 dead and 15 very severely wounded. Under the orders sent Major-General Wright to feel the enemy, the skirmishers of the Sixth Corps were advanced, but found the enemy's pickets strongly entrenched. Major-General Wright supported his skirmishers by his Second Division, one brigade of the Third Division, and two brigades of the First Division, and after a spirited contest, under a sharp fire of artillery and musketry, the enemy's entrenched picket-line was carried, capturing 416 prisoners. This line is now held. Major-General Humphreys, commanding Second Corps, likewise advanced his skirmishers, well supported by his First and Third Division, and carried the enemy's entrenched skirmish line, taking over 200 prisoners; subsequently the enemy was re-enforced and made several vigorous and determined attacks, all of which were repulsed, Humphreys capturing in these last affairs 2 battle-flags and over 400 prisoners. The fighting on this part of the line continued till near 8 o'clock. Numerous deserters have been reported since dark. Total captures reported to-day, 10 battle-flags and 2,800 prisoners. Griffin's division, Fifth Corps, was sent to support Humphreys, and was engaged with the Second Corps. Crawford's and Ayres' divisions, of the Fifth Corps, and the cavalry division were held in reserve, and promptly moved to different part s of the line.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant-General GRANT.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 25, 1865. (Sent 12.50 a. m. [26th].)

Wright holds his captured line; Humphreys had all of his at 8 p. m., but I authorized his retaining only such portions as, in his judgment, it would be advantageous to hold. Parke sends in the return of casualties in his artillery brigade, to be added to his previous return 4 killed, 14 wounded, and 25 missing; total, 43. Humphreys estimates his killed and wounded at about 450; very few missing; things enemy's losses in killed and wounded more than double his. Wright reported his losses small.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

Lieutenant-General GRANT.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

March 26, 1865 - 10.45 a. m. (Sent 11.30 a. m.)

All has been quiet since 8 p. m. last evening. Wright and Humphreys hold and have entrenched all the advanced line captured yesterday

