
and details of men and teams from the Sixth and Ninth Corps, have built several additional bridges and out the corduroy roads upon their respective sections in good repair.

During the week 456 gabions have been by my men and brought into camp; also, twenty sections of chevaux-frise. Six sections of the latter and a coil of wire were sent to Fort Sedgwick this morning, in charge of Lieutenant Taylor, with directions to instruct the officers commanding the garrison as to the manner of fastening these sections together with wire. Considerable progress has been made with the drawings of the wooden an canvas pontoon wagons, showing the modifications and improvements it has been found advisable to introduce in actual practice in the field. I have also sent for a French pontoon truck, and will have it arranged and rebuilt or the canvas train.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. DUANE,

Major of Engineers, Brevet Colonel, U. S. Army.

Major General J. G. BARNARD,

Chief Engineer, Armies in the Field.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF THE CHIEF ENGINEER,January 30, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the engineering operations in this army for the week ending January 28, 1865:

Brevet Major Harwood was in command of the battalion of U. S. Engineers, and had charge of repairs from Fort Bross to Fort Dushane. Brevet Captain Benyaud assisted Colonel Duane, chief engineer, in the construction of batteries on the James River. Brevet Captain Howell had charge of the construction of Fort Fisher and of the battery to the right of Fort Welch; he also had charge of the repairs of the line from Battery 24 to Fort Dushane. Lieutenant Heap inspected the line from Fort McGilvery to Fort Alex. Hays.

The following extracts from the weekly report of Bvt. Colonel I. Spaulding, commanding detachment Fiftieth New York Volunteer Engineers, will show the nature and extent of the duties upon which his command has been engaged:

The severity of the weather during the past week, and the depth to which the ground was frozen, has prevented any considerable progress being made where the digging and dressing of the banks have been principally near the surface. the old revetment has been removed from the battery near Fort Keene, most of the new revetment put in and the parapet raised, the three embrasures reverted with gabions and fagots; three platforms laid the barbettes partially built, and the gate at the entrance completed. Upon the signal tower the balance of the framing has been completed, and a mast placed in position for raising the next section. Brevet Major Hine reports that it only requires a few days of mild weather now to push the work rapidly toward completion. During the week but little progress has been made with the repairs of the forts on the rear line. Captain Dolan reports that as soon as the ground is thawed he can complete the work on Forts Stevenson and Blaisdell in one day, and that on Fort Bross in three days. Nothing has yet been done on Fort Patrick Kelly. The unfinished work on Fort Davis has been completed. During the week Lieutenant La Grange, with small details from this regiment and from the Second Corps, has repaired the corduroy roads near the Yellow House and near the Poplar Grove Church; also built a corduroy bridge across the creek between Forts Cummings and Emery. For the past two days Captain Dexter has been engaged with his company in hewing and preparing gun platforms for Fort Fisher. These platforms are fourteen by eighteen feet. Up to this time materials for about seven platforms have been delivered. Eight sections of chevaux-de-frise have been made during the week.

On the morning of the 23rd I received an order from Lieutenant-General Grant, through Brevet Lieutenant-General Michler, to have 500 feet of wooden pontoon bridging ready to move at short notice. It was not stated whether pontoniers would

