
be required or not, but I deemed it advisable to send three companies (Captain McGrath commanding) to the train near City Point, with directions to have the trains ready to move at once when ordered. During the afternoon Lieutenant-General Michler sent me another message from Lieutenant-General Grant, directing that 600 feet of pontoon bridge should be immediately prepared for shipment at City Point. By the advice of Lieutenant-General Michler I proceeded in person to City Point to ascertain definitely what was required and to superintended operations in person. There I was informed the animals were to be shipped with the trains and pontoniers sent with them. The next morning you informed me that, after consultation with Lieutenant-General Grant, it had been decided to send a company of the Fifteenth New York Volunteer Engineers as pontoniers. I accordingly invoiced the train to Captain Lewis, commanding the company designated by Colonel Brainerd, commanding the regiment. This train consisted of thirty boats (equal to 620 feet of bridging), including all the necessary material and appliances for constructing the bridge or brigades and for moving them by land or water, also army wagons for the use of the pontoniers and quartermaster, and a little more than half the usual number of forage wagons. The animals and quartermaster's stores were turned over to Captain Lewis' lieutenant, acting quartermaster of the train. I left captain McGrath, with one company, at Colonel Brainerd's request, to assist in loading the train, and two companies were returned to this camp. Up to this time the steamer designated for the transportation of this train has not arrived at City Point.

On the 24th I left a memorandum with quartermaster of the Engineer Brigade for boats, wagons, and material to be ordered from Washington to supply the place of the trains turned over for shipment, with directions to have them ordered immediately. During my absence at City Point an order was received directing that a company of pontoniers be sent to the Valley of the Shenandoah to report Major-General Sheridan, and stating that the latter would be pleased to have the same company and officer that were with him on the expedition last June. Company I, commanded in June last by W. W. Folwell, as captain (now major), was designated. This company is now commanded by Captain M. B. Folwell, formerly a first lieutenant in the same company. I met the officers of the company at City Point, and also Major Folwell. There I arranged with Major Folwell that he should proceed to the Valley of the Shenandoah and remain there with Captain Flowell until the pontoon train (understood to be in course of preparation there) was ready for the field, when he should return to these headquarters. Directions to this effect were sent by Major Folwell from Lieutenant-General Grant to Major-General Sheridan.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. DUANE,

Major of Engineer and Brevet Colonel, U. S. Army.

Major General J. G. BARNARD,

Chief Engineer, Armies in the Field.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, ENGINEER DEPARTMENT,February 13, 1865.

SIR: The following extract from the report of Bvt. Major Harwood, commanding battalion of U. S. Engineers, and from that of Brevet Colonel Spauling, commanding detachment Fiftieth New York Volunteer Engineers, will show the nature and extend t of the engineering operations for the week ending February 11, 1865:

Brevet Major Hardwoods was in command of the battalion of engineers, and was attached to the Fifth Corps headquarters during the active operations of the 5th, 6th, and 7th instant, and established and constructed a line near Hatcher's Run, at crossing of the Vaughan road. Brevet Captain Benyaurd was attached to cavalry division during the active operations of the 5th, 6th, and 7th, and assisted major Harwood to establish the line from Fort Sampson to hatcher's Run; also was a reconnaissance near Fort Sedgwick. Brevet Captain Howell was attached to Second Corps headquarters during the active operations of the 5th, 6th, and 7th, and assisted Major Harwood to establish the line from Fort Sampson to Hatcher's Run, and was in charge of the construction of the line from Fort Sampson to Hatcher's Run. Lieutenant Heap was in command of the battalion when in the rifle-pits on the 5th, 6th, and 7th, and had charge of the construction of the battery at Hatcher's Run near crossing of Vaughan road.

