
were in charge of laying abatis around the tete-de-pont at crossing of Vaughan road near Hatcher's Run. The latter officer also inspected the line from Fort Cummings to Fort McMahon, and assisted Major Harwood in the inspection of rifle-pits on Hatcher's Run. The following extracts from the weekly report of Brevet Colonel Spauling, commanding Fiftieth New York Engineers, will show the nature and extent of the engineering duties upon which the officers and men of his command have been engaged:

Lieutenant Van Rensselaer reports the parapets of Fort Fisher nearly finished. The work ins ready for fifteen guns and is inclosed with abatis. The whole fort will probably be completed to-morrow, except the interior works, and these have not yet been commenced. On the 21st Brevet Major Van Brocklin commenced the work of corduroying the Squirrel Level road, and has been working an evreage detail of 300 men and 50 teams from the Second Army Corps. This work is about one-half done, and will require about three days of good weather to finish it.

On the 20th, 21st, and 22nd Lieutenant Bacn was engaged in covering the corduroy on the Vaughan road and building additional bridges and sluices over streams and swamps. The average detail for this work was 200 men from the Fifth Corps and 100 men and 10 teams from the Second Corps.

During the week Lieutenant La Grange, with a part of one company of this regiment, has hewn out and delivered at Fort Fisher 2,315 superficial feet of timber for gun platforms and 115 lineal feet of sleepers.

For the past three days Lieutenant De Groot has been engaged with ine company of this command, and for two days a detail of 400 men from the Ninth Corps, in completing the repairs of Fort Patrick Kelly. But little progress has been made to-day on account of infantry detail not reporting. The gun platforms are completed, and the parapets and drains nearly finished.

Sixty-four fascines and 300 gabions have been made during the week, and 64 fascines and 273 gabions have been issued for use at Fort Fisher.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. DUANE,

Major of Engineer and Brevet Colonel, U. S. Army.

Major General J. G. Barnard,

Chief Engineer, Armies in the Field.

Numbers 7. Report of Bvt. Lieutenant Col Nathaniel Michler, Corps of Engineers, U. S. Army, of operation March 11-18.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF THE CHIEF ENGINEER,March 20, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the engineer operations in this army for the week ending March 18, 1865:

Brevet Major Harwood was in command of the Engineer battalion. Brevet Captain Benyard inspected Fort Davis with a view to repairs, and was in charge of the construction of abatis from Fort Prescott to Fort Davis, which is three-fourts finished. First Lieutenant Lydecker inspected Fort Firsher, which is completed on the north side and a traverse three-fourths finished. First Lieutenant Phillips was in charge of a line of works near Hatcher's Run, which are three-fourths finished. Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Ford, commanding detachment Fiftieth New York Volunteer Engineers, with the officers of his command, was engaged as follows:

After making a preliminary survey of the Vaughan road and its crossing of Hatcher's Run, Brevet Major Van Brocklin commenced repairing the road and constructing a substantial and permanent bridge above high-water mark. The old bridge had been entirely swept away by the late freshest.

