
On the 15th instant Major Van Brocklin had completed a bridge over Hatcher's Run 285 feet in length, supported by eleven each sixteen feet long, six feet wide, and from two to six feet high. The roadway of the bridge consists of two tracks, each eight feet in width, separated by a longitudinal timber, firmly pinned to the corduroy flooring. In repairing the corduroy on the Vaughan road, which was only slightly damaged, Company E only was employed one day. In constructing the bridge Major Van Brocklin worked his own and Company C from the 11th to the 15th instant, inclusive, and an average of ten teams daily from the Fifth Corps.

On the 13th instant Lieutenant Taylor with Company G repaired and put in throughout order the Squirrel Level road. On the 13th and 14th Lieutenant Lang with a portion of Company H, and a detail on the 13th of 200 men and 40 teams from the Ninth Corps, constructed and put in 380 feet of abatis around Fort Blaisdell, completing the work, and repaired the damages caused to the banquette of Fort Stevenson by the late rains.

Lieutenant La Grande, in continuing the work on the road between the Wyatt house and Warren's Station, has corduroyed 1,200 yards, making a total of 3,600 yards. He has worked three companies of this command for two days and two companies for three days, and an average daily detail of 660 men and 59 teams from the Fifth Corps. On the 11th and 12th the weather prevented any progress in the work, and on the 14th the teams did not report until 4 o'clock in the afternoon.

Brevet Captain Van Rensselaer, in charge of Fort Fisher, has competed two traverses in that work, each sixty feet in length and each containing a magazine eighteen feet long; a third traverse, to protect the guns in the western curtain, is one-third finished. The entire parapet has been redressed, on account of the damage caused by the heavy rains.

On the 15th instant Captain Jackson, with Companies B and H, reported to Captain Benyaurd, near Prescott, and on the 16th commenced the reconstruction of Battery 22 and a line of abatis between Forts Davis and Prescott. The work on the battery could not be continued, the enemy having opened a heavy fire of shot and shell on the working parties. At dark it was again commenced, but again interrupted by the severe storm.

On the 17th the work was pushed with but little interruption, and Captain Jackson reports that the parapet has reached its full height and the revetment is finished; that one traverse is nearly completed, the timber for the gun platforms on the ground and ready, and 1,000 feet of abatis already put in. He hopes to complete the work on Sunday, the 19th instant, or thereabouts.

During the week I have employed all the men in the detachment, not elsewhere engaged, in repairing and improving the roads in the immediate vicinity and in constructing gabions for Fort Fisher, Battery 22, and the entire line.

In the topographical department the triangulation party are pushing forward the surveys between Fort Siebert and hatcher's Run, and in the office campaign maps are being prepared.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. MICHLER,

Major of Engineers and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army.

Major General J. G. BARNARD,

Chief Engineer, Armies Operating against Richmond, City Point, Va.

Numbers 8. Report of Major Frank W. Hess, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, of operations February 5-7.
HDQRS. BATTALION THIRD PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,February 8, 1865.

In compliance with orders received on Saturday evening, February 4, I reported, at 6 a. m. on the 5th instant, with my command, to Major-General Humphreys, commanding Second Corps, and was sent by him to report to Brigadier-General Smyth, commanding division, Second Corps. My orders given me by General Smyth were to send a detachment of fifty men, under command of a commissioned officer, on the road leading from the Vaughan road to Armstrong's Mill. The rest of

