
men were arrested and about fifty more were found on the road, and turned over to the provost-marshall of the corps. I then returned with the battalion to camp.

F. W. HESS,

Major, Commanding Battalion, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Captain PH. SCHUYLER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 9. Reports of Bvt. Brigadier General Henry L. Abbot, First Connecticut Heavy Artillery, commanding Siege Train, of operation January 1 - March 31.
HEADQUARTERS SIEGE ARTILLERY,Brodway Landing, Va., March 2, 1865.

GENERAL: In obedience to the circular of July 29, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report of my operations during the month of January last. The amount of firing is shown by the following table: Coehorn mortar, 219; 8-inch siege mortar, 636; 10-inch siege mortar, 15; 10 inch sea-coast mortar, 144; 30-pounder Parrott, 879; 4 1/2-inch gun, 3; 100-pounder Parrott, 209; field guns, 137 rounds; making a total of 2,242 rounds, weighing about fifty-one tons, or at a rate of about 1.6 tons daily.

The most important event during the month on these lines was the attempt of the rebel fleet to pass the obstructions in James River on the night on January 23, when I think it may fairly be claimed that my batteries prevented a serious disaster. Three rams, the wooden gun-boat Drewry, a small steam torpedo-boat, and perhaps more, passed Fort Brady about 8 p. m., under cover of the darkness. they received about twenty-five shots from the fort - armament, two 100-pounder Parrotts and three 30-pounder Parrotts. The fort was instantly opened upon by the rebel land batteries, mounting some dozen guns, and their fire soon disabled one of the 100-pounder guns. The fleet passed on to a point near the rebel Howlett Battery, out of range of Fort Brady. My batteries below Fort Brady were three in number: Parsons and Wilcox - armament, one 100-pounder Parrott and one 10-inch sea-coast mortar; Spofford - armament, one 30-pounder Parrott, placed in position about 7 a. m.; and Sawyer - armament, one 100-pounder Parrott and two 10-inch sea -coast mortars. About 10 p. m. a ram succeeded in reaching and began removing the obstructions, receiving thirty-one shots from the mortar in Wilcox and nine from those in Sawyer, with musketry fire from all the spare artillerymen while so engaged. At 3 a. m. one ram passed the obstructions and anchored about 600 yards above Sawyer, where she remained for forty-five minutes. This position was only exposed to mortar fire. One shell fired at 60 degrees elevation struck her, and she immediately moved up the river nineteen shells had been fired at her while in this position. During the night firth-four rounds form the 100-pounder and twenty-four rounds from the mortar in Parsons and Wilcox and three rounds from the 100-pounder in Sawyer were fired at the fleet above the obstructions. The darkness prevented the effect of this from being known.

At daylight two rams and the Drewry were discovered aground near left bank, some 1,500 yards above Parsons. Fire was at once opened from that battery with long percussion-shell from the 100-pounder. The second shot struck the Drewry and the third exploded her magazine,

