
former, and a large number slightly injured from fragments, &amp;c. The total firing, including those fired in reply to the rebel land batteries, was about 500 rounds of siege ammunition. Lieutenant W. G. Ball, Thirteenth New York Artillery, also moved a 20-pounder Parrott (field gun) to the bank of the river, and fired eighty-five rounds, at a range of about 1,400 yards, with creditable zeal.

In my judgment, the determined reception which the rebel fleet received from my batteries, joined to the difficulties of navigation, which, under this fire, they could not overcome, saved this army from a serious disaster. The fire of the rebels land batteries upon mine was very severe. Several guns were struck; three shells passed nearly through the parapet of Fort Brady, and by their explosion knocked down many men with fragments of the revetment. In all batteries the rebel fire was effective. I think that some reward is mentioned for so important services thus rendered, and therefore request that brevets may be conferred upon the following officers:

First. Captain H. H. Pierce, First Connecticut Artillery commanding Fort Brady. This officer was actively engaged in the battle of the Petersburg Mine; was in charge of the artillery at Dutch Gap during about all the heavy firing there. He directed the fire upon the rebel fleet in James River last, autumn, when it was driven back with loss. During the last action (January 23-24) with the rebel fleet he was knocked senseless and considerably injured by a shell which exploded very near him, but refused to be carried to the rear. He has been indefatigable in discharging his during the whole campaign.

Second. First Lieutenant H. A. Pratt, First Connecticut Artillery, commanding Batteries Parsons and Wilcox, who has, on many occasions, done excellent service there during the sumter.

Third. First Lieutenant E. P. Mason, First connecticut Artillery, commanding Battery Sawyer.

Fourth. Second Lieutenant C. N. Silliman, First Connecticut Artillery, commanding Battery Spofford.

Fifth. Fifth Lieutenant W. G. Ball, Thirteenth New York Artillery, commanding the light 20-pounder. Although his piece was practically of little utility, his efforts deserve reward.

I would also request that a medal of honor may be bestowed upon Sergt. George L. Fox, Company H, First Connecticut Artillery, for his coolness, under a heavy fire, in pointing the piece which blew up the gun-boat Drewry. Be afterward struck the ram six times in succession at a distance of nearly a mile.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Colonel First Connecticut Artillery, Commanding Siege Artillery.

Bvt. Major GEORGE A. HICKS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Bermuda Hundred Defenses.
HEADQUARTERS SIEGE ARTILLERY,Broadway Landing, Va., March 5, 1865.

GENERAL: In obedience to the circular of July 29, 1864, I have the honor to submit the following report of my operations during the month of february, 1865:

I was absent on leave of absence until February 27.

