
The construction and position of my battery with regard to the crest of the river-bank renders it little adapted for protection against gun-boats, and my parapet is so low on the down-river side that they could completely enfilade me with their stern guns without receiving a shot in return. Filled and placed sand-bags there during the night of the 23rd to form a slight barrier.

During all this time the enemy were incessantly annoying us from their land batteries, comprising sixteen or more heavy guns, making good shots all the while. Did not pay much attention to them until the next day morning, when they opened one gun from Semmes in direction of our Sawyer battery. As I could get a good range, opened and dismounted it; all the enemy's guns replied to my fire, but should not have stopped had I not received orders from department headquarters to cease; dismounted another of their pieces before the order reached here.

After the boats went down, apparently somewhat crippled, had verbal and written instructions from General Turner, chief of staff, to be on the watch for their return. Had all my serviceable pieces loaded and pointed, and threw out pickets as far down as Dutch Gap. Am greatly indebted to captain Bach and the officers under him for their coolness and willingness to take every pains to give me timely warning. About 3 a. m. January 25 was apprised by Captain Bach's pickets of the return of the boats; was on the lookout and had all prepared; waited until they came directly opposite, fired, and knocked over the smoke-stack of the leading one (this was accomplished by the gun in the ditch); thought she was sinking, but the next boat took her in tow. Sent one shot at each of the rams and iron-clads, five, in all, from the same piece as they passed by, then had to wait until they arrived in front of my three remaining pieces. Worked them as rapidly surely as possible, and succeeded in sending some 125 solid shot at them before steaming out of range. Struck them time after time, as the sound showed, but the shots crumbled or glanced off. All this was under a terrific fire; the enemy putting from 1,000 to 1,500 heavy shell in and around my battery. Was at no time silenced by their guns. Consider the rebels boats to have been much crippled in their passage down and up.

Looking at the caliber and position of my guns, the weakness of my parapet, and the security of the enemy's fire, cannot but deem it fortunate that the affair turned out so favorably.

But three men - two engineers and one colored support - were killed inside the works upward of forty of my company were knocked down by splinters, &amp;c., and slightly scratched, but some none so injured as to be unfitted for immediate duty.

Cannot help speaking again and again of the splendid behavior of my officers, Lieutenants Deming and Miller, and of my men. Am accountable in a great measure to them for the entire success of the whole affair.

Since writing the above, have discovered that my other and only 100-pounder was cracked at the muzzle by one of the enemy's shell; can use it in case of necessity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. PIERCE,

Captain, First Connecticut Artillery.

First Lieutenant C. A. TRUESDELL,

Adjutant First Connecticut Artillery.

12 R R - VOL XLVI, PT I

