
of ten yards. Soon after daylight I discovered the rams in the channel, about 2,000 yards distant, and partially covered by the bank of the river and a grove of trees. I again opened and fired from the 100-pounder six case-shot, three percussion, two case-shot, and two mortar shells struck the rams. From this point the only visible damage was by the case-shot, which perforated the smoke-stacks; the percussion-shell burst against her side. The solid shot did not appear to penetrate - some of them after striking rolled back into the water, others ricochetted beyond.

I also fired after daylight at the land batteries (not being able to bear on the rams), with the 100-pounder, eleven case-shot. At about 12 m. the rams succeeded in getting off the bar and steamed around the bend. During the morning of the 24th battery received the fire of three 10-inch columbiads, one 8-inch and one 7-inch rifled gun.

No casualties i.

The men behaved wishy the utmost coolness and served the pieces with skill and alacrity.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. P. Mason,

First Lieutenant, First Regiment Connecticut Arty., Commanding Battery.

Lieutenant CHARLES A. TRUESDELL,

Adjutant First Connecticut Artillery.

Numbers 17. Report of Lieutenant John O'Brien, First Connecticut Heavy Artillery, commanding Battery Numbers 4, of operations March 25.

BATTERY Numbers 4,

Before Petersburg, Va., March 26, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part sustained by Colonel I, First Connecticut Artillery, the garrison of battery Numbers 4, during the engagement of yesterday:

At 4 o'clock in the morning I heard firing on the line near Battery Numbers 10, but I supposed it was wholly confined to the pickets. At 5.30, an hour and a half later, I saw indications that an advance had been made by the enemy upon our lines near Battery Numbers 10. I had the company under arms and made arrangements for a defense, when I received orders to open on the enemy, who were now in possession of Fort Stedman and battery Numbers 10; these orders were received at daylight. I fired 130 rounds of percussion and 6 rounds of time-fuse shell, nearly all of which were thrown into an advancing column of the enemy, which was in rear of the last-named work. About fifteen shell were thrown into the Chesterfield battery. This battery opened upon Battery Numbers 5 and the line of works near it, and six were thrown into a retreating column of the enemy when it was on the plain in front of Battery Numbers 9. Fearing an advance, in case of the failure of a pending charge by our forces, fired only when the enemy's troops were in sight, having only about 100 rounds for each piece (three pieces).

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN O'BRIEN,

First, Lieutenant, First Connecticut Artillery, Commanding Battery Numbers 4.

Lieutenant W. S. MALONY,

A. A. A. G., Siege Batteries, Before Petersburg, Va.

