
Numbers 19. Report of Lieutenant Azro Drown, First Connecticut Heavy Artillery, commanding Battery Numbers 9, of operations March 25.

SIEGE BATTERIES, Numbers 9,

Before petersburg, Va., March 26, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with order Numbers 11, I have the honor to make the following report:

As soon as the alarm was given by the pickets on the morning of the 25th instant. I immediately manned my pieces and opened fire on the enemy's line of battle, which was formed directly in my front; this line soon being broken, I directed my fire upon Fort Stedman, Battery Numbers 10 and vicinity; and also upon the road leading from the rear of Fort Stedman and Battery 10, passing the rear of my battery, this road being occupied by the enemy in force to a point within 200 yards of my battery; Fort Stedman and Battery Numbers 10 also being occupied by the enemy, they landing turned their pieces upon my battery - one shot from Fort Stedman striking my magazine. I kept up a steady fire upon these points, with good effect, until the enemy commenced retreating, when I shelled their retreating columns, until the last of them disappeared behind their works. The enemy's mortar and gun batteries on my front kept up a steady fire upon my battery during the action, but I made no reply to them. My works were somewhat damage by the enemy's fire, but fortunately there were no casualties among my men.

I expended during the action 266 rounds of ammunition, all of which exploded well, as far as could be observed, with the exception of a few rounds which I fired with fuses not quite enough for the range - my long fuses all being expended.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. DROWN,

Second Lieutenant, First Connecticut Artillery, Commanding Battery.

Lieutenant W. S. MALONY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Siege Batteries.

Numbers 20. Report of Lieutenant William H. H. Bingham, First Connecticut Heavy Artillery, of operations March 25.

FORT HASKELL, VA.,

March 25, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my detachment of Company L, First Connecticut Artillery, in the engagement of the 25th instant, before Petersburg:

I was apprised of the attack of the enemy about 4 a. m. by heavy musketry firing on my right near Fort Stedman, which place was very soon reported to have fallen into their possession. I immediately ordered my men under arms, marched them to their pieces, and awaited further developments of the enemy's movements. I very soon detected a strong skirmish line of enemy advancing in our own front; they had reached and commenced to remove the abatis. I immediately directed

