
my men to man the parapet with their small-arms, as the enemy were too close for mortar firing, and much depended upon a well-manned parapet at that critical moment. The enemy were soon repulsed by canister and infantry fire, and retired in the direction of Fort Stedman. My attention was then given to the enemy's artillery in our immediate front, which annoyed us much. I deemed it not expedient to fire my mortars from their platforms, as the contiguous parapet was heavily manned by infantry and the effect of mortars being fired over their heads would have been demoralizing. Two of them were fired from the terre-plein and two unoccupied gun platforms. Upon being joined by Lieutenant Lewis, commanding Company I, was informed that Battery No 12 and line to the right was in the possession of the enemy. Two of my mortars were then trained upon the captured works, which were soon evacuated. The enemy retreated to their works in confused masses, rendered none the less so by the concentrated fire of my mortar battery, whose shell struck in their midst, doing, I believe, good execution. The engagement lasted about four hours, in which time I expended 225 rounds Coehorn shells, sustained no casualties in my own detachment.

I cannot speak in too high terms of the conduct of my men throughout the engagement. Those not employed firing the mortars made very good use of their small-arms. I think I am not saying too much by stating that the gallant manner in which Fort Haskell was defended checked what seemed at first to be a disaster, but by our continued efforts was rendered a success.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. H. BINGHAM,

Lieutenant, First Connecticut Artillery.

Lieutenant W. S. MALONY,

Second Lieutenant, First Connecticut Artillery, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 21. Report of Lieutenant James H. Casey, First Connecticut Heavy Artillery, of operations March 25.

BATTERY K, FIRST CONNECTICUT ARTILLERY,

Before petersburg, Va., March 26, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor herewith to report the part my company took in the engagement of the 25th of March, 1865.

The first intimation we had of the attack was by hearing the yelling and firing all round us. As soon as we reached our mortars we found the enemy on all sided of us, and we were driven back after hard fighting and being flanked. Lieutenant John Odell was killed at the beginning of the fight, and Captain Twiss was wounded, so the charge of the company devolved on Lieutenant Casey, who, after having been driven back, collected some of the company and reported to major Ager at Battery Numbers 4. He remained there a short time, and was then ordered to proceed with the company to the battery, now being charged upon by our forces, and it if was taken to open fire with the mortars. He found the implements destroyed and scattered about, so that he was unable to fire any.

