
The company's loss sums up to 49 in killed, wounded, and missing; there were 4 killed, 4 wounded, and the rest are missing. We took some prisoners, but how many I cannot tell. We have lost none of our pieces, and only one is damaged, and that slightly.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CASEY,

Second Lieutenant, First Connecticut Artillery.

Lieutenant W. S. MALONY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Siege Batteries.

Report of Lieutenant Charles N. Silliman, First Connecticut Heavy Artillery, commanding Battery Spofford, of operations January 24.

BATTERY ANDERSON, VA.,

January 30, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with instructions, I have the honor to make the following report as the result of the artillery practice at Battery Spofford, Va., during the engagement with the enemy's rams on the 24th instant:

At about 7 a. m. I opened fire from one 30-pounder Parrott gun, at an elevation of 4 degrees, the distance to the first ram being about 1,700 yards. The first shot fired tumbled, and consequently fell short; the second took the groves and struck the boat near the smoke-stack, the shot having no visible effect. Of the number of shots fired, but two failed to take the grooves. I fired during the engagement sixty-two projectiles, of which six were solid shot, forty-eight percussion-shell, and eight fuse-shell; of the number fired, twenty-seven struck the rams with no visible effect, with the exception of one solid shot, which, I think, penetrated near the forward port-hole on her starboard side; several shell struck near the smoke-stack, and I think some of them perforated it. Of the six solid shot fired, five struck the rams, and all, with the one exception, either glanced off or were crushed against her sides. I think had more solid shot been at hand, the result would have been much more satisfactory.

Very respectfully,

CHAS. N. SILLIMAN,

Second Lieutenant, First Connecticut Arty., Commanding Battery Spofford.

Lieutenant THOMAS J. BEERS,

Battalion Adjutant.

Numbers 23. Report of Lieutenant George Booth, Ninth Battery Massachusetts Light Artillery, of operations March 25.

FORT RICE,

March 26, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with your circular of to-day, I have the honor to report that my command was not actively engaged, further than firing

