
one ground of spherical case during the attack of the morning of the 25th. The first intimation I had of the attack was by hearing mortars shortly before 5 a. m.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

GEO. BOOTH,

Second Lieutenant, Ninth Massachussets battery, Commanding Gun Detachments in Fort Rice.

Lieutenant GEORGE W. BOOTH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 24. Report of Captain Joseph W. B. Wright, Fourth Battery Massachusetts Light Artillery, of operations March 25.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH MASSACHUSETTS BATTERY,Near Meade's Station, Va., March 26, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with circular order headquarters Artillery Brigade, Ninth Army Corps, dated March 26, 1865, I have the honor to make report of operations during the action of the 25th instant, the substance of statements of enlisted men engaged.

The men of the section of this battery in position on Battery 10 were aroused shortly after 4 o'clock on the morning of the 25th instant by cries and yells, apparently just outside the works in front of the guns and on the works to the right. the men immediately repaired to their pieces and, under the charge of a lieutenant and non-commissioned officers, commenced firing. The right piece was loaded and discharged through its embrasure; the went piece was blown out by this discharge. The left piece was fired immediately after the right. Directly upon the discharge of these two pieces the enemy appeared upon the parapet in front of and inside the works to the right of the first piece, which they surrounded and captured, together with its detachment, a portion afterward escaping. The enemy were almost instantly supported by others in front of the second piece, which was being reloaded. Before the friction primer could be inserted, the cannoneers of the second gun were surrounded and captured; the corporal afterward escaped. While loading the guns the sound of axes was heard in front. The men report that between the time of their arousal and the capture of the guns they notices but a very little musketry and no artillery fire whatever. The lieutenant commanding the section was killed near the guns; the acting corporal of the guard was captured; and the sentinel on post at the guns at the time was wounded and is absent at hospital, where unknown. There was present with the section one officer and eighteen enlisted men, two of whom were wounded and eleven are missing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. B. WRIGHT,

Captain, Commanding Fourteenth Massachusetts Battery.

Lieutenant GEORGE W. BOOTH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, Ninth Army Corps.

