
Numbers 27. Report of Lieutenant Thomas C. Rice, Battery B, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery, of operations March 25.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with circular from headquarters Artillery Brigade, Ninth Army Corps, of this date, I have the honor to report as follows:

The first intimation of an attack from the enemy was heard about 4.30 a. m., in the direction of the Appomattox. The cannoneers were soon up and at their posts ready for any emergency. But the fighting was confined to our right some distance, with the exception of a desultory fire from the enemy's batteries in our immediate front, directed on troops passing in our rear, some few shots on Fort Davis and Battery 22, to which a few shots were replied from Battery 22, viz, twenty percussion-shell, three fuse-shells.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. C. RICE,

Fist Lieutenant, Commanding Battery B, First Pennsylvania Light Arty.

Lieutenant GEORGE W. BOOTH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, Ninth Army Corps.

Numbers 28. Report of Lieutenant Valentine H. Stone, Batteries C and I, Fifth U. S. Artillery, of operations March 25.

BATTERIES C AND I, FIFTH U. S. ARTILLERY,

March 26, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with circular received this day from headquarters Artillery Brigade, Ninth Corps, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this battery in the engagement of yesterday morning:

At 5 a. m. I was awakened by a brisk fire of musketry in the direction of Fort Stedman. I immediately ordered the battery to be got in readiness to move at once. I started for Fort McGilvery. When I arrived immediately opposite Fort Stedman I met some stragglers, who informed me that Fort Stedman and a mortar battery were captured. I hastened on to Fort McGilvery; when I arrived there I found the men just coming out to reveille, they not having received any information that anything unusual had taken place. I went from there to Battery Numbers 9. Upon arriving there I found all the men, both infantry and artillery, at their proper places anxiously places awaiting some information as to what had taken place. I looked over the parapet in the direction of Fort Stedman. I could just see in the gray of dawn (it was then about 5.15 a. m.) a line of battle drawn up, moving toward me, their right being inside of our works; this line extended along the ravine between Battery Numbers 9 and Fort Stedman, their left resting near the rebel lines. I immediately ordered my section to open on them with spherical case; they were in easy range, about 400 yards, maybe a little more. As soon as I opened a heavy fire was in a few minutes concentrated on

