
Battery Numbers 9 from any my immediate front, from Fort Stedman, from my right flank, from an 8-inch mortar, from the rear, from the "goose neck" battery. I up my fire for three hours. At 8 a. m. some few of the enemy surrendered and came into the fort. One of the rebel officers informed me if I would cease firing there were 200 or 300 who were under my fire (I was canister then) who would come in. I did so, and over 300 came in. The enemy were all the time in easy range; my guns were fired deliberately, and I am satisfied that not a round of ammunition was thrown away. I was informed by the rebel officer mentioned above that the line of battle that I had fired upon was drawn up with the intention of charging Battery Numbers 9 and Fort McGilvary, and that if I had delayed firing ten minutes longer, they would have had them. I had two men badly wounded. My men behaved well. Lieutenant Theodore W. Haysman, Fourth New York Artillery, deserves particular mention for his coolness and bravery. My right section was in Fort McGilvery, under command of Lieutenant MacConnell, Fifth U. S. Artillery; it was also sergeant.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

VAL. H. STONE,

First Lieutenant, Fifth U. S. Artillery, Commanding Batteries C. and I.

Lieutenant BOOTH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 29. Report of Major General Andrew A. Humhreys, U. S. Army, commanding Second Army Corps, of operations February 5-11.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,February 13, 1865.

GENERAL: I have to submit the following report of the part taken by the Second Corps in the recent operation, for the information of the major-general commanding the army:

I was instructed on the 4th instant to move at 7 a. m. of the 5th, with the two divisions of my corps not in the entrenchments and two batteries of artillery, to the crossing of Hatcher's Run at the Vaughan road and at Armstrong's Mill, to hold those crossing, keep open the communication with the Fifth Corps, under General Warren, when it reached the intersection of the Vaughan and stage roads, some three or four miles distant, and support him, if required. In accordance with those instructions, I moved at 7 a. m. of the 5th, with General Mott's (Third) division, 5,961 officers and enlisted men, and General Smyth's (Second) division, 4,607 officers and enlisted men, and Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery, Brevet Captain Roder, and the Tenth Massachusetts Battery, Lieutenant J. W. Adams, with the rations, ammunition, &amp;c., ordered.

Major Hess, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, with 220 officers and men, joined me at 6 a. m. He was placed in advance, to drive in the enemy's cavalry pickets, and secure the crossing of Hatcher's Run, so as to conceal temporarily the fact from the enemy that the movement was made by an infantry force.

Major Hess found the enemy's infantry in small force holding the Vaughan road crossing, the run being dammed and obstructed by fallen

