
promptly and skillful met by General Smyth and General McAllister, and the enemy's leading troops quickly repulsed, but the action was continued by those more distant until after 7 o'clock. the enemy's artillery opened from the redoubt already mentioned and from a battery near the Thompson house, both of which were effectually replied to. Early in the action I ordered up West's brigade, of Mott's division, to strengthen McAllister's left, which it did before the termination of the engagement; I also used two of Smyth's regiments as supports. The enemy withdrew to his entrenchments shortly after the engagement ceased.

Our loss (125 killed and wounded) was small, while that of the enemy was comparatively severe and must have been six or seven times greater than ours. I append a tabular statement of the casualties.

Among the wounded is Colonel M. Murphy, Sixty-ninth New York national Guard, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, severely.

During the evening Hartrant's division, of the Ninth Corps, 3,200 strong, and Wheaton's division of the Sixth Corps, 4,500 strong, reported to me and were posted along the Squirrel Level road, connecting with the entrenchments of the army.

It having been decided by the major-general commanding to concentrate at once Major-General Warren's (Fifth) corps and Gregg's cavalry at the Vaughan road crossing of Hatcher's Run, as soon as a sufficient number of these troops arrived, Major-General Mott's troops there - De Trobriand's brigade - were moved, at about 2 a. m. of the 6th, to near the Tuckner house, and General Mott resumed the command of all his brigades as well as of Ramsey's.

Early next morning, in pursuance of instructions I had received from the commanding general of the army, General Mott and General Hartraft sent out reconnaissance that advanced to within sight of the enemy's works near the Watkins house without finding any force but the pickets, which were driven inside the main works. At the same time all my command, including Miles' division, were held ready to attack the enemy should he be found outside his works. At 2 p. m. General Wheaton's division was ordered to move to the Cummings house and report to Major-General Warren, and General Mott was ordered to hold General De Trobriand's and General West's brigades ready to support General Warren. They were subsequently moved to the Vaughan road crossing of Hatcher's Run with that object, but returned to their positions at night. General Smyth, on that and the following day (the 7th), supported General Warren's movements with his artillery.

On the morning of the 9th, in pursuance of instructions from the headquarters of the army, the First and Third Divisions of the Second Corps took up the position assigned them of the new line from Fort Gregg to the Vaughan road crossing of Hatcher's Run, and commenced the constructions of entrenchments.

On the morning of the 11th General Smyth's division was withdrawn from its position, covering the crossing at Armstrong's Mill, and posted on the new line. The casualties subsequent to the 5th were 13 killed and wounded.

In conclusion, I desire to express the very great satisfaction I have felt at the prompt, skillful, and spirited manner in which the duties were performed by both officers and men during the operation. It was the good fortune of Brigadier-General Smyth, commanding Second Division, Brevet Brigadier-General McAllister, commanding Third Brigade,

