
Among those favored were, Brigadier-General Smyth, commanding Second Division, Brevet Brigadier-General McAllister, commanding Third Brigade, Third Division, and Colonel Mathew Murphy, commanding Second Brigadier, Second Division.

The enemy concentrated a powerful force, composed of parts of two corps, Hill's and Gordon's, on the right of Smyth (Murphy's brigade and the artillery), and in front of McAllister, and made a determined effort to break our line. They were skillfully and gallantly met, and repulsed with severe loss to them and slight to us.

The commanding general accepts this first operation of the Second Corps under his orders as an earnest of what is to follow.

By order of Major-General Humphreys:

SEPTIMUS CARNCROSS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 30. Reports of Bvt. Major General Nelson A. Miles, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, of operations February 5-7 and March 25.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY, CORPS.

February 13, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command in the operations of the 5th, 6th, and 7th instant:

During the night of the 4th the picket-line of the Second Division was relieved by troops from my command, and at 8 a. m. on the 5th the Third-ninth New York Volunteers was placed in garrison at Fort Emery, and the One hundred and twenty-fifth and One hundred and twenty-sixth New York occupied Fort Siebert. At 3.30 p. m. I received order by telegraphs from the major-general commanding the corps to send a strong brigade to relieve General McAllister in the position then held by him near the Tuckner house. The Fourth Brigade, Brevet Brigadier-General Ramsey, was immediately sent. At 5.30 p. m. orders were received to send another brigade to the same spot, if possible, at double-quick. The Third Brigade, Colonel George von Schank, Seventh New York Volunteers, moved at once to the Tuckner house and reported to General Ramsey, but returned to their old camp night, having received orders to do so from him. In the meantime I had received orders from the major-general commanding to recall Colonel von Schank, as his brigade was not required. February 6, at 6.45 p. m., I received a telegram from the major-general commanding the corps, ordering me to send a brigade to th Vaughan road at the crossing at Hatcher's Run. The Second Brigade, Co. R. C. Duryea, Seventh New York Artillery, was moved out accordingly, but before reaching their destination were met by orders from the same source directing it to return to camp, which it at once did. General Ramsey with his brigade reported back to me 9 a. m. on the 9th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,NELSON A. MILES,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

Major S. CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps.

