
The fighting on the part of the troops of this command was marked by an unusual spirit of determination and enthusiasm; they fought in line of battle without works, in as perfect order as if upon drill; scarcely a skulker or coward was noticed in rear of the line of battle. Colonel Nugent particularly distinguished himself by the gallant manner in which he fought his brigade, resisting and repulsing the several attacks of the enemy in the most stubborn manner. His conduct is worthy the highest praise. Colonel Scott also commanded his brigade with coolness and skill.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel CHARLES A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps.

Numbers 31. Report of Colonel George W. Scott, Sixty-first New York Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations March 25.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE,March 27, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the engagement on March 25, 1865:

About 6 a. m. we were ordered by the brevet major-general commanding division, through a staff officer, to detail 200 men, properly officered, from the Sixty-first New York Volunteers to charge the enemy's picket-line in our front, and break it, if possible. I personally superintended the assault, but, owing to the density of the thicket and strength of the enemy's defense, my front was repulsed, though fighting gallantly, losing 3 killed, 15 wounded, and 10 missing.

By direction of General Miles I withdrew my detachment to the left of our division line, and selected a new point for the second assault. This time, though the enemy were on the part alert, my men broke and carried their line, capturing 1 commissioned officer and about 20 men, my detachment of the Sixty-first New York Volunteers here losing 2 enlisted men killed, 1 wounded, and 5 missing. The corps officer of the day, Brevet Brigadier-General Madill, now rapidly advanced our whole picket-line beyond the old line occupied by the brigade. I now advanced my brigade from our main works, taking up line of battle a short distance in rear of the new line occupied by our pickets, sending the regiments to the immediate support of the picket-line to my right and left; the Second York Artillery to the right. Subsequently, about 1 p. m., I assembled the two regiments and advanced my entire brigade line of battle to the front, through an almost impassable thicket, woods, morass, swamps, and finding the enemy holding a strong entrenched picket-line, their front covered by deep slashing and morass. I now, by direction of General Miles, took up a advantageous line a little to the rear, and where the enemy had their original picket-line, closing intervals of regiments to the left, and making room for the Second Brigade (Colonel Nugent) to come into position, and continued my line to the right. We had just got into position, 3 p. m., when the enemy's bugle sounded the forward. The enemy charged my entire front, but were fairly repulsed. They renewed the

