
assault later (6 p. m.), but with no more success, being driven back at all points, we capturing some prisoners. About this time the commanding officer Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers reported his regiment to me for duty; but not needing his services upon my front, General Miles soon ordered him to another point. Later in the evening, about 8 p. m., I was directed by an aide of General Miles to deploy my command to the right, covering the ground formerly occupied by the Second Brigade. I did this, connecting on the right, with the Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers and on the left with the Third Brigade. We maintained this line until about 9 p. m., when, by direction of General Miles, I deployed a strong picket-line, anticipating a withdrawal of my main lines, using for this purpose the Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, part of the Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers, and part of the One hundred and eleventh New York Volunteers, the latter regiment having been reported to me by order of General Miles. This line connected on the right with the Fourth New York Artillery and on the left with the Third Brigade line, leaving reserves at the house, and on the left at the old wall near --- house. About 1 p. m. [a. m. 26th], by orders of Generals Miles, through Lieutenant-Colonel Brown, acting assistant adjutant-general, I withdrew the balance of my brigade and the One hundred and eleventh New York Volunteers, returning to our camp in breast-work near Battery D.

My troops, without exception, behaved well, standing firm under the attack of the enemy, and advancing fearlessly to the charge. Too much praise cannot be awarded to the detachment of the Sixty-first New York Volunteers - men and officers distinguished themselves. The officers of my staff, Captain McCallister and Kerr, of the One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Lieutenant Hickock, Twenty-sixth Michigan Volunteers, were very efficient at all times, gallant in action, and faithful to the performance of all duty, Lieutenant Hickock being twice struck by the enemy's bullets. Accompanying is a list of casualties.*

I am, very respectfully,

GEORGE W. SCOTT,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel R. A. BROWN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

Numbers 32. Report of Captain Patrick H. Bird, Twenty-eighth Massachusetts Infantry, Second Brigade, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. TWENTY-EIGHTH MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS,March 27, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with circular from headquarters Second Brigade, First Division, Second Army Corps, March 26, 1865. I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by the Twenty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers in the engagement on the 25th instant:

The regiment with the brigade broke camp at 9 a. m. and moved into the front line of works; remainder under arms in the works until 2 p. m., when it moved with the brigade into the woods in fronts of the works and

---------------

* Shows 7 men killed, 3 officers and 73 men wounded, and 44 men missing; total 127.

---------------

