
over one hour had lain between the two fires. Some ten minutes afterward the enemy opened again from a line of battle on our right and front, and I ordered the firing to commence again. During the firing I discovered that although our men had each on coming into the fight directed the firing to be moderate and slower, and sent some men to the rear for ammunition, which was not received until nearly every man had expended his sixty rounds and that of the killed and wounded. The firing was continued, details continually bringing up ammunition, until about ten minutes to 7 o'clock, when we were relieved by, I believe, a Michigan regiment when I marched the regiment about fifty paces to the rear, and then had each of the men supplied with sixty rounds of ammunition. We lay here until about 8 p.m. when we were marched by the left flank to the rear and left, and halted at some of our old picket-pits, stacked arms, and left the men cook some coffee. About 1 a.m. of the 26th we got orders to fall back, and marched back to this camp.

I cannot speak in too high terms of the coolness and gallantry displayed by all of my officers and men. To Captain Milliken, acting field officer and who superintended the left wing great praise is due for his keeping the line well connected and steady, particularly so as it was on the center and left of our regiment that we sustained the greatest loss. To Captain Murtha Murphy, for his good judgment, coolness, and bravery in protecting our right from being flanked by the enemy too much in praise cannot be said. Captain Mulhall also acted with the greatest bravery, and kept his skirmishers well to the front, and fell back only when the only alternative was annihilation or capture. I regret to say that he was severely wounded. Acting Adjutant Dolan also acted in the bravest and coolest manner, and rendered the greatest assistance and [was] continually along the line. I respectfully submit that in his case application be made to the Governor of State of New York for the position of adjutant. The non-commissioned officers all without exception, acted with the greatest bravery, and I most respectfully decline to particularize any one of them, but they are well known at these headquarters and no opportunity to do them justice will be overlooked.

I beg to state that our loss in killed and wounded, so far as can be possibly ascertained, is as follows; Commissioned officers-wounded, 2. Enlisted men-killed, 9; wounded, 83. Total killed and wounded, 94.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES J. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel Sixty-ninth New York Volunteers, Commanding

Captain JOHN C. FOLEY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 35. Report of Captain John Smith, Eighty-eighth New York Infantry, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-EIGHTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,March 26, 1865.

In compliance with instructions, I have the honor to submit the following report of operations:

This command received orders to strike tents at 6.30 a.m. 25th instant, and left camp at 9 a.m., and with the several regiments of the brigade occupied the first line of works. At 2 p.m. we received orders

