
to advance and form line of battle at the enemy's rifle-pits. We then stacked arms and threw out skirmishers, covering our front. About 4 p.m. the enemy attacked in force, driving in our skirmishers and charging our line. After a severe engagement of over two hours and a half, during which we held the enemy at bay, never yielding an inch of ground, we were relieved by part of the Fifth Corps, and moved back a short distance to the rear and formed line. We remained here for about fifteen minutes, when we received orders to move farther to the rear, stack arms, and permit the men to rest, and at 12 p.m. we received orders to fall in and return to our camp.

I feel great pleasure in reporting that the officers and men behaved in a most gallant manner when under fire, and that their conduct throughout was in the highest degree creditable.

Our losses were 9 enlisted men wounded and 2 missing.

I am, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

JOHN SMITH,

Captain, Commanding Eighty-eighth New York Volunteers.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, SECOND BRIGADE.

Numbers 36. Report of Colonel George von Schack, Seventh New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade of operations February 5-7.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,February 13, 1865.

MAJOR: In compliance with orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac, dated February 11, I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 5th of February by orders from the brevet major-general commanding the division, I posted three regiments in garrison, viz, One hundred and twenty-fifth and One hundred and twenty-sixth New York Volunteers at Fort Siebert, and the Thirty-ninth New York Volunteers at Fort Emery. At about 5 o'clock in the afternoon of the same day I received orders from division headquarters to move all the available force of my command to the vicinity of the Wyatt house. I therefore moved the One hundred and eleventh. Seventh, Fifty-second, and Thirty-ninth New York Volunteers to the point designated, arriving there about 6.30 p.m., reporting as ordered, to Brevent Brigadier-General Ramsey. I immediately took position, by his orders, in line on the right of the Fourth Brigade. At the time of our arrival at the Wyatt house the firing along the line had nearly ceased, although up to half an hour before reaching the position there was heavy musketry firing, apparently, along the whole line. After remaining in line about three hours, during which time the troops were engaged in throwing up breast-works, I received orders from Brevet Brigadier-General Ramsey to take my command back to camp, where I arrived about 12 o'clock the same night. On the evening of the 6th, by orders from division headquarters, I placed 200 men, properly officered, and the One hundred and twenty-sixth Regiment New York Volunteers, in garrison at Fort Sampson, where they remained till the night of the 7th when they were relieved by other troops of the division.

On the 5th and 6th instant my brigade picketed the line formerly occupied by the Second Division of the corps.

Respectfully submitted.

G. VON SCHACK,

Colonel Seventh New York Regiment, Commanding Third Brigade.

Major R. A. BROWN, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

