
Our loss was 1 commissioned officer (Second Lieutenant L. Edelman) missing; casualties among men, none.

We were ordered back to camp, arriving at 2 a.m. this date.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. McE. HYDE,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain E. J. HUESTON

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 40. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry M. Karples, Fifty-second New York Infantry, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. FIFTY-SECOND Regiment NEW YORK VET. VOLS.,March 26, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that my regiment struck camp at 8 a.m. in obedience to orders, and remained under arms until 3 o'clock when it moved forward with the brigade, and formed line of battle in the rear of the First Brigade, where it remained until 4.30 p.m. when it moved by the flank to the right, then in line of battle forward connecting with the Thirty-ninth New York Volunteers on the right and the One hundred and twenty-sixth New York Volunteers on the left, through a piece of wood-swamp, forming with the brigade in an open field, supporting a section of artillery. The regiment remained there, part of the time under light artillery fire, until 10.40, when it moved by the flank back to its old position, and was dismissed. While under fire one enlisted man was slightly wounded.

I am, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY M. KARPLES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain E. J. HUESTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 41. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Lewis W. Husk, One hundred and eleventh New York Infantry, of operations March 25.

HDQRS. 111TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,

March 26, 1865

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular received, I have the honor to make the following report of the fight of March 25, in which the One hundred and eleventh participated:

On Saturday morning, March 25, at about 7 a.m. I received orders to have the regiment fall in and to pack up everything but tents. At about 9 a.m. received orders to strike tents, and be prepared to move at a moment's notice. We remained under arms, on the color line, until about 2 p.m., when I received orders to move out by the right flank, following the One hundred and twenty-sixth New York Volunteers. We moved out through the works, and filed left past the Smith house, formed line of battle, and moved to the front; crossing our picket-line

