
old picket line of the Third Brigade. Remained there but a short time, when the brigade, with the exception of the One hundred and eleventh New York Volunteers, moved by the right flank to the right and rear of the line, then held by the pickets of the Fourth Brigade. Here we remained in line of battle until 11 or 12 p.m., when we returned to our old camp.

Respectfully submitted.

I. HART WILDER,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain E. J. HUESTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 43. Report of Bvt. Brigadier General John Ramsey, Eighth New Jersey Infantry, commanding Fourth Brigade, of operations February 5-7.
HDQRS. FOURTH Brigadier, FIRST DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,Near Petersburg, Va., February 13, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the troops under my command during the operations of the 5th, 6th, and 7th instant:

In obedience to the order of the brevet major-general commanding the division, the disposable force of my command, consisting of the Fourth New York Artillery, Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, Fifty-third, One hundred and sixteenth, and One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, moved from camp on Sunday afternoon, the 5th instant, to relieve Brevet Brigadier-General McAllister, commanding Third Brigade, Third Division then in line of battle at the Tucker house. Arrived on the ground about 4 p.m., relieved General McAllister of the position he then held, he subsequently going into line of battle on my left. About 5 p.m. the enemy a determined assault upon the line occupied by the two brigades, but massing on McAllister's front and extending to my left; the fire in my front, however, was not of a very serious nature. General McAllister's brigade held this line. I am satisfied, from the heavy assaults of the enemy, he could not have held it alone; my arrival, under the circumstances, was very portentous and opportune.

Find report of regimental commanders accompanying this.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN RAMSEY,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major RICHARD A. BROWN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Second Army Corps.

Numbers 44. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Glenny, Sixty-fourth New York Infantry, of operations February 5-7.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTY-FOURTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,

February 13, 1865

In compliance with circular of 12th instant from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to report that on Sabbath afternoon of the

