
5th instant, in obedience to orders from the brevet brigadier-general commanding, the regiment proceeded in the direction of the Hatcher's Run, and were assigned position on the left of the brigade, joining the troops of the Third Division, behind works hastily constructed by other troops near the Tucker house, where they remained without being engaged, and participated in the operations only by strengthening their works, building abatis, slashing timber, furnishing details for guards, picket, &amp;c.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM GLENNY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. F. CRAIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Brigade.

Numbers 45. Report of Colonel William M. Mintzer, Fifty-third Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations February 5-7.
HDQRS. FIFTY-THIRD PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLS.,February 13, 1865

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report relative to the operations of this regiment on the 5th and 6th and 7th instant:

On the afternoon of the 5th instant I received verbal instructions from brigade headquarters to have my command in readiness to move at once. Very shortly afterward I was ordered to move, following to One hundred and sixteenth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers. Our line of march was parallel with the Squirrel Level road and south of it. We moved in that direction about two miles, when I was ordered to form line of battle, connecting on the right with the One hundred and sixteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and on the left with the Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, relieving part of the Third Division, Second Corps. This was about 4 p.m. Soon afterward the enemy made an attack upon the line to the left of our brigade, through the woods in front. Three successive attacks were made. During these attacks I ordered the left of my regiment to fire to the left and front of it, thus subjecting the enemy to a cross-fire. I have reason to believe that this had some effect upon the enemy. At about dusk, the enemy having been repulsed, firing ceased. I stationed pickets in my front, connecting with the One hundred and sixteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, on the right and the Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers on the left. No casualties occurred in my command during the attack. Officers and men behaved well. My command remained in the position first occupied (with slight maneuvering on the 6th instant) until we returned to camp on the forenoon of the 9th instant. I now occupy the camp I left on the 5th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. M. MINTZER,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. FRANK CRAIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Brigade.

