
structing breast-works. I at once, in obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, threw out a few pickets, and also employed a part of my command in strengthening the earth-works in our front. During the afternoon heavy musketry firing was heard on our left, and several pieces of the enemy's artillery opened fire (with shell) in our front. As my command was sheltered by breast-works, it did not suffer any there-from. We remained in the same position until Thursday morning, 8th instant, and then moved back to our present camp.

No casualties occurred during the movement in my command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ST. CLAIR A. MULHOLLAND,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. F. CRAIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Brigade.

Numbers 48. Report of Captain James H. Hamlin, One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations February 5-7.
HEADQUARTERS 145TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,February 12, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: Pursuant to instructions, I have the honor to submit to the 7th instant, inclusive:

On the 5th instant, as per orders, the command moved out in front of the Cummings house and formed line on left of brigade. The enemy hereupon opened with musketry almost before the alignment was completed. The line not being complete at the right, by direction of brevet brigadier-general commanding, the regiment was moved to that position on double-quick at this juncture. By this time the enemy had commenced shelling the position. One man of the command was wounded. On the 6th and 7th instant the same position was held, nothing of importance transpiring.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. HAMLIN,

Captain, Commanding Regiment

Lieutenant J. F. CRAIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 49. Report of Captain Alfred A. Rhinehart, One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations March 25.
HEADQUARTERS 148TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,

March 27, 1865

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with existing orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this command, on Saturday, the 25th instant:

Immediately after daylight the regiment was got under arms and kept in hand in the breast-works until about 3.30 p.m., when orders were given to have the regiment march out and join the brigade, then moving to the front. My command remained with the brigade in support of the picket on the right of the division line, and afterward in

