
support of the general line of the division, until about 4.15 p.m., when I was directed by Lieutenant Corliss, of the brigade staff, to take my command into an open field, just in rear of an old house and barn and to the right of a swamp fronting the center of the brigade camps for the purpose of supporting the picket-line. I here deployed the line to some extent along a rail fence, ordering the men to take down the fence, pile up the rails, and make covers of them for themselves. I also directed Captain Sutton, of the regiment, to take twelve or fifteen men, armed with Spencer rifles, to the picket-line and front as sharpshooters; with these he was enabled to annoy considerably a body of the enemy in a large white house just behind their picket-line, and he finally succeeded almost entirely in silencing the sharpshooting kept up from this house. At about 5 p.m. the picket reserve in front, being pressed by the enemy, came back in confusion on my line. The enemy kept up a rapid fire, and part of my line on the right and left were thrown into confusion; this was aided by the fact, as some of the men persistently declare, that an officer repeatedly cried, "fall back, men; fall back, men." The whole line was immediately rallied, however, and moved forward in a few moments to the old buildings on the crest of the hill. Here a constant and rapid fire was kept up on the left flank of the enemy's column, attacking the main line of the division until dark. The regiment then held position here until about 12.30 a.m. of the 26th, when orders were received to return to camp.

During the day I lost 1 man killed, 1 officer and 8 men wounded, and 1 man missing.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED A. RHINEHART,

Captain, 148th Pennsylvania Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant S. P. CORLISS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Brigade.

Numbers 50. Report of Major Seward F. Gould, Fourth New York Heavy Artillery, of operations February 5-7.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH NEW YORK ARTILLERY.

February 13, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with circular of the 12th instant from headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to transmit the following report of the operations of the 5th, 6th, and 7th instant, as regards this regiment:

About 5 o'clock on the afternoon of the 5th instant this command broke camp, and repaired by the way of the Squirrel Level road to the Tucker house, where we joined our brigade, and were ordered into line on the right of the same. I immediately sent out a picket; the remainder were engaged all night in building a breast-work. On the 6th instant we had details out cutting, slashing, &amp;c. Late in the afternoon I had an abatis put in front of my regimental line; we remained in the same place and position until relieved with the brigade, and returned to our old camp on the morning of the 8th instant.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,S. F. GOULD,

Major, Commanding.,

Lieutenant J. FRANK CRAIN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 4th Brigadier, 1st Div., 2nd Army Corps.

