
On the 7th instant the division was not engaged, with the exception of some artillery, which opened in compliance with instructions received from headquarters Second Corps and at the request of an officer belonging to the Fifth Corps, which corps, at that time, was advancing.

On the 8th, 9th, and 10th instant nothing of importance transpired. At daylight on the 11th instant the division moved to the position it now occupies.

Herewith please find inclosed the reports of the brigade commanders.

The conduct of both officers and men was good.

Respectfully submitted.

THOS. A. SMYTH.

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Major S. CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps.

Numbers 52. Report of Brigadier General William Hays, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division of operations March 25.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,March 28, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this division on the 25th instant:

The Second Brigade was in position on our line during the day. The First Brigade remained in position along the lines about 6 p.m., when they went forward, by order of the general commanding the corps, to support the Third Division of this corps. On reporting to the major-general commanding it was ordered back to its place in the line.

In compliance with orders from the major-general commanding the corps to make a demonstration on the enemy's right, the Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers, Twelfth New Jersey Volunteers, and the Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, all under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Moore, Fourteenth Connecticut, assaulted the enemy's works about 4 p.m. and carried the works over Hatcher's Run and Pictune Run, capturing seventy prisoners. The skirmish line, under the command of Captain McAnally, Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, advanced to within sight of the Boydton plank road. Brigadier General T. A. Smyth, commanding the Third Brigade, accompanied the command ordered to make the demonstration. On receiving word from General Smyth, that if the remainder of the brigade were sent to him, he could hold his position, I ordered the brigade to join him. General Smyth held his advanced position until 10 p.m., when he retired to the advanced picket-line.

The officers and men of the Fourteenth Connecticut, Twelfth New Jersey, and Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania behaved in the most gallant manner. Lieutenant-Colonel De Lacy, One hundred and sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, division officer of the day, was severely wounded on the picket-line. This is the third or fourth time this meritorious officer has been wounded during the war.

A report of casualties has been forwarded.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM HAYS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant-Colonel WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps.

