
William H. Tibbits. The latter found the enemy in the vicinity of Armstrong's Mill, at Hatcher's Run, and drove them steadily until progress was impeded by the ford. This latter was occupied by skirmishers from this regiment all day. That part of the regiment still in reserve was then sent forward, and the whole were placed on the skirmish line, where they remained all night, the works on the opposite side being occupied by the enemy. The regiment in this position during the 6th and 7th, and on the evening of the former day participated in checking the advance of those of the enemy's troops which had repulsed the Third Division of the Fifth Corps. The regiment lost on the 5th, 1 officer killed and 1 man killed and 4 wounded; on the 6th, 1 man wounded.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully,

EDMUND RICE,

Lieutenant Colonel Nineteenth Massachusetts Vols., Commanding Regiment.

Captain WILL GILDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 56. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Arthur R. Curtis, Twentieth Massachusetts Infantry, of operations February 5-7.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS,February 12, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with circular from headquarters First Brigade, Second Division, Second Army Corps, of this date, I have the honor to report the following in relation to the part taken by this command in the operations of the 5th,6th, and 7th instant:

The regiment broke camp early on the morning of the 5th instant. On afternoon of same day was deployed as skirmishers on right of Second Brigade of this division, connecting on right with Third Brigade, Third Division. About 4.15 p.m. the enemy advanced in force, driving in the skirmishers, and in which affair this regiment lost 1 killed, 5 wounded, and 5 missing; most of those missing are supposed to have been wounded and made prisoners. The regiment withdrew on the evening of 5th instant, taking its position in line behind hastily constructed breast works, or rifl-pits where it remained until the afternoon of the 7th instant, when it was detailed for picket duty, the left resting on Hatcher's Run, connecting with Fifth Army Corps.

A. R. CURTIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Captain WILL GILDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 57. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George W. La Point, Sevent Michigan Infantry, of operations, February 5-7.

HDQRS. SEVENTH MICHIGAN VETERAN VOL. INFANTRY,

February 12, 1865

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of operations of my command for the 5th, 6th, and 7th of February, 1865:

I reported at brigade headquarters at 6 a.m. on the 5th instant, as per orders from brigade headquarters. I marched in rear of the bri-

