
gade until we reached the Cummings house; then received orders from the colonel commanding brigade to take my regiment, together with the First Minnesota Battalion, and deploy them as flankers on the right of the brigade so as to cover the front and right flank of the brigade. I marched through the woods until I reached the field in front of the Armstrong house. I then received orders from Colonel Olmstead to deploy my regiment, together with the First Minnesota Battalion, so as to cover the left flank of the brigade. I then received orders from the colonel commanding the brigade to advance into the timber, and connect on the right with the One hundred and eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers and on the left with the Nineteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, and in so doing we drove in the enemy's skirmishers and captured two prisoners of war. During the night of the 5th Major M. Van Sickle captured a prisoner of war, together with one horse and equipments. Held our line until 3 p.m. of the 6th. Received orders from the colonel commanding brigade to advance my line so as to connect with the Fifth Corps, and in so doing drove in the enemy's pickets and occupied the woods on the banks of Hatcher's Run. Fell back to our old line on the evening of the 6th; held our line until 3 p.m. of the 7th instant; received orders from the colonel commanding brigade to advance with the Fifth Corps, and in so doing drove in the enemy's pickets; fell back at 6 p.m. of the 7th instant to our old line.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. LA POINT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain WILL GILDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 58. Report of Captain Frank Houston, First Minnesota Infantry, of operations February 5-11.
HDQRS. FIRST BATTALION, MINNESOTA VETERAN VOLS.,February 12, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to forward the following report of operations of my command in the late action near Hatcher's Run, Va:

On the morning of the 5th, in obedience to instructions, I deployed my command as flankers, and acted as such until 12 o'clock of that day, when I received orders to deploy my command as skirmishers and to take position on the left of the brigade, with left resting on Hatcher's Run and connecting with right of the Fifth Corps; and, in compliance with orders received from General Smyth, I advanced, keeping connection with the Fifth Corps when they advanced against the enemy, skirmishing and driving the enemy before me. The Fifth

Corps being repulsed and driven back, my left was exposed and I was obliged to fall back to my former position on the left of the brigade; and, finding the enemy there, I drove them back, and held the position until the morning of the 6th, when I again advanced about half a mile, holding that position until the morning of the 11th, when I was relieved and placed in our present position.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK HOUSTON,

Captain, Commanding Battalion.

Captain WILL GILDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

