
Numbers 60. Report of Captain Charles H. Dygert, One hundred and fifty-second New York Infantry, of operations February 5-11.
HEADQUARTERS 152nd NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,February 12, 1865

I have the honor to report that this regiment broken camp on the

morning of the 5th instant, in accordance with orders, headquarters First Brigade, 4th instant, proceeding without interruption to a position near Hatcher's Run, and there threw up a line of works, which we occupied until the early morning of the 11th instant, and then, according to orders, fell back to the position now occupied, without any casualties occurring during the time above specified.

Very respectfully,

C. H. DYGERT,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain WILL GILDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 61. Report of Colonel John H. Stover, One hundred and eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations February 5-11.
HEADQUARTERS 184TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,February 12, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders, my command was reported on the brigade parade ground at 6 a.m. February 5. The regiment marched with the brigade until we reached the picket-line on the Vaughan road. The One hundred and eighty-fourth was then assigned to the right of the brigade, and, after several maneuvers, was formed in line immediately west of the Riddle house. Here fortifications were erected and skirmishers thrown in front. I remained in this position until the morning of the 11th instant, when, after destroying all the fortifications of the brigade, I withdrew the regiment to the lines it now occupies. The regiment was not heavily engaged with the enemy, and consequently I lost but two men wounded, viz, Joseph Jenkins, sergeant, Company B, wounded, and John Adams, private, Company K, wounded in hand. I have every reason to be proud of the deportment of the officers and men during this campaign. No special opportunity was presented for unusual gallantry, except on the night of the 5th, when a portion of the picket-line was driven in by the enemy. Lieutenant Colonel Charles Kleckner promptly re-established the line, driving the enemy from the pits he had captured. I accordingly recommend him to the favorable notice of the colonel commanding the brigade.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOHN H. STOVER,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain WILL GILDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

