
Numbers 62. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Clement E. Warner, Thirty-sixth Wisconsin Infantry, of operations February 5-7.
HDQRS. THIRTY-SIXTH REGIMENT WISCONSIN VOLUNTEERS,February 13, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following account of the operations of this regiment on the 5th, 6th, and 7th of this month:

The regiment left camp at 7 o'clock on the morning of the 5th, marched about three miles west and formed a line of battle in an open field near the Armstrong house. Seventy men were sent forward into the woods as skirmishers; the rest of the regiment threw up breastworks, and occupied them. On the evening of the 5th two men were captured by the enemy and one slightly wounded. On the 6th and 7th the regiment remained in the same position, and sustained no casualties.

Very respectfully,

C. E. WARNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain WILL GILDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 63. Report of Colonel Mathew Murphy, One hundred and eighty-second New York Infantry (Sixty-ninth National Guard Artillery), commanding Second Brigade, of operations February 5.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,February 12, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following as the operations of the Second Brigade, Second Division, Second Army Corps, for the 5th of February, up to 5 p.m.:

About 7 a.m. took position in column in rear of First Brigade, marching out on the Vaughan road to the south. After halting near the site of the McDougall house, continued the march and diverged to the right toward the Armstrong house. Formed line of battle on right of First Brigade, my right resting on a swamp. Here the First Delaware Veteran Volunteers joined my command, forming in line on my right, refusing their right wing, with their two right companies thrown perpendicularly to the rear. This line was in advance of the Armstrong house and in rear of the Armstrong, jr., house. In obedience to orders from division commander, rifle-pits were thrown up in front of my command, and the men rested, awaiting further orders. During the day occasional shots from the enemy passed over us injuring no one, but about 4 p.m. the enemy opened with a battery on my left and another on my front. Believing that this fire was but a cover for an attack on my right no reply was made, but a sharp lookout was kept on the right flank. As soon as the enemy's artillery ceased, their infantry advanced on my right, having in their front a strong line of skirmishers. Our pickets-consisting of the Sixty-ninth Regiment New York State National Guard Artillery-engaged them, and, after a spirited fire of about fifteen minutes' duration, drove them back, when they again advanced and were again repulsed by our skirmish line. When the enemy advanced the second time I was placed hors de combat by having

