
been struck in the knee by a minie-ball, when I was conveyed to the rear, after having turned over the command to Colonel James P. McIvor, of One hundred and seventieth New York Volunteers.

I had almost forgotten to report that after the advance of the enemy's infantry became engaged with our skirmishers, they again opened with their artillery. The whole command, including the First Delaware, behaved with much coolness.

Lieutenant Colonel William De Lacy, One hundred and sixty-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers, by his equanimity and exposure, set his command an example worthy of emulation.

Second Lieutenant Hugh G. McTavish, Company G, One hundred and sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Captain Robert Heggart, Company G, Sixty-ninth Regiment New York State National Guard Artillery, as well as the other members of my staff, ably assisted me. I would respectfully recommend the two last named officers, as also Captain Michael McGuire, Company D, Sixty-ninth Regiment New York State National Guard Artillery, who had charge of that part of the skirmish line which met the chief assault of the enemy, for such distinction as is usually given to bravery in action- brevet rank. Captain McGuire and Lieutenant McTavish were both severely wounded-the former in the breast; the latter, in the head.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MATHEW MURPHY,

Colonel Sixty-ninth Regiment New York National Guard.

Late Commanding Brigade.

Major JOHN M. NORVELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Div., Second Army Corps.

Numbers 64. Report of Colonel James P. McIvor, One hundred and seventieth New York Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations February 5-7.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,February 13, 1865.

MAJOR: In compliance with orders I beg leave to submit the following as the operations of this brigade, from the time I assumed command of it to include the 7th instant:

At about 5 o'clock on the 5th instant the command of the brigade devolved on me, by Colonel Mathew Murphy, Sixty-ninth Regiment New York National Guard Artillery, being, from a wound, placed hors de combat. On assuming command I found the brigade in line of battle behind a rifle-pit, hastily thrown up, left resting on First Brigade, right resting near a tributary to Hatcher's Run, the line running in rear of and near the Armstrong, jr., house. Nothing of note occurred during the night of the 5th instant, only a few shots having been exchanged between the enemy's and our pickets. On the 6th instant the rifle-pits were enlarged and strengthened, the timber in front of the left and right of the brigade was slashed, and an abatis constructed in the open ground in front of the center. During the night of the 6th the picket-line was advanced, compelling the enemy's vedettes to retire. On the 7th morning transpired.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. McIVOR,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major JOHN M. NORVELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

