
The conduct of the Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers during the whole movement, and especially while changing front on the afternoon of the 5th, entitles it to commendation. The Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers particularly distinguished themselves by their coolness and bravery on the skirmish line on the afternoon of the 5th. All the troops in the brigade conducted themselves in a highly creditable manner, cheerfully obeying all orders and enduring the rain and cold without complaint. The various regimental commanders were zealous in the performance of their duties, and by their willingness and promptness greatly assisted in the execution of whatever the brigade was directed to do. All of the staff officers at these headquarters were prompt, energetic, and efficient.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. E. PIERCE,

Lieutenant-Colonel 108th New York Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Major JOHN M. NORVELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Div., Second Army Corps.

Numbers 66. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel A. Moore, Fourteenth Connecticut Infantry, of operations February 5-11.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS,March 10, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following as a report of the part taken by this regiment in the late operations:

We left camp near the Davis house on the morning of the 5th of February, about 7 a.m., and marched down the Vaughan road until near Hatcher's Run, when we countermarched and marched by a road on the left to the Armstrong house, where we took position in support of the Tenth Massachusetts Battery. Here we remained until about 5 p.m.; at that time, the enemy having attacked the line on our right, we changed front forward on first company, bringing our line at a right angle with the line attacked. This was done to repel any attack which might come from that direction. It was here, and while changing front, that the casualties* which I have to report occurred. We remained in this position until the morning of the 11th instant, when we marched to our present camp.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. MOORE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Brigadier General H. J. MORSE,

Adjutant-General State of Connecticut.

Numbers 67. Report of Bvt. Major General Gershom Mott, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of operations February 5-7.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,February 13, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my division in the operations of the 5th, 6th, and 7th instant:

On the 4th, at 3.30 p.m. I received orders to make arrangements to move my division, with four days' rations and fifty rounds of ammuni-

---------------

*One officer killed, and 1 officer and 4 men wounded.

---------------

