
tion on the person and forty rounds of ammunition in reserve train, one-half the ambulances, and all of the stretcher-bearers. At 10 p.m. instructions received to move at 7 a.m. on the 5th, with the addition of one medical wagon and one hospital wagon with each brigade. At 11 p.m. in accordance with orders received, I reported in person to Major-General Humphreys commanding the corps, and received verbal instructions and explanation in regard to the anticipated movement, which were afterward received in circular dated 11.55 p.m., headquarters Second Army Corps, at 1 a.m. of the 5th.

February 5, at 6.20 a.m., Roder's battery reported. At 7 a.m. moved the division to the Vaughan road, following the Second Division to near the McDowell house, when orders were received from Major-General Humphreys to send forward the brigade that was to cross Hatcher's Run. The First Brigade, Brigadier-General De Trobriand, was immediately forward, with one section of Roder's battery, with instructions to force the crossing and make disposition to hold the roads leading to Armstrong's and Dabney's Mills. The crossing on the Vaughan road was found to be obstructed by felled trees, and deep holes dug in the bed of the stream. For the dispositions made by General De Trobriand and the crossing of the brigade, I respectfully refer to his report. All the pioneers of the division were immediately put to work, building a bridge across the run where the Vaughan road crosses it and also at the dam a short distance below. This latter bridge was soon completed, so that the cavalry were enabled to cross. The second and Third Brigades having followed the Second Division now arrived near the Cummings house. In pursuance to instructions I sent the Third Brigade, Brevet Brigadier-General McAllister, down the cross-road to near the Tucker house, to take up a position in front of said house, covering any roads leading to the front. The Second Brigade, Brevet Brigadier-General West placed in position near the crossing on the Vaughan road. The brigades being completed and communication across the run easy, I crossed the Second Brigade and formed it on the left of the First and threw up breast-works in the shape of an are of a circle the right of the First and the left of the Second Brigade resting on the run, in the meantime sending forward a small force to hold a wood road near the F. B. Keys house, leading to Dabney's Mill. This force consisted of the Fortieth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Cannon, supported by the One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers. A small force of the enemy were posted at that point but soon retired after exchanging a few shots. Pursuant to orders from Major-General Humphreys I now sent the One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers to support the cavalry down the Vaughan road, and to open communication with the Fifth Corps at or near Gravelly Run. This was done with some little skirmishing and a picket-line established with the infantry and cavalry, connecting with the First Division of the Fifth Corps at the run. Ramsey's brigade of the First Division, having been ordered to relieve McAllister, I sent him instructions that as soon as relieved to move to the left and extend toward, and, if possible, to make a connection with the right of Smyth's division.

At about 3.35 I was somewhat surprised to receive word from General McAllister, by his adjutant-general, that on being relieved he had massed his command in rear of his former position. I ordered him to hasten back and tell General McAllister to deploy immediately, and fill the gap between General Ramsey's brigade and General Smyth's division. Also sent Captain Moore, my aide-de-camp, to see the order executed. It was while going into this position that the skirmishers were driven

