
in, and an attack was made on and handsomely repulsed by the brigade. As soon as the firing commenced I sent a staff officer to General McAllister to see how he was making out. The general was most gallantly encouraging his command, and sent me word that he was fighting with and without breast-works; also, that he could whip the rebels away. About 4.45 two regiments of West's brigade, viz, the One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers and the First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery were sent to report to General McAllister. These regiments arrived in time to render efficient service in repulsing the last attack of the enemy. Going into position, under a very heavy fire, at about 5 p.m. the balance of brigade, with the exception of the One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers was ordered to the support of McAllister. The enemy charged this line three distinct times, and each time he was signally repulsed. It now becoming dark the enemy withdrew leaving a portion of his dead on the field.

The conduct of General McAllister and his troops deserves special mention, having repulsed successfully the vigorous attack of the enemy, who were in greatly numbers (prisoners being taken from each division of Hill's and Gordon's corps), part of the command without any protection; yet all bravely stood firm and inflicted severe loss on their assailants, who were employed through the night in carrying off their wounded and dead; yet my pioneers who were sent out next day buried thirty-three, and found twenty-two newly made graves, some of them large enough to contain five to six bodies.

February 6, at 3 a.m. the First Division of the Fifth Corps, Brevet Major-General Griffin, relieved all my troops on the other side of Hatcher's Run. As soon as relieved, in accordance, with orders received from the major-general commanding the corps, I marched De Trobriand's brigade and the One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, of the Second Brigade, and massed them in the rear of the Tucker house, near the line held by McAllister's and West's brigades, of this division and Ramsey's brigade of the First Division, assuming command of the latter. At 9 a.m. I sent General De Trobriand with four small regiments to reconnoiter the enemy's position, and to watch if there was any movement of troops in my front. We met the enemy's skirmishers and drove them into his line of works near the Watkins house; also sending out a force on a wood road, marching west toward the Duncan road, found the enemy in his intrenchments and a small redoubt, with two guns mounted, on the rising ground, near a barn in front of the Armstrong house. The object of this reconnaissance having been accomplished General De Trobriand was withdrawn. At 3 p.m. I sent General McAllister out with a small force to reconnoiter the same ground but nothing further was developed. At 5 p.m. I received orders from the major-general commanding to immediately send De Trobriand's brigade down the Vaughan road to the crossing of Hatcher's Run to the support of the Fifth Corps, which was actively engaged and apparently hard pressed by the enemy. A few minutes afterward orders were received to withdraw West's brigade from the line, to follow De Trobriand, I also withdrew one regiment from McAllister's and one from Ramsey's line to have ready to send, if necessary. Stretching the balance of McAllister's and Ramsey's brigades out so as to occupy the line, I reported these brigades as on the way to Major-General Webb, by Captain Moore, aide-de-camp, who was informed that the emergency having passed they would return. The regiments of McAllister and Ramsey were now returned to the line, and De Trobriand's and West's brigades massed in the rear.

15 R R-VOL XLVI, PT I

