
February 7, the positions of the troops were not changed, but large details were at work slashing in front.

The conduct of officers and men of this division merit high commendation and fully maintained their well-earned reputation. My brigade commanders were prompt, and carried out my orders with alacrity. Brigadier-General De Trobriand superintended the crossing at Hatcher's Run, himself dismounted and crossing on foot with his skirmishers, it being at that time impossible to cross mounted. Brevet Brigadier-General McAllister I have recommended on former occasions for promotion, and take pleasure in again urging it. Brevet Brigadier-General West rendered efficient service. The officers comprising my staff performed their part energetically and efficiently. Captain George W. Perkins, judge-advocate of the division, and Captain C. F. Moore, aide-de-camp, rendered efficient service-the former in establishing, in connection with the cavalry a picket-line to connect my left with the Fifth Corps, on the 5th instant, also in accompanying the reconnaissance made by General De Trobriand on the 6th, and giving valuable information asd to the enemy's position; the latter was with the advance of General De Trobriand when it crossed Hatcher's Run in the morning and with McAllister's brigade when attacked in the evening acting in his usual gallant manner. I would respectfully recommend that the services of these two officers be acknowledge by a brevet promotion.

The casualties in my division were, 13 enlisted men killed, 3 commissioned officers and 52 enlisted men wounded, 1 enlisted man missing, and 7 enlisted men injured by the falling of trees while cutting slashing.

Annexed is a nominal list. I also inclose brigade commanders' reports.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. MOTT,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Major S. CARNCROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps.

Numbers 68. Report of Brigadier General Regis de Trobriand, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade of operations February 5-9.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,February 12, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the active operations of February 5, 6 and 7, on the Hatcher's Run:

According to orders, we broke camp, and moved forward on the Vaughan road Sunday, the 5th instant, at 7 a.m., and, passing the Second Division, massed in McDowell's field. I took the lead of the column, with three companies of cavalry in advance. This cavalry force was instructed to force the passage of the run, but found it so obstructed by felled trees, and made so impassable by deep holes dug everywhere here in the bed of the stream, that the major in command reported to me as useless any attempt for his mounted men to cross the run. I therefore proceeded at once to force the passage with part of my command. I deployed the Second U. S. Sharpshooters, Major Doughty commanding, as skirmishers, in front and right of the enemy's

