
cover of the regiment almost shielded them from the fire of the enemy. Nothing of further importance occurred until dark, when the regiment was moved farther to the right and established the line of the brigade picket. During the tour of picket duty the works were turned and rendered very strong.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. SHEPHERD,

Colonel First Maine Heavy Artillery.

[Captain LINNARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 71. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Madison M. Cannon, Fortieth New York Infantry, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. FORTIETH NEW YORK INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,March 26, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command during the action of March 25, 1865:

At about 12.30 p.m. moved out of the works, with the remainder of the brigade, to the front, and was ordered by the general commanding brigade to advance to the opening and form on the right of the Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers. I moved out by the left flank, and just as the head of my regiment arrived at the opening I was surprised to see the Ninety-ninth Regiment break and run in confusion to the rear. I at once checked the colors of the Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers and formed them on the left of my regiment. At this time I saw but two officers with the Ninety-ninth Regiment, viz, Captain Lewis and a lieutenant. The Ninety-ninth Regiment was under my command until the arrival of Colonel Biles. Temporary works were then erected on the captured line of pits. The regiment remained in these works until near dark, when the enema attacked on the left of the brigade, when the regiments on my left abandoned the line. I immediately refused the left wing of my regiment, and held the position until the attack was made on the right, when the enemy having a cross-fire from both flanks, my men fell back to the woods, where they were reformed and again went forward and occupied the line. This position it occupied until after dark, when it moved to the left, and occupied a space between the Twentieth Indiana and Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, where it remained until relieved by a portion of the First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, when it returned to camp about midnight.

The following are the losses: 2 enlisted men killed, 10 wounded, and 4 missing.

In consideration of the large number of recruits in the ranks, many of them being ignorable of the English language, the conduct of the regiment was very satisfactory.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. M. CANNON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fortieth New York Volunteers.

Captain JAMES M. LINNARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

