
Numbers 72. Report of Captain James McKenna, Seventy-third New York Infantry, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-THIRD NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Near Hatcher's Run, Va., March 26, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this command in the action of the 25th instant;

This command formed on the left of the Twentieth Indiana Volunteers and advanced to the position formerly held by enemy's outpost pickets. Capturing this position the command was deployed to the left and connection made with the Third Brigade, and the line then advanced, taking the enemy's first line of pits, capturing 3 commissioned officers and 124 enlisted men. Upon this advance the men of this command conveyed thirty stand of arms to the rear, and were compelled by the heavy fire of the enemy to destroy sixty stand of arms, which were found in the captured pits. Owing to no support on the left, the command withdrew to the line formerly occupied by the enemy as outposts, which position was held until the men were relieved.

The officers, under my command all acted splendidly, but I cannot refrain, from mentioning Captain John G. Noonan, who, by his noble example, inspired the men to many deeds of valor. With regard to the men, all behaved nobly, and to mention my one individually would be an act of injustice to many brave and deserving soldiers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES McKENNA,

Captain, Commanding Seventy-third Regiment New York State Vols.

Colonel ANDREWS,

Twentieth Indiana Infantry.

Numbers 73. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Nathan H. Vincent, Eighty-sixth New York Infantry, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-SIXTH Regiment NEW YORK VETERAN VOLS.,Near Hatcher's Run, Va., March 26, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my command in the action of yesterday:

At about 4 p.m. I left the breast-works, following the First Maine Heavy Artillery, and moved to the front passing, the old picket-line near the reserve of the First Brigade, to the road between our line and the rebels. Before my regiment had got fairly across the swamp, the enemy opened a brisk fire of musketry from ahead and commenced shelling from the right, when, by direction of the general commanding brigade, I moved my regiment by the rear rank to the right of the road, swinging to the left, in order to keep the connection, and moved forward to the edge of the woods, halting within about sixty yards of the rebels' old line of picket-pits, and commenced constructing defenses. After remaining a short time I advanced to the pits, connecting with the First Maine Heavy Artillery on the left, and the Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers on the right. After remaining in this position a short time the enemy advanced and took possession of the line of picket-pits one the left, and commenced a sharp fire on my flank and rear. At

