
the same time the forces on the right fell back into the woods, leaving both my flanks exposed, when I was obliged to fall back into the woods to make the connection, where I immediately reformed and placed my regiment on the line, connecting with the First Maine Heavy Artillery on the left, and the Fortieth New York Veteran Volunteers on the right. At about 8 p.m., the First Maine Heavy Artillery having been relieved, I moved to the left and occupied their works, connecting with the One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers. After remaining there about two hours, most of the time under a sharp fire, was relieved, and returned to camp.

My losses during the engagement were, 2 first lieutenants wounded severely, 1 captain, slightly; 1 enlisted man killed, and 6 wounded.

I am, very respectfully,

N. H. VINCENT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. M. LINNARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 74. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles H. Weygant, One hundred and twenty-fourth New York Infantry, of operations March 25.
HEADQUARTERS 124TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,March 26, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to forward the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and twenty-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers in the action of yesterday, March 25, 1865:

About 10 a.m. I received orders to report to Brevet Brigadier-General Madill, corps officer of the day, at the ruins of a house on the picket-line in front of General McAllister's brigade. Upon arriving at that point I learned that General Madill had gone to some other portion of the line. We remained there about an hour, and were then conducted by a staff officer to a ravine about 300 yards to the left and rear of the Watkins house, where we remained until 6 p.m. when we moved forward in line of battle and occupied the position from which the Fifth New Hampshire had just been withdrawn, my right resting on the Watkins house, and my left connecting with the Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania. Immediately after taking this position I had a temporary line of works thrown up. About 7 p.m. the pickets in our immediate front were driven in closely followed by a force of the enemy, composed of Forty-second, Fifty ninth, and Sixtieth Alabama Regiments, under command of Lieutenant Colonel D. S. Troy. I allowed them to advance to within about eighty yards of the temporary line of works, behind which our men were concealed, when we poured a volley into them, driving them back about 100 yards to the picket-pits, where they rallied and made a stand. Cautioning the men to fire low, which order was well carried out, our fire soon became so effective as to almost silence the enemy, and caused them to crouch into the pits. After holding them there a few minutes I ordered a charge. The regiment rushed forward in a gallant style, capturing the battle-flag of the Fifty-ninth Alabama, 6 officers, and 159 men, about 20 of whom were wounded, including Lieutenant-Colonel Troy of the Sixtieth Alabama The enemy being completely dispersed I returned to my former position, leaving between 20 and 30 of their dead upon the field. At 11.30 p.m. I received orders to withdraw and return to camp, which I did bringing with me about

