
seventy-five stand of small-arms. All this, I am happy to say, was accomplished without the loss of man, either in killed, wounded, or missing.

I cannot speak in too high terms of the officers and men of my command; all behaved in a gallant manner.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

CHAS. H. WEYGANT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 124th New York Volunteers.

Captain J. M. LINNARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 75. Report of Captain Frederick W. Lewis, Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. NINETY-NINTH PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLS.,Near Petersburg, Va., March 26, 1865

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the engagement yesterday;

About 1 p.m. the regiment left the breast-works, following the First Maine and Eighty-sixth New York to the line of the enemy's pickets, previously captured by our forces. Shortly after occupying this position the First Maine, being flanked by the enemy, retreated to the wood, the Eighty-sixth New Yor followed, and we having no connection then on the left, and being exposed to a sharp flanking fire, withdrew to the woods also. In a short time we again advanced to the former line, and held it until relieved by a part of the Third Brigade, when we went farther to the left, holding this portion of the line until about 10 p.m., when we were relieved. Falling back a short distance, we remained near the swamp until about 1 a.m. [26th], when we were ordered to our old camp.

We lost during the engagement 1 commissioned officer and 10 enlisted men wounded.

Colonel Biles was wounded early in the fight, but remained until we were established on the line.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. W. LEWIS,

Captain, Commanding, Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers.

Captain JAMES M. LINNARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 76. Report of Captain John B. Fite, One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. 110TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLS.,March 27, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with a circular from your headquarters I have the honor to make the following report of the part which this regiment took in the engagement on the left of the brigade, March 25, 1865:

We charged the enemy about 2.30 p.m., driving him from his picket-line, capturing thirty prisoners. The distance charged was about 350

