
yards. We held our new position and commenced turning the captured pits to convert them to our own use, when, about sunset, the enemy came in upon our left flank with an overwhelming force. The troops on the left commenced to water, and finally broke, leaving our left flank unprotected. We contested the ground as stubbornly as the same amount of men could, when it became obvious that we had but two alternatives-to fall back, or be captured in the pits. After having fallen back about 150 yards, we reformed and rallied again; but finding our force insufficient to regain the pits previously lost we retired about 150 yards from the enemy's pits, reformed our line on the left of the First Maine Heavy Artillery, commenced putting up temporary works, where we remained until relieved about 12.30 a.m. March 26, 1865.

Our entire loss is, 3 killed, 8 wounded, and 10 missing.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. FITE,

Captain, Commanding 110th Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers.

[Captain JAMES M. LINNARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 77. Report of Bvt. Brigadier General George W. West, Seventeenth Maine Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations February 5-7.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,February 13, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command in the operations of the 5th, 6th, and 7th instant:

In obedience to orders, the brigade broke camp at 7 a.m. and marched on the Vaughan road, following the First Brigade, to near the point where the picket-line crosses the road, when I received orders to follow the ambulance train of the Second Division. Marched in this order until arriving at Hatcher's Run, where the brigade was placed in line of battle across the Vaughan road, on the north side of the run. At 2 p.m. I received orders to move my brigade across the creek and form line of battle to the left of the road, my right resting on the road, and left, refusing rested on the creek. I then advanced a strong skirmish line and threw up a temporary line of work. While executing the above I received an order from the brevet major-general commanding the division to send a regiment to support the cavalry, which had advanced on the Vaughan road. The One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers accordingly, was ordered to report to a division staff officer. Heavy firing being heard on the right, about 5 p.m., I received an order for two regiments to report to General McAllister. In obedience to this order I immediately sent the One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers and First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, which reported as directed. Soon after I received orders to report in person with the balance of the brigade and assume command of the whole. On arriving near the battle-field the Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers (leading regiment) was formed in line of battle, in a small ravine, in rear of General McAllister's left, and gallantly charged, under direction of Captain

