
E. H. Shook, acting brigade inspector. The Fifth Michigan as soon as formed also charged and formed on the left of the Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania, filling the gap between General McAllister and General Smyth, Second Division. These troops arrived just in season to check the enemy, who were making a desperate effort to make a break at this point. The ground occupied by the Fifth Michigan was for a time held by troops of the Second Division, who had retired under the heavy fire of the enemy. Night coming on the fighting ceased and the enemy retreated. I immediately proceeded to straighten the line, throwing forward a strong picket-line, and at the same time threw up strong works. During the night some sixteen prisoners were brought in.

The One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel Tyler commanding, which was the first to arrive upon the ground in the afternoon deserve special mention for the gallant manner in which they went into the fight, under a most severe musketry fire from the enemy, fighting in an open field, without any works whatever for protection.

6th, occupied the same ground as on the evening of the 5th. I sent ou the pioneers, of the brigade to assist in burying the dead of the enemy which were left on my front. In the early part of the evening I received orders to move to the left to support a portion of the Fifth Corps; after from the brevet major-general commanding the division, the brigade was massed in the woods on the right of the Second Division, where it remained until coming into its present camp, furnishing large details for fatigue duty.

The casualties during the brief engagement on Sunday evening were small, a report of which has already been forwarded.

The conduct of the officers and men of the entire command was all that could, be desired. Thanks are due to the staff of this brigade for the prompt and cordial manner in which they executed my orders.

Respectfully submitted.

GEO. W. WEST,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major WILLIAM R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division, Second Corps.

Numbers 78. Report of Brigadier General Byron R. Pierce, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of operations March 25.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS

March 27, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the action of Saturday, March 25, 1865:

At 6 a.m. received orders from the general commanding division to break camp and be ready to move; remained under arms until 2 p.m., when I received orders to move my brigade to the front and place it in two lines in rear of General De Trobriand's brigade and be ready to assault the enemy's works. I moved my brigade at once to the front through the main line of works, and in advance of the old picket-line,

