
works, and were exposed to a terrible fire in this unprotected position, but they stood nobly and fought splendidly, not a man of this regiment, or indeed of the whole brigade, left for the rear.

Major Hartford and his regiment deserve particular credit for the gallantry displayed in getting into position under the severe fire and holding it without works, while two regiments from the Second Division that had been lying for hours a little to my left, on the approach of the enemy gave way without firing a gun, leaving much larger space without troops between my left and the right of the Second Division.

After completing the line on the left, under charge of Captain Bowers, acting aide-de-camp, I rode along the line with my adjutant-general, encouraging the men to stand firm and the day would be ours; the One hundred and twentieth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Lockwood, on the right of the Eighth New Jersey Volunteers, and the colonel and his officers were all on their feet doing the same.

The Seventh New Jersey Volunteers, Colonel Price, came next. This regiment was formed at a different angle, so as to enable the men to pour an enfilading fire onto the enemy's lines and prevent them advancing into the gap. I gave this order, and it was executed handsomely and added very much to the repulse of the enemy. Had it not been for this and the aid of the artillery, commanded by Lieutenants Green and Adams, of the Tenth Massachusetts, who were throwing their fire across the swamp at a right angle with my enfilading fire, all would have been lost. These artillery officers deserve great credit, and I have the pleasure to mention them favorably.

The enemy advanced with a yell known to us, all and fell back; again they advanced with determined to break my line, but again my ranks stood firm, and rolled back the tide of battle in a highly creditable manner. Prisoners say that they advanced in three lines of battle. From all I could see and learn, I think that was the case, though the woods prevented our seeing their movements.

I riding along the line, I found Chaplain Hopkins, of the One hundred and twentieth New York Volunteers, using a gun and firing constantly, and encouraging the men to stand firm. He is deserving of mention.

Before the battle ended Major-General Humphreys and a part of his staff came up on the line, and was an eye-witness to the scenes before him. It was a pleasing sight to see how the appearance of our corps commander inspired our men to new efforts.

The third attack of the enemy then attempted ended in a complete rout, and night closing in they fell back to the woods, leaving their dead behind.

During the latter part of the engagement two regiments of the Second Brigade came up to support my line, and at the close the whole Second Brigade formed on my left.

A number of prisoners came in during the evening and in the night, and were forwarded. During the night our pickets were thrown out, and, tired and exhausted as the men were, the most part of the night was spent in building breast-works on the left of the line; the rest of the troops laid on their arms during the night.

On the 6th of February the strengthening of the line was continued, our picket-line advanced, details were sent in front to slash the timber and bury the enemy's dead. In the afternoon a part of my command was sent out on a reconnaissance toward the enemy's lines, which, were then discovered about one mile and a half from our own.

