
February 7, packed up and remained under arms till dark, one-fourth of the command remaining under arms all night.

In conclusion permit me to say that my officers and men did all that could be desired of them. The former encouraging the men to stand firm, regardless of their own personal safety, and the latter firing low as directed. To mention some would be doing injustice to others. I must not, however, omit to notice my adjutant-general, Captain J. P. Finkelmeier, who fully sustained his previous reputation for gallant bravery in action, advising and encouraging officers and men every-where, under the most terrific fire; also my aides, Captain Charles F. Bowers, Captain L. M. Morris, brigade inspector, and Lieutenant William Plimley, who went into the thickest of the fight with a will whenever ordered.

Subjoined I have the honor to submit a statement of casualties:

Killed. Wounded.

Troops.	 Offi	 Men	 Tota	 Offi	 Men 	 Total	 Aggre

 cers	 	 l	 cers	 	 	 gate

7th New Jersey	 -	 -	 -	 -	 1	 1	 1

Volunteers

8th New Jersey	 -	 11	 11	 2	 35	 37	 48

Volunteers

11th New Jersey	 -	 1	 1	 -	 1	 1	 2

Volunteers

11th	 -	 -	 -	 -	 -	 -	 -

Massachusetts

Volunteers

120th New York	 -	 -	 -	 -	 2	 2	 2

Volunteers

Total	 -	 12	 12	 2	 39	 41	 53

Respectfully submitted.

R. McALLISTER,

Brevet Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Major W. R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Div., Second Army Corps.
HDQRS THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,March 28, 1865.

In compliance with orders from headquarters Third Division, Second Army Corps, dated March 27, 1865, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command in the operations of the 25th instant:

At 6 a.m. the brigade was ordered under arms at the breast-works, ready to move, and at 8 a.m. an order was received to send a reconnoitering party in our front. Captain Holmes, whom I sent with fifty men, soon found a strong line of pits, four and five in a pit, and engaged the enemy's pickets. Pursuant to orders to send a force strong enough to press back the enemy's pickets and discover the strength of their main line, I dispatched (at 9.50) Lieutenant-Colonel Schoonover with his regiment, who, upon arrival at the woods left of the open space, near Armstrong's house, found his command insufficient to make a successful attack on the enemy's picket-line. The One hundred and twentieth New York was ordered up for his support, and the combined forces then made a most gallant charge, and succeeded in capturing the enemy's pits and abatis and 100 prisoners, under an enfilading fire of artillery from a redoubt on the right of the enemy's line and heavy volleys of musketry from the main line of their works. It was then discovered that the enemy on this point had a heavy slashing and

