
Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles C. Rivers, Eleventh Massachusetts Infantry, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH MASSACHUSETTS VOL. BATTALION.

March 27, 1865

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the proceedings of this command during the operations of the 25th instant:

At 10 a.m. the battalion moved into the works running parallel with the camp, where it remained until about 1 p.m., when orders were received to move out to the front and support the Eleventh Regiment New Jersey Volunteers. Upon arriving there line was formed on the left of that regiment, and soon after the left of this battalion was connected with the right of the Second Division, which space was unoccupied by any troops until the arrival of this command. Remained in this position until the charge was made across Hatcher's Run by General Smyth's troops, which drove the enemy from their position on the crest of the hill on the south side, when this command moved forward and formed a line on the left of the Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, and two companies from the left of this battalion were ordered across the run, where they formed a junction with the right of General Smyth's command. Soon after dark I learned that the enemy had broken the connection in the Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers and were advancing on my right, which fact was immediately reported to General Smyth, who placed a regiment to fill the gap until the line of troops on the left could be withdrawn, which was soon successfully done without any interruption from the enemy, and the command marched to the open field near the old picket-line, where it remained until about 2 a.m. on the following morning, when it returned to camp.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,CHAS. C. RIVERS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Eleventh Massachusetts Vol. Battalion.

Lieutenant Colonel J. SCHOONOVER,

Commanding Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers.

Numbers 82. Reports of Colonel Francis Price, Seventh New Jersey Infantry, of operations February 5-7 and March 25.
HDQRS. SEVENTH REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VET. VOLS.,February 13, 1865.

SIR: The following report of the part taken by my command in the action of the 5th, 6th, and 7th of February 1865, is respectfully submitted:

Broke camp early on the morning of February 5, and moved down to Rowanty Creek, quite near the Squirrel Level road, where I was assigned a position in a dense wood, and there ordered to erect breast-works. After the works were nearly completed I was ordered to move my command a short distance to the left, and again threw up intrenchments. In the afternoon my command was withdrawn and assigned to the position held in the morning the Eleventh Massachusetts on my right, and the One hundred and twentieth New York on my left. I had hardly occupied the line when the enemy made a vigorous and sudden attack on the pickets, driving them in. The enemy then, in strong force, attempted to carry the intrenchments on my left

