
by assault, but were repulsed. In the charge they exposed themselves to a severe oblique fire from my front. After the action I proceeded to strengthen my position, working all the night of the 5th and morning of the 6th.

On the 6th my command was withdrawn and ordered to take position a short distance to the left, the Eleventh New Jersey on my right and One hundred and twentieth New York on my left. Here we remained during the 7th, strengthening the works and slashing the timber in our front.

During the action of the 5th the officers and men acted with coolness. As all did their duty I have no special act to mention.

The only casualty that occurred was Corpl. Aaron Courtright, acting sergeant-major, who was slightly wounded in the right breast.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS PRICE,

Colonel Seventh New Jersey Veteran Volunteers.

[Captain J. P. FINKELMEIER, Assistant Adjutant-General.]
HDQRS. SEVENTH REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,March 27, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my command in the operations of March 25 instant:

At about 3 p.m. I left the works behind which my command was encamped, marched beyond the picket-line of the First Brigade, and there massed in column of divisions. Remaining in that position for a short time, I was directed to move my command toward the left. After proceeding to the edge of the wood, and having received orders to move forward in line of battle and connect with the left of the One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers (First Brigade), I established my line, the left of which connected with the Eighth New Jersey, which shortly after joined us. I had just completed a small breast-work of logs, hurriedly thrown up, when the enemy, with apparently a strong skirmish line, opened a brisk fire, which, however, was silenced in a short time by the steady and well-directed fire of my men. Nothing further of note occurred, and at about midnight of the 25th I received orders to return to camp.

My loss during the movement is as follows: 1 officer wounded: enlisted men-wounded, 6; missing, 3.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS PRICE,

Colonel Seventh New Jersey Volunteers.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, THIRD BRIGADE.

Numbers 83. Reports of Major Henry Hartford, Eighth New Jersey Infantry, of operations February 5-7 and March 25-26.
HDQRS. EIGHTH BATTALION NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,Near Hatcher's Run, Va., February 13, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report the operations of this battalion on the 5th, 6th, and 7th instant:

On the 5th instant, at 6.30 a.m., we broke camp, marched to the right of the division camp-ground, and took our position in order of march. In conjunction with the brigade we proceeded along the

