
Numbers 84. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John Schoonover, Eleventh New Jersey Infantry, of operations February 5.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,February 12, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to circular from superior headquarters, I have the honor to report the part taken by my command in the action of the 5th instant, as follows:

In accordance with orders received at 3 a.m. on the 5th instant, the regiment was ready to move at 7, and half an hour later took up the march, with the brigade, to the left. Arriving at the Tucker house, on the right of the Vaughan road, the right wing of the regiment was deployed as skirmishers, and advanced to the front, connecting with the skirmish line of the Second Division on the left, and that of the One hundred and twentieth New York Volunteers on the right. This portion of the regiment, except fifty men under charge of Lieutenant Rosetter, was relieved during the afternoon by the pickets of the First Division. In the meantime the left wing was employed in throwing up a breast-work on the crest of the hill in front of the Tucker house. About 4 p.m. the regiment was taken to the rear and halted, with the brigade near the Tucker house, where it remained a short time when it was again put in motion. Almost simultaneously wight his movement firing was heard in the front, and, by order, I went into line double-quick along the works, my right joining General Ramsey's left and my left the Eleventh Massachusetts. About this time the skirmishers began to come in many belonging to the Second Division crossing the works on my front. When Lieutenant Rosetter, with his men, was crossing the open field in front of the works the enemy opened a vigorous fire upon his line with a battery posted to the left and rear of the Thompson house. Shortly after the enemy commenced firing over the works from the thick woods in front of my left.

During the action the enemy did not attempt to advance across the open field in my front, but kept up a steady and scattering fire from the ravine. At no time did I find it necessary to fire a volley, but kept up a steady fire by file. This fire was continued until nearly 8 o'clock, when pickets were thrown out.

I never saw the regiment steadier than on this occasion; the fire was very deliberate.

The conduct of the officers, without an exception, was good.

Loss, 1 man killed and 1 wounded.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. SCHOONOVER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. P. FINKELMEIER, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 85. Report of Captain Charles F. Gage, Eleventh New Jersey Infantry, of operations March 25.

CAMP ELEVENTH NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,

March 27, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the following as the operations of the regiment during the action of the 25th instant:

We filed in the woods beyond the picket-line about 9 a.m. and Companies B and E were deployed as skirmishers, under command of Cap-

