
tain Moorhous, and were moved forward toward the enemy's rifle-pits. The regiment followed by the flank until near the edge of the wood, when the line was formed for a charge. Companies A, D, and F were then deployed upon the left of the skirmish line to form a connection with the Second Division. Soon after these preparations the One hundred and twentieth New York was formed upon our right, and the order to move forward was given by Colonel Schoonover, and the enemy's picket-line was captured, scarcely a man making his escape. During the charge the regiment was under a very severe fire from the enemy's batteries, also from their works about 400 yards in rear. About 3 p.m. the enemy succeeded in getting a force upon our left flank, at the point where the skirmish line connected with the captured pits, and forced us back. In consequence of the destructive fire from their batteries we were unable to rally until we arrived at our old line of picket-posts. After the rally we moved forward to the enemy's pits and again succeeded in getting possession of them, and men were placed in all the pits. The skirmish line was formed as before, connecting with the captured pits. About 4 p.m. the Eleventh Massachusetts formed on our left, and were deployed to connect with the Second Division. About 5 p.m. General Smyth captured the pits in his front, and the regiment was moved forward to keep up the connection. I was then sent to Lieutenant-Colonel Rivers with a message, and while delivering it the enemy again attacked the line in nearly the same manner as before, but with a larger force, and again obtained possession of it. The regiment was reformed at the picket-line, and was not again advanced. We remained on the line until 1 a.m. [26th], when we were relieved by the Eighth New Jersey Volunteers. The company on the left of regiment which was not struck remained at their posts until the Eleventh Massachusetts came in.

The loss during the day-2 killed, 9 wounded, 41 missing.

Respectfully submitted.

C. F. GAGE,

Captain Company E, Acting Major Eleventh New Jersey Vols.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN SCHOONOVER,

Commanding Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers.

Numbers 86. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Abram L. Lockwood, One hundred and twentieth New York Infantry, of operations February 5-7.
HEADQUARTERS 120TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,February 13, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the operations of the 5th, 6th, and 7th instant:

In obedience to orders received this command was formed on its color line at 7 a.m. February 5, in heavy marching order, with four days' rations. It was then marched, with the rest of the brigade, to the left, about three miles, where a line of battle was formed, running east and west. At 12.30 p.m. orders were received to throw up a line of works. The line was almost completed when orders were received to withdraw from these works and mass near the Tucker house, being relieved by troops of General Ramsey's brigade about 4 p.m. We

