
line, conforming my movements with those of the Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers. We charged across an open field, about 300 yards, carried the enemy's line, capturing 2 commissioned officers and about 40 enlisted men. We held the line until about 3 p.m. when the enemy sent a force on our left through a ravine which entirely concealed them until they were within a few yards of our line; they dashed upon us, driving us from the line. I immediately reformed my regiment and charged the line the second time, driving the enemy from it and capturing about twenty prisoners, and held the line until about 5 p.m. The enemy again massed a strong force on our left, and charged our left, driving a portion of my regiment away from their pits, and moved by the flank along our toward our right, driving our men away pit by pit. I reformed my regiment in the woods, when the Seventh New Jersey Volunteers came up in line of battle and took up a line in the woods about fifty yards in my front. I reported to brigade headquarters and was ordered to remain where I was until further orders.

At 1 a.m. March 26 I received orders to return to our original camp. During the day our loss was, 6 killed, 32 wounded, and 46 missing.

I am, sir, yours, respectfully.

WALTER F. SCOTT,

Major, Commanding 120th New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant Colonel J. SCHOONOVER,

Commanding Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers.

Numbers 88. Reports of Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel John G. Hazard, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, commanding Artillery Brigade, of operations February 5-7 and March 25.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, SECOND ARMY CORPS,February 12, 1865.

MAJOR: In obedience to instructions received from headquarters of the corps, February 4, 1865, three batteries of this brigade were got in readiness to move. On the evening of the 4th I was informed that only two batteries would go, and designated Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery, Brevet Captain Roder commanding, with a section of Battery B, First Rhode Island Artillery, attached, and the Tenth Massachusetts Battery, First Lieutenant J. Webb Adams commanding. Captain Roder was directed to report to Brevet Major-General Mott, commanding Third Division, at 6.30 a.m. February 5, and Lieutenant Adams to Brigadier-General Smyth, commanding Second Division, at the same hour. Captain A. J. Clark, First New Jersey Artillery, was left in command of the batteries on the First Division line. The batteries moved with the troops at 7 a.m. on the Vaughan road toward Hatcher's run. When the First Brigade of the Third Division carried the ford at the run, one section of Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery, was put in position to cover the ford of the Third Division, and another to protect the flank, and remained there during the day. When General Smyth's division moved toward Armstrong's Mill ford it was followed by the Tenth Massachusetts Battery. One section was placed in position near the Armstrong house, covering the ford and another commanding the Duncan road. The remaining section, under command of

