
when they were withdrawn by order of Major-General Miles, and took up their old position in Battery A. During the day the Tenth Massachusetts, B, First New Jersey Artillery, Eleventh New York, and First New Hampshire fired on the enemy's position from their respective works, but the distance being so great it is doubtful if they rendered any material assistance. During the attack upon General Miles, Battery E, Fifth U. S. Artillery, was ordered to report to me, by order of Major-General Griffin. I placed one section in position near the enemy's old work in rear of the Skinner house, to right of Roder's battery. On account of its being a three-inch battery I considered it would be of little or no use in firing over the heads of our troops. After firing a few rounds I ordered it to the rear. On the withdrawal of the troops the batteries of the command were ordered to their former positions.

There were no casualties nor loss of material.

The following is the amount of ammunition expended:

Command.	 Soli	 Sphe	 Shel	 Hotc	 Hotc	 Sche	 Sch

 d	 rica	 l	 hkis	 hkis	 nkl	 enk

 shot	 l	 	 s	 s	 perc	 l

 	 case	 	 perc	 case	 ussi	 com

 	 	 	 ussi	 	 on	 bin

 	 	 	 on	 	 	 ati

 	 	 	 	 	 	 on

Battery K, 4th U. S.	 33	 28	 8	 --	 --	 --	 --

Artillery

Battery B, 1st New	 8	 --	 --	 --	 --	 --	 --

Jersey Artillery

11th NEw York	 --	 --	 --	 8	 --	 --	 --

Battery

10th Massachusetts	 --	 --	 --	 12	 77	 --	 --

Battery

Battery M, 1st New	 --	 --	 --	 42	 20	 27	 80

Hampshire Artillery

Total	 41	 28	 8	 62	 97	 27	 80

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. HAZARD,

Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel CHARLES A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps.

(Copy to Bvt. Major John N. Craig, assistant adjutant-general, artillery headquarters, Army of the Potomac.)

No. 89. Report of Bvt. General John W. Roder, Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery, of operations February 5-11.
HEADQUARTERS BATTERY K, FOURTH U. S. ARTILLERY,Before Petersburg, Va., February 12, 1865.

COLONEL: In compliance with instructions from headquarters Artillery Brigade, Second Corps, of this date, I have the honor to submit the following report of the participation of Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery, in the recent movement:

In obedience to orders from headquarters Artillery Brigade, Second Corps, I reported with my battery to Brevet Major-General Mott, commanding Third Division, Second Corps, at 6.30 o'clock on the morning of the 5th instant; was directed by the general to follow the division, which would take the Vaughan road and march in the direction toward Hatcher's Run. Soon after we had started I was requested by one of General Mott's aides to send one section to the front, which I did, sending

