
the right section, under the command of LIeutenant Smith. I afterward found it in position in a small field near Hatcher's Run. I brought the rest of the battery in the same field; remained there all day without firing any. Some time during the night I was directed by the chief of artillery to detach one section, under command of Lieutenant chief of artillery to detach one section, under command of Lieutenant Smith, which I did (you will find his report inclosed herewith), and ordered to move the rest of the guns back in a field near the Cummings house. Here I remained from the 6th to the morning of the 11th instant, when I was ordered to go back to my old camp.

I have no losses or casualties to report of any kind.

Respectfully submitted.

J. W. RODER,

First Lieutenant, Fourth U. S. Arty., Bvt. Captain, Commanding Battery K.

Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel J. G. HAZARD,

Commanding Artillery Brigade, Second Corps.

No. 90. Report of Lieutenant Edward S. Smith, Fifteenth Battery New York Light Artillery, commanding section Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery, of operations February 6-11.
HEADQUARTERS BATTERY K, FOURTH U. S. ARTILLERY,Before Petersburg, Va., February 12, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my section after having been detached from the battery, on the night of the 6th instant:

I was conducted by Lieutenant Bull (inspector of artillery of the Artillery Brigade, Second Corps) to the Second Division line. I was then directed by General Smyth, commanding Second Division, Second Corps, to take position on the crest of a hill in the rear and left of the ARmstrong house. Remained there until about 4 o'clock in the afternoon, when ordered to move my section to the front of the house and open as quickly as possible on a piece of woods through which the enemy were charging. Fired eighty-two rounds of solid shot, spherical case, and shell. Remained in position all night. On Tuesday, about 3 p.m., was again ordered to open a brisk fire into the woods where the enemy were supposed to be massing to make an attack on the Fifth Corps; fired twenty-six rounds of solid shot. Remained in position until the morning of the 11th instant, when I was directed by Lieutenant Deane, aide-de-camp to the chief of artillery, to move my section to the rear and right, take position on the Third Division line. Remained there about five hours, when I was relieved by Lieutenant Chase, with a section of Battery B, First Rhode Island Artillery, and ordered to report back to the battery.

The non-commissioned officers and privates behaved in their usual good manner.

I have no losses or casualties to report, with the exception of my own horse being wounded.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. S. SMITH,

First Lieutenant, Fifteenth New York Battery,

Attached to Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery.

Bvt. Captain JOHN W. RODER,

Commanding Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery.

