
line, and attacked at once. Gwyn's brigade, Second Division, formed line of battle and advanced to the bank of the stream, driving the enemy from their works. Trees were felled to facilitate the crossing, and as it was found impossible to ford, a temporary bridge was constructed upon felled trees for the cavalry. Upon this they crossed and again went forward, the head of the column in a westerly direction. They reached the Vaughan road in two miles and proceeded down it to Great Cat-tail Creek. Here we communicated with Gregg's cavalry, by parties sent toward us for that purpose. As this was the point to be reached, the troops began to take up the positions assigned to them in the following order: The Second Division, covering the Quaker road and roads leading north; the First Division went into position near the Hargrave house, covering the Vaughan road and roads leading west; the Third Division, on the right in a field east of the Vaughan house. Communication was opened with the Second Corps, and about 5 o'clock heavy firing was heard in that direction. As soon as the proper disposition had been made of the troops you established your headquarters at the crossing of the Vaughan and Quaker roads.

About 10 p.m. you sent me with an order to General Gregg. His command was about five miles down the stream at the next crossing. I reached him by a road on the north side of Rowanty Creek; he was then ready to march. I came back with an officer of his staff in advance of the cavalry, and reached you at 3 a.m. on the 6th. The troops were then moving on the Vaughan road toward the crossing at Hatcher's Run. By 8 o'clock all the infantry were massed near the run, some of them inside of the rifle-pits thrown up to protect the crossing by troops of the Second Corps. The cavalry came up in the rear and went into position, covering the Vaughan road half a mile from the crossing, in a large field near the Keys house. The enemy followed them up, and Winthrop's brigade was sent to their support. The Third Division crossed Hatcher's Run and massed on the north side. From the south side a picket-line was thrown out, connecting on the right with the Second Corps and with cavalry on the left. The enemy's pickets were discovered on the edge of timber beyond a small open lot, a few hundred paces outside of the works. About 4 o'clock you sent an order to General Crawford to advance to Dabney's Mill, and drive the enemy into his works. I went with him to assist in carrying out the order. A line of battle was formed in the open ground before mentioned, and advanced by an old wood road, driving the enemy out of their picket-pits and pushing them rapidly through the woods and beyond Dabney's Mill. Here the line halted and engaged the enemy until the necessary disposition had been made. The Second Division came up and went into line on the left of the Third. The right of the line of battle rested in a field near the Brouder house, covering the road to Armstrong's Mill. About 5 o'clock you sent me from this part of the field with an order to General Griffin to send you one best brigade to the large open ground to the support of Winthrop's brigade, and to take command at that point. He was on the field when I reached him, and had already sent for one brigade. This was about the time of the attack on the Second and Third Divisions.

On my returns I saw two brigades of the Sixth Corps halted near the rifle-pits, apparently awaiting orders. I ascertained that they were support to the Second and Third Divisions, and put them in motion immediately. General Wheaton then came up. I pointed out the road

