
to him and joined you at the front. I was then ordered to go back and hurry them up. About this time I saw a number of men giving way and running to the rear, and amid the confusion I found General Wheaton endeavoring to form a line of battle where his command had reached, which was 200 yards in rear of where the troops were giving way, but the men became panic-stricken and fled as if by common consent, firing into their officers and among one another as they ran. General Gwyn's brigade came out of woods en masse before the action was over, stating that they were out of ammunition. A part of the Third Division came back, slowly and in comparative order, and succeeded in checking the enemy in the woods. This gave time to form a line of battle in the field from which the advance was made. The enemy did not seem disposed to push farther than to recover the ground lost in the morning. At dark all became quiet, and when the troops who had lost their information were formed in their respective regiments, they took up their former position within the breast-works, the Third Division camping for the night on the north side of Hatcher's Run.

On the morning of the 7th instant you sent me up the run to find a position for a battery to reply to the enemy's battery at Dabney's Mill. I found a good position near Armstrong's Mill, and a battery in position at the Armstrong house belonging to General Smyth's division of the Second Corps. I then crossed the run at the right of the First Division and went out on the open ground in front of the works to the pickets. From no indications of the enemy I judged they had withdrawn their pickets some distance, and reported it to you on my return. About 12 o'clock you sent me with an order to General Crawford to take his command across Hatcher's Run and up the stream to near Armstrong's Mill; from there push out as far as possible toward Dabney's Mill, burry his dead of the day before, and see what was going on. The order was carried out promptly. The enemy, contrary to our expectations, were found in their old picket-line and were driven back about one-quarter of a mile; the line of battle was advanced as far as practicable and temporary works were thrown up, the right of the line resting on Hatcher's Run above the mill-dam, after which I came back and reported to you. Two brigades of Wheaton's division had been sent to support the Third Division. I then returned to General Crawford with a written order from you to use all his support and to drive the enemy into his works at Dabney's Mill. I went from there to General Smyth (by your order) to ask him to render what assistance he could with his artillery. He immediately opened a battery at the Armstrong house, firing toward Dabney's Mill. General Crawford then advanced and drove the enemy to their works, recovering most of the battle-field of the 6th and burying a number of the dead. Firing was kept up until late in the night. ON the morning of the 8th instant all was quiet, and at 8 o'clock General Crawford's command was withdrawn by order to the north side of Hatcher's Run. I herewith submit map showing the country marched through, position of troops, &amp;c.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. COPE,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

