
to the emergencies of a campaign. Fortunately the reserve supplies of the medical department came so promptly to supply all deficiencies that never for a day was there any lack.

The field hospitals were once more cleared, the flying hospitals separated, the ambulance boxes filled with their battle supplies, when, on the morning of March 29, we once more took up our line of march. One-half the ambulances and the flying hospitals accompanied the troops, the balance remaining back with the heavy train. Crossing Rowanty Creek along the stage road to Quaker road, thence passing along the Quaker road, we nearly reached the Boydton plank road to find the enemy, about 4 o'clock, in position. Immediately a very sharp engagement ensued, resulting in driving the enemy back into his works.

As rapidly as possible a hospital was established at a house (name never certainly known, but said to be called Spain house) near the Quaker Church on Quaker road. Fort he first and only time the battle supplies of the ambulance boxes came into requisition. Soon the wounded began to reach the hospitals, operating tables were extemporized, and regimental supplies of dressings were seized upon, until the restriction against bringing any wagons across Gravelly Run was removed by the success at the front. The engagement was sharp, the wounded numerous; but all were promptly dressed and comfortably provided for in the several hospitals. By 7 a.m. the wounded were on their way to the railroad at Humphreys' Station, over roads rendered almost impassable by rain and travel. The following day was occupied in advancing our lines and constructing defenses, slight skirmishing only taking place.

On 31st our whole corps again took the advance. The Second and Third Division, driven back, being supported by the First Division, soon forced the enemy to retreat with considerable loss. During the night the corps was massed near the Boydton plank road, and its Second Division sent to the support of General Sheridan toward Dinwiddie Court-House. The other divisions, marching by another road converging, brought all the divisions into the engagement of the Five Forks, where, in conjunction with General Sheridan's cavalry, under whose orders we had been placed, a most decisive battle was won, resulting in the capture of many guns and several thousand prisoners. Our wounded, though considerable, by no means equaled in number the loss in the fight of the Quaker road.

A hospital was promptly established at the Methodist Church on the White Oak road. From here some patients were sent to Humphreys' Station, some to Quaker Church hospital. Both hospitals were promptly broken up. All that were not disposed of when the pursuit of Lee began on the 2nd, were brought forward to Sutherland's Station, on the South Side Railroad. Here they were left in fourteen hospital tents, with a surgeon and all necessary supplies, the balance of the hospital train, and the ambulances hastening after the troops.

Owing to the rapidity of the march, the condition of the roads, and the cutting of the trains by troops, much anxiety was felt left the delays should be detrimental; but on the 5th, at Jetersville, our trains all reached us and remained with us.

By marches, varying from twenty to thirty miles between and 2nd and 9th, we reached the vicinity of Appomattox Court-House to find the enemy driving General Sheridan's cavalry, with the intention, as we afterward learned, of breaking through and continuing their retreat. Right promptly General Sheridan put our Second Division into line on our extreme left, nearest the Twenty-fourth Corps, while in person he

