
superintended the advance of the First Division and the artillery. As the skirmishers advanced they rapidly encountered those of the enemy, but were promptly followed by the line of battle. As they rose the crest of the hill, overlooking Appomattox Court-House, the already demoralized rebel army and their despairing general gave up all hope and fell back into the valley, his last ditch, and speedily sued for terms of surrender. By 3 o'clock the troops were in camp, and we had gained a bloodless victory. The great joy of the men seemed to save them from the ill effects naturally to be expected from such unprecedented marching.

From the 9th to the 15th we remained at Appomattox Court-House, receiving the surrendered property of the rebels, viz, 157 pieces of artillery, 71 battle-flags, 17,000 stand of arms, and 26,115 prisoners. On the 15th we started for Nottoway Court-House, which we reached on the 20th, relieving the Ninth Army Corps in the duty of guarding the railroad from Burkeville to Sutherland's Station. For the remainder of the month the corps continued at this point; the usual amount of sickness, presenting no peculiar feature, attended our stay.

Inclosed herewith please find reports of surgeons-in-chief of divisions and artillery brigade, as well as of the medical inspector of the corps. To these, in addition to the daily, weekly, and monthly reports, I beg leave to refer for the detail of operations.

I cannot close this report without expressing in warm terms my appreciation of the great fidelity and ability with which those several officers have performed their respective duties. In addition to these should be mentioned with especial commendation the surgeons in charge of the several division hospitals, viz, Joseph Thomas, surgeon One hundred and eighteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, in charge of First Division hospital; H. C. Dean, One hundred and fortieth New York, in charge of Second Division hospital; H. Strauss, One hundred and fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, in charge of Third Division hospital.

With rare exceptions the medical service has been well and faithfully performed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. RUSH SPENCER,

Surg., U. S. Vols., Lieutenant Colonel and Med. Director, Fifth Army Corps.

Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel THOMAS A. McPARLIN,

Surg. U. S. Army, Colonel and Med. Director, Army of the Potomac.

No. 93. Report of Bvt. Brigadier General Horatio G. Sickel, One hundred and ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding First Brigade, First Division, of operations February 5-7.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Hatcher's Run and Vaughan Road, Va.,

February 13, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with circular from division headquarters of the 11th instant I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the First Brigade, First Division, Fifth Corps, in the operations of the army on the 5th, 6th, and 7th of the present month:

Pursuant to orders we broke camp at 6.30 a.m. on the 5th instant and marched west to the Weldon railroad, the south on the Halifax road about three miles, then southwest to a point on Hatcher's Run,

