
On the morning of the 7th the enemy's cavalry appeared on our left in considerable force, followed by a skirmish-line of infantry, which for a time seemed to threaten an attack. Sharp firing was kept up between the two lines of skirmishers for three-fourths of an hour, in which two of my men were severely wounded. I reported these facts immediately to Major-General Griffin, and, by his direction, to General Gregg, who immediately sent to the left a regiment of cavalry, and a battery of artillery was also sent to our support. About 7 a.m. a heavy rain and hail storm set in, when the enemy withdrew to cover of the woods. At 11 a.m. my brigade was relieved by General Gregg's cavalry, and by orders from General Griffin we returned and reoccupied the works we had left on the previous day.

Among the officers who particularly distinguished themselves in the engagement I am happy to present the names of Colonel Erwin S. Jenney, of the One hundred and eighty-fifth Regiment New York Volunteers, and Major Erwin A. Glenn, of the One hundred and ninety-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, both of whom displayed great coolness on the field and ability in the management of their troops. Indeed, the conduct of all the field officers was unexceptionably good, as also of the line. My staff, consisting of Captain Francis B. Jones, brigade inspector, Lieutenant Thomas Mitchell, acting assistant adjutant-general, Lieutenant Theodore K. Vogel, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant Amos. N. Seitzinger, acting pioneer officer, were all present on the field and rendered good service; particularly Captain Jones, who displayed upon this, as upon former occasions, a zeal, ability, and gallantry worthy of imitation, and I respectfully submit his case to the commanding general as especially deserving notice. Among those missing I regret the loss of that gallant and efficient officer, Major Robert P. Bush, of the One hundred and eighty-fifth New York Volunteers. He was lost on the evening of the 6th instant, while establishing the pickets a short distance west of the Vaughan road.

I am, captain, with great respect, your obedient servant,

H. G. SICKEL,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain G. M. LAUGHLIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

No. 94. Report of Brigadier General Joshua L. Chamberlain, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,Near Hatcher's Run, Va., March 28, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders this day received, I have the honor to submit a report of the operations of this command on the 25th instant.

The First Brigade moved out at about 8 o'clock a.m. (following the Third Brigade) in the direction of Third Division headquarters. Remaining massed in that vicinity for a few hours, we then moved to our left, passed the line of works occupied by the Second Division, Second Corps, and massed near a house, known as Mrs. Warren's. Soon after, we moved to the right and massed in rear of General Miles' division of the Second Corps. At about 3 p.m. I was ordered to return to the Warren house and report to Major-General Mott. Arriving there I received the order from Major-General Humphreys to move directly to

