
is the best excuse that can be given for such conduct and demands the most earnest efforts of its officers to discipline the men and make them more steady in the excitement of battle.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 96. Report of Bvt. Brigadier General Edgar M. Gregory, Ninety-first Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,March 28, 1865.

CAPTAIN: According to instructions received from headquarters, on the morning of the 25th I moved my brigade to the defenses at Hatcher's Run and occupied the same, my lines extending from the extreme left of the works to the Second Corps; we so occupied the works until 8 p.m., when one brigade of the Second Corps being removed, we extended our lines so as to fill up the interval. Nothing of importance transpired, and the enemy did not make their appearance. We occupied the defenses until about 11 a.m. of the 26th instant, when we moved back to our camp, according to instructions from headquarters.

Very respectfully,

E. M. GREGORY,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

Captain WILLIAM FOWLER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

No. 97. Report of Bvt. Brigadier General Alfred L. Pearson, One hundred and fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations February 5-7.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,February 13, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements and operations of this command during the 5th, 6th, and 7th days of February, 1865:

In obedience to orders I moved from camp near Petersburg, Va., on Sunday, February 5, at 6.30 a.m., passing along the line of the Weldon Railroad in the direction of Reams' Station. Left the railroad before reaching that point and moved in the direction of Dinwiddie Court-House, crossing Rowanty Creek at 2 p.m., and halted about three miles from the Court-House. Placed the command in line and bivouacked. Threw out a strong picket force connecting with the Second Brigade, First Division, on my right and Third Division on the left. At 11.30 p.m. received orders to withdraw the picket-line and to move back, covering the First and Second Brigades of First Division.

Marched until daylight, when we halted near Hatcher's Run and rested until 10 a.m. (6th), when, by orders received from Brevet Major-

