
order to the edge of the woods and again became engaged. The enemy having retired I placed the brigade in a new and more favorable position, forming on the right of a brigade of Sixth Corps which was being reorganized, and threw out the First Michigan Volunteers and One hundred and eighteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers as skirmishers. Remained in that position until relieved by Brevet Brigadier-General Winthrop's brigade of Second Division, when (by order received from General Warren) I moved back to and occupied my old position near Hatcher's Run. Remained there all night and during the day of the 7th.

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct and gallant bearing of the following-named officers, who did all officers could to insure success, viz, Colonel J. Cushing Edmands, Lieutenant Colonel J. A. Cunningham, Major E. O. Shepard (wounded and taken prisoner), Thirty-second Massachusetts Volunteers; Bvt. Colonel Charles P. Herring, One hundred and eighteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers (wounded); Bvt. Colonel B. F. Partridge, Sixteenth Michigan Veteran Volunteers; Adjutant Laird, Sixteenth Michigan Veteran Volunteers; Captain John T. Bell, commanding One hundred and fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Captain George P. McClelland, One hundred and fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers; and also the following-named officers acting on my staff: Captain E. S. Farnsworth, Thirty-second Massachusetts Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain George F. Morgan, One hundred and fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, acting brigade inspector; Lieutenant George W. Williams, One hundred and eighteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant William Griffin, Twentieth Maine Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp. I would also make especial mention of Private John Gottlieb Heydlauff, Company B, Sixteenth Michigan Volunteers, who acted as color-bearer and bugler of my brigade, and who placed himself on the front line, and by constantly sounding the brigade call did much to help reorganize the troops of the brigade. I would earnestly recommend that a gold medal be granted him for meritorious conduct.

Following is a numerical list of casualties during engagements: Officers-killed, 3; wounded, 7; missing, 1; total, 11. Enlisted men-killed, 15; wounded, 122; missing, 30; total, 167. Aggregate, 178.

Respectfully submitted.

A. L. PEARSON,

Brevet Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain GEORGE M. LAUGHLIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,February 18, 1865.

Respectfully returned.

The major-general commanding witnessed the action of this brigade until the brigade of the Sixth Corps came up, and the latter did not fire into Pearson's brigade. The fire complained of came from Colonel Burr's brigade, but did not amount to much in effect. This part of the within report ought to be corrected. The firing from the rear is mainly attributable to the mass of fugitives rushing from the front upon the lines formed to stop them. Their fire did not occasion their lines to break in the first instance.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

