
[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,February 22, 1865.

Respectfully reforwarded.

I am compelled, after mature consideration, to return my report unaltered. I did not see Colonel Burr's brigade until after I had fallen back to the open field. The first shots that were fired from the rear into my troops came from the Third Division and when my men were engaged and in good order at the old mill. Colonel Burr's brigade then could not have been within 800 yards of me. After I had fallen back and was trying to reform, I rode up to a person, whom I supposed to be an officer, wearing a Sixth Corps badge, and asked him to stop his men and make them cease firing, as my own men were in front. He replied: "By God, you do not command this regiment. Colonel --- (I have forgotten the name) commands here." I am willing to withdraw my entire report.

A. L. PEARSON,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

No. 98. Report of Captain George R. Abbott, First Battalion, Maine Sharpshooters, of operations March 25.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MAINE SHARPSHOOTERS,March 28, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with instructions from brigade headquarters I respectfully submit the following report of the proceedings of this command on the 25th instant:

Left camp about 7 a.m. the 25th instant, in light marching order, proceeded to brigade headquarters, and there joined brigade; marched thence to near corps headquarters, remained until noon. Then took up line of march to the position of the Second Corps, occupying the breast-works vacated by them. About 6 p.m. moved to front; formed line of battle (constituting the third in number) in support of part of First Division. Returned to camp about 10 p.m. Was not engaged with enemy, consequently no casualties.

Respectfully submitted.

GEO. R. ABBOTT,

Captain, Commanding First Maine Sharpshooters.

Captain E. S. FARNSWORTH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 99. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Walter G. Morrill, Twentieth Maine Infantry, of operations March 25.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH MAINE VOLUNTEERS,March 28, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that this regiment left camp about 7 o'clock Saturday a.m., March 25, 1865, and proceeded toward the right of the army, remaining there until noon. From thence proceeded

18 R R-VOL XLVI, PT I

