
toward the left near Hatcher's Run, acting as support to the Second Corps in their advance. Remained upon the field in their support during the engagement, then proceeded to camp, which was reached about 11 p.m. Lost one man, slightly wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WALTER G. MORRILL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twentieth Maine Volunteers.

Captain E. S. FARNSWORTH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

No. 100. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James A. Cunningham, Thirty-second Massachusetts Infantry, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. THIRTY-SECOND MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS,March 28, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular from Third Brigade headquarters relating to the operations of this command on the 25th instant, I have the honor to make the following report:

In obedience to orders received, the command was put under arms at 7 a.m. and repaired to brigade headquarters; then marched, in company with brigade, about one mile down the railroad; remained there three hours, and returned. Marched to the front to support the Second Corps, but was not actively engaged, and no casualties occurred in the command, which was in the second line of battle.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. A. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain EZRA S. FARNSWORTH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 101. Report of Major William O. Colt, Eighty-third Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Sixteenth Michigan Infantry, of operations March 25.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH MICHIGAN INFANTRY,March 28, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, in compliance with instructions from brigade headquarters of this date, that the Sixteenth Michigan Infantry Veteran Volunteers, of which I was in command upon the 25th instant, left camp that morning immediately upon the bugle sounding the assembly at brigade headquarters, and was the second regiment to reach the appointed place of assembly, and remained with the brigade until about 5 p.m, when the regiment was ordered to advance upon the left of the One hundred and fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers and relieve a portion of the Second Corps. Upon arriving at the position directed to a sharp musketry fire was encountered from the front and right, which was replied to for about ten minutes, when the firing

