
ceased on that portion of the line. Casualties were very slight-one man killed, Private Davis, Company D, and Lieutenant Nellis, Company I, slightly wounded. The regiment remained in this position until about 10 p.m., when orders were received to return to camp. Throughout the entire day the officers and men behaved well.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. O. COLT,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain E. S. FARNSWORTH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

No. 102. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Chauncey P. Rogers, Eighty-third Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-THIRD PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,March 28, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders received, I moved with my command on the morning of the 25th instant to the field in front of Third Brigade headquarters, and there awaited orders. At 9 a.m. I received orders to follow the One hundred and eighteenth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, which I did in all its peregrinations. About 6 p.m., from near the Smith house, moved out with other regiments of the brigade to, as I understood, support General Miles' division of the Second Corps. After arriving in rear of General Miles' line I was requested by Colonel ---, commanding a brigade of the Second Corps, to support him, which I did in a desperate assault on the dense woods in our front. My regiment was not at any time during the day engaged with the enemy. Two enlisted men, severely wounded by random shots, was the only loss I sustained. Shortly before midnight, with other regiments of the brigade, I returned to my old camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. P. ROGERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain E. S. FARNSWORTH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 103. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Eli G. Sellers, Ninety-first Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. NINETY-FIRST PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLS.,March 28, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following operations of my command on the 25th instant:

Moved from camp about 6.30 a.m.; halted at brigade headquarters and awaited orders. Marched to the right along the railroad about two miles and halted. About 12 m. moved to the support of the Second Corps;

