
lay in reserve outside of breast-works; moved into breast-works about 3 p.m. About 5 p.m. moved out in front of breast-works and formed on the right of second line of battle, in rear of One hundred and fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, while the Second Corps was engaged. About 9 a.m. returned to camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELI G. SELLERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain E. S. FARNSWORTH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 104. Reports of Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel Henry O'Neil, One hundred and eighteenth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations February 5-7 and March 25.
HDQRS. 118TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,February 12, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions contained in circular from headquarters Third Brigade, dated February 11, 1865, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this command, together with the casualties of the 5th, 6th, and 7th instant:

On the 5th left camp near Petersburg at 6.30 a.m.; marched to and crossed a small stream near the rebel Dr. Perkins' farm; continued the march until 5.30 p.m. and bivouacked. At 11.30 p.m. commenced falling back toward Hatcher's Run, and, crossing Pebble Run, halted on the bank of Hatcher's Run at 3 a.m. on the morning of the 6th. At 9 a.m. moved into position and formed a line, the right resting of the command employed in throwing up breast-works. Remained in this position until 4 p.m. when we advanced to meet the enemy and soon became sharply engaged. Reached a hastily constructed line of works belonging to the enemy and held them a short time. The troops on our right falling back soon caused the entire line to waver and retreat. A portion of the regiment was rallied and advanced as skirmishers, and remained in that position until 7.30 p.m., when they were relieved.

Remained on the night of the 6th and the whole of the 7th in the works near Hatcher's Run, performing picket and fatigue duty.

Casualties on the 6th instant.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. O'NEILL,

Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain GEORGE F. MORGAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. 118TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,March 28, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions contained in circular of present date, I have the honor to report that at 7 a.m. 26th [25th] instant

---------------

*Nominal list, omitted, shows 1 officer killed and 2 officers and 4 enlisted men wounded.

---------------

