
the command was placed under arms and moved out at once. Marched to near headquarters Fifth Army Corps; there halted until about 11 a.m. Then marched to front of works of Second Corps; moved from point to point until about 6 p.m., when this command advanced with a part of the brigade and relieved a portion of the Second Corps line of battle, then engaged. Commenced firing as soon as the command was halted and continued it at intervals until dark. Remained in line undisturbed until about 10 p.m. Were then withdrawn from the front and marched to camp, arriving there at 12 p.m.

This command experienced no losses in the operations of the day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. O'NEILL,

Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding 118th Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain E. S. FARNSWORTH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant.

No. 105. Reports of Bvt. Major General Romeyn B. Ayres, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of operations February 5-7.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS,February 14, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that this division marched from camp on Sunday morning, 5th instant. Resistance was offered by a detachment of rebels (who had destroyed the bridge) at the crossing of the Rowanty (Hatcher's Run). The place was quickly carried by the Third Brigade, and a portion of the defenders captured. The division proceeded and took up a position on the Quaker road. Marched that night on the Vaughan road to the crossing of Hatcher's Run. The First Brigade was sent out next morning along the road to support the cavalry. Later I received an order to support the Third Division in a reconnaissance to Dabney's Mill. I sent an order to withdraw the First Brigade in time for it to take its place in the column, but the enemy having advanced along the Vaughan road, that brigade became briskly engaged to my left and could not be withdrawn. Having received notice from General Crawford that his left was hard pressed, I was pushing forward rapidly with two brigades, marching in two lines by a flank in the thick underbrush ascending a ridge, when a quantity of our cavalry, riding rapidly, came on to my ranks suddenly. A portion of my troops were swept away, but I pushed rapidly on with what I had, soon engaged the enemy, and quickly retook the mill site, which I held, re-enforced by three regiments of the First Division, till the troops on my right were pressed back by overwhelming numbers. My troops then fell back to the open ground and were subsequently withdrawn to the position held previous. I refer you to the reports of the brigade commanders for further particulars of their operations. Those officers-Brevet Brigadier-General Winthrop, Brevet Brigadier-General Gwyn, and Colonel Bowerman, Eighth [Fourth] Maryland Volunteers-seconded me with zeal and energy. GEneral Winthrop handsomely repulsed the enemy's attack on the Vaughan road. I must bear testimony in this connection to the zeal, intelligence, and good conduct of my staff-Bvt. Colonel C. E. LaMotte, Fourth Delaware Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general; Bvt. Major W. W. Swan, Seventeenth U. S. Infantry, acting assistant adjutant-general; First

