
[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,February 18, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Brevet Major-General Griffin.

According to the orders of the major-general commanding, Brevet Brigadier-General Winthrop came under your orders. Will you please state whether or not he received any orders from you during the afternoon of the 6th instant, and make any indorsement on this report you think called for. Please return this report with indorsement.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,March 8, 1865.

I would respectfully state that General Winthrop received no important orders from me whilst engaging the enemy. I was not aware that he was supporting the cavalry until after he had been relieved by First Brigade, First Division, and when I went on the field General Winthrop reported to me that his command had not a round of ammunition.

CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Brevet Major-General.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,March 8, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Brevet Brigadier-General Winthrop, who will please state whether or not it was a fact that this command had entirely exhausted their ammunition at the time he was relieved by the First Brigade, First Division.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Fourth indorsement.]
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,March 13, 1865.

Respectfully returned.

It is a fact that the brigade had certainly exhausted their ammunition at the time it was relieved by the First Brigade, First Division. For a considerable length of time before the First Brigade, First Division, came up a large number of my men had not a single round left in their boxes. So soon as I was relieved by the First Brigade, First Division, I retired 75 to 100 yards in rear of my position and replenished my boxes with the ammunition which I had just then succeeded in procuring. I received no orders of any description from Major-General Griffin during the time my troops were engaged, something over two hours, he not being on the field at that period. While I was replenishing my cartridge-boxes General Griffin rode up and, so soon as my troops were all supplied, I reported to him, as he was then the senior officer present. Shortly after this I received orders to report to Major-

