
General Warren with my command. Out of ammunition, is an old story, and with me has always been received with a certain amount of suspicion, but in this instance there was some merit in it.

FRED. WINTHROP,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

No. 107. Report of Colonel Richard N. Bowerman, Fourth Maryland Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations February 5-7.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND DIV., FIFTH CORPS,Near Hatcher's Run, Va., February 12, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by this brigade in the affairs of the 5th, 6th, and 7th instant:

Marched from camp near the Gurley house Sunday, the 5th instant, 7 a.m., going toward Hatcher's Run, crossing same about noon; proceeded till 4 p.m., going into position at the Vaughan house on the military pike. At 11 p.m. marched on Vaughan road back to Harcher's Run. Daylight, Monday, 6th instant, went into breast-works; 2 p.m. followed Crawford's division, forming into two lines, advanced into the woods near the run, an engagement going on. A line of troops going to the rear at this time disarranged the line. Continuing to advance, encountered the enemy charging ahead. The enemy rapidly falling back, reached Dabney's Mill; pressing on about 200 yards beyond, a brisk action commenced. Falling short of ammunition, withdrew slowly to the mill; remained here fighting the enemy till the ammunition gave entirely out, and the troops on the flank having fallen back, the brigade was withdrawn in good order and slowly back to the position occupied previous to going into the battle. Time engaged, about two hours and a half. Tuesday, 7th instant, remained in breast-works.

Herewith is list of casualties.*

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICH'D N. BOWERMAN,

Colonel Fourth Regiment Maryland Vol. Infty., Commanding Brigade.

Major W. W. SWAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Fifth Army Corps.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,February 18, 1865.

Respectfully returned.

The major-general commanding desires to know whether this brigade retired (when, as is stated within, it was not supported on either its right or left flank) by orders from its division commander, and whether any of our troops were on its right or left flank; and further, whether the enemy assailed on either of its flanks, rendering its position untenable. The major-general commanding the corps wishes to secure his troops from charges thus made in official reports by one part of his command against another, and therefore makes these inquiries so that the report may be made more specific in its allegations against those who left this brigade unsupported. It is his present opinion the brigade left the front without orders and without encountering a sufficient force of the

---------------

*Embodied in table, p.66.

---------------

