
enemy to justify it. It hardly seems creditable that this command should have exhausted its ammunition so soon; but if so, it is no sufficient reason for a brigade commander to retire from the field without orders. If the command was so withdrawn, charges will be preferred against this officer, if it shall appear that he retired his brigade in the face of the enemy, without orders or without being driven back by the enemy. This report to be returned.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. FOURTH REGIMENT MARYLAND VOL. INFTY.,March 16, 1865.

Major W. W. SWAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Fifth Corps:

MAJOR: In obedience to indorsement I have the honor to report that when the Second Brigade (under my command February 6) was withdrawn from the field there were none of our troops on either of its flanks, and that it was driven back by the superior force of the enemy.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD N. BOWERMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Regiment Maryland Vol. Infty.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., FIFTH CORPS,February 13, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor, in connection with my report of the 12th instant, to mention the gallant conduct of the brigade staff-Captain Josiah Bankerd, Fourth Maryland, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain Fred. W. Simon, Eighth Maryland, acting inspector-general; Captain Jessee D. Childs, First Maryland, acting aide-de-camp; also, Major Harrison Adreon, commanding Fourth Regiment Maryland Infantry, and Major Edward M. Mobley, Seventh Regiment Maryland Infantry. Their conduct was of the most meritorious character and deserving of all praise.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. N. BOWERMAN,

Colonel Fourth Regiment Maryland Vol. Infty., Commanding Brigade.

Major W. W. SWAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Fifth Army Corps.

No. 108. Report of Bvt. Brigadier General James Gwyn, One hundred and eighteenth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations February 5-7.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,February 14, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations during the 5th, 6th, and 7th instant:

At 6.30 o'clock on the morning of the 5th of February my command moved, in accordance with circular from corps headquarters, of the 4th instant, left in front, in the following order: First, Two hundred and

