
tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel William Sergeant commanding; second, Third Delaware Volunteers, Major James E. Baily commanding; third, One hundred and ninety-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, Captain P. L. Norton, commanding; fourth, ONe hundred and ninetieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Captain R. M. Birkman commanding; fifth, One hundred and fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, Bvt. Major D. H. Kent commanding. The route was along the Halifax road, my brigade being in the advance. The cavalry being unable to overcome the opposition made by the enemy at Rowanty Creek, the One hundred and ninetieth and One hundred and ninety-first Pennsylvania Volunteers were advanced as skirmishers, supported by Fourth Delaware Volunteers, and ordered to take the works beyond the creek. The other regiments of brigade were also brought up. But few men could get across, as the bridge was destroyed. These few, however, succeeded in dislodging the enemy and capturing a few prisoners. After a short delay, to cover the crossing of remainder of division, the brigade again advanced some three or four miles and took up position before dark on the left of Second Brigade. The march was again resumed at 11 o'clock, and continued until reaching the crossing of Vaughan road at Harcher's Run, when the brigade was massed in reserve. During morning of the 6th instant relieved General Winthrop's brigade in the works. In the afternoon moved right in front, following the Second Brigade to the right and in front of the works occupied by the First Division. Then, forming in two lines, moved by the right flank through the woods till the Second Brigade had gained position.* While waiting the order to advance the left of brigade was broken by the stampede of a portion of General Gregg's cavalry, but was afterward rallied and placed in position on left of Second Brigade. I advanced the brigade and engaged the enemy for about two hours; not being supported on either my right or left flank I returned to crest of hill in front of breast-work.

Tuesday, 7th instant, reoccupied the line of works on left of Second Division.

I herewith transmit nominal and tabular list of casualties during the engagement.+

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES GWYN,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Bvt. Major W. W. SWAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,February 18, 1865.

Respectfully returned.

The major-general commanding desires to know whether this brigade retired (when, as is stated within, it was not supported on either its right of left flank) by orders from its division commander, and whether any of our troops were on its right or left flank, and further, whether, the enemy assailed on either of its flanks, rendering its position untenable. The major-general commanding the corps wishes to secure his troops from charges thus made in official reports by one part of his

---------------

*The following portion of this report was subsequently amended. See p.285.

+Embodied in table, p.66.

---------------

