
command against another, and therefore makes these inquiries so that the report may be made more specific in its allegations against those who left this brigade unsupported. It is his present opinion the brigade left the front without orders and without encountering a sufficient force of the enemy to justify it. This report to be returned.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS,March 15, 1865.

Bvt. Colonel FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit herewith my report of transactions, dated the 14th of February, together with an amended report, which I request to substitute for it. In explanation of this request I desire to say that when I made the first report I did not intend to charge dereliction of duty upon any troops when I said that I was "not supported on either my right or left flank," but deemed my position in that respect then, as I do now, as the direct result of the confusion caused by the cavalry breaking through a portion of my brigade. I was not conscious of using language which would bear such construction, but see now, the report having been returned to me, that such construction can be placed upon it. In the report which I desire now to send, I have avoided language which makes any charge by implication upon other troops than my own, and have endeavored to be more explicit throughout. In case my request may be granted, I have the honor further to request that the first report may be returned to me. I trust that the amended report will be deemed a satisfactory reply to the inquiries in the indorsement of the commanding general, dated the 18th of February.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES GWYN,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

[Inclosure.*]

The order was then given to move by the left flank to the front, and the movement had commenced, when the brigade was broken by the stampede of a portion of our cavalry, which came back directly through it and caused it to divide, and threw it into such confusion for a few minutes that the brigade never again, through the day, became thoroughly united. A large portion of the brigade was rallied, and I advanced with it a considerable distance to the front engaging the enemy for about two hours. At the expiration of this time, finding that my course had been different from that of the troops on my right, and that consequently I was without support upon either flank, and that the enemy's fire had ceased in my front and was becoming quite brisk upon both flanks, I considered the position untenable by the troops of my command and retired to the crest of the hill in front of the breast-works.

---------------

*So much of this report as corresponds with that on p.284 is here omitted.

---------------

