
ADDENDA.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS,February 17, 1865.

Bvt. Major W. W. SWAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to forward the following names of officers of my command who, under my personal observation, especially distinguished themselves in the engagements of Rowanty Creek and Hatcher's Run on the 5th and 6th instant:

Colonel William Sergeant, commanding Two hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Adjt. Morris Shlesinger, Two hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Bvt. Major D. H. Kenty, commanding Fourth Delaware Volunteers; Adjt. William H. Cloward, Fourth Delaware Volunteers; Captain R. M. Birkman, commanding One hundred and ninetieth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Captain P. L. Norton, commanding One hundred and ninety-first Pennsylvania Volunteers; Captain J. W. Scott, commanding One hundred and fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers; Captain D. D. Joseph, Third Delaware Volunteers. I have also the honor to refer to the gallant behavior of the following members of my staff: Bvt. Captain H. Gawthrop, Fourth Delaware Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general; Bvt. Captain Charles H. Hand, One hundred and eighteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, aide-de-camp; Bvt. Captain John L. Benzon, One hundred and ninety-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant Pierce Neals, Fourth Delaware Volunteers, pioneer officer; Bvt. Major Thomas E. Carter, One hundred and fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, brigade inspector.

These officers I cannot too highly praise for their coolness, courage, and gallantry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES GWYN,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

No. 109. Report of Bvt. Brigadier General Henry A. Morrow, Twenty-fourth Michigan Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, Third Division, of operations February 5-6.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS,February 9, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Third Brigade in the late operations of the army on the left, near Dabney's Mill:

The brigade was composed of the following regiments: Fifty-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel J. T. Jack, 9 officers and 155 men; One hundred and twenty-first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Major West Funk, 5 officers and 82 men; One hundred and forty-second Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel H. N. Warren, 8 officers and 135 men; Ninety-fourth New York Volunteers, Captain George French, 9 officers and 212 men; Ninety-fifth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel James Creney, 6 officers and 247 men; One hundred and forty-seventh New York Volunteers, Captain James Coey, 15 officers and 249 men. The One hundred and seventh Pennsylvania

