
exposure on the part of officers to keep the men up to the work. At this time the following regimental officers particularly distinguished themselves: Lieutenant Colonel James Creney, Ninety-fifth New York Volunteers; Major West Funk, One hundred and twenty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers; Captain Coey,* One hundred and forty-seventh New York Volunteers, and Captain Bush, Ninety-fifth New York Volunteers. Colonel Creney and Major West Funk seized the colors of their regiments, and rushing to the front, by both word and gesture, urged their men to advance. Captain Coey repeatedly exposed himself in front of his men, attempting in every possible way to keep his command up to their duty. Indeed, I must say the conduct of Colonel Creney, Major Funk, Captain Coey and Bush was of the most daring and inspiring character and deserving of every praise. Colonel Creney, Major Funk, and Captain Coey were each severely wounded. Captain French, Ninety-fourth New York Volunteers, exhibited much coolness throughout the engagement. About 5 o'clock I received a wound in my right side from a musket-ball, and was forced to leave the field, not, however, until I had formally turned over the command to Colonel McCoy, of the One hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, and delivered to him the brigade colors, which I happened to hold in my hand at the moment, and which he brought safely back from the field.

Great praise is due to each of the regimental commanders and their officers and men for their gallantry in this engagement. The conduct of officers whom I especially named came under my own observation, and for this reason is prominently noticed in this report. Others may have done as well, though I did not see them.

My thanks are due to the officers of my staff for their prompt, efficient, and gallant assistance rendered throughout the engagement.

Captain Harrison Lambin, assistant adjutant-general, deserved special mention for his gallant conduct; he was cool, methodical, and daring, and everywhere on his horse, which was twice wounded, urging forward the troops and inspiring them by his own example.

Lieutenant Richard Esmond, acting aide-de-camp, exhibited much courage and coolness under fire; he was conspicuous everywhere on the field for his daring.

Captain D. J. Dickson, brigade inspector, rendered gallant service. Captain E. B. Cochrane is deserving more than a passing notice, not only for his conduct during the engagement, but from the fact that his term of service had expired before the troops left camp, but he volunteered to serve with me as in aide. He had his horse shot under him early in the engagement; such devotion is worthy of special mention. Captain H. R. Whiting and Lieutenant George W. Chilson, of the Twenty-fourth Michigan Volunteers, were volunteer aides, and deserve credit for their coolness and the efficient manner in which they discharged their duties.

This report would be imperfect did it fail to notice the gallant conduct of Orderlies James Titus, Ninety-fifth New York Volunteers, Eldridge T. Rogers, One hundred and forty-seventh New York Volunteers, and George H. Hardman, One hundred and forty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, each of whom displayed courage worthy of officers far above them in rank.

The following-named officers and enlisted men have been particularly mentioned for gallantry by their respective regimental commanders: Lieutenant Alba A. Johnson, Ninety-fourth New York Volunteers, for coolness and bravery; Sergt. Major William Shields, One hundred and forty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, who was severely wounded, for distinguished

---------------

*Awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

