
gallantry; Corpl. James X. Walter, One hundred and forty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, promoted to sergeant on the battle-field for bravery in grasping and carrying the colors after the sergeant and two corporals had been wounded; Sergt. Major William Boyce, Color-Sergt. Patrick Cashman, Sergt. Peter Fannon, Sergt. John A. McDonald, Sergt. John S. McCoy, Corpl. Volney Russell, Private William Wilson, and Corpl. Patrick Cunningham, all of One hundred and forty-seventh New York Volunteers, volunteered their services to follow Lieutenant Esmond with the brigade colors to the front of the line. Sergeant Fannon was severely wounded, and Private Wilson killed.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. A. MORROW,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

Major E. C. BAIRD,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Div., Fifth Army Corps.

No. 110. Report of Colonel Thomas F. McCoy, One hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations February 6-9.
HDQRS. 107TH PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,February 12, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Third Brigade in the late engagement, while temporarily under my command:

I was in command of my regiment in the battle of the 6th instant up to the time of the second advance of the brigade across the orchard near Dabney's Mill. This was at the period of the hottest part of the engagement, and when Brevet Brigadier-General Morrow, commanding the brigade, was wounded. Fortunately, being near where the general partially fell from his horse from the stunning effect of his wound, he immediately addressed me, stating that he was wounded, turned over the command to me as the next ranking officer, and placed in my hands the brigade flag, which he had been carrying through the most dangerous part of the engagement. At this time the enemy was making a most vigorous onset upon our lines. Their advancing columns were approaching and putting into our lines a most destructive fire. A great many brave officers and men had been killed and wounded. The battle swayed to and for again and again, and had been contested with the greatest tenacity. Ammunition that was expected did not arrive to replenish our cartridge-boxes. No supporting column came as was expected and longer for. The enemy had artillery and were using it effectively. We had no artillery in the engagement. It was now nearly night. The line on our left had already fallen back. Our forces that were still on the advance line were battling with great courage, but were rapidly dwindling before a more vigorous and increasing volume of fire. The enemy had, as their fire indicated and as has since been clearly authentical, large re-enforcements, and were before us in overwhelming numbers. It was time to retire if we would save our brave men now contending without any fair prospects of success. The movement was therefore made as quickly and rapidly as possible to obtain the cover of our works, where the brigade was reformed in the early part of the night and rested on its arms, ready for the arduous duties of the coming day.

During the night a fresh supply of ammunition was received. On the morning of the 7th instant I found myself in command of the following

19 R R-VOL XLVI, PT I

