
regiments: Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Jack; One hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, Major H. J. Sheafer; One hundred and twenty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant R. S. Shute; One hundred and forty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel H. N. Warren; Ninety-fourth New York Volunteers, Captain George French; Ninety-fifth New York Volunteers, Captain A. McC. Bush, One hundred and forty-seventh New York Volunteers, Captain John McKinlock. The largest of these regiments did not exceed 260 muskets, and several of them had less than 100. The troops passed a very uncomfortable night, and this morning it began to hail and rain and continued throughout the day, making it a day of extreme hardships upon the soldiers. Early in the day the movement against the enemy commenced. The movement was against the same position of the enemy as yesterday, at Dabney's Mill, but the approach was made from the direction of Hatcher's Run from near the point of Armstrong's Mill. The Second Brigade (Baxter's) led the column, the Third Brigade in support of the First Brigade on the left flank and in reserve. The Second Brigade soon drove the enemy from their first line of rifle-pits. The Third Brigade occupied the position at once, and under the instructions of Brevet Major-General Crawford breast-works were thrown up in this line. While engaged in this we were exposed to the enemy's artillery, and to an attack on the right of the brigade near the run, indicating a design to turn our flank at that point. In order to guard that flank until other troops could be obtained Captain Lambdin, assistant adjutant-general, very opportunely had a force of skirmishers deployed. They were soon attacked, and partly driven back. I then reported the condition of affairs to the general commanding division, and requested that additional troops should be ordered there, which was promptly done, a part of General Bragg's (First) brigade, in command of the general himself, was soon in position, which afforded perfect security to that flank. At this time it was ordered by the general commanding the division to send a regiment of my command to the support of the Second Brigade on the skirmish front. I immediately ordered the Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers to report to Brigadier-General Baxter, under whose command they did good service the balance of the day.

The battle continued, Baxter again advancing and the enemy retiring to their works and artillery, which were but a few hundred yards in our front. Later in the day, about 4.30 o'clock, the remaining part of the First Brigade (Bragg's), on the left of my command, was transferred to the right, and in order to afford sufficient space for them in the works the Third Brigade was marched by the left flank several hundred yards, the left thrown back, forming almost a semi-circle, and resting on a swamp, beyond which there was a constant firing from the enemy's skirmishers. As soon as this movement was accomplished I was directed to form a line of battle, with the First Brigade on my right, in front of the works, with a view of making another advance, and if possible carrying the enemy's works, a part of the Sixth Corps coming up to occupy the works we were about to evacuate. It was now late in the evening. My command was formed in line on the left of the First Brigade, the left wing, however, being retired, and under instructions from the general commanding division this part of my command was to be brought around upon the line as the movement progressed. This was accomplished at a run, and just before the enemy opened with canister upon the advancing column. Part of the line under this artillery fire gave way and retired to the works in their rear before they could be rallied. That part of the line under Major H. J.

