
Sheafer, and several other officers whose names I have not been able to obtain, held nearly all the ground gained, and the line being reformed at this advanced point, another line of breast works were thrown up, by direction of the division commander. It was now 10 p.m. The enemy's line and our own were now quite close, but only occasional firing occurred when the pickets were in close proximity. All these operations took place in a pine wood, and during a heavy sleet and rain, the ground being covered with ice and water. Officers and men were greatly exhausted. The lines had been thinned to some extent by straggling to the rear. At 11.30 o'clock I received orders to have my command in readiness to move within an hour. At about 1 o'clock my command, with other troops of the division, were relieved and withdrawn to near the bridge on the east side of Hatcher's Run, where we remained until the afternoon of the 8th, when the brigade was ordered to form a picket-line from the run eastward to connect with the cavalry at the Halifax road, at the junction near Reams' Station. This was accomplished before dark of the same evening.

On the morning of the 9th, Brevet Brigadier-General Hofmann having returned from his leave of absence, I was relieved from the command of the brigade and again assumed the command of my regiment.

I cannot close this report without expressing my high appreciation of the services and gallant conduct of Captain Harrison Lambdin, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Richard Esmond, acting aide-de-camp. Their courage, activity, and efficiency excited my admiration. I would also in this connection add the names of Captain D. J. Dickson, the brigade inspector, and Lieutenant George W. Chilson, acting aide-de-camp, as worthy of commendation for their courage and intelligent discharge of duty. I feel pleasure in acknowledging my indebtedness to these very worthy officers for the important aid rendered me during the brief but important period I had the honor of commanding the Third Brigade.

Not having received the reports of the regimental commanders, I cannot speak of the many officers and non-commissioned officers whose gallantry entitle them to honorable mention. Officers and men fought bravely and well, and certainly merited greater success than it was their fortune to obtain. For particulars I would refer the general commanding the division to the reports of regimental commanders, which will be, if not already, forwarded by Brevet Brigadier-General Morrow, whose duty it is to not all individual acts of gallantry.

The list of casualties will also accompany these reports.

T. F. McCOY,

Colonel 107th Pennsylvania Vet. Vols., Commanding Third Brigade.

Major E. C. BAIRD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 111. Report of Captain Aaron Bright, jr., Eighty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry,* of operations February 5-10.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-EIGHTH PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLS.,February 14, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by this regiment during the movement upon the enemy, viz:

We moved from our camp on Jerusalem plank road on February 5, 1865, and at 6 p.m. arrived two miles to the left of Hatcher's Run; we

---------------

*Of the Second Brigade, Third Division.

---------------

