
formed line of battle and remained over night. Morning of February 6 marched at 4 o'clock, and crossed Hatcher's Run and laid in open field until 3 p.m. We recrossed Hatcher's Run, and moved in toward Dabney's Mill; formed line of battle and charged the enemy twice; gained and lost ground. We were fired into from the rear by Sixth Army Corps. We withdrew and lay over night. Morning, February 7, moved to the right, advanced and drove the enemy out of his first line of pits; we then formed heavy skirmish line and charged the enemy's main works twice, and were repulsed each time with heavy loss to regiment. We were then relieved by a part of Sixth Army Corps; we formed on their right and threw up works. February 8, 1865, moved out, recrossed Hatcher's Run, and lay over night. February 9, relieved the One hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, of Third Brigade, on picket; remained on picket until 10th; we were relieved by a detachment from several regiments; we then marched to old camp on Jerusalem plank road.

The officers and men behaved nobly throughout the entire move, and in one or two instances deserve special mention. First Sergt. William Sands,* Company G; Color-Sergt. D. Devine, Company K, both displayed bravery unequaled throughout any engagement we were ever in.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AARON BRIGHT, Jr.,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant LEAVITT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 112. Report of Colonel Thomas F. McCoy, One hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations February 5-6.
HDQRS. 107TH PENNSYLVANIA VOL. INFANTRY,THIRD BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

Camp near Hatcher's Run, Va., February 11, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular of 10th instant, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my regiment in the late movements:

On the morning of the 5th instant, when about to march with the Second Brigade, to which my regiment belonged, I received an order from the brevet major-general commanding the division to report to Brevet Brigadier-General Morrow, temporarily commanding Third (Hofmann's) Brigade, to which command I was conducted by Captain Cochrane, of the staff, when it was then massed in front of corps headquarters. The column was soon on the march, heading in the direction of the Yellow House and Halifax road, and upon reaching followed that road and the Weldon railroad, which run parallel and near together, south in the direction of Reams' Station. When within a mile of the latter point the column moved on the road leading westward, and by a circuitous route in the direction of the Boydton plank road. When near that road, having crossed Rowanty Creek several miles south of where the Vaughan road crosses Hatcher's Run, the corps having formed connection with the Second Corps extended along that road, went into camp for the night. There was but little skirmishing during the day, the column having encountered nothing but a few pickets of the enemy.

---------------

*Awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

