
While preparing for our bivouac by collecting wood and making fires, the night being very cold and the men weary after the long march of the day, the brigade was again put on the march and returned to the rear of the corps, and bivouacked at the junction of the Vaughan road and the road upon which we had advanced.

On the morning of the 6th we, with the whole corps, were on the march, at 4 o'clock, on the Vaughan road in the direction of Hatcher's Run, near the Armstrong Mill, some three miles distant, and arrived soon after daylight at the point from which the Second Corps had driven the enemy. Here the three divisions composing the corps were concentrated with Gregg's cavalry. It was reported during the forenoon that the enemy was demonstrating in our front. At about 2 p.m. our division received orders to move. We crossed to the west side of the run, the First Brigade leading, ours next, with the Second following, the One hundred and seventh being second in line. After crossing, the head of the column turned toward Dabney's Mill, about a mile distant. The ground in the direction of the enemy, who was posted in force at this point, was rolling and principally covered with a heavy growth of wood, part of it with thick underbrush, a swamp, and several old fields. The lines were soon formed, the First Brigade in advance, ours (the Third) following in support, the Second having deployed to the left. The battle soon began. The enemy's skirmishers were driven in and their first line of rifle-pits taken. The advance was continued, our part of the line in the woods, until we came to an opening of perhaps 150 yards, and just as we reached this point the first line was rapidly retiring under a charge from the enemy and rushed into our line. Under the trying circumstances we had great difficulty in preserving our line, but did succeed in so doing and in pouring a heavy fir into the advancing column of the enemy, causing him to stop at the opposite margin of the field. Our brigade, now becoming the front line, with a cheer charged across the field and into the opposite woods, driving him in turn through this woods into his fortifications at or near the Dabney Mill. Forming our line along the margin of this opening, the fight was continued with great tenacity, and evidently with considerable loss on both sides. It was here that the enemy brought artillery to bear upon our line, partly enfilading it. We brought no artillery into the action. Ammunition was nearly exhausted as the day advanced, in being nearly dark. The enemy's fire was growing more destructive, and their lines of battle were advancing, evidently being strongly re-enforced. At this time part of our line gave way on the left of our brigade, which had the effect of causing part of ours to retire. Many of these were rallied again and brought back to the line.

At this period of the engagement Brevet Brigadier-General Morrow, commanding the brigade, who had been displaying the greatest gallantry during the action, was struck from his force by a rifle-ball piercing his body, and was compelled to leave the field. As he fell from his horse, being near him, he turned over the command and the brigade flag, which he had been carrying through the thickest of the fight, to me, and I immediately relinquished the command of my regiment to Major H. J. Sheafer, and proceeded to the performance of the duties imposed by the exigency to the best of my ability. No ammunition and no supporting column arriving, it was now evident that our troops must retire to their original line,and this they did just in time to preserve themselves from utter destruction, as it has since been ascertained that the enemy in our front was in overwhelming force.

