
I must express myself as highly gratified with the gallant conduct of my regiment in the afternoon's contest. I had in my command about 275 muskets; three-fourths of these men were now under fire for the first time. Many of these men fought with uncommon courage. Nearly one-fourth of the number engaged were killed or wounded. I am pleased to have it in my power to name the following officers as having conducted themselves with a high degree of courage: Major H. J. Sheafer; Captain Theo. K. Scheffer, wounded slightly, Company A; Lieutenant Oliver P. Stair, commanding Company D; Lieutenant John F. Williams, commanding Company F; Lieutenant H. H. Hutton, commanding Company K; Lieutenant J. B. S. Venai, commanding Company G; Lieutenant Aaron Treher, commanding Company B, wounded. I would also name the following sergeants who have been named to me as having displayed commendable courage: First Sergt. John A. Tompkins, Company F; Sergt. Isaac S. Dissinger, commanding Company I; Sergt. John Delany, Company I; First Sergt. Michael J. Hawley, commanding Company C; First Sergt. William C. Beck, commanding Company H; First Sergt. Martin V. Cochran, wounded, commanding Company E; First Sergt. Edwin S. Wilcox, wounded, Company G; Sergt. Francis J. Swoyer, color bearer, Company C; and Sergt. Major Lord B. Green. I have also to commend the courage of Asst. Surg. R. S. Dana, who was in the thickest of the fight attending to the wounded.

As soon as the battle commenced Chaplain W. T. Campbell repaired to the division hospital and rendered excellent service. I would respectfully bring to the notice of the commanding general the name of Private John M. Duff, of Company B, who having been captured in consequence of having fallen in crossing a ditch in retiring from the field, but who, upon being required to take off his accouterments and surrender his gun, embraced a favorable opportunity, shot down his captor, and made good his escape. He is an intelligent, brave boy of about sixteen years, and this was his first battle. I feel it a duty in closing this report to express my appreciation of the efficiency and high degree of courage exhibited by my adjutant, James B. Thomas, who was slightly wounded in the action and had his clothing in several places cut with balls. He, in charge of a part of the regiment retiring by the right and closely pursued by the enemy, took advantage of a rifle-pit near the run and fired with good effect their last remaining cartridges.

Attached will be found a list of the casualties.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

T. F. McCOY,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain HARRISON LAMBDIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

No. 113. Report of Major Henry J. Sheafer, One hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations February 6-9.
HEADQUARTERS 107TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,February 12, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the evening of February 6 I took command of the One hundred and seventh Pennsylvania

---------------

*Embodied in table, p.67.

---------------

