
Volunteers, the regiment at that time forming part of the Third Brigade, Third Division, Fifth Army Corps. We bivouacked for the night on the south side of Hatcher's Run, near the bridge. The regiment lay here until 11 a.m. on the morning of the 7th and then marched up the stream about three-quarters of a mile, and then formed part of the brigade line of battle and advanced in support of Baxter's brigade, who was skirmishing the enemy in front. We advanced in support of this brigade, entering the woods and taking possession of the unfinished rebel works captured in Baxter's advance. Here we halted, and, felling trees, threw up additional works and slashed the timber in front. While here the enemy threw shells, but they all passed over, doing us no injury. About 4.30 p.m. we were marched to the left by the flank about half a mile (troops of the Sixth Corps occupying the works we left). I then received orders to cross the breast-works and advanced in line with the brigade. I also received instructions that the guide would be right. We had not advanced far until I found the regiments on my left had great difficulty in keeping up with the line, on account of the guide being right; it required nearly a right half wheel to do so. A charge being ordered, I advanced the regiment under fire until within a very short distance of the rebel works, but before penetrating that far the troops on my right and left gave way, falling back to the breast-works which we had crossed, part of my own regiment falling back with them; but with the colors of the regiment, the three commissioned officers I had with me, and about one-half of my men, we fell back about 100 yards, halted, and reformed my line, the enemy making no attempt at an advance. After dark the regiments composing the brigade returned and took position on my right and left. A short time after we were marched by the flank to the right, making connection with the left of General Bragg's brigade, and were ordered to build breast-works.

About 1 o'clock on the morning of the 8th we were marched to the rear, crossing Hatcher's Run, and bivouacked in the field on the north side of the run. On the afternoon of the 9th I was relieved of the command of the regiment by the return of Colonel McCoy. Lieutenant John F. Williams was injured by a fall in the charge. I had 1 man killed and 6 wounded.

The three commissioned officers with me, viz: First Lieutenant O. P. Stair, Company A; First Lieutenant John F. Williams, Company F, and Second Lieutenant H. H. Hutton, behaved with great gallantry. Sergts. John Delany, John A. Tompkins, William C. Beck, and Michael J. Hawley, behaved very bravely and rendered a great deal of assistance. Sergt. F. J. Swoyer, color bearer of the regiment, behaved with his usual courage until compelled to relinquish the same, being wounded in the hand.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. J. SHEAFER,

Major One hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain HARRISON LAMBDIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, Third Div., Fifth Army Corps.

P. S.-For names of wounded, see list of casualties accompanying report of Colonel McCoy.*

---------------

*Embodied in table, p.67.

---------------

