
No. 114. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Horatio N. Warren, One hundred and forty-second Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations February 5-10.
HDQRS. 142nd REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,February 11, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my command in the recent operations near Hatcher's Run:

Left camp February 5, 1865, at 6 a.m.; marched to and crossed Hatcher's Run about 2 p.m.; marched to telegraph road, halted and threw out pickets; expected to stay for the night; received orders to march in retreat at about 9 p.m that night; marched about two miles and massed in an open field, where we remained until about 5 p.m. [a.m.], then marched down the Vaughan road; massed in an open field on east bank of Hatcher's Run.

About 1 p.m. February 6, recrossed the run and advanced by the right flank to protect the left flank of General Bragg's brigade, which advanced in line of battle. Proceeded about one mile, driving the enemy's skirmishers; arrived at an open field near some house, when General Bragg's brigade changed front to the left. By order of General Crawford I formed my regiment on the left of his brigade, General Baxter's brigade coming up and forming on my left. We then advanced and engaged the enemy. We fought on this ground until about 5 p.m., when our ammunition was exhausted and we were forced to fall back, the enemy following closely. We retired inside of some temporary works erected near the run, where we reformed and remained until next day, February 7, at 9 a.m., when we moved up the run. Advanced in line in rear of General Baxter's brigade until we reached a temporary line of rebel works, which we turned and strengthened. Our right being exposed I threw out a few skirmishers to form a line to Hatcher's Run. At about 5 p.m. we were moved forward and soon encountered the enemy in works with artillery; we charged and attempted to carry the works but failed; then formed a line about 300 yards from their works and commenced throwing up a line of breast-works, which we had partially completed when we were ordered to march and returned to east bank of Hatcher's Run, where we were massed 4 a.m. February 8.

About 4 p.m. on the 8th went on picket and remained until 3 p.m. on the 9th, when we were withdrawn, and threw up a line of breast-works on the north side of the Vaughan road. February 10, started out at 6 a.m. and helped finish a piece of corduroy road. At 4 p.m. started for our old camp and arrived about 7 p.m.

Loss in the engagement was 3 killed, 25 wounded, and 1 missing.

For distinguished gallantry I have the honor to name Sergt. Major William Shields, who was severely wounded near the close of the action on the 6th; Corpl. James X. Walter, whom I promoted to sergeant on the battle-field for his bravery in grasping the colors and carrying them with perfect coolness after on sergeant and two color corporals had been wounded.

Respectfully submitted.

H. N. WARREN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain HARRISON LAMBDIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

