
No. 115. Report of Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel Robert H. Fitzhugh, First New York Light Artillery, commanding Artillery Brigade, of operations February 5-7.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, FIFTH ARMY CORPS,February 14, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the batteries under my command-D, First New York Artillery, Captain James B. Hazelton; L, First New York Artillery, Bvt. Major George Breck; Ninth Massachusetts Battery, First Lieutenant George W. Foster-in the late operations near Hatcher's Run.

The batteries moved with the Fifth Corps from the camp near the Jerusalem plank road February 5, 6 a.m., and after crossing Hatcher's Run the same afternoon on the Dinwiddie road, went into camp at 6 p.m. about a mile and a half beyond the junction of the Vaughan and Dinwiddie roads. At 10 p.m. the batteries broke camp and moved with the corps to Hatcher's Run at the Vaughan road crossing, reaching that point about 4 a.m. February 6.

In the fighting of that day near this point the batteries took no part, the ground occupied by the corps toward Dabney's Mill being too densely wooded to admit of the use of artillery. During the attack on the cavalry and on the brigades of Generals Winthrop and Sickel, on the left, Battery D, First New York Artillery, Captain J. B. Hazelton commanding, was sent to that point, but before its arrival the enemy were repulsed. Not a shot was fired by either of the batteries during the whole movement, except that by direction of Major-General Warren, about 4 p.m., February 7, Bvt. Major George Breck, commanding Battery L, First New York Artillery, fired half a dozen shots toward a supposed position of the enemy near Dabney's Mill, with what effect not known.

The batteries remained near the Vaughan road crossing until 10 a.m. February 11, when, being relieved by Batteries B, C, and E, First New York Artillery, they returned to the old camp near the Jerusalem plank road.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. FITZHUGH,

Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Volunteers.

Lieutenant FORD. MORRIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 116. Report of Bvt. Major General Frank Wheaton, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, Sixth Army Corps, of operations February 5-8.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,February 14, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that at 8 p.m. of the 5th instant I received orders from the corps commander to move to Hatcher's Run with my division and report to General Humphreys, commanding Second Corps. While en route and near Fort Siebert a staff officer of General Humphreys brought me orders to form on and covering the Squirrel

