
Level road, on the right of a division of the Ninth Corps just going into position. A short time after the leading brigade arrived upon the ground we were to occupy, the right of the Ninth Corps was fixed, and this division line was then formed as follows: Third Brigade, Bvt. Brigadier General Joseph E. Hamblin, on the left, one regiment in reserve; the First Brigade, Lieutenant Colonel E. L. Campbell commanding, on its right in one line, reaching nearly to the abatis at Fort Cummings, and the Second Brigade (Mackenzie's), commanded by Colonel James Hubbard, Second Connecticut Volunteer Heavy Artillery, in reserve, and in rear of the left of the line, which was near the Claypole house. The front was at once entrenched as ordered, and the troops held ready to meet an attack which was anticipated on our left. The troops were in position by 11.30 p.m., and two hours after an excellent rifle-pit had been constructed all along our front and slashing made across the two swamps through which our line ran. No attack was made by the enemy and nothing of interest transpired during the remainder of the night or morning of the next day, the 6th.

At 2.30 p.m. on the 6th General Humphreys directed me to move to the vicinity of the Cummings house on the Vaughan road, and hold my division in readiness to support a movement about to be made by General Warren's corps, the Fifth. The rear of the last brigade of this division had just reached the Cummings house when a staff officer from General Humphreys directed me to move down the Vaughan road, and to send a staff officer to General Warren to learn whether he wished the division massed on the east or west side of Hatcher's Run. From the sound of firing on the left I supposed General Warren's troops to be engaged, and ordering the division to follow quickly I went to GEneral Warren's headquarters in person to report and receive his instructions. General Warren was not at his headquarters, but I was directed by General Meade to move over Hatcher's Run, and be in position to support the Fifth Corps on the Vaughan road or elsewhere. Riding rapidly down the Vaughan road, I learned from Generals Gregg and Griffin that no re-enforcements were needed at that point of the line, and that they could hold their fronts without assistance. While receiving this information Major Fitzhugh, of General Warren's staff, who had just come from the right of the line, where the Third Division of that corps was engaged, informed me that re-enforcements were needed at that point. By this time the leading brigade had crossed Hatcher's Run, and, guided by a staff officer of General Warren, was being conducted through the entrenchments and on the road to Dabney's Mill. Leaving the assistant adjutant-general of the division to conduct it and follow me, I started ahead to learn the condition of affairs and where General Warren desired the division to form. Before leaving the head of the column the staff officer from General Warren but one brigade. Orders were then given for the other two to form in the entrenched line in our rear and there await further instructions.

When three-quarters of a mile from the run, at about 5.30 p.m., the stragglers from the Third Division, Fifth Corps, increased to such a number and the changes of the sounds of firing indicating to my mind some misfortune to that division, I immediately ordered the Second Brigade into line, which was but partially effected when the mass of the troops in front came rushing through the dense woods and quite over us, and it was with the greatest difficulty that the line could be formed, so obstructed was it by the fugitives, who were deaf to every entreaty

