
of myself and staff and refused to rally on the flanks or in support of the brigade there forming. Squads, companies, and regiments went rapidly to the rear despite our greatest efforts to halt them. During this confusion I was joined by General Warren, who informed me that the line in front had broken irreparably. Up to this time there had been only skirmish firing, and no firing from a line of battle of the enemy upon my Second Brigade. While preparing to throw out skirmishers to check his we received several volleys from a line of our own troops to our left rear, who, fortunately for us, fired too high.

Most of the casualties reported occurred at this time, and I was compelled to withdraw from the woods to an open field some 300 yards in rear, in order to secure a better position and to avoid being slaughtered by our own men, who, on account of the darkness, were unable to distinguish friend from foe. While we were being fired upon, Major R. P. Lincoln, the division inspector, had been dispatched to General Warren, who was close at hand, and informed him of our danger from his men, and through General Warren's exertions the firing was stopped. While moving to and reforming in the open field we were rapidly followed by the enemy's skirmishers, and on that account, together with the increasing darkness and general confusion, it was almost impossible to form any line at all, and I think our success in re-establishing the line was in a great degree attributable to the personal exertions of Colonel James Hubbard, Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery Volunteers, commanding Second Brigade, and Lieutenant Colonel E. Olcott, One hundred and twenty-first New York. Pearson's brigade, of Griffin's division, Fifth Corps, which joined us in the open field, was formed in excellent order on our left, and one of his Michigan regiments and the One hundred and twenty-first New York from the Second Brigade of this division were deployed as skirmishers and the security of the new line insured, General Warren expressing himself very much gratified with the conduct of the Second Brigade of this division and Colonel Pearson's brigade. About 10 p.m. General Winthrop with his brigade relieved the skirmishers in our front, and I was directed to withdraw my division to the east side of Hatcher's Run and mass in some convenient place. The Second Brigade, joined by the First and Third Brigades, which had been in reserve in the entrenchments in the rear, was marched across Hatcher's Run and went into bivouac near Cummings' house.

At 10 a.m. of the 7th I was directed by General Warren to mass a brigade in the open field, near his headquarters, east of Hatcher's Run. At 12 this same brigade (Third, General Hamblin) was ordered across to report to and support General Crawford. The Second Brigade, Colonel Hubbard, was then ordered to be massed in the field vacated by the Third, and at 1 p.m. it was ordered across the run and massed near the bridge to support the Third, if necessary. At 3 p.m. the First Brigade, Lieutenant-Colonel Campbell, was massed in the open field, east of the run, vacated by the Second. The Second and Third Brigades were used as supports by General Crawford, but were not engaged. At 12 p.m. orders to withdraw and rejoin the corps were received, and at 6 a.m. on the 8th the division reached its old camp on the right of the Sixth Corps, in the main line of works. The conduct of the division in this movement was most satisfactory in all respects. The Second Brigade was most actively employed and well commanded by Colonel James Hubbard, Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery Volunteers.

