
Before closing this report I desire to call the attention of the corps commander to the gallant bearing of Lieutenant Colonel E. Olcott, One hundred and twenty-first New York, who, on the evening of the 6th, under fire and during great confusion, took the colors of his regiment and leading them to the front did much to re-establish a line. This officers has commanded a regiment over a year; has been long commissioned as colonel, but cannot be mustered, as his regiment is small; has been recommended for the brevet of colonel for distinguished gallantry while commanding a brigade at the battle of Cedar Creek, and in consideration of his abilities and services I should be pleased to see in brevetted to a higher grade.

The following are the casualties during the period covered by the above report: 1 enlisted man killed, 21 wounded, and 5 missing; total, 27.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK WHEATON,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Captain C. H. WHITTESLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixth Army Corps.

No. 117. Report of Bvt. Brigadier General Joseph E. Hamblin, Sixty-fifth New York Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,March 27, 1865.

COLONEL: In reply to your note of the 26th instant I have to report that on Saturday the 25th instant, about 8 a.m., in compliance with verbal orders through First Lieutenant Cooke, aide-de-camp, this brigade was marched to the vicinity of headquarters of Major-General Parke, to support the Ninth Corps. The affair was over before our arrival. After about three hours' delay the brigade was marched back, and massed in reserve between Forts Wadsworth and Keene. Between 2 and 3 p.m. marched to the front of Fort Fisher, forming line there with Third [First] Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Colonel Warren, on left, and Third Brigade, First Division, on right, charged the enemy's skirmishers in front, carried their line of pits, and pressed on about one-quarter of a mile beyond to a house near their main works. Finding the brigade far in advance, without supports on either side and exposed to a sharp fire from the enemy on my right flank, rallied and withdrew to a crest about 300 yards beyond the enemy's old picket-line, connecting on either flank with the brigades above mentioned. Constructed pits for protection of pickets, detailed 175 men, properly officered, left behind as pickets, and at 1.30 a.m. of the 26th withdrew balance of command to camp, arriving at 2.30 a.m.

Our losses, amounting to sixty-four killed and wounded, have already been reported in detail. The brigade captured rather more than 200 prisoners. The advance was under a sharp fire from the enemy's sharpshooters on right flank, and heavy artillery practice from the enemy's batteries on our left, which completely enfiladed my line.

The command behaved admirably. Colonel James Hubbard, commanding Second Connecticut Volunteer Artillery; Major James W. Cronkite,

