
commanding One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers, who had a horse shot under him; Major John A. Ward, commanding Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, who also lost a horse, and Captain M. Devine, commanding Sixty-fifth New York Volunteers, led their men with great coolness and bravery. To Major A. H. Fenn, Captain James Deane, and Captain Charles H. Wood H. Woodman, of my staff, I am largely indebted. The gallant manner in which they performed the arduous duties of the day, and fearlessly exposed themselves to its many perils, entitles them to special consideration.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

JO. E. HAMBLIN,

Brevet Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE CLENDENIN, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division, Sixth Corps.

Numbers 118. Report of Colonel Oliver Edwards, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., SIXTH ARMY CORPS,March 26, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to return the following report of yesterday's (March 25) movements:

At 7 a.m. I received orders from the general commanding the division to get under arms, and move at once to support a part of the Ninth Corps on our right, whose lines had been broken by the enemy. I accordingly moved at once, marching four miles to our right, halting by your orders. I remained there about two hours, when I received orders from you to return to camp. Before reaching camp I received orders from you to go on and mass between Forts Wadsworth and Fisher, which we did, remaining there several hours, when I received orders from you to move to the left and to cover the right of the Second Brigade in an attack upon the enemy's skirmish works. Finding the ground in front of Hamblin's right a bad swamp, covered with heavy underbrush, entirely impassable for a line of battle, I moved by the left flank in two lines, covering Hamblin's right. On the inner edge of the swamp we found the enemy on Hamblin's flank, and quickly drove them out, capturing about 100 prisoners. I then changed front forward on my left regiments, continuing the line of the Second Brigade, using the Thirty-seventh Massachusetts to cover the right. In this position the enemy soon moved to my right and rear, which obliged me to refuse my right nearly at a right angle to Hamblin, with a strong skirmish line of six companies of the Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers and four companies of the Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers, under Lieutenant-Colonel Bull, Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers. The enemy attacked with a double skirmish line, but were handsomely repulsed by our skirmishers. After dark orders were received from you to intrench our picket-line, which was accomplished by 12.30 a.m., when the brigade returned to camp, leaving 250 men on the picket-line.

The brigade behaved entirely to my satisfaction, and I would particularly mention the Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers, Colonel T. S. Allen, and

