
directed by General Getty to carry the enemy's skirmish pits in our front. The line was formed in the following order from left to right: One hundred and second Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, First Maine Veteran Volunteers, Ninety-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, and about fifty of the One hundred and twenty-second New York Volunteers. The behavior of the troops was admirable. The pits and a crest about 300 yards beyond was carried, capturing many prisoners.

The following-named commissioned officers of the regiments displayed great personal gallantry in leading their respective commands: Bvt. Colonel John G. Parr, One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Bvt. Colonel James Patchell, One hundred and second Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel D. C. Keller, Ninety-third Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers (who was severely wounded), of the First Brigade, and Lieutenant Colonel S. C. Fletcher, First Maine Veteran Volunteers, and Major A. H. Clapp, One hundred and twenty-second New York Volunteers, of the Third Brigade. The Sixty-second New York Veteran Volunteers became detached from the brigade and did not participate in the charge. Captain Edward A. Todd, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain W. L. Pettit, acting assistant inspector-general; Lieuts. H. J. Nichols and B. F. Krieger, acting aides-de-camp, and Lieutenant Hugh McIlwain, pioneer officer, rendered excellent service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WARNER,

Eleventh Vermont Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Bvt. Colonel CHARLES MUNDEE.

Numbers 120. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John G. Parr, One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations March 25.
HEADQUARTERS 139TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,March 25, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with orders I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of the One hundred and thirty-ninth:

About daylight of the 25th I received orders to pack up and be ready to move at a moment's notice. Soon after another order came to fall in and move off, which was done, the regiment moving right in front in the direction of Fort Stedman, when we then moved by the left flank until we reached Fort Keene, where we were halted and remained until 2 p.m., when the brigade moved to the left of Fort Fisher, where we halted, my regiment being on the right and the One hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers on my left. At 3 p. m. according to orders, I followed the One hundred and second, and marched left in front, passing through the line of works, and advanced by the flank about 300 yards, and formed a line of battle connecting left with the One hundred and second, where we remained until 4 p.m. when we moved 500 or 600 yards to the right by the right flank, and again halted, resting my left near the white house, opposite Fort Fisher, where we soon after charged the enemy's picket-works, carrying them. My right connected with the First Maine Veteran Volunteers. The line, after a short rest, advanced to the crest of the hill;

