
ers out near the house. Afterward, finding that the enemy's sharpshooters were using the house for a protection, I sent men out with orders to burn it, which was immediately done.

Many prisoners came in through our lines as we were advancing, but having no men to spare to take charge of them, and knowing them to be going where there were plenty men to take charge of them, I felt no inclination to stop my men for that purpose.

I cannot close without reporting the conduct of both officers and men of the Second Vermont Regiment as being gallant, brave, and daring; in short, such as their previous history has been during the war. I cannot say too much in their praise.

The loss of the regiment was 2 men killed and 8 wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. TRACY,

Lieutenant -Colonel, commanding Second Vermont Volunteers.

Captain M. BARBER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 122. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Horace W. Floyd, Third Vermont Infantry, commanding Third and Fourth Vermont Infantry, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. THIRD AND FOURTH VERMONT VOLUNTEERS,March 28, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by my command during the engagement of the 25th instant:

In connection with the other regiments in the brigade my command was formed in line of battle in front of the breast-works and between Forts Welch and Fisher, as a support to the Second Brigade, Third Division, Sixth Corps, who were then in our front and in the works used by our pickets. My orders were as follows: That a signal for a movement was to be given and that the troops in our front would then move on the enemy's works, and I was to move forward and occupy the works vacated by them. The signal being given I ordered my command forward, and upon reaching the works where I was to halt I found the troops had not left, and, therefore, instead of halting I passed over them and reached the enemy's works in advance of any of the attacking party, capturing all the enemy's pickets in my front. I was well supported by the Eleventh Vermont, who reached the works nearly as soon as did my command. The troops that we passed came up soon after we had taken the line. I was relieved about dark by a regiment from the Third Division, and my command taken a short distance to the rear, where I remained as a support until 11 p.m., when I was ordered to camp.

The casualties were few in both regiments. The officers and men behaved admirably.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FLOYD,

Commanding Third and Fourth Vermont Volunteers.

Captain M. BARBER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

20 R R-VOL XLVI, PT I

