
Numbers 123. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Ronald A. Kennedy, Fifth Vermont Infantry, of operations March 25.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH VERMONT VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,March 27, 1865.

I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by the Fifth Regiment Vermont Veteran Volunteers on the 25th instant:

As the brigade was massed before the advance commenced the Fifth formed the left of the third line. The first advance was to the work occupied by the first line; the second was to the crest, out the left of the small work in which were the mortars. After lying here until 5 p.m. were ordered to move to the front and right of the house situated on the old picket-line to await further orders. In obedience to further orders the regiment returned to camp at 11 p.m.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. A. KENNEDY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fifth Vermont Veteran Volunteers.

Captain M. BARBER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 124. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Summer H, Lincoln, Sixth Vermont Infantry, of operations March 25.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH VERMONT VOLUNTEERS,March 28, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with circular from headquarters Vermont brigade, I have the honor to make the following report of the part performed by the Sixth Vermont Volunteers on the 25th instant:

The regiment, after being under arms for several hours, moved from the rear of the works in our immediate front, passing through the works at the left of Fort Fisher. After advancing by the flank about 100 yards I halted in a ravine and in rear of the Third and Fourth Regiments. I moved forward from this point on a double-quick, being at the left and on line with the Third and Fourth Regiments. We advanced with a good line 400 yards, and halted in rear of a line of earth-works. I received orders not to advance farther, and remained in that position until 5 p.m., when I was ordered to the right and front of the Boswell house, where I remained until ordered to camp. The regiment was under fire for at least five hours, yet we lost but one man wounded. Officers and men behaved with their usual gallantry.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant

S. H. LINCOLN,

Lieutenant-Colonel Sixth Vermont Volunteers.

Captain M. BARBER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

