
Numbers 125. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles Hunsdon, First Vermont Heavy Artillery, of operations March 25.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST VERMONT ARTILLERY,March 28, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the First Vermont Artillery in the engagement of March 25: The brigade was massed a little to the left and front of Fort Fisher, the Third Fourth, and Sixth Regiments in the front line. The Fifth Regiment was next in order, when I put my command in the column, but was moved out, leaving my regiment second, the second battalion in front, which, when the charge began, was moved by the left flank to uncover the first battalion. The regiment then moved forward to occupy the position of the Third, Fourth, and Sixth, as ordered. I was unable to halt the first battalion. The second battalion was ordered forward, and moved directly on the enemy's out-works, which was carried in good style. The first battalion became detached, and in connection with the Second Vermont charged over the works on the right of the brigade line and carried the crest by the house (now burned). The colors of the Second Vermont were planted just at the left end of the house; those of the first battalion on its right, both regiments occupying this position at the same time. Being under a galling fire of artillery and infantry, unsupported on the right and left (being the only troops that advanced thus far), Lieutenant-Colonel Tracy, the senior officer present, ordered the line to fall back to the works, which was done in good order and without loss, skirmishers being left in the advance pits commanding the house, and remained until the brigade was withdrawn from the line.

In conclusion, I cannot speak too highly of both officers and men of the regiment, who, with hardly an exception, performed their duty nobly.

Very respectfully submitted.

CHARLES HUNSDON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding First Vermont Artillery.

Captain M. BARBER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 126. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George B. Damon, Tenth Vermont Infantry, First Brigade, Third Division, of operations March 25.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH VERMONT VOLUNTEERS,April 1, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that at about 2 p.m. on the 25th of March ultimo, by direction of Brigadier-General Seymour, comming the division, I proceeded to the picket-line of the division in front of Forts Fisher and Welch, and relieved temporarily the division officer of the day, and assumed command of the picket-line for the purpose of making an attack upon the pickets of the enemy. Our picket-

