
formed line of battle. The line thus formed consisted of the One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, and the Sixth Maryland Volunteers. The signal to move forward was the waving of the brigade flag from the parapets of Fort Fisher. At the given signal the line moved forward, and, with a shout of victory, we entered and occupied the enemy's works, Color-Sergt. Robert Spence, Company B, being the first man in the works, and planted our starry banner thereon, shortly after which he was wounded in the neck by a bullet from the enemy, but I am hapy to say is doing well at present and is in a fair way to recover.

Great praise is due Majj. C. K. Prentiss for distinguished bravery on this occasion, he being one among the first officers to enter the enemy's works.

In this engagement we lost in killed one man (First Sergt. Michael Hallorn, Company E, a brave and meritorious soldier.) We lost in wounded four enlisted men.

I most respectfully call your attention to the following-named officers and soldiers who distinguished themselves for bravery on that occasion: Major C. K. Prentiss, First Lieutenant Samuel W. Angel, First Lieutenant Frederick K. Bryan, for being the first officers in the enemy's works. Color-Sergt. Robert Spence, Color-Corpl. William J. Brown, for planting the first colors on the enemy's works. Sergt. John E. Buffington, Company C; First Sergt. Whitfield Stansbury, Company C; Corpl. Jonas Frock, Company C, for dashing ahed of the line over the works and demanding the surrender of a number of rebels, and bringing them in as prisoners of wr. Sergt. Major Frederick Boltze, for encouraging and rallying the men. Private Elisha L. Kirk, Company B, for capturing and bring in a number of prisoners. Corpl. Christopher C. McCullough, Company B; Private Marion Gillespie, Company B; Corpl. Amos Davis, Company H; Private George Damuth, Company D; Private Cyrus P. Willhide, Company D, for volunteering to advance and occupy rebel sharpshooters' pits in our front, thereby preventing them from leaving their main line of works and forming a skirmish line in our front until after dark.

In conclusion, allow me to say that the Sixth Regiment Maryland Volunteers on that occasion acquitted herself with honor to her command, honor to her State and to her country at large.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. HILL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Sixth Regiment Maryland Volunteers.

Captain W. L. SHAW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 129. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James W. Snyder, Ninth New York Heavy Artillery, of operations March 25.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH NEW YORK ARTILLERY,April 16, 1865.

I have the honor to report the following to be the part taken by the Ninth New York Artillery in the assault upon the enemy's picket-line in front of Petersburg, March 25, 1865:

Two battalions of the regiment were sent into Fort Fisher to repel any attack in case we should be driven back to our main works. The other battalion was formed in line in rear of our picket-line. We

