
advanced in good order, under a heavy fire of musketry, to our picket-line, where we halted for about thirty minutes, when at a given signal we charged across a deep marsh or swamp. The battalion occupying the extreme left of the line, being some [what] farther from the enemy's line than the other portions of the line, did not reach it as soon as the other parts, but we were not far behind, capturing the rebel pickets in our front.

Sergt. Cornelius Flannery, Company I, particularly distinguished himself in the assault by his bravery; Capts. Chauncey Fish and Henry J. Rhodes (the latter having been wounded, but would not leave the field) deserve great credit for their gallantry, and for their exertions in urging the men forward to the assault.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. W. SNYDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. L. SHAW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 130. Report of Bvt. Colonel Otho H. Binkley, One hundred and tenth Ohio Infantry, of operations March 25.
HEADQUARTERS 110TH OHIO VOLUNTEERS,April 16, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and tenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the attack upon the enemy's picket-line, March 25, 1865:

On the 25th, at about 1 p.m., the picket-line in front of the Second Brigade, under the direction of Lieutenant-Colonel Damon, of the Tenth Vermont Volunteers, received orders to attack and carry the rebel picket-line in front. The One hundred and tenth and One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Regiments, under my command, were sent out as a support, with instructions that if the picket-line failed to take that of the enemy the two regiments should advance and take it. When the order was given for the picket-line to advance, only a portion of it went forward, and the line was not taken. I then ordered the two regiments forward on the double-quick with bayonets fixed, and would have carried the enemy's line, which was strongly fortified, but when we had gotten within about 150 yards of the works the shortness of our line exposed us to a severe flank fire, and we were compelled to fall back a few rods to a line of rifle-pits. Other troops of the brigade were then sent out by General Keifer and formed on our right and left, making the line much longer, which had the effect to draw the fire from our flanks. Another charge was then made under a destructive fire, and the enemy's lines taken, with nearly all their pickets, most of whom threw down their arms and surrendered. The One hundred and tenth Regiment in the assault had 4 enlisted men killed and 16 wounded.

Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Spangler was severely wounded through the thigh.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. H. BINKLEY,

Brevet Colonel 110th Ohio Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Captain WILLIAM L. SHAW,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., Sixth Army Corps.

