
Numbers 132. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas W. McKinnie, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Infantry, of operations March 25.
HEADQUARTERS 126TH OHIO VOLUNTEERS,April 17, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have respectfully to forward the following report of the part taken by my command in the assault of the enemy's picket-line on the 25th ultimo:

At daylight on the morning of the 25th ultimo the regiment was placed under arms in the trenches and remained thus until 12 m. The regiment, except two officers and 100 men left to garrison Fort Welch, was ordered through the works and passed to the reserve picket-line post, where it halted. About 1 p.m. orders were received to move out to the picket-line and take position on the left of the Sixth Maryland Volunteers, which was to precede this regiment in gaining this position. This was accomplished by moving by the flank to within 100 yards of the picket-line, coming to a front, and moving directly forward under a vigorous fire from the enemy's picket-line. After remaining in this position about half an hour, the assault, upon the signal being given, was made with great promptness. The regiment leaped over our intrenched picket-line and rushed upon the rebel line under a heavy line of musketry, capturing almost all of the enemy's pickets in our front. Our loss in this engagement was one enlisted man killed by one of our own shells and four enlisted men wounded. The behavior of the officers and men on this occasion could not have been better.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. McKINNIE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain WILLIAM L. SHAW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 133. Report of Major William G. Williams, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Infantry, commanding Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. SIXTY-SEVENTH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,April 16, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following statement of the part in which the Sixty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers was engaged on the 25th ultimo:

The regiment formed the line of battle about twenty-five yards in rear of the Sixth Maryland and One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, who formed the front line of battle. The regiment was ordered to charge the enemy's picket-line at the same time as the preceding regiments. It being the first time that the greater part of the regiment had ever been under fire, they were somewhat confused for a moment, as the enemy had a very strong picket-line and my regiment had to advance under a severe fire of musketry from the enemy.

Sergt. William A. Rager, of Company E, who carried the national colors, made himself conspicuous in this engagement; the flag-staff was

