
half shot off close to his left hand and twenty-two balls passed through the colors, but the sergeant planted his flag on the light works which the enemy had thrown up up quite as soon as color-sergeants of the regiments preceding him.

Out of 511 in this engagement the regiment lost 2 killed and 11 wounded.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. G. WILLIAMS,

Major 126 Ohio Vols., Commanding 67th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain W. L. SHAW,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 6th Army Corps.

Numbers 134. Reports of Major General John G. Parke, U. S. Army, commanding Ninth Army Corps, of operations February 5-7 and March 25.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,February 14, 1865.

COLONEL: In compliance with instructions from headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this corps during the movement of the 5th, 6th, and 7th instant:

At 1 o'clock on the morning of the 5th I received the circular order from headquarters of the army, directing me to hold my command "in readiness to move at short notice, anticipating that the movement to be ordered will consist of the withdrawal of all the troops, except the minimum number necessary to maintain the picket-line and the garrison of the works."

At this time our front extended from the Appomattox to Battery 24, and was held by the First and Second Divisions, with the Third Division in reserve. All the preparations were at once made for the movement. At 1.45 p.m. of the 5th I received an order to send General Hertranft's division (the Third) down the Vaughan road to report to Major-General Humphreys at Hatcher's Run. General Hartranft moved his division as rapidly as possible and reported to Major-General Humphreys at 8 p. m. General Hartranft's report is forwarded herewith. In compliance with instructions Colonel Brainerd, commanding Engineer Brigade, at City Point, reported to me with his command during the evening of the 5th, and was posted as a reserve in the vicinity of the Avery house. On the following day this brigade was moved to the left and directed to Major-General Getty, commanding Sixth Corps.

The Third Division, General Hartranft commanding, returned during the night of the 10th and took up their old position. On the following morning the divisions holding the front lines were extended the left as far as Fort Howard, and are now holding the line from the Appomattox to that point.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjtutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

