
point. I would state that I had previously received prompt and cordial tenders of aid, both of infantry and field artillery, from the commanders of the several corps.

I soon after received the following dispatches from General Humphreys and Wright:

I ordered out reconnaissance some time ago. Shall I drive in the enemy's pickets all along my line, and if I find his works slightly held, attack him?

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General.

As the enemy must have massed on right of our line, they must have left their own line weak. How would it do for us to attack along the whole length of our line?

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.

While fully appreciating the earnest and hearty support, and the desire to take advantage of an opportunirty evinced by these dispatches, I did not deem it advisable, under the peculiar circumstances under which I was in temporary command of the army, to take the responsibility of ordering these officers in, at least until the state of affairs in Willcox's front should be more fully developed. The line was reoccupied by us not long after, and about that time telegraphic communication was re-established with City Point, when dispatches and orders were received from the major-general commanding. On receipt of my orders of 6.20 a.m. General Wright ordered down the division of General Wheato, who moved with promptitude, but about the time he arrived at my headquarters, and while his and General Wright's staff officers were examining the position he was to occupy, the line was retaken by General Hartranft, and I had no occasion to use the troops of the Sixth Corps. But I take great pleasure in acknowledging the alacrity and willingness displayed by General Wheaton and his command.

Among the many officers of my command who distinguished themselves by their behavior in this action, I must particularly mention General Hartranft, to whom too much credit cannot be given for the skill in handling his division and gallantry in leading it displayed by him; and General Tidball, chief of artillery, for his promptitude and good judgment in bringing up and placing his batteries, and for the exceedingly effective and gallant service done by them and the artillery in position.

My own staff did me efficient service throughout the action, and I would honorably mention for activity and gallantry Bvt. Colonel C. G. Loring, assistant inspector-general; Bvt. Colonel J. L. Van Buren, aide-de-camp; Bvt. Major D. A. Pell, aide-de-camp; Bvt. Major J. B. Parke, aide-de-camp; Captain R. H. I. Goddard, aide-de-camp; Captain James S. Casey, commissary of musters, and Captain John C. Youngman, assistant adjutant-general. Colonel Loring, Colonel Van Buren, Captain Goddard, and Captain Youngman are mentioned by General Hartranft for services to him on the field.

I have the honor to submit herewith the reports of my subordinate commanders, and beg to call attention to the recommendations therein contained for good conduct and gallantry, and I desire to call particular attention to the report of Bvt. Brigadier General N. B. McLaughlen.

A tabulated list of casualties is hereto appended.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

