
gan, 1 killed, 8 wounded, 19 missing; Twentieth Michigan, 9 wounded; Sixtieth Ohio, 1 killed, 6 wounded; Forty-sixth New York, 2 killed 3 wounded; total, 49.*

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RALPH ELY,

Brevet Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Bvt. Major WILLIAM V. RICHARDS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Ninth Army Corps.

Numbers 138. Report of Captain Ira L. Evans, First Michigan Sharpshooters, of operations March 25.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MICHIGAN SHARPSHOOTERS,March 27, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the proceedings of my regiment during the engagement of March 25, 1865:

About daylight Companies I and H, under command of Captain James S. De Land, were detailed as skirmishers, with orders to deploy on the old City Point Railroad, advance and meet the enemy, and hold them in check if possible. This was carried out as per orders. The enemy was checked and forced to retire. These two companies remained on the front line, following up the enemy until they were driven from the works that they had captured early in the morning. Captain De Land states that his command captured 4 commissioned officers and 50 enlisted men.

I have the honor to mention Adjt. Ed. J. Buckbee as behaving with great gallantry and aiding materially in checking the advance of the enemy. The other companies of the reigment remained in the works.

Very respectfully,

IRA L. EVANS,

Captain, Commanding First Michigan Sharpshooters.

Bvt. Major C. A. LOUNSBERRY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, First Div., 9th Corps.

Numbers 139. Report of Captain John C. Boughton, Second Michigan Infantry, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT MICHIGAN VET. VOL. INFTY.,Before Petersburg, Va., March 27, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to make the following report concerning the late attack on our lines:

On the morning of the 25th instant, between 4 and 5 o'clock, the regiment was alarmed by messengers sent in from picket by Lieutenant Hardy, who was in command of the line. When I got out, which was 4.30, most of the regiment was under arms in the trench; went to the

---------------

*But see revised table, p. 70

---------------

