
Major George M. Randall, commanding at Fort Stedman, mentions with praise the conduct of the artillery officers and men at the fort (Nineteenth New York Battery and First Connecticut Heavy Artillery), and a section of the Fourteenth Massachusetts Battery, for their bravery and coolness, and universal praise is given to the artillerists at Fort Haskell (Third New Jersey Battery).

The service will mourn the loss of Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Pentecost, One hundredth Pennsylvania, whose cool, good conduct first checked the current of overwhelming disaster, and of Captain James Doherty, Fifty-seventh Massachusetts, commissioned and acting as major of that regiment, whose determined courage and excellent disposition greatly delayed the advance of the enemy toward the railroad. Both of these officers (since dead) should be brevetted for their gallantry this day.

I have the honor to mention the following officers and enlisted men for praise for deeds set against their names, and to reiterate the eulogiums of their regimental commanders:

Third Maryland Battalion Veteran Volunteers.-Captain Joseph F. Carter, capturing colors of the Fifty-first Virginia Infantry and gallantry on the skirmish line and in the first assault.

Second Lieutenant John Nape, for gallantry in forming the skirmish line when he was severely wounded.

Corpls. Edward Mitchell and John H. Locker,, of Company D, capturing and carrying off eighty rebels, including nine officers.

Sergt. Michael Denahey, Company C; Corpl. William H. Erdman, Private William Brooks, Company D, and Private Andrew J. Smith, Company B, for capture of numerous prisoners and being the foremost in entering Fort Stedman. The last-mentioned (Smith) deserves special praise for attempting to wrest a rebel color from a rebel, but, being a mere boy, was unable.

Private Patrick McCran, Company C, for capturing the colors of the reported Twelfth Georgia Battalion.

Fourteenth New York Heavy Artillery.-Major George M. Randall, for great gallantry at all times in the engagement; escaping when taken prisoner.

Capts. Charles H. Houhgton, Joseph P. Cleary, George Brennan, and Homer Foote, and Lieutenant Charles A. O'Brien, for constant and unwearied exertion throughout the action.

Private James K. Brady, Company H, for capturing colors.

Twenty-ninth Massachusetts Veteran Volunteers.-Captain john M. Deane, commanding the regiment after the capture of Major Richardson, and Lieutenant H. C. Joslyn, captured (Lieutenant Joslyn while on picket) and escaped through the ranks of the enemy in an audacious dash, exposed to every danger; worked a gun in Fort Haskell during the latter part of the engagement, only leaving it to charge back to Battery 11.

First Lieutenant Nathaniel Burgess, mortally wounded in a hand-to-hand conflict in the battery.

First Lieutenant D. P. Sculley, acting adjutant, captured and escaped; acting as aide in the last part of the engagement and exercising cool and bold judgment.

Color-Sergt. Conrad Homan (already recommended for a medal of honor), for saving the colors when surrounded and ordered to surrender.

Color-Corpl. Nelson Cook (already recommended for medal of honor), killed in defense of colors.

Private T. M. O'Brien, Company B, who, by his skill as wrestler, overset into a rifle-pit the rebel guard who was conducting him to the rear, and secured thereby the escape of Captain Pizer and five men.

