
Private Edward Carney, Company G, who, with a gunshot wound in his head, and beaten severely with butts of muskets, still "didn't see" surrender and fought his way out.

Sergt. William H. Howe, Company K, and Private Levi B. Gaylord, Company A (the latter previously recommended for medal of honor), for working barbette guns in Fort Haskell, side by side with Captain Deane and Lieutenant Joslyn, after all but two of the artillery detachment had been killed or wounded.

Private Charles L. Nightingale, Company H (sentinel), alarmed the camp and killed a man who invaded his beat.

The following men, killed in the defense of the battery, deserve notice: First Sergt. C. F. Harlow, Company C, fought three of the enemy at once; Privates William Klinkler, Company E, and George E. Snow, Company G; Private Preserved Westgate, Company F, who fought the enemy with a club till mortally wounded.

Fifty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers.-Sergt. Major C. H. Pinkham, captured battle-flag of Fifty-seventh North Carolina and saved his own colors by seizing them from the staff while the enemy were in the camp.

First Sergt. George Adams, Company G, wounded for fifteenth time.

First Sergt. Charles S. Chase, Company H, general good conduct, and Sergt. John O'Donnell, Company A.

Sergt. William F. Oakes, Company K (acting officer), for saving Captain Doherty when wounded, and First Sergt. William Magner, Company B.

Sergt. R. Wesley Williams, Company I (wounded), general bravery, and Corpl. F. S. Cheney, Company C, killed.

Fifty-ninth Massachusetts Volunteers.-First Sergts. Coburn S. Smith and John H. Kelley, Company D, for general gallantry, and the latter for assisting in working a piece of artillery in Fort Haskell.

Private Joshua W. Carr, Company H, was steadily brave, and won the admiration of his officers.

One hundredth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers.-Major N. J. Maxwell, commanding after the fall of Lieutenant-Colonel Pentecost, displayed distinguished gallantry.

Captain John L. Johnson captured the colors of the Fifth Virginia Infantry.

Color-Sergt. Charles Oliver, Company M, captured the colors of the Thirty-first Georgia Infantry and planted the regimental colors on Fort Stedman while still occupied by the enemy.

Private Joseph B. Chambers, Company F, captured colors of the First Virginia Infantry.

Corpl. M. D. Dewire, Company A, captured rebel staff and part of flag and recaptured national camp color staff.

In addition to these Privates John Brown and Joseph Becket, Company C, Fourteenth New York Heavy Artillery, detailed men in the subsistence department, deserve praise for the gallant manner in which they resisted the advance of the enemy, using the guns of the captured rebels, and fighting on the skirmish line, Brown being painfully wounded, and Becket capturing six prisoners.

General McLaughlen was captured about 4.30 a.m., but I was not notified of the fact till about 6 a.m., when I assumed command of the brigade.

Nominal lists of casualties have already been forwarded.* The staff-Major F. B. Mirick, brigade inspector; Captain T. W. Clarke, acting

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 70.

---------------

