
display of these qualities on the 25th, and of the large contribution to the gratifying result made by his efforts, I earnestly recommend that promotion by brevet or otherwise be awarded his name.

First. Lieutenant Albert M. Murdock, killed with the colors of the regiment in his hand, which he had grasped to lead a charge, deserves especial mention for gallantry.

To every officer of the command present in the action I know that honorable mention for distinguished services is due; but as they as a unit co-operated in the execution of the movements resulting so successfully, so to them collectively do I confess my obligations.

The following enlisted men were observed as conducting themselves bravely and performing specific acts of gallantry, enumerated below, viz:

Sergt. Major Charles H. Pinkham-captured battle-flag of Fifty-seventh North Carolina (rebel); saved colors of his regiment from capture, seizing them from a tent after the enemy's had entered the regimental camp.

First SErgt. George Adams, Company G-conspicuous bravery on skirmish line, receiving his fifteenth wound, continuing with regiment after being wounded.

First Sergt. Charles S. Chase, Company H, acting color-sergeant-general good conduct.

Sergt. John O'Donnell, Company A-rallying and encouraging his men; has participated in every engagement with his company and regiment since its entry into service.

Sergt. William F. Oakes, Company K (missing in action, and acting lieutenant)-gallantry while in command of portion of skirmish line; carried Captain Doherty to rear; resisted attempt of enemy to kill him (Doherty) after being taken prisoner.

First Sergt. William Magner, Company B-general bravery.

Sergt. R. Wesley Williams, Company I (wounded)-general bravery.

Corpl. Frederick S. Cheney, Company C (killed), color corporal-general bravery.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. TUCKER,

Lieutenant Colonel Fifty-seventh Massachusetts Vol. Infty., Commanding Regiment.

Captain THOMAS W. CLARKE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, First Div., 9th Army Corps.

Numbers 150. Report of Major Ezra P. Gould, Fifty-ninth Massachusetts Infantry, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. FIFTY-NINTH MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS,Before Petersburg, March 27, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the engagement of March 25, 1865:

The regiment was, on its first arrival at the front, ordered to occupy and hold Battery 11, which it did until the lines on either side were deserted or occupied by the enemy, and the rebels' line of battle, completely outflanking my position, was within a very short distance, when I gave the order "by the right flank, over the works, to Fort Haskell,"

