
which most of the men complied with and arrived safely in the fort. This position, being the only tenable and defensible part of the brigade line, was occupied by nearly all the regimental commanders with their commands and from there we opened fire on Fort Stedman with musketry and artillery, so heavy as to compel the enemy to leave the fort three several times; but finding that it was not occupied again by our troops they returned each time, till finally we were re-enforced by the Third Division and the enemy were driven from our works.

Of the men in this command, while all to my personal knowledge behaved nobly, First Sergt. Coburn S. Smith, Company D, and Sergt. John H. Kelley, Company D, made themselves specially conspicuous by the rapid and effective fire that they kept up form an exposed situation, the latter helping the batterymen work one of their guns, the most exposed and dangerous work done in the fort, a good part of the time; and Private Joshua W. Carr, Company H, though performing no special act of valor, won my admiration and that of the other officers by his steady bravery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EZRA P. GOULD,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain T. W. CLARKE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 151. Report of Major George M. Randall, Fourteenth New York Heavy Artillery, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. FOURTEENTH NEW YORK HEAVY ARTILLERY,Fort Stedman, in front of Petersburg, Va., March 27, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report in relation to the attack made on Fort Stedman and Battery Numbers 10 on the morning of the 25th instant:

At 3 a.m. the officers of my command were informed by a sergeant of the picket that the enemy were advancing on our works in my immediate front. I at once ordered my command to the works. On reaching them I found that some few men of the enemy were on the works to the right of Battery Numbers 10, who made a most desperate attempt to gain possession. My command opened fire, and succeeded in foiling their attempt. The enemy were re-enforced, and made another desperate attempt. A few had gained our works, but these were captured and sent to the rear. I ordered my men to use their bayonets and the butts of their muskets, which they did most gallantly, fighting hand to hand with the enemy. The next attack was made on Fort Stedman, and notwithstanding the darkness of the night and the suddenness of the attack, succeeded in checking them at these points. The third attack, the enemy met with better success, they having flanked us on our right and left, and charging us at daybreak with overwhelming force, made it necessary for my men to retreat, which they did, toward the first battalion of my regiment, now at Fort Haskell.

The officers of Forts Stedman and Haskell behaved most gallantly during the engagement. I would take occasion to mention the names of Captains Houghton, Cleary, Brennan, Foote, and Lieutenant Charles A. O'Brien, for their valuable services rendered during the engagement.

