
One stand of colors was captured by Private James K. Brady, H Company, Fourteenth New York Heavy Artillery.

At the commencement of the attack I immediately sent orderlies to the Twenty-ninth and Fifty-seventh Massachusetts Regiments, also to brigade and division headquarters, asking for immediate support, stating that it would be impossible for me to hold the works unless re-enforced immediately.

Too much credit cannot be given to the officers and men of the Third New Jersey Light Artillery for their noble conduct. The First Connecticut Heavy Artillery fought hand to hand with the enemy while protecting their mortars, and then remained with them until the last moment; also the Nineteenth New York (Captain Rogers) Battery, and one section of the Fourteenth Massachusetts Battery.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. M. RANDALL,

Major Fourteenth New York Heavy Artillery, Commanding Regiment

Bvt. Colonel G. P. ROBINSON,

Commanding Third Brigadier, First Div., Ninth Army Corps.

Numbers 152. Report of Major Norman J. Maxwell, One hundredth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. ONE HUNDREDTH PENNSYLVANIA VET. VOLS.,March 27, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment on the 25th instant:

Immediately upon ascertaining that the enemy were in possession of Fort Stedman, Colonel Pentecost ordered a skirmish line to be thrown from the mortar battery immediately [on] our right (Battery 11) across the field to our (then) right. This line, supported by one company, succeeded for a few minutes in stopping the enemy's advance, but being pressed by a heavy line of battle were compelled to retire. Perceiving that it was useless to attempt to hold our line of works, three companies were ordered to occupy a part of the old works immediately in our rear, and the remainder of the regiment directed to rally in Fort Haskell. While superintending the movement to Fort Haskell Colonel Pentecost was mortally wounded. When the rebels occupied our camp the part of the regiment in the fort and the detached companies opened fire upon them, and, in common with the other troops, succeeded in driving them out. The line was almost immediately reoccupied, and with the men at my command I pressed on to Fort Stedman.

Color-Sergt. Charles Oliver planted his colors on Fort Stedman while it was still occupied by a portion of the enemy. The following is a list of colors captured, with the names of their captors: Colors Fifth Virginia Infantry, captured by Captain John L. Johnson, Company D; colors First Virginia Infantry, captured by Private Joseph B. Chambers, Company F; colors Thirty-first Georgia Infantry, captured by Color-Sergt. Charles Oliver, Company M; rebel staff and part of color and national camp color staff, captured by Corpl. M. D. Dewire, Company A.

A large number of prisoners were captured by the regiment, but I have no means of knowing how many.

