
Although the command did not become engaged with the enemy, yet they performed all labors and marches with the utmost promptness, each and all seeming willing and anxious to do what was required of them.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. HARTRANFT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel P. M. LYDIG,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,April 14, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the repulse of the enemy at Fort Stedman on the morning of the 25th of March ultimo:

Immediately upon hearing the alarm on the right of the line, which was about 4.30 a.m., Captain Dalien, of my staff, who was on duty as staff officer of the day, was sent from my headquarters, which were at the Avery house, to Colonel Harriman and Brigadier-General McLaughlen, commanding brigades in the First Division, and ascertain the cause of the alarm; at the same time orders were sent to my brigade commanders, and their commands were under arms ready for any emergency. The position of my division, which consists of two brigades, was as follows: One regiment, the Two hundredth Pennsylvania Volunteers, near the Dunn House Battery; the Two hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, at Meade's Station; the Two hundred and eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, on the right of the Avery house; the Two hundred and fifth and Two hundred and seventh Regiments Pennsylvania Volunteers, on the army line railroad, near Fort Prescott, and the Two hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, near the railroad, about half way between Forts Alex. Hays and Howard. At 5.10 a.m. Captain Daline returned to headquarters with a dispatch from General McLaughlen's headquarters, and of which the following is a copy:
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,March 25, 1865.

GENERAL: The enemy have attacked our lines and carried a portion of its works (from Battery 11 and Stedman to the right). They are now moving towards the Appomattox. General on the lines.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLARKE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

A few moments afterward I received dispatch from Major-General Parke, of which the following is a copy:
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,March 25, 1865-5.15 a.m.

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you move the brigade at Meade's Station to re-enforce General Willcox, in order to recapture a battery reported to be taken by the enemy on his front and near Fort Stedman.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. VAN BUREN,

Brevet Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

