
Stedman, under the direction of Captain Watts, aide-de-camp, in full view of the enemy. This was done for the purpose of attracting the attention and fire of the enemy, and cover the movement of the balance of the division which was to carry the works. This ruse was a complete success. The enemy, seeing the advance of this regiment, numbering about 600 muskets, in such handsome manner, commenced to waver, when the balance of the division charged with a will, in the most gallant style, and in a moment Stedman, Batteries 11 and 12, and the entire line which had been lost, was recaptured with a large number of prisoners, battle-flags, and small-arms. After the troops had commenced moving to make this assault, I received orders not to make it until a division of the Sixth Army Corps, which was on its way to support me, had arrived, but I saw that the enemy had already commenced to waver, and that success was certain. I, therefore, allowed the lines to charged; besides this, it was doubtful whether I could have communicated with the regiments on the flanks in time to countermand the movement.

From the reports of my subordinate commanders as well as from my own observation, at least 1,500 of the prisoners, and all the battle-flags captured, were taken by and passed to the rear through the lines of my division, but were afterward collected by other troops, while but about 770 prisoners and one battle-flag were credited to my command. The officers and men were so eager to regain the lost ground, and regimental commanders so desirous to maintain their several organizations, which had been somewhat broken after charging through the bomb-proofs and old works around the forts, that little or no attention was paid to the trophies of this brilliant victory.

The officers and men of my division, composed entirely of new troops, deserve great credit for their promptness in moving forward to the point of attack, to which in a great measure is owing the success of the day,, and for their gallant conduct throughout the action.

The Two hundredth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel McCall commanding, deserves particular mention. This regiment was put to the severest test, and behaved with the greatest firmness and steadiness. The regiment made two stubborn attacks on the enemy, and when compelled to retire it fell back in good order.

Among the many officers of this command who did their duty I cannot refrain from noticing especially the conduct of Colonel J. A. Mathews, Two hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding Second Brigade, for the promptness in which he moved his command to the scene of action, and for his gallantry in the final assault.

Colonel C. W. Diven, Two hundredth Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding First Brigade, who went early to General McLaughlen's headquarters, for the disposition made by him of the Two hundred and eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, and other troops near Haskell, which checked the farther advance of the enemy toward the left.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. H. McCall, commanding Two hundredth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers for his coolness and bravery, and for the skill displayed by him in handling his regiment.

Lieutenant Colonel George W. Frederick and Major John L. Richery, Two hundred and ninth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, who behaved with great gallantry in advancing their regiment and in the final assault.

Lieutenant Colonel M. T. Heintzelman and Captain T. W. Hoffman, Two hundred and eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, for their prompt-

