
ness in moving their regiment forward, holding the positions they had gained, and for the efficiency of their regiment in the recapture of Batteries 11 and 12.

Colonel R. C. Cox, commanding Two hundred and seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Major B. M. Morrow, commanding Two hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Captain W. A. Coulter, commanding Two hundredth and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, for promptness and gallantry in the final assault.

Captain F. A. Hoffman, Two hundredth Pennsylvania Volunteers, for his gallantry in attempting to capture a rebel flag, in the act of which he was shot through the hand and knocked down with a musket by the enemy.

Among the enlisted men who distinguished themselves and deserve particular mention are: Private Levi A. Smith, Company E, Two hundredth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Private John J. Levi, Company H, Two hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Sergeants Elbridge Stiles and Edward J. Humphreys, Company C, color bearers, Two hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Private George Dull, Company F, Two hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

The following-named enlisted men are reported as having captured colors: Private James Decker, Company D, Two hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Corpl. John Fulton, Company B, Two hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers; Private Charles H. Keinert, Company F, Two hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers. Recommendations will be made for medals for these men.

Brevet Brigadier-General Tidball, commanding Artillery Brigade, Ninth Army Corps, was on the ground directing the movements and fire of the artillery.

Colonel Charles G. Loring, Bvt. Colonel J. L. Van Buren, Captain Goddard, and Captain John C. Youngman, of General Parke's staff, and Captain L. C. Brackett, aide-de-camp to Major-General Willcox, were with me on the field during the action and rendered me valuable services in carrying dispatches.

I cannot speak too highly of the members of my staff-Bvt. Major John D. Bertolette, assistant adjutant-general; Bvt. Major George Shorkley (captain Fifty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers), division inspector (who was wounded in the thigh); Captain William H. Hodgkins, Thirty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers, assistant commissary of musters; Captain Richard A. Watts, Seventeenth Michigan Volunteers, aide-de-camp; Captain Prosper Dalien, Two hundred and eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers (who was wounded in the breast); Lieutenant Reuben R. Webbert, acting ordnance officer, and Captain Martin G. Hale, provost-marshal-for the prompt, efficient, and most valuable services rendered during the action.

A tabular statement of casualties is hereto appended, together with copies of the reports of brigade commanders and regimental commanders of the First Brigade, to which attention is respectfully invited.

A nominal list of casualties has already been furnished.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

J. F. HARTRANFT,

Brevet Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel P. M. LYDIG,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps.

