
and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers from the high ground in rear of Stedman and the regiments on my right. I immediately prepared my command for the movement, and when the advance of the Two hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers and the troops on my left was made, Major Bertolette ordered the charge, which was made instantaneously, the men moving forward in the most gallant style, charging the right corner of Stedman and the main line of works leading from it. My regiment alone captured at least 350 prisoners and a like number of small-arms, but my men were so eager to regain the fort and works that they paid but little attention to the prisoners, telling them to pass to the rear, where they were picked up by troops of the First Division, and claimed by that division, when they were really captured by and passed to the rear through my command.

The officers and men of my command all behaved with the greatest daring and bravery. Captain F. A. Hoffman seized the colors in the hand of a rebel color bearer, but was short through the hand and knocked down with a musket, retaining a piece of the flag, which he tore from the standard.

Private Levi A. Smith, Company E, deserves particular mention. After the color bearer had been shot down I grasped the colors and called for some one to take them, this boy sprang forward and asked me to permit him to carry the flag, which he did throughout the action.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

W. H. H. McCALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant C. L. BUFFINGTON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Third Div., 9th Army Corps.

No. 157. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Mish T. Heintzelman, Two hundred and eighth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. 208TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,March 27, 1865.

SIR: In obedience to circular from headquarters Third Division, Ninth Army Corps, dated March 26, 1865, I have the honor to offer the following report relative to the part taken and captures made by my regiment in the engagement near Fort Stedman on the 25th instant:

When my regiment reached the headquarters of the Third Brigade, First Division, Ninth Army Corps, the enemy had advanced a short distance across the first line of rifle-pits in rear of the main line of our breast-works and still maintained a good line, continuing to advance. On our approach, at the corner of the woods near the top of the hill, the enemy perceived my regiment for the first time, and immediately opened a heavy fire on it. We returned the fire, and merely held our own ground for probably a half hour, during which time I awaited further orders. In the meantime the enemy commenced falling back behind the main line of breast-works, sheltering themselves from our fire and continuing to fire upon my regiment. No orders having reached me yet I ordered the regiment to charge on the enemy, which needed but the word "forward", and the men were off on a double-quick. The enemy began to give way, and in a short time his whole line was under a full and most disorderly retreat. The regiment

