
quickly followed and took possession of the main line, a part entering Battery No. 12 and capturing in the fort alone 100 prisoners, including a colonel, adjutant, and several line officers. On the balance of the line we captured 250 prisoners, making in all 350 prisoners captured by my regiment. In the meantime the color bearer of the One hundredth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers entered Battery 12, and took possession of several stand of colors (rebel), which justly belonged to my regiment.

A large number of enlisted men belonging to the First Division, representing themselves to be provost guards especially detailed for the purpose of escorting to the rear, followed immediately in our rear, picking up large numbers of prisoners taken by my regiment, thereby claiming a credit of prisoners for the First Division.

Previous to our advancing, the entire line formerly occupied by the One hundredth Pennsylvania Volunteers and Fifty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, including Batteries Nos.11 and 12, was entirely deserted from Fort Stedman to Fort Haskell. The camps were filled with rebels, who were crowded in so thickly as to render it impossible to deploy my command. My regiment occupied our main line of breast-works from ten to twenty minutes before the order reached me to advance.

There were gathered up by officers belonging to the First Division in the several batteries at least 500 stand of small-arms belonging to the Third Division.

Respectfully submitted.

M. T. HEINTZELMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 208th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Lieutenant CHARLES L. BUFFINGTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 158. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George W. Frederick, Two hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. 209TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,March 28, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with circular from headquarters Third Division, dated March 27, 1865, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the action of the 25th instant:

About-o'clock I was requested by an aide of General Willcox to form my regiment and move it to a point near the signal station, a short distance in rear of the Dunn House Battery. I was then conducted by the same aide to the front and right of the Dunn House Battery. I had scarcely got my regiment into position when the same aide informed me that it was General Hartranft's order that I should immediately, with the Two hundredth Pennsylvania Volunteers, charge the hill in my front, which was then held by the enemy. I at once gave the order to charge, and the regiment moved forward, under a very heavy fire of musketry and artillery, gaining a line of works running across the open field over which we were advancing. Halting for a moment, we again advanced, gaining a ditch near the hill occupied

23 R R-VOL XLVI, PT I

