
by the enemy. Here we were shelled from both front and rear. It was here also that the gallant Lieutenant Hugh Jones, commanding Company C, fell, pierced through the heart by a musket-ball. We remained in the ditch for some time, when, noticing the enemy retreating, we poured into them a murderous fire, which was continued until I saw the Two hundredth Pennsylvania Volunteers, which was on my left, preparing, as I supposed, to move forward. I immediately ordered my regiment forward, and forward we went, not an officer or man halting or faltering until our advance line was gained and our colors planted on the works, and I am satisfied that they were the first colors planted on the works.

My officers and men all did their duty so well that it would seem invidious to make any distinction; yet I feel it my duty to make honorable mention of Sergeants Stiles and Humphreys, color bearers, who were always to be seen in advance.

A considerable number of prisoners were sent to the rear, estimated at 350.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. FREDERICK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

[Lieutenant BUFFINGTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

No. 159. Report of Colonel Joseph A. Mathews, Two hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 9TH ARMY CORPS,March 25, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to state the following with regard to the movements of my command during the engagement of this a.m.:

At-a.m. I was instructed by Lieutenant Webbert, of General Hartranft's staff, that the general desired me to report, with my command, at division headquarters without a moment's delay. I immediately dispatched a staff officer to bring down the Two hundred and eleventh Regiment (which is encamped some two miles from my headquarters), and with the remaining two regiments of my brigade reported promptly at the point mentioned. From thence I was conducted by yourself to the ravine, situated about two-thirds of a mile in front of your headquarters. I there halted my command about one hour, awaiting orders. Through Captain Hodgkins, of General Hartranft's staff, I was notified to prepare for a charge against Fort Stedman, and further notified that when the Two hundred and eleventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, of my brigade, then under the general's own supervision, made its appearance of the brow of the hill in my rear, I was to charge with the Two hundred and fifth and Two hundred and seventh against the fort. This was done. I ordered Colonel Cox, with his (Two hundred and seventh) regiment, to charge the west corner of the fort, at the same time charging the remaining two regiments (the Two hundred and eleventh had by this time come up) directly against the rear of the fort.

In this charge my men behaved most handsomely. The Two hundred and seventh Regiment (Colonel Cox) did their share of the work most

