
effectually, completely cutting off the enemy's line of retreat, while the Two hundred and fifth and Two hundred and eleventh entered the fort and aided the Two hundred and seventh in capturing all the enemy who had remained inside.

In this charge I was aided very much by Captain Hodgkins, of General Hartranft's staff, who assisted me in keeping my line formed and hurrying my men across the plain in rear of the fort. My brigade at once advanced to the front of the fort, and by a brisk fire drove the enemy inside their works. My entire loss was but 42-3 of whom were killed and 39 wounded; no commissioned officers killed and but one wounded. It is impossible for me to state the exact number of prisoners captured by my command, but as near as I can judge their number amounted to 850. My command also captured between 300 and 400 stand of small-arms, which were left by or taken from the enemy in Fort Stedman.

One enlisted man from each of my regiments claims to have captured a battle-flag, but two state that they were taken from them by some field officers with whom they were not acquainted. The third is hereby sent to you, with the statement of the man who captured it. Their statements are substantiated by their several company and regimental commanders.

No further orders for an advance having been received, my command occupied the fort until evening, when two of the regiments were relieved by General Hartranft's order, and sent to camp. One regiment was left behind to garrison the fort.

It would be invidious in me to distinguish between the many who discharged their whole duty, I cannot refrain from speaking in the highest terms of praise of my entire staff, as well as the commanding officers of each of the regiments composing my brigade. Major Morrow, of Two hundred and fifth, refers to the conduct of Privates John J. Levi and George Dull, of his regiment, to which I invite the attention of the commanding general.

All of which I have the honor respectfully to submit.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. MATHEWS,

Colonel 205th Pennsylvania Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Major JOHN D. BERTOLETTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division, Ninth Army Corps.

No. 160. Report of Bvt. Brigadier General John C. Tidball, Fourth New York Heavy Artillery, commanding Artillery Brigade, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, NINTH ARMY CORPS,March 27, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor of making the following report of the part taken by the artillery in the operations of the 25th instant:

About 4 a.m. of that day the enemy in large force rushed upon Fort Stedman and Battery No. 10 immediately adjoining it, from their line, which at this point is but about 150 yards from the fort. The artillery of Fort Stedman consisted of four 12-pounder guns of the Nineteenth New York Battery; that in Battery No. 10, of two 30-inch rifles

