
I beg leave to add that Private James Holbrook, Company D, Fourteenth New York Heavy Artillery, who was my orderly, behaved in the most praiseworthy manner, and I respectfully recommend him to your favorable notice.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. MILLER,

Major First Pennsylvania Light Artillery, Inspector of Artillery, Ninth Corps.

Bvt. Brigadier General JOHN C. TIDBALL,

Chief of Artillery, Ninth Corps.

No. 162. Report of Captain Adelbert B. Twitchell, Seventh Battery Maine Light Artillery, of operations March 25.

SEVENTH MAINE BATTERY,

Fort Sedgwick, Va., March 26, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In answer to circular of the above date I have the honor to report that the usual quiet prevailed in the front of Fort Sedgwick up to 7.30 a.m. of the 25th instant. About that hour the enemy opened with one 3-inch gun from the small field-work to the front and left of Fort Sedgwick, throwing an occasional shot at the infantry, cavalry, and artillery passing along the road in rear of Fort Davis. About 8.30 o'clock one gun opened from Fort Sedgwick, firing three shots; the first went over the rebel works, the second shot struck the parapet, and the third struck in the embrasure from which the enemy's gun was firing. No shots were fired from the rebel line afterward.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. TWITCHELL,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Lieutenant GEORGE W. BOOTH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, Ninth Army Corps.

No. 163. Report of Captain Edward J Jones, Eleventh Battery Massachusetts Light Artillery, of operations March 25.

ELEVENTH MASSACHUSETTS LIGHT BATTERY,

Fort Friend, Va., March 25 [26], 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the following services of my command yesterday morning during the attack of the enemy on the line in the vicinity of Fort Stedman, viz:

At about 4 o'clock my attention was attacked to what appeared to be a cheer or yell peculiar to the enemy, accompanied by a slight musketry fire proceeding from near Fort Stedman. No information of what was being some at Fort Stedman was received for a half hour after the first alarm, and at this hour it was not sufficiently light to distinguish friend from foe, but as the day broke the enemy were discovered

