
moving from Fort Stedman toward Fort Haskell, and I immediately opened fire on them, and at the same moment they advanced their skirmish line rapidly toward the height upon which this work is situated, and as this line arrived on the ravine, about 500 yards in our front, we directed on them a quick fire of canister which at once checked the advance. The enemy could now be distinctly seen, covering the entire vicinity of Fort Stedman and the camp of the Fifty-seventh Massachusetts Regiment of Infantry. Up to this hour (now 4.30 or 4.45 o'clock) no organized regiment or company of our troops could be seen. The Pennsylvania infantry, encamped on the hill near my battery, now commenced to form, and in a few moments deployed as skirmishers and moved down the slope toward the enemy, who at this time commenced to retire from the bank of the ravine toward Fort Stedman. Two sections of light 12's now went into position on the left of my line, and the enemy opened on those guns with light 12's from Fort Stedman; my whole fire was now directed on Fort Stedman and the rifle-pits and bomb-proofs in the camp of the Fifty-seventh Massachusetts Infantry, which the enemy occupied with light troops; and discovering the enemy in force near Fort Haskell I ordered my right section to fire upon them rapidly with case-shot, and we had the satisfaction, in a few moments, to see them leave that locality and retire toward Fort Stedman, from which they were soon driven, and at about 7.30 o'clock the firing ceased. The amount of ammunition expended was about 450 rounds.

I have the pleasure to report no casualties.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, your obedient servant,

EDWARD J. JONES,

Captain, Eleventh Massachusetts Light Battery.

Lieutenant GEORGE W. BOOTH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, Ninth Army Corps.

No. 164. Report of Captain Edward W. Rogers, Nineteenth Battery New York Light Artillery, of operations March 25.

NINETEENTH NEW YORK BATTERY,

Before Petersburg, Va., March 26, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of the Nineteenth New York Battery during the engagement on the 25th instant:

The left and center sections of the battery were in Fort Stedman, while the right section was in camp near Meade's Station. The enemy advanced against our works at about 4.30 a.m. Alarm was given by the pickets; so far as I can ascertain the pickets did not fire a shot. The first intimation my men in Fort Stedman had of the approach of the enemy was the rush and the cheer with which they carried Battery No. 10. The guard on my pieces immediately discharged the guns, which were kept loaded with canister. These were the first shots of any kind that were fired in that vicinity; not a musket had been discharged. Some ten or twelve rounds were fired from my four guns. By that time the force of the enemy that had taken Battery No. 10 had advanced against Fort Stedman from that direction, and rushed into the fort without opposition, as my guns were all in embrasures pointing to the front (an effort to get one of the guns to an embrasure bearing on Battery

