
No. 10 was unsuccessful for lack of time), and there was nothing to oppose them. As the enemy came into the fort Lieutenant Long (the officer in command of the four guns), seeing that any further attempts at resistance were useless, ordered the men to take care of themselves. The enemy at this time were on three sides of the fort, as well as in it. Lieutenants Long and Moore and twelve enlisted men were captured, and one man was killed. Two of the men captured were known to be wounded. The remainder of the cannoneers (sixteen in number) escaped. Three of the gunners escaped and brought with them their breech sights, which prevented the enemy from using the guns efficiently when they were turned against us.

As soon as the alarm reached camp the horses were harnessed and hitched. The right section, Lieutenant Losee in command, went into position and opened fire on Fort Stedman, now in possession of the enemy. Soon General Tidball arrived, and ordered Lieutenant Losee to place his section in some old work in the brow of the hill and on the right of the road leading to Fort Stedman, a position which commanded Fort Stedman and most of that portion of our line now occupied by the enemy. The enemy had by this time turned against us the guns captured in Fort Stedman, and the fire of Lieutenant Losee's section was directed at the fort until it was silenced. He then directed his fire at different bodies of the enemy's infantry until the engagement was over. This section expended 184 rounds of ammunition, with good effect. As soon as Fort Stedman was retaken detachments were sent to man the guns which had been recaptured. The enemy had spiked one of the guns and temporarily disabled another.

The battery lost 1 private killed, and 2 commissioned officers and 12 enlisted men missing. These were all lost in Fort Stedman.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. ROGERS,

Captain, Commanding Nineteenth New York Battery.

Lieutenant GEORGE W. BOOTH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Brigade, Ninth Army Corps.

No. 165. Report of Captain John B. Eaton, Twenty-seventh Battery New York Light Artillery, of operations March 25.

TWENTY-SEVENTH NEW YORK BATTERY,

March 26, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with circular just received, I have the honor to state that the part taken by my battery in the operations of yesterday was briefly as follows:

I was awakened by firing about daybreak, and gave orders to have the section of my battery in park harnessed, which was done some time before I received verbal orders to harness the whole battery, and send the section to report to Colonel Harriman at Meade's Station. I at once ordered the remaining teams harnessed, and sent forward the section to Meade's Station, in command of my first-sergeant, Scott. After proceeding to headquarters and finding that the section was intended to report to Colonel Harriman, I repaired to the scene of action in advance of my section (then advancing at a trot), reported to General Tidball on the field, and placed the guns in position under his direction

