
and were trying to flank Battery No. 9, as this road affords an excellent shelter for that purpose. To check this movement of the enemy I run one gun on the barbette in rear of the fort, and by some eight or ten splendid shots turned the enemy's flank and they retreated, when the other three pieces pressed their column across the field. Now, after 6 p.m., only about sixty rounds of ammunition on hand, I sent to train, and also for 200 rounds from my caissons if the train should fail to come up in time. My ammunition came up just in time to make good effect on the retreating column of the enemy.

The men have behaved beyond my expectations, and especially the detachment on the barbette gun, as they were exploded to the most severe flank and rear fire of the enemy. Their conduct is worthy to be recommended to the general commanding. I did not hesitate in placing this piece on the barbette, knowing full well that this point was the enemy's vital spot in the line, and that they would also turn all the guns on me, some twelve in number. At my fourth shot fired from this gun I was struck and one of my men killed, the gunner taking charge after me. He was soon struck, and then Private Michael Fogarty took charge of the gun with two men; he worked it with great success. I have the honor to give the names of men who merit the general's attention: Sergt. Valentine Rossbach, Segt. James C. Cornell, Privates Michael Fogarty and John Keene.

Fired 360 rounds.

Casualties: John B. Bauer, private, killed; Brevet Major Roemer, Sergeant Rossbach, and Corpls. William J. Rierson and D. Smith, wounded.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JACOB ROEMER,

Bvt. Major, Commanding Thirty-fourth New York Independent Battery.

Lieutenant GEORGE W. BOOTH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-Nothing worthy of note transpired in Battery No. 5, with our section there; they fixed sixty rounds, mostly on the enemy's forts.

No. 167. Report of Captain John R. Cooper, Eighth New York Heavy Artillery, commanding Battery No. 15, of operations March 25.
HEADQUARTERS BATTERY NO.15,March 26, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that about 4 o'clock yesterday morning I was startled with the first report of the artillery, and immediately had my men at their guns ready for action, and the detachment of the Fourteenth New York Heavy Artillery posted along the works with their muskets loaded, prepared for any emergency . In a few moments I discovered the flash of musketry proceeded from our rear line, at or near Fort Stedman, which led me to the conclusion that our pickets had been captured at that point. One of the Fourteenth Artillery men went from here to Forth Stedman, and immediately returned with the information that the fort was captured and the enemy swinging around in our rear. About this time the 8-inch columbiad, a rifled battery, and the five mortars to the left of the Braxter road, opened fire, the two latter on this battery and Fort Morton; also, the mortar battery on Cemetery Hill. I replied will all six of my mortars,

