
and Fort Morton with four mortars and on 4 1/2-inch gun, and in a short time the mortar battery and rifled battery were silenced. This battery expended fifty-eight shells. One of the enemy's shells struck the rear of one of our bomb-proofs and went through and burst inside, killing Private Samuel Bowman, Company B, Eighth New York Artillery, and wounding Percy Scofield, Fourteenth New York Artillery, in the head, and William Wood, Company G, Eighth New York Artillery, in head, slightly, they all being in the bomb-proof at the time. I also received a slight wound on the head and shoulder from the same shell while standing outside the bomb-proof.

Respectfully, yours,

J. R. COOPER,

Captain, Eighth New York Artillery, Commanding Battery.

Lieutenant G. W. BOOTH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 168. Report of Captain Samuel H. Rhoads, Battery D, Pennsylvania Light Artillery, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. BATTERY D, PENNSYLVANIA VOL. ARTILLERY,March 26, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of my command yesterday, March 25:

In the morning, at about 4.30 o'clock, I was awakened by my corporal of the guard with information that there was fighting on our right. About the same time or earlier, Lieutenant Sailor, commanding guns in Fort Meikel, was awakened, and he immediately had his cannoneers stand to their guns in anticipation. The force manning the other guns of the battery were ready about the same time. After daylight I received orders from Major Ricketts to harness and hitch and pack up, which I did as expeditiously as possible. During the morning the enemy opened twice from a battery, containing several 10-pounder rifles. Lieutenant Sailor fired six rounds at this battery, four of the shells exploding their embrasure, and apparently causing their firing to cease both times. Toward evening this battery opened again and fired a few shots, to which Lieutenant Sailor replied once. About 10 a.m., or after the firing ceased, I unhitched and unharnessed.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL H. RHOADS,

Captain, Commanding Battery D, Pennsylvania Volunteer Artillery.

Lieutenant GEORGE W. BOOTH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 169. Report of Bvt. Brigadier General J. Irvin Gregg, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding Second Cavalry Division, of operations February 5-7.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,February 13, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in pursuance of instructions received from the major-general commanding, this command

