
No. 171. Report of Colonel B. M. Young, Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry, of operations February 5-7.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,February 16, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command in the engagements of the 5th, 6th, and 7th instant:

The regiment, on the 5th, on reaching Rowanty Creek, remained on picket, while the remainder of the division proceeded to and returned from Dinwiddie Court-House. During that date had no engagement with the enemy.

At 5 a.m. of the 6th, left Rowanty Creek; at 8.30 a.m., one mile beyond which, formed into line, remaining until near 4 p.m., when ordered back toward the run. On reaching the skirmish line ordered to charge down the road, where it was said a North Carolina brigade of infantry was formed. Having no support and having to charge by sections of eight, the enemy opened a most deadly fire upon the regiment, causing it to fall back, which was done in an orderly manner, and reformed and charged again across an open field, with the same result, and even a third charge was made, but each charge found the enemy too strong to be dislodged.

On the 7th drove the enemy across Gravelly Run and into their works, when they opened upon us with artillery. The regiment then fell back across the run, where it remained until dark, when it was withdrawn.

No prisoners were captured from the enemy, or property of any kind.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. M. YOUNG,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant D. C. SWANK,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigade, Second Cavalry Division.

No. 172. Report of Lieutenant William A. Corrie, Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry, of operations February 5-7.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,February 16, 1865.

Report of operations of the Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry from February 5 to 7, inclusive:

February 5, command moved at 3 a.m., taking the plank road to Gary's Church; thence to Reams' Station, reaching that place at daylight; thence to Rowanty Creek, when the regiment was ordered on the advance. Moved on to Dinwiddie Court-House, the first battalion charging through, capturing nine wagons and ten prisoners; moved back to Rowanty Creek and bivouacked for the night.

February 6, moved at 1 a.m., taking the old stage road to near the Quaker road, where we rejoined the infantry and moved back across Gravelly Run. The enemy advanced on us in force; the brigade of Fifth Corps broke, and the Fourth Regiment and first battalion of Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry charged the enemy; the Fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Cavalry breaking, we were compelled to fall back a short

24 R R-VOL XLVI, PT I

