
No. 174. Report of Colonel Oliver B. Knowles, Twenty-first Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations February 5-7.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,February 15, 1865.

MAJOR: In compliance with instructions from headquarters Second Cavalry Division, I have the honor to make the following report of operations of this brigade in the engagements of the 5th, 6th, and 7th instant:

The brigade (with the exception of the Sixth Ohio Cavalry, who were ordered to report to General Warren at 6 a.m., 5th instant) left its present camp at 3 a.m., 5th instant; marched, via Gary's Church and Reams' Station, to Dinwiddie Court-House, where we remained about one hour; then returned to the Rowanty, where we bivouacked.

At 1 a.m., 6th instant, orders were received to march, when in company with the division the brigade marched, via Monk's Neck bridge, to the Vaughan road and joined the infantry near Hatcher's Run, where the brigade was formed on the west side of the run. Here the Sixth Ohio Cavalry, which accompanied the infantry on the advance, rejoined the brigade, participated in the engagement on the 6th instant, with but slight loss. The Twenty-first Pennsylvania Cavalry was ordered to report half to General Crawford and half to a staff officer of General Meade.

At 1 p.m., 7th instant, the brigade returned to Weldon railroad, where it remained during the night, and on the morning of 8th instant returned to camp.

I have the honor to mention the following-named enlisted men as having displayed marked bravery on the advance to Hatcher's Run while with the infantry: Sergt. Michael Eck, Company L, Sixth Ohio Cavalry; Corpl. Harley B. Scribner, Company L, Sixth Ohio Cavalry; Private William W. Porter, Company L, Sixth Ohio Cavalry; Corpl. W. Emerson Dunlap, Company K, Sixth Ohio Cavalry.

Respectfully submitted.

O. B. KNOWLES,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Bvt. Major H. C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Cavalry Division.

No. 175. Report of Colonel Andrew W. Evans, First Maryland Cavalry, commanding Third Brigade, Cavalry Division, Army of the James, of operations January 30.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, CAVALRY DIV., ARMY OF THE JAMES,January 31, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I proceeded, in compliance with instructions of the 29th, with 35 officers and 806 men of this command, at daylight yesterday, by Charles City Cross-Roads, to Long Bridge, on the Chickahominy. I found that stream very high and not

