
sides of the wagon. At present it is difficult to load the boat from the rear by pushing it forward, because the stanchions will cut into the sides of the boat and resist its advance unless the boat is exactly straight. Two rollers assist its loading very much. The present stanchion might be hammered down and a cast-iron roller slipped on it as an axle and confined by a common nut.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PETER S. MICHIE,

Brevet Major, U. S. Army, Chief Engineer, Dept. of Virginia.

Bvt. Major General J. G. BARNARD,

Chief Engineer, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, CHIEF ENGINEER'S OFFICE,February 21, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of engineering operations in the Army of the James for the week ending February 18, 1865:

At Fort Burnham two casemates have been finished and two are in course of construction. One magazine between casemates is completed. The thickening of parapet and deepening of trench is being proceeded with, and a parapet on gorge is being constructed. The chevaux-defrise and entanglements are also finished. The batteries on the flanks of the fort are completed and ready for guns. The Coehorn mortars are in position and the magazine for them is ready for use. The parapet between Fort Burnham and Battery No. 1 is being repaired. The magazine in Battery No. 3 is nearly completed and the abatis made good. The magazine No. 5, is in course of construction. The work upon Fort Brady consisted is thickening the front parapet, strengthening the magazine, connecting the latter and the bomb-proof, and laying the platform of one of the 100-pounders. There are two 100-pounders now in position behind the thickened parapet. The sunken battery below Fort Brady is ready for two 100-pounders and one 30-pounder, and is nearly completed. The work between the Redoubts Brooks and Southard is progressing favorably. The gateway and draw-bridge at Redoubt Southard is nearly completed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PETER S. MICHIE,

Brevet Major, U. S. Army, Chief Engineer, Dept. of Virginia.

Bvt. Major J. G. BARNARD,

Chief Engineer Combined Armies.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, CHIEF ENGINEER'S OFFICE,February 27, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of engineering operations in the Army of the James for the week ending February 25, 1865:

In the Twenty-fifth Army Corps.-At Fort Burnham the third casemate is completed, the thickening of parapet, widening of trench, and construction of parapet on gorge line is being continued. In Batteries Nos.1,3 and 4, magazines have been constructed and are nearly completed.

