
In Battery No. 2 the magazine is finished. At Fort Brady the thickening of the parapet and magazine covering is nearly finished. Sunken battery below Fort Brady requires but a few hours' work to complete it. Repairs of abatis, &amp;c., has been made on the line generally.

In the Twenty-fourth Corps.-The lunette and infantry parapets between Redoubts Southard and Brooks have been proceeded with and are nearly completed.

On the Bermuda front.-Battery Sawyer: The parapet has been strengthened and the ditch drained. New Battery near Battery Sawyer: The covering of magazine and bomb-proof is finished. Battery Spofford: A covered drain has been made and the revetment repaired. Redoubt Drake: The revetment and platform have been repaired. Battery Marshall: The terre-plein been graded and the parapet on the left flank raised: three magazines in rear of the ten-gun battery have been drained, rivetted, and re-covered. The parapet and banquette between Batteries Pruyn and Anderson are being raised. Battery Pruyn: The parapet has been strengthened, embrasures repaired, and platforms laid. Redoubt Dutton: The embrasures have been repaired and platforms are being laid.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PETER S. MICHIE,

Brevet Major, U. S. Army, Chief Engineer.

Bvt. Major General J. G. BARNARD,

Chief Engineer Combined Armies in Virginia.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, CHIEF ENGINEER'S OFFICE,March 9, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of engineering operations for the week ending March 4, 1865:

The work done, in consequence of unfavorable weather, has been of little importance, consisting chiefly of (in the Twenty-fifth Corps) continuing the construction of casemates in Fort Burnham, completing magazines in the redoubts along the line to Fort Brady, and repairs to rifle-pits and abatis. On the Bermuda front: Repairing platforms, and draining in Battery Sawyer' strengthening the bomb-proof and magazine in Battery Parsons; repairing embrasure and laying platforms in Redoubt Drake; thickening and rivetting parapet and forming banquette between Batteries Anderson and Pruyn; repairing embrasure and laying platform in Battery Pruyn, and some small repairs in Redoubt Dutton.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PETER S. MICHIE,

Brevet Major, U. S. Army, Chief Engineer Dept. of Virginia.

Bvt. Major General J. G. BARNARD,

Chief Engineer Combined Armies in Virginia.

DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, CHIEF ENGINEER'S OFFICE,

March 14, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report for the week ending March 11, 1865:

In the Twenty-fifth Corps.-At Fort Burnham the scarp rivetting damaged by the recent heavy rains has been repaired and the trench

