
drained; the magazines on the line, seven in number, are all completed and ready for use; general repairs to rifle-pits and abatis have been done on the whole line. At Fort Brady a portion of the bank in front of the embrasures (about 1,500 yards, cubie) has been removed and the work on magazine and platforms has been proceeded with.

On the Bermuda front.-The repairs on Redoubt Dutton are completed; palisades for the gorge of Battery Marshall have been cut and the magazine in that battery rebuilt; the new battery near Battery Parsons is progressing rapidly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PETER S. MICHIE,

Brevet Major, U. S. Army, Chief Engineer Army of the James.

Bvt. Major General J. G. BARNARD,

Chief Engineer Combined Armies in Virginia.

DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, ENGINEER'S OFFICE,

March 23, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of engineering operations for the week ending March 18, 1865:

In the Twenty-fifth Corps.-At Fort Burnham four casemates are completed, and the scarp revetment in front of casemates is nearly rebuilt; the repairs to rifle-pits and abatis from the right to Battery No. 5 is completed. At Fort Brady the work to the bank in front of embrasures is finished and the magazine has been drained. Sunken water battery: The fraise around this battery is completed and the bomb-proof has been strengthened.

On the Bermuda front.-Labor has been expended principally on the new 100-pounder batteries near Batteries Spofford and Parsons, and they are nearly completed. Repairs have been made at Batteries Sawyer, Abbott, Parsons, and Drake, and a stockade is being put up in rear of Battery Marshall.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PETER S. MICHIE,

Brevet Major, U. S. Army, Chief Engineer.

Bvt. Major General J. G. BARNARD,

Chief Engineer Combined Armies of Virginia.

No. 177. Reports of Lieutenant William R. King, Corps of Engineers, U. S. Army, Acting Chief Engineer, of operations January 1-31.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,CHIEF ENGINEER'S OFFICE,

January 10, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of engineering operations in the Army of the James for the week ending January 7, 1865:

The corduroy road leading from the Twenty-fourth Army Corps line to Deep Bottom is completed, and the road from the department headquarters is finished to Kingsland road, a distance of 2,666 yards. Some

