
In order to form ice-breakers and prevent a lateral motion of the bridge, an inclined brace was placed above each row of piles, the larger end being spiked to the cap and the other end chained to a pile fifty or sixty feet above the bridge, the pile being sawed nearly through before driving, and so arranged as to break off just above the chain. Near the draw similar braces were placed on the lower side also to give additional strength. The roadway is concentrated in the ordinary manner, with caps, stringers, and three-inch plank. The draw was constructed of three wood slighter, which were all that could be obtained at the time. The bays being very wide, light trusses were used to prevent sagging. The ends of the draw are connected with the bridge by aprons, which allow for rise and fall of tide. These are entirely lifted from the bridge by ropes and levers when the draw is to be opened, and the latter is maneuvered by means of a small chain which passes over a windlass on the draw, and when the draw is open sags down to allow vessels to pass over it. It may be proper to state that the entire cost of this bridge to the Government was about $750, the labor, including sawing of plank and hewing of timber, having been performed by enlisted men. But for the delays caused by freshens and the non-arrival of boats for the draw, the bridge would have been completed within fifteen days from the time it was commenced.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. KING,

First Lieutenant U. S. Engineers, Actg. Chief Engineer Dept. of Virginia.

(During the month of January, 1865.)

Major General J. G. BARNARD,

Chief Engineer Combined Armies.

No. 178. Medals of Honor awarded for distinguished services under Resolution of Congress, No. 43, approved July 12, 1862, and section 6 of Act of Congress, approved March 3, 1863.

Name.	 Rank and	 Date.	 Awarded for-

 organization.

Caldwell,	 Sergeant, Company	 1865.	 Capture of flag

Daniel	 H, 13th	 	 at Hatcher's Run,

 Pennsylvania	 Feb. 6	 Va.

 Cavalry

Carter,	 Captain 3rd	 March 25	 Distinguished

Joseph F	 Maryland Infantry	 	 gallantry in

 	 	 action at Fort

 	 	 Stedman, Va.

Chambers,	 Private, Company	 March 25	 Capture of colors

Joseph B	 F, 100th 	 	 of 1st Virginia

 Pennsylvania 	 	 Infantry at

 Infantry.	 	 Petersburg, Va.

Coey,	 Major 147th New 	 Feb.6	 Distinguished

James	 York Infantry.	 	 bravery in the

 	 	 battle of

 	 	 Hatcher's Run, Va.

McDonald,	 Private, Company 	 March 25	 Capture of flag

George E	 L, 1st 	 	 at Fort Stedman,

 Connecticut Heavy	 	 near Petersburg,

 Artillery.	 	 Va.

Murphy,	 Private, Company 	 March 25	 Gallantry in

James T	 L, 1st 	 	 action before

 Connecticut Heavy 	 	 Petersburg, Va.

 Artillery.

Oliver,	 Sergeant, Company 	 March 25	 Capture of flag

Charles	 M, 100th 	 	 of 31st Georgia

 Pennsylvania 	 	 Infantry at

 Infantry.	 	 Petersburg, Va.

Sands,	 First Sergeant 	 Feb.6,7	 Distinguished

William 	 Company G, 88th 	 	 gallantry at the

 Pennsylvania 	 	 battle of

 Infantry.	 	 Dabney's Mill,

 	 	 Va.

Spillane,	 Private, Company	 Feb.5-7	 Gallantry in

Timothy	 C, 16th 	 	 action at

 Pennsylvania	 	 Hatcher's Run, Va.

 Cavalry.

Tompkins,	 Corporal, Company 	 March 25	 Capture of flag

George W	 F, 124th New	 	 of 59th

 York Infantry.	 	 Petersburg, Va.

Vandersli-	 Private, Company	 Feb.6	 Distinguished

ce, John M	 D, 8th 	 	 gallantry in

 Pennsylvania	 	 action at

 Cavalry.	 	 Hatcher's Run, Va.

