
No. 179. Reports of General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Army of Northern Virginia, of operations February 5-8 and March 25.

PETERSBURG, February 5, 1865.

(Received 2.45 p.m.)

At 11 a.m. to-day enemy forced a passage across Hatcher's Run, at Vaughan's road believed to be Second and Fourth [Fifth?] Corps, accompanied by cavalry; preparing to meet them.

R. E. LEE.

General S. COOPER, Richmond.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,February 6, 1865.

The enemy moved in strong force yesterday to Hatcher's Run. Part of his infantry, with Gregg's cavalry, crossed and proceeded on the Vaughan road-the infantry to Cat-tail Creek, the cavalry to Dinwiddie Court-House, where its advance encountered a portion of our cavalry and retired. In the afternoon parts of Hill's Gordon's troops demonstrated against the enemy on the left of Hatcher's Run, near Armstrong's Mill. Finding him entrenched they were withdrawn after dark. During the night the force that had advanced beyond the creek returned to it and were reported to be crossing. This morning Pegram's division moved down the right bank of the creek to reconnoiter, when it was vigorously attacked. The battle was obstinately contested several hours, but General Pegram being killed, while bravely encouraging his men, and Colonel Hoffman wounded, some confusion occurred, and the division was pressed back to its original position. Evans' division, ordered by General Gordon to support Pegram, charged the enemy, forced him back, but was in turn compelled to retire. Mahone's division arriving, enemy was driven rapidly to his defenses on Hatcher's Run.

Our loss is reported to be small; that of the enemy not supposed great.

R. E. LEE,

General.

General S. COOPER.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,February 8, 1865. (Received 3.55 p.m.)

The enemy yesterday made no advance from Hatcher's Run. His skirmishers, supported by a continuous line, were pushed forward against some parts of our position, but no attack was made. He still retains his position.

R. E. LEE.

Honorable JAMES A SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,February 8, 1865.

SIR: All the disposable force of the right wing of the army has been operating against the enemy beyond Hatcher's Run since Sunday. Yesterday, the most inclement day of the winter, they had to be retained in line of battle, been in the same condition the two

