
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,February 11, 1865.

I respectfully forward a report from General Gordon of the operations of the infantry west of Hatcher's Run on the 6th instant, which is more full than my dispatch of that date.

R. E. LEE,

General.
HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,March 27, 1865.

I desire to bring to the attention of the commanding general the admirable conduct of Colonel H. P. Jones, commanding artillery on my line, and the officers and men of his command, during the action at Hare's Hill, on the morning of the 25th instant. Colonel Jones at the front, personally superintending the management of the artillery, and a select body of officers and men, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Stribling, charged the enemy's breast-works with the sharpshooters of this corps, and at once turned upon the enemy the captured guns.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. GORDON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Northern Virginia.

No. 182. Report of Colonel William R. Peck, Louisiana Brigade, of operations February 5-7.
HEADQUARTERS YORK'S COMMAND,February 10, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following as the operations of my command on the 5th, 6th, and 7th instant:

In pursuance of orders from division headquarters I proceeded, on the morning of the 5th of February, to Burgess' Mill, and thence to the line of works in front of General Cook's quarters. Having marched about mile to the left along the works, we were ordered, about 4 p.m., to move across the works, following Terry's brigade. We formed line after marching about a mile to the front, Evans' brigade being on our right and Terry on our left. Being ordered to conform our movements to those of General Terry, we advanced in line to our batteries, threw forward our sharpshooters, commanded by Lieutenant R. B. Smith, Second Louisiana Regiment, and rested a short time while our batteries fired. The fire of the batteries having ceased we advanced through the field and woods until we reached General Heth's line, being exposed in the woods to some fire of musketry. At General Heth's line we halted, in accordance with the movements on our left, and rectified the line. Darkness having come on, after some firing with little result, we were ordered to retire, which the command did in good order, and, in accordance with instructions, I marched the command back to their quarters.

In obedience to orders, at sunrise on the morning of the 6th, I marched the command to Burgess' house, and was ordered back about

