
General Curtis,* and Colonels Pennypacker,* Bell, and Abbott, the brigade commanders, led them with the utmost gallantry. Curtis was wounded after fighting in the front rank, rifle in hand; Pennypacker, while carrying the standard of one of his regiments, the first man in a charge over a traverse; Bell was mortally wounded near the palisades.

Brigadier-General Paine deserves high praise for the zeal and energy displayed by him in constructing our defensive line, a work absolutely essential to our success.

Brevet Brigadier-General Blackman deserves mention for the prompt manner in which he brought his regiment up to the work, and afterward followed up the retreating enemy.

To Bvt. Brigadier General C. B. Comstock, aide-de-camp on the staff of the lieutenant-general, I am under the deepest obligations. At every step of our progress I received from him the most valuable assistance. For the final success of our part of the operations the country is more indebted to him than to me.

Colonel George S. Dodge, chief quartermaster of the Army of the James, accompanied me as chief quartermaster of the force under my command. His able and energetic performance of his multifarious duties was all that could be wished for, and reflects the highest honor upon him.

Surg. Norman S. Barnes, U. S. Volunteers, medical director, and Surg. A. J. H. Buzzell, Third New Hampshire Volunteers, medical inspector of the expedition, discharged their laborious duties on the field and in the hospital in a manner most creditable to their ability and humanity. I desire to express my high appreciation of the services of these officers.

I shall have the honor to submit a supplemental report in reference to those subordinate officers and enlisted men who distinguished themselves on this occasion.

I should signally fail to do my duty were I to omit to speak in terms of the highest admiration of the part borne by the navy in our operations. In all ranks, from Admiral Porter to his seamen, there was the utmost desire not only to do their proper work, but to facilitate in every possible manner the operations of the land forces. To him and to the untiring efforts of his officers and men we are indebted that our men, stores, tools, and ammunition were safely and expeditiously landed, and that our wounded and prisoners were embarked for transportation to the North; to the great accuracy and power of their fire it is owing that we had not to confront a formidable artillery, in the assault, and that we were able, with but little loss, to push forward the men, preparatory to it, to a point nearly as favorably for it, as the one they would have occupied had siege operations been undertaken and the work systematically approached. The assault of the sailors and marines, although it failed, undoubtedly contributed somewhat to our success, and certainly nothing could surpass the perfect skill with which the fleet was handled by its commander. Every request which I made to Admiral Porter was most cheerfully complied with, and the utmost harmony has existed between us from the outset to the present time.

I forward herewith General Ames' report.+

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Major-General.

Brigadier General JOHN A. RAWLINS, Chief of Staff, City Point, Va.

---------------

* Awarded a Medal of Honor.

+ See p.415.

---------------

