
front of me manned by the troops now in them. I shall, therefore, before moving, await the arrival of the additional troops for which I applied in my dispatch of the 13th instant, or the orders of the lieutenant-general. I respectfully request that orders may be given for sending to me the caissons, wagons, and horses of the batteries (E, Third U. S. Artillery, and the Sixteenth New York Independent Battery) now here, and a detachment of at least fifty cavalry, for duty as orderlies and couriers.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Major-General.

Brigadier General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff.

ADDENDA.

STEAMER S. R. SPAULDING,

Off Fort Fisher, January 16, 1865.

Major-General TERRY,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

The Secretary of War, in the name of the President, congratulates you and the gallant officers and soldiers of your command, and tenders you thanks for the valor and skill displayed in your part of the great achievement in the operations against Fort Fisher and in its assault and capture. The combined operations of the squadron under command of Rear-Admiral Porter and your forces deserve and will receive the thanks of the nation, and will be held in admiration throughout the world as a proof of the naval and military prowess of the United States.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 10. Washington, January 26, 1865.

The following resolution of the Senate and House of Representatives is published for the information of all concerned:

Public resolution, Numbers 6.-A resolution to present the thanks of Congress to Byt. Major General Alfred H. Terry, and the officers and men under his command.

Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of American in Congress assembled, That the thanks of Congress are hereby presented to Byt. Major General Alfred H. Terry, and to the officers and men under his command, for the unsurpassed gallantry and skill exhibited by them in the attack upon Fort Fisher, and the brilliant and decisive victory by which that important work has been captured from the rebel forces and placed in the possession and under the authority of the United States; and for their long and faithful services and unwavering devotion to the cause of the country in the midst of the greatest difficulties and dangers.

SEC. 2 And be it further resolved, That the President of the United State be, and he hereby is, requested to communicate this resolution to General Terry, and through him to the officers and soldiers under his command.

Approved January 24, 1865.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

