
Numbers 5. Report of Byt. Brigadier General Joseph C. Abbott, Seventh New Hampshire Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, First Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps, of operations January 15.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 24TH ARMY CORPS,Fisher's Island, N. C., January 17, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the storming and capture of Fort Fisher on the 15th instant:

On the morning of the latter date I was moved from near the head of Masonborough Inlet, where I had been posted since landing, and put in position on the right of General Paine's line. This position I occupied until 3.30 p. m., when I received orders to move to Fort Fisher. Reaching the fort about dark I reported to General Ames, whose division had already assaulted and carried a portion of the work, and were occupying it. By order of General Ames I first threw the Third New Hampshire Volunteers, Captain Trickey commanding, along that portion of the north face of the work already occupied by his troops, and relieved them; also, by General Ames' order I threw out the Seventh Connecticut Volunteers, Captain Marble commanding, as a picket in rear of the work, the right of the line resting on the Cape Fear River. These dispositions having been made I relieved the right of General Ames' manin line with the Sixth Connecticut Volunteers, Colonel Rockwell commanding. During this time the enemy occupied all the eastern and about one-third the northern face of the work. At about 9 o'clock, by order of General Ames, I then proceeded to dislodge the enemy from the remainder of the fort. Captain Trickey, with twenty men of the Third New Hampshire, promptly and speedily took possession of all but one of the remaining mounds on the northern face. I then advanced the Seventh New Hampshire, promptly and speedily took possession of all but one the remaining mounds on the northern face. I then advanced the Seventh New Hampshire, Lieutenant-Colonel Rollins commanding. They at once and gallantly charged up the slope, enveloping the sea angle of the work, meeting a sharp fire from the enemy, who were stationed behind the parapets and in the rear of the main work. I also advanced the Sixth Connecticut Volunteers immediately after the Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers, and the sea angle of the work was thus fully and strongly occupied. Perceiving this, the enemy at once either evacuated the whole work or surrendered.

The main work having been carried I reformed the Sixth Connecticut and the Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers, and advanced towards Battery Buchanan, situated at what is known as Federal Point. All the batteries facing these were found to be evacuated, excepting one, where the enemy at once gave themselves up without resistance. Light-House Battery was also found to be evacuated. Upon reaching Battery Buchanan I was met by the adjutant-general of the general commanding the enemy's forces, who tendered the surrender of the battery, upon which I referred him to General Terry, who would soon arrive. It was found that at this point there were about 1,000 of the enemy, including General Whiting, and more than 60 other officers. General Terry having arrived, received the surrender of the work and the force, and by his order I formed the prisoners in line and marched them first to Fort Fisher, then, by a subsequent order, moved them to the beach near the headquarters of the corps, where they were bivouacked and guarded by the Sixth Connecticut Volunteers. I then returned the remainder of the brigade to their bivouac.

