
My loss since landing is 2 officers and 23 men wounded, 5 men killed, and 4 men missing.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH C. ABBOTT,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain ADRIAN TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 6. Report of Colonel Alfred P. Rockwell, Sixth Connecticut Infantry, of operations January 15.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS,Fort Fisher, N. C., January 17, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit for the information of the colonel commanding the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the capture of Fort Fisher, N. C.:

Late in the afternoon of the 15th instant, in obedience to the orders of Colonel J. C. Abbott, Seventh New Hampshire, commanding brigade, I moved my regiment at the right of the brigade from the rear of works up by the road, passing the headquarters of the general commanding a little after sunset, and entered the fort through the sally port at the extreme left corner of the work, which had been taken by the troops of the Second Division. Here, as ordered, I proceeded to relieve the troops of the Second Division in the new line of trenches, extending from the river on the right to the traverses of the fort. This was our main line of defense at the time. The men were kept busily at work with shovels extending and thickening the breast-work. During all this time my men were much annoyed by the continuous musketry fire from the enemy, from the part of the fort still held by them, and by the occasional bursting in our midst of the shells from the navy. About 9 o'clock I was relieved by other troops from this line of trenches, and, forming my regiment, moved up, as ordered, upon the parapet and by the traverses to the angle at the sea face, in the rear of the Seventh New Hampshire. The enemy's fire had at this time entirely ceased and the fort was captured. I moved my regiment immediately down into the interior of the work, and, leaving behind the prisoners captured in the bomb proofs, formed again in the rear of the fort, upon the left of the Seventh New Hampshire. The two regiments were then advanced by Colonel Abbott, at first by the right flank, passing through in succession the detached batteries along the sea, and then in line of battle down toward Federal Point, nearly to Battery Buchanan, where a halt was ordered. The battery surrendered at once, with all the force, and the prisoners, about 1,000 in number, were marched out of the work. My regiment, with the Seventh New Hampshire,formed the guard to these prisoners, and marched them back through Fort Fisher, collecting others on the way, to the beach about two miles north of the fort, where they bivouacked.

It was then 4 o'clock in the morning (16th instant); my regiment was detailed to guard the camp of prisoners (about 1,800 in number) until about noon, when I was relieved, and marched back to my former position upon the rear line of defense.

