
obliged to lie for some time without cover, and before the work was completed we had suffered a loss of one killed and four wounded from the fire of the fleet, which dropped many shells among us. In consequence of a rise of ground in front of the right wing they were unable to fire, but the left wing engaged the enemy vigorously, driving them from two traverses, which advantage we were unable to follow up, as an advance would have necessitated an extension of our line. From this time we continued our fire, under cover of which an advance was made by other portions of the brigade, who drove the enemy into their bombaproofs, when, seeing the last traverse cleared, we ceased firing. In accordance with instructions received from Captain Caryl, inspector-general of the brigade, we remained in this position until 2 a. m., when we wee ordered to bring up the rear of a column of prisoners. Upon arriving near the headquarters of the brevet major-general commanding, we were dismissed by the brigade commander and marched to the position occupied by the regiment on the previous day.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. MARBLE,

Captain, Seventh Regimen Connecticut Volunteers.

Captain E. LEWIS MOORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 9. Report of Captain William H. Trickey, Third New Hampshire Infantry, of operations January 15.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD NEW HAMPSHIRE VOLUNTEERS,Near Fort Fisher, N. C., January 18, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with instructions received from the brevet brigadier-general commanding, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken in the affair of the 15th instant by the Third New Hampshire Volunteers:

We left our position near General Terry's headquarters, with six officers and about eighty men, at 4.30 p. m. of same date, and proceeded to Fort Fisher, where we arrived soon after dark. I was directed by Colonel Abbott, commanding brigade, to move my regiment to the extreme advance held by the Second Division and open fire the enemy; was thus engaged for nearly an hour, having to a great extent silenced the enemy's fire; was then directed by Colonel Abbott to take and hold with twenty men the next traverse in front, the remainder of my command being left in several traverses to keep up the fire upon the enemy. We took the traverse as directed, driving the enemy out. Thinking we could go farther, we charged and took the next two, with a like result. After taking the third traverse, having met with considerable resistance, I did not deem in prudent to go farther with so few men, and opened a vigorous fire upon the enemy, who was rallying for the recapture of the traverses; we held the enemy in check until the arrival of the Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers and Sixth Connecticut Volunteers, who charge and took and remainder of the work. I then assembled my command, and, under orders from Colonel Abbott, moved to the inside of the fort and collected the prisoners there; also assisted in collecting others outside of the fort and sending them to the

