
rear. After collecting all of the prisoners in the fort I sent them to the rear, remaining with a small portion of my command until 4 a. m. of the 16th instant, when I was ordered to return to the position near General Terry's headquarters.

Our casualties were as follows: 1 man killed and 5 wounded.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. TRICKEY,

Captain Third New Hampshire Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Captain E. L. MOORE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, First Div., 24th Army Corps.

Numbers 10. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Augustus W. Rollins, Seventh New Hampshire Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTH NEW HAMPSHIRE VOLUNTEERS,Before Wilmington, N. C., January 16, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Seventh Regiment New Hampshire Volunteers in the recent expedition, the attack on Fort Fisher, and other works near the mouth of Cape Fear River:

Striking camp at Laurel Hill, Va., on the 3rd instant at 11 a. m., the regiment, numbering 8 officers and 297 men, marched to Deep Bottom, crossed the pontoon over the James River, and bivouacked about two miles from Bermuda Hundred Landing until 3 a. m., January 5, when it moved to the landing and embarked at 7 a. m., on board propeller General Lyon, sailing at 9 a. m. and arriving off Fortress Monroe at 7 p. m.

At 4 p. m. January 6 sailed with fleet and arrived off Beaufort, N. C., about 7 a. m. on the 8th instant, when orders were received for ship to remain till further orders. Remained there till 9 a. m., the 12th instant, when the general Lyon was ordered to fall into line, preceded by the Prometheus; sailed to within about seven miles of Fort Fisher, arriving about midnight.

At 7 a. m. 13th instant again fell into line and moved toward the shore. At 10 a. m. went from the General Lyon on board gun-boat Nansemond, taken near the shore, landed in small boats about 12 m., and formed line at once with brigade near small batteery five miles north of Fort Fisher. Moved a short distance south, formed small rifle-pits, and bivouacked for the night. On the 14th instant the regiment was engaged in moving ammunition and commissary stores toward Fort Fisher; also moved about a mile toward the fort and bivouacked at 11.30 p. m. On the 15th instant, a. m., received orders to move and reached line of works, three miles north of fort Fisher, previously occupied by the Second Division about 12 m., the left of my regiment connecting with the right of General Paine's division, and the Third New Hampshire Volunteers on my right. Here the regiment lay till 4.30 p. m., when orders were received to fall in. At once moved by the right flank, filled out of the works to fort Fisher, reaching the sally-port at 7 p. m., where the regiment was ordered to halt for further orders. At 10 p. m., moved my regiment inside the fort, and was ordered by General Ames to take two traverses, and three if possible-the number not then

