
taken. I moved over the third traverse of the fort, and advanced rapidly inside the stockade until I reached the battery on the northeast angle of the fort, where I formed the right wing of the regiment, leaving the left in support. I then ordered a charge and captured the three remaining traverses; then pushed on by right flank and by so doing cut off the angle of the fort, moved to the right, and by a rapid and determined advance captured the remaining traverses and batteries of the fort proper, with about 350 prisoners, including one field officer and several line officers. Corpl. Erich Peterson, of the color-guard, here captured one officer and a stand of colors, which were taken possession of by Lieutenant Colonel D Klein, of the Sixth Connecticut Volunteers. The regiment was again formed and advance ordered to Battery Buchanan, When within a mile of the battery I ordered forward a skirmish-line of ten men, armed with Spencer rifles, under command of an officer, which preceded the line of battle about 100 yards. The battery, with it guns and 1,300 prisoners, was surrendered without resistance.

Among the prisoners captured were General Whiting, Colonel Lamb, and their respective staff officers. The prisoners were formed in line, and my regiment as part of the guard, the whole marching from the for to General Terry's headquarters, where the prisoners were placed under another guard. I then received orders to take my command to camp, where I arrived about 5 a. m. this day.

The conduct of both line officers and men on this occasion was particularly commendable.

Casualties-2 killed, 8 wounded, and 4 missing.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. ROLLINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers, Commanding

Captain E. LEWIS MOORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 11. Report of Brigadier General Adelbert Ames, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Fisher, N. C. January 16, 1865.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the late movements and operations of this division:

On the right of the 2nd the division, which had just returned to its camp from a demonstration against this point, received orders to prepare for a second expedition. It left camp on the 3rd, and embarked on ocean transports at Bermuda Hundred between the hours of 7 and 9 p. m. on the 4th instant.

The transport fleet sailed from Fortress Monroe on the morning of the 6th, and the troops disembarked some four miles north of Fort Fisher on the 13th instant.

At 3 p. m. on the 15th we stormed Fort Fisher. Byt. Brigadier General N. M. Curtis' brigade (the First) made a lodgment on the northwest angle of the fort. I immediately ordered up Colonel g. Pennypacker's brigade (the Second). The enemy was at once driven from behind the pali-

