
sading extending from the fort to the river, and about one-third of the work, its northwest angle, occupied by us. I then ordered up Colonel Bell's brigade (the Third), and moved it forward against and in rear of the sea-face of the work, the ground being much obstructed by the ruins of the barracks, lumber, and other rubbish. The enemy, being protected by traverses, and taking advantage of the cover afforded by magazines, &amp;c., checked our advance. Fighting of a most obstinate character continued till after dark, during which time we made considerable advancement on the left and captured about 400 prisoners. About 8 p. m. Colonel Abbott, with his brigade, completed the occupation of the face of the work extending from the ocean to the river. A general advance was now made, and the for occupied without opposition.

The conduct of the officers and men of this division was most gallant. Aided by the fire of the navy, and an attacking column of sailors and marines along the sea beach, we wee able to pass over the open ground in front of the fort through the gaps in the palisading in the ditch made by the naval fire, and finally to carry the work.

Where the name of every officer and man engaged in this desperate conflict should be submitted, I shall at present only be able to give a few of those most conspicuous. It is to be hoped they all may be properly rewarded.

Byt. Brigadier General N. M. Curtis, commanding First Brigade, was prominent throughout the day for his bravery, coolness, and judgment. His services cannot be over-estimated. He fell a short time before dark seriously wounded in the head by a canister-shot.

Colonel G. Pennypacker, commanding Second Brigade, was seriously wounded while planting his colors on the third traverse of the work. This officer was surpassed by none, and hid absence during the day most deeply felt and seriously regretted.

Colonel L. Bell, commanding Third Brigade, was mortally wounded while crossing the bridge in advance of the palisading. He was an able and efficient officer; one not easily replaced.

I here submit the names of the regimental commanders, and in connection with the brigade commanders is the credit due them for the heroes conduct of their men:

Regimental commanders First Brigade: One hundred and forty-second New York Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel A. M. Barley; One hundred and seventeenth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel F. X. Meyer; One hundred and twelfth New York Volunteers, Colonel J. F. Smith; Third New York Volunteers, Lieutenant E. A. Behan. Second Brigade: Forty-eighth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel W. B. Coan; Seventy-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel J. S. Littell; Forty-seventh New York Volunteers, Captain J. M. McDonald; Two hundred and third Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel J. W. Moore; Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, First Lieutenant J. Wainwright.* Third Brigade: One hundred and sixty-ninth New York Volunteers, Colonel Alonzo Alden; Thirteenth Indiana Volunteers, Lieutenant col. S. M. Zent; Fourth New Hamsphire Volunteers, Captain J. H. Roberts; One hundred and fifteenth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel N. J. Johnson.

Colonel J. W. Moore, Two hundred and third Pennsylvania Volunteers, behaved with the most distinguished gallantry. He was killed while passing the second traverse of the fort, in advance of his regiment, waving his colors. Few equaled, none surpassed this brave officer.

---------------

*Awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

