
Lieutenant Colonel S. M. Zent, in command of the Thirteenth Indiana, with his own regiment and a detachment of volunteers from the First Brigade, numbering in all 100 men, deployed within 200 or 300 yards of the fort, and by their fire materially aided our advance.

Major J. H. Lawrence, Thirteenth Indiana Volunteers, and Lieutenant Colonel J. A. Colvin, One hundred and sixty-ninth New York Volunteers, also behaved in the most gallant manner, and rendered efficient service in collecting and organizing the troops which had become separated from their commands in the charge, and in leading them to positions where important advantages were gained. Captain G. W. Huckins, Fourth New Hamsphire Volunteers, and First Lieutenant J. Kinigs, Seventh U. S. Colored Troops, aides on the staff of Colonel L. Bell, commanding Third Brigade, were untiring in their labors, and rendered valuable services in the absence of my staff officers, who had been stricken down in the early part of the engagement.

Privates Alric Chapin, James Spring, Company G, One hundred and forty-second, and D. C. Hotchkiss, Company A, O. R. Kingsland, Company D, One hundred and twelfth New York Volunteers, volunteered to approach to a point considerably in advance of our skirmish line, which they did do, and by this strip valuable information with reference to the ditch was gained. Privates James Cadman (wounded), William Cabe, Company B; George Hoyt, S. R. Porteous, Company C; D. H. Morgan, Edward Petrie, Company E; E. H. Cooper, Company G (wounded); Silas Baker, Company H (missing); George Merell, William J. McDuff, Company I; Z. C. Neahr*, Bruce Anderson, Company K, One hundred and forty-second New York Volunteers, volunteered to advance with the head of the column and cut down the palisading.

Copies of the reports of the brigade commanders will be forwarded. In them will be found lists of officers and men who particularly distinguished themselves. It is recommended that medals be bestowed upon all enlisted men mentioned.

To my staff officers am I particularly indebted for their zeal and gallantry throughout the day. They were constantly passing to and from, and exposed to the hottest fire. I would respectfully recommend that they be brevetted for their services: Captain Charles A. Carleton, assistant adjutant-general; Captain A. G. Lawrence, acting aide-de-camp; Captain H. C. Lockwood, aide-de-camp; Captain R. W. Dawson, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain J. S. Mathews, provost-marshal; Captain B. B. Keeler, mustering officer.

Captain Lawrence was the first man through the palisading, and while extending his land to receive a guidon which he intended to place on the parapet of the work, a shell exploded near him, taking off his left arm and seriously injuring his throat. He was afterward shot in the right arm. For his services on this occasion, as well as those on a former one, I most earnestly urge his promotion. Captain Dowson was disabled by a wound in the left arm. To Captain Lockwood, General Whiting and Colonel Lamb surrendered, with the garrison at Fort Buchanan.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. AMES,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Captain A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

27 R R-VOL XLVI, PT I

