
One hundred and seventeenth New York Volunteers was planted-the first colors on the fort. The first squad of prisoners was taken by the One hundred and seventeenth New York Volunteers, the second by the One hundred and forty-second New York Volunteers. General Curtis was seriously wounded about 4.30 p. m., while gallantly fighting at the head of his command.

The great confusion consequent upon the peculiar character of the assault, and the confined position of the troops on the parapet, render a more particular report of the progress of the brigade after reaching the work impossible. Such portions of the command as could be collected were formed in the fort after the surrender, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Barley, and marched to Pilotsville.

I have the report the loss of many valuable officers, a nominal list of whom is forwarded herewith. In the absence of General Curtis I have left the special mention of officers and men to the regimental commander under whose immediate command the services were rendered. I forward herewith a list of casualties.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. DAGGETT,

Colonel 117th New York Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain CHARLES A. CARLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 13. Report of Major Oliver P. Harding, Two hundred and third Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations January 15.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 24TH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, N. C., January 17, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the part taken by the Second Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps, composed of the Two hundred and thrid, Seventy-sixth, and Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, Forty-eighth and Forty-seventh New York Volunteers, in the assault on Fort Fisher the 15th instant:

In compliance with instructions from General Ames, the brigade was formed in line of battle in rear of the First Brigade, the right resting on the Cape Fear River and the left about 300 yards from the seabeach. The brigade was formed in this position about 2 p. m., and at about 3 p. m. was ordered to assault the fort, which was done in a gallant manner and under a heavy fire of both grape and musketry, and entered the fort through the sallyport near the river. The Two hundred and third Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanded by Colonel J. W. Moore, was the first to enter the fort, closely followed by the Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanded by First Lieutenant John Wainwright. The colors of each of those regiments reached the top of the parapet about the same time, those of the Ninety-seventh borne by Colonel Pennypacker and of the Two hundred and third by Colonel Moore.

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 405.

---------------

