
Colonel Pennypacker was seriously wounded while planting his colors on the third traverse, and Colonel Moore fell dead while passing the second traverse, waving his colors and commanding his men to follow.

After entering the fort the brigade became somewhat broken up; nevertheless both officers and men behaved gallantly until its capture.

Colonel J. S. Littell, commanding Seventy-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, was severely wounded at the head of his regiment while passing over the rise of ground just outside the fort. Major Charles Knerr then took command, and led his men during the remainder of the engagement.

Lieutenant Colonel William B. Coan, commanding Forty-eighth New York Volunteers, was severely wounded while forming his regiment in line just before the assault, and was obliged to be sent to the rear. Major Nere A. Elfwing then assumed command, and took a prominent part during the engagement.

Captain J. M. McDonald, commanding Forty-seventh New York Volunteers, and First Lieutenant John Wainwright, commanding Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, both commanded their regiments with much coolness.

After the fall of Lieutenant-Colonel Lyman, Two hundred and third Pennsylvania Volunteers, who fell on the sixth traverse, I commanded the regiment until about 5 p. m., when ordered by General Ames to take command of the brigade, which I immediately organized.

The total loss of the brigade was-6 commissioned offices killed and 16 wounded; enlisted men, 45 killed and 215 wounded; total, 280, a nominal list of which has already been forwarded.

Respectfully transmitted.

O. P. HARDING,

Major 203rd Pennsylvania Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain C. A. CARLETON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps.

Numbers 14. Report of Captain Heber B. Essington, Two hundred and third Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations January 15.
HDQRS. 203rd REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,January 17, 1865.

SIR: In accordance with your directions with respect to making a report of the part taken by the various regiments in the late action, I would respectfully report as follows:

The regiment charged on the right of the Second Brigade, and was the first regimen of the brigade to enter the fort, going in with the First Brigade. After having assisted in capturing the first two mounds a portion of the regiment went with the First Brigade over the traverses, and the remainder went to the right and stationed themselves behind a bank in the open field south of the fort. The latter portion then charged across the plain, by order of the commanding general, until opposite the seventh or eighth traverse, where they threw up an embankment with their tin plates and shovels, which they held until the fort surrendered, keeping up a steady fire upon the enemy. The first portion which went around the traverses after they had reached

