
Numbers 16. Report of Major Ezra L. Walrath, One hundred and fifteenth New York Infantry, of operations January 15.
HEADQUARTERS 115TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Fort Fisher, N. C., January 17, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of non-commissioned officers and privates of this regiment who signally distinguished themselves on the 15th instant at the assault and capture of Fort Fisher: Sergt. Peter J. Keck, color bearer, was one of the first to reach the enemy's works and planting the colors on the first traverse, and it seemed as a matter of strife between him and the brave color bearer of the Thirteenth Indiana Volunteers, as they clambered side by side the other traverses and planted their respective flags. Sergeant Keck was wounded in the early part of the engagement, but he remained until the fort was surrendered. He

has been complimented on several occasions by commanding officers during the campaigns of Florida, and of the Army of the James, for bravery and good conduct while engaged with the enemy. He has been wounded twice during the war.

Corpl. Alonzo Van Evera, one of the color guard, also distinguished himself for bravery by climbing the works and bringing away the rebel colors that were near one of the guns of the fort.

Corpl. Albon W. Hanner and Private Georgia W. Kennincutt are deserving much praise for responding to the call made by the general commanding the division for volunteers to go into a small building on the north side of the fort and from that point fire upon and silence a howitzer battery placed at the west front of the fort. Corporal Hanner, with five men, remained there until four were killed.

I would further state that the regiment was in command of Lieutenant Colonel Nathan J. Johnson, who, with one wing of the regiment, passed along the traverses in succession, while Major E. L. Walrath, with the other portion, passed through the interior opposite Colonel Johnson's command, until our forces had reached the seventh traverse, when Major Walrath was detailed to take command of the First Brigade (General Curtis being severely wounded).

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. L. WALRATH,

Major, Commanding the Regiment.

Captain GEORGE W. HUCKINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 17. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James A. Colvin, One hundred and sixty-ninth New York Infantry, of operations January 15.
HEADQUARTERS 169TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Fort Fisher, N. C., January 17, 1865.

The undersigned haste honor to report that upon the opening of the engagement of 15th instant Colonel Alonzo Alden was in command of the regiment, but on reaching the enemy's works assumed command of the brigade, Colonel Bell being wounded. The undersigned then took command of the regiment.

