
It would seem almost invidious to make any special mention of officers and men, when all did their duty with unparalleled gallantry and zeal. The undersigned can bear testimony that every officer led his men, and the men vied with each other to obtain the front.

Colonel Alonzo Alden was distinguished for his accustomed coolness and bravery.

Major J. H. Allen was shot through the arm and leg, but persisted in remaining with the command.

Capts. Daniel Ferguson, James H. Dunn, Charles D. Merrell, J. H. Warren, and E. W. Church were distinguished for their coolness and gallantry.

Lieuts. J. H. Straight, wounded, Michael Ryan, killed, Michael Russell, wounded, all in command of companies, were the right men in the right placed. After the death of Lieutenant Ryan, Lieutenant J. B. Foote assumed command of his company and led it gallantly.

Lieutenant Eugene Van Santvoord also deserves mention.

Lieutenant E. r. Mosher was hit by a spent ball on the 13th instant. He went into action on the 15th, being obliged to use a cane; he hopped into the fight, leading his men.

Other officers distinguished themselves; indeed, all deserve mention. The undersigned has mentioned such as came particularly under his notice.

Accompanying will be found a list* of the enlisted men who distinguished themselves; also a full report of losses in action.+

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. COLVIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 169th New York Volunteers.

Captain GEORGE W. HUCKINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 18. Report of Brigadier General Charles J. Paine U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, Twenty-fifth Army Corps, of operations January 13-19.
HEADQUARTERS NORTH LINE, U. S. FORCES,Federal Point, N. C., January 20, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to instructions from expedition headquarters, I have the honor to submit, for the information of the major-general commanding, the following report of the operations of my command since disembarking at this point:

The troops of my command commenced to disembark about 10 a. m. 13th instant, and by 3 p. m. the last of the troops wee on the beach. After an inspection of ammunition, and replacing that which was damaged, I moved, pursuant to orders, my command by the flank, with skirmishers in advance and flankers on the right, down the beach to the earth-work known as "Flag Pond Battery." At that point I received orders to strike across the peninsula to the Cape Fear River. The Fifth and Thirty-seventh Regiments of the Third Brigade had the advance, moving through the swamp in line of battle, the Fifth Regiment on the right, the remainder of the division moving across by the flank and close up with the advance. The advance reached Cape Fear River soon after dark without opposition, and a strong line of breastworks was immediately constructed, running from the river on the left in

---------------

*Not found.

+Embodied in table, p. 405.

---------------

