
Numbers 19. Report of Byt. Brigadier General Albert M. Blackman, Twenty-seventh U. S. Colored Troops, Third Brigade, of operations January 15.
HEADQUARTERS,Federal Point, Fort Buchanan, N. C., January 16, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my command in the operations of last evening:

I received orders from Brigadier-General Paine about 7 o'clock last evening to proceed to Fort Fisher and report to General Ames. I proceeded as rapidly as possible, but on arriving at the bridge near the fort I found the way obstructed by troops. I ordered the men to lie down, and proceeded in person to General Ames within the fort and reported. From him I received orders to retire beyond the range of sharpshooters, stack arms, and return with my men and proceed to the construction of covered ways to enter the fort. I marching to the rear I met Major-General Terry, who ordered me to proceed to his headquarters, and await further orders. At a quarter before 10 o'clock I received orders to march to the fort. On arriving I was informed that the enemy had evacuated, and was ordered to join in pursuit, which order I promptly obeyed, and on arriving at this place was first to receive the surrender of the enemy.

The losses in the command were 1 enlisted man killed and 4 wounded.

After this fort was taken I was placed in command by Major-General Terry in person.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. M. BLACKMAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain C. A. CARLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 20. Proceedings of a Court of Inquiry constituted to examine into the cause of the explosion of the powder magazine.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Numbers 9. Fort Fisher, N. C., January 20, 1865.

I. A board of inquiry, to consist of the officers named below, is constituted to examine into the cause of the explosion of the magazine of Fort Fisher on the morning of the 16th instant. The board will meet at these headquarters at 3 p. m. this day, and will render their report as soon as possible, consistently with a full investigation of the circumstances.

Detail for the court: Byt. Brigadier General J. C. Abbott, commanding Second Brigade, First Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps; Lieutenant Colonel A. M. Barney, One hundred and forty-second New York Volunteers; Captain George F. Towle, Fourth New Hampshire Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general.

The board will sit without regard to hours.

By order of Major General A. H. Terry:

ADRIAN TERRY,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

