
Question. Was there any officer of the guard under you; if so, his name?

Answer. Lieutenant Theodore Reifle, Thirteenth Indiana Volunteers, was under me.

Question. In stationing the guard did you receive specific instructions or did you exercise your own judgment?

Answer. I used me own judgment.

Question. State how you proceed to make the disposition for guard.

Answer. I commenced on the northwest corner and examined each traverse, placing a guard wherever I found an entrance; did not go so farads the mound; placed a guard there next morning.

Question. When stationing your guard was your attention called to this reserve magazine?

Answer. It was not; I was informed after the explosion that the One hundred and sixty-ninth New York Volunteers had placed a guard there.

Question. Was the One hundred and sixty-ninth New York Volunteers stationed there?

Answer. They were very near, just at the base on the south side.

Question. What regiments were stationed there?

Answer. The One hundred and sixty-ninth and One hundred and fifteenth New York and Fourth New Hampshire Volunteers. Those of the Thirteenth Indiana not on guard were outside. The three first named were in the area inside the fort, and between the main and service magazines.

By the RECORDER:

Question. Were those men soldiers, sailors, or marines who were seen to enter the magazine?

Answer. They were colored troops.

Lieutenant Colonel NATHAN J. JOHNSON, One hundred and fifteenth New York Volunteers, commanding Third Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps, being duly sworn, deposed as follows:

At the time of the explosion I was commanding the One hundred and fifteenth New York Volunteers. I was on the parapet when the explosion took place, nearly north and opposite the magazine. I immediately went down toward the scene of the explosion. Before reaching it I came across two wires, one solid copper, the other, I should judge, a submarine wire, composed of seven small ones inclosed in rubber, leading from the magazine toward the Cape Fear River in a northwesterly direction. I cut both for fear of further explosions, and then proceeded to examine the cavity of the exploded magazine. The wires were on the surface of the ground for some distance toward the river, but entered the earth near where I cut them. Am uncertain whether or not they were covered by the earth from the exploded magazine.

By the RECORDER:

Question. Were guards placed on the magazine?

Answer. I know there were on some, but don't known whether there were on this.

By the COURT:

Question. Was the whole brigade inside the inclosure?

Answer. It was, but most of the Thirteenth Indiana were detached previous to entering the fort.

Question. Did those regiments inside have fires?

Answer. They did.

By the RECORDER:

