
Question. How near were any fires to the magazine?

Answer. Not nearer than four rods.

Question. Were any as near as six rods?

Answer. There were, I should think.

Question. Did you see any persons going in the bomb-proofs with lights?

Answer. I did not.

By the COURT:

Question. Did you examine this magazine?

Answer. I did that evening.

Question. Were there two entrances?

Answer. I saw but one.

Question. Was this one towards the fire?

Answer. It was not; it was on the opposite side of the mound.

Question. When you saw the wire did you suppose this the cause of the explosion?

Answer. I did.

Question. Did any one follow up the wire?

Answer. Some of the engineers, I understood, but am not certain.

Question. Were men at liberty to run around the fort as they pleased?

Answer. So far as I know they were kept out of the bomb-proofs; otherwise they went around the fort at liberty-sailors and marines; some of the marines were intoxicated, and firing off their pistols.

Question. Were measures taken to restore order immediately after the capture of the fort at 10 o'clock?

Answer. Should judge it was 1 o'clock on the morning of the 16th before a guard was posted; should think the guard was posted as soon as possible.

Major EZRA L. WALRATH, One hundred and fifteenth New York Volunteers, being duly sworn, deposed as follows:

I saw the explosion; was near the seventh or eighth traverse. Immediately examined the ruins, and picked up the conical end of a torpedo which had burnt powder on the end and had certainly been at some time exploded. I saw a great many marines and sailors about the works, who were passing in and out of the magazines in search of plunder. They would light matches inside and let them burn to see what was in the magazine. Saw some wires running from the Cape Fear River toward the exploded magazine which I cut with my knife. these wires ran into the earth thrown up by the explosion, and were exposed at various places, ten or fifteen feet at a time, running toward the river. The torpedo was found in the ruins of the magazine. A great many of the marines were intoxicated.

By the RECORDER:

Question. How near was the nearest fire to this magazine?

Answer. I should judge about seventy-five feet.

By the COURT:

Question. Had you examined this magazine?

Answer. Only from the outside; saw the entrance, but did not go near it; no guards were on it; saw four or five marines near the entrance, apparently just entering or coming out.

