
III. That soldiers, sailors, and marines were running about with lights in the fort, entering bombproof with these lights, intoxicated and discharging fire-arms.

IV. that persons were seen with lights searching for plunder in the main magazine some ten or fifteen minutes previous to the explosion.

The court do not attach any importance to the report that a magnetic wire connected this work with some work on the opposite side of the Cape Fear River.

OPINION.

The opinion of the court, therefore, is that the explosion was the result of carelessness on the part of persons to them unknown.

The court then adjourned since die.

JOSEPH C. ABBOTT,

Brevet Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, President of Court.

GEORGE F. TOWLE,

Captain Fourth New Hampshire Volunteers, Acting Assistant Inspector-General and Recorder.

Numbers 21. Medals of Honor awarded for distinguished services under Resolution of Congress, Numbers 43, approved July 12, 1862, and section 6 of Act of Congress, approved March 3, 1863.

Name.	 Rank and	 Date.	 Awarded for-

 organization.

Curtis, N.	 Brevet	 1865. Jan 15	 For

Martin	 Brigadier-	 	 distinguished

 General.	 	 personal

 	 	 bravery in the

 	 	 assault and

 	 	 capture of

 	 	 Fort Fisher,

 	 	 N. C.

Neahr,	 Private,	 Jan. 16.	 Having

Zachariah C	 Company K,	 	 volunteered to

 142nd New York	 	 cut down the

 Infantry.	 	 palisading at

 	 	 Fort Fisher,

 	 	 N. C.

Pennypacker,	 Colonel 97th	 Jan. 15.	 For bravery in

Galusha	 Pennsylvania	 	 the battle of

 Infantry.	 	 Fort Fisher,

 	 	 N. C.

Wainwright,	 First	 Jan. 15.	 For gallant

John 	 Lieutenant	 	 and

 97th	 	 meritorious

 Pennsylvania	 	 conduct at the

 Infantry.	 	 storming of

 	 	 Fort Fisher,

 	 	 N. C.

Numbers 22. Report of General Braxton Bragg, C. S. Army, commanding Department of North Carolina, of operations January 13-15.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Wilmington, N. C., January 20, 1865.

COLONEL: About midnight on the 12th instant information reached me from Fort Fisher that the enemy's fleet was again assembling off New Inlet. The troops were promptly disposed to meet the movement, and orders and instructions were given to the several commanders for their guidance. Major-General Whiting repaired to Fort Fisher, and called to the assistance of that garrison, now 1,200 strong, about 600 men from the adjacent forts. Major-General Hoke, with all the movable force, about 6,000 effectives, including reserves and cavalry, took position on the peninsula north of Fort Fisher to watch the enemy and confront his land force should they disembark in that region.

