
saw but one person who seemed to have his wits about him. He was a captain; his name and regiment I did not learn. He stated that the enemy entered Fisher about two and a half hours before sunset; that from that time until dark fighting continued in the fort; that the enemy continued to pour in troops upon them, and that about dark resistance ceased. I did not learn from him whether any opposition was made to their entrance in the first place. In fact I heard no one mention that fighting occurred anterior to the time of entrance. My conversation with this officer was broken off by the approach of the enemy's skirmishers. They came to within fifty or seventy-five yards of us and halted. After consulting with Lieutenant Colquitt we dispatched one of the crew of notify the general. Before he returned their line of battle also moved up and halted. In the moonlight it was distinctly visible. When the general returned we pointed out to him their position. He at once decided to leave. Just as we were getting aboard they made a rush for the fort. Their right passed us not more than thirty yards distant. As silently as possible we showed off and made our escape. After getting off we passed a boat of the enemy in the river. Whilst upon the point I saw but one of our men armed. He was a drunken marine, and offered to shoot Lieutenant Colquitt.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

HARRY ESTILL,

Ordnance Officer, Coquitt's Brigade.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.] HEADQUARTERS HOKE'S DIVISION, Sugar Loaf, N. C., January 17, 1865.

COLONEL: In reply to your communication of this morning, requiring a statement of what I saw and heard at Battery Buchanan on the night of the 15th instant, I have the honor to submit the following report:

In obedience to orders from Major-General Hoke I staged with General Colquitt about 9 p. m. to bring back to commanding general such reliable information as to the condition of things at Fort Fisher as General Colquitt might deem it proper to send. We reached the point about 11 p. m.; landed about a quarter of a mile from Battery Buchanan, and proposed walking to Fisher, a distance, as we were informed, of about two miles. We had proceeded about 150 or 200 yards when we were met by a Captain Munn, with fifteen or twenty men, who, in an excited manner, told us that the enemy had full possession of the fort; that it had been evacuated a half hour before by General Whiting, who, with the remains of the garrison, was at Battery Buchanan, and that the enemy were at that time advancing down the peninsula but short distance in their rear. It not being deemed prudent to go farther, we returned to the boat and rowed up the beach to communicate, if possible, with General Whiting or Colonel Lamb, and learn at least something to verify the report of the fall of Fisher. Landing at the battery, General Colquitt proceeded in search of General Whiting. He found Colonel Lamb lying on a litter a the foot of the parapet, and reported to be seriously wounded in the thing. He had a few moment's conversation with him, and then turned aside to look for General Whiting, when he was met by one of the crew of our boat, stating that the enemy was advancing in line of battle, and were at that time in 100 yards of the beach, and that if he would escape he must return to the boat immediately. He did so, and we hardly escaped, the attention of the enemy being directed to the large num-

