
The losses were in horses over 100, including the officers' and quartermaster's horses; in quartermaster stores, very small; in commissary stores, about 10,000 rations complete. In arms and equipments, I estimate the loss of the Thirty-fourth Ohio Volunteers Infantry at 250 arms and 300 equipments, and of the Eighth Ohio Volunteers Cavalry at 390 arms and equipments for about 300 men.

The number of men of the Eighth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry now at Philippi is 381, and of the Thirty-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry is 115. Total number of arms of all kinds, 241, and 36 sabers, and nearly 20 rounds of ammunition to the man.

On arrival at Philippi I took immediate measures to have ammunition sent from Clarksburg, and instructed Lieutenant-Colonel Youart to promptly make requisition for arms for his regiment.

Owing to the late disaster, and the fact that many of the men now at Philippi and unarmed, the condition of the troops there is very loose and unsatisfactory.

After a careful examination I can not but come to the conclusion that the disaster was the result of a laxity of discipline, carelessness, and and unsatisfactory.

After a careful examination I can not but come to the conclusion that the disaster was the result of a laxity of discipline, carelessness, and insufficiency of guard.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain THAYER MELVIN, Asst. Adjt. General, Cumberland, Md.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,January 28, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to headquarters Middle Military Division.

Upon hearing of the surprise and capture of Beverly, I sent two trusty staff officers to examine into and report upon the affair; their report has been forwarded. I herewith forward the report of Colonel Wilkinson, and recommend that Lieutenant Colonel R. Youart, Eighth Ohio Cavalry, and Lieutenant Colonel L. Furney, Thirty-fourth Ohio Volunteers, be dismissed the service for disgraceful neglect of their commands, and for permitting themselves to be surprised and the greater portion of their commands captured, in order that worthy officers may fill their places, which they have proved themselves incompetent to hold.

GEORGE CROOK,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

Report of casualties in the Eighth Ohio Cavalry and Thirty-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, at Beverly, W. Va., January 11, 1865.

Killed. Wounded. Prisoners.

Regimen	 Officer	 Men.	 Officer	 Men.	 Officer	 Men.

t.	 s.	 	 s.	 	 s.

Eighth	 .......	 5	 1	 16	 6	 332

Ohio

Cavalry

Thirty-	 .......	 1	 .......	 6	 2	 240

fourth

Ohio

Infantr

y

 .......	 6	 1	 22	 8	 572

R. YOUART,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS POST COMMANDANT, Philippi, W. Va.

29 R R-VOL XLVI, PT I

