
Numbers 2. Report of General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS,January 15, 1865.

General Early reports that Rosser, at the head of 300 men, surprised and captured the garrison at Beverly, Randolph County, on the 11th instant, killing and wounding a considerable number and taking 580 prisoners. His loss slight.

R. E. LEE.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON.

JANUARY 11 - 15, 1865. - Scout from New Creek through Greenland Gap to Franklin, W. Va.

Report of Major Elias S. Troxel, Twenty-second Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SECOND PENNSYLVANIA VOL. CAVALRY,Camp New Creek, W. Va., January 18, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit a report of the recent scout which I commanded.

I left camp with 200 men on the 11th instant, and proceeded, via Greenland Gap, to Petersburg, marching rapidly for the purpose of surprising the enemy which I had reason to believe were in some force at that place. When I arrived there I found about 100 of McNeill's and Woodson's command on the opposite side of the river, and it impassable from recent rains. From Petersburg I moved up the North Fork, the enemy following me as far as practicable on opposite side of river to learn my destination.

Arriving at the mouth of Seneca on the evening of the 13th, and communicating with Captain Boggs, of Home Guards, I at once took measures to guard all the passes to prevent information being conveyed to the enemy of my whereabouts. Captain Boggs reported to me with forty men the same evening, and I determined at once to march to Franklin and attack the enemy, who were reported to have four companies with two pieces of artillery at that place. After a toilsome march across the mountains during the night, I arrived near the place about 5 o'clock in the morning and made the proper dispositions of the troops and charged the town, expecting to find the enemy quartered in the court-house, but to my disappointment found the place evacuated, the enemy having received notice of my coming a few hours previous, and fled to the mountains. After a short stay I retraced my steps toward Seneca, the rebels firing on me at every convenient point and wounding one horse. I reached Seneca the same evening and returned to camp, via Petersburg, from which place I drove McNeill's command, they scattering to the mountains and, eluding pursuit, firing on me from the mountain sides. From Petersburg I returned, via Burlington, without losing any portion of my command.

