
It is only justice to the officers and men of my command to say that they behaved in the most soldierly manner on the march and in the apparent face of the enemy, and did all they could to make the expedition a success.

I would particularly mention valuable services by Captain Boggs, of Home Guards, and also that I did not deem it advisable to arrest any citizens for the reason that I could not get definite information particularly criminating any one person. Hoping the report will be deemed satisfactory,

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

E. S. TROXEL,

Major Twenty-second Pennsylvania Cavalry, Commanding Scout.

First Lieutenant W. L. MCMASTERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

JANUARY 18, 1865. - Affair near Lovettsville, Va.

Report of Brigadier General Thomas C. Devin, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, First Cavalry Division, Middle Military Division.

LOVETTSVILLE, January 30, 1865.

Your dispatch received at midnight of Tuesday, January 17. Colonel White, of Rosser's cavalry, with a force said by citizens to number 220 men, crossed the Short Hill by a mountain path within five miles of Harper's Ferry, and surprised the vedettes of Sixth New York on that road without a shot; charged the reserve, who were all on hand and resisted stoutly, but were forced back on the camp. The men of the Sixth turned out of their huts, formed in their streets, and in three minutes flanked and drove White out of the camp, killing 3 of his men, who were found, and wounding, more or less severely, 11, who were carried off. As soon as the Sixth could obtain permission they saddled and followed White to Purcellville, but could not overtake him.

Two men of the Sixth were killed and five wounded. Lieutenant Carroll was mortally wounded by an officer who had surrendered to him; the fellow got away.

The Sixth lost 8 horses; 11 of Whitee's horses were found wounded on the road by the pursuing party. It was a stormy night, and the tracks showed that the vedettes were surprised by dismounted men. The affair occurred just before my return to camp.

Respectfully,

THOS. C. DEVIN,

Brigadier-General.

Captain HAYDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

