
and afterward the skirmish line, though a young officer, performed his duties in such a manner as to show that his judgment can be trusted in affairs of that kind.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH C. ABBOTT,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain SOLON A. CARTER, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain John Thompson, Seventh Connecticut Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTH REGIMENT CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS,Near Fort Fisher, N. C., January 20, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in a reconnaissance made on the 19th of January, 1865:

In obedience to orders received from Brevet Brigadier-General Abbott commanding the brigade, at 11 o'clock a detachment of the regiment (numbering four commissioned officers and thirty-seven enlisted men) moved from its position to the head of Myrtle Sound. From there the regiment advanced as skirmishers to the rear of the Half-Moon Battery, and were fired upon by a party of the enemy, numbering about seventy-five men, strongly entrenched. Here the command was obliged to halt, owing to the severity of the fire from the rebels, until another portion of the brigade was sent in upon the right flank of the work. Seeing it surrounded the command charged upon the enemy, capturing 2 officers and 54 men. After halting here for some time I sent forward, by General Abbott's direction, First Lieutenant Willard Austin and twelve men, with orders to draw the fire of the enemy, who were posted behind a strong line of works about one-quarter of a mile in our immediate front. Lieutenant Austin advanced his skirmishers to the edge of a swamp, and within about 100 yards of the rebel works, but although he ascertained their position he was unable to fully develop their fire. While on the skirmish line Lieutenant Austin was slightly wounded in the right shoulder by a shell from one of our gun-boats. Remaining in this position until dark we received orders from General Abbott to withdraw our skirmishers and return to camp, which we reached at 7 p. m.

I take pleasure in commending to your favorable notice Adjt. Albert M. Holden, who performed his duties on this trying occasion with marked ability and courage. Adjutant Holden is a young officer of much promise, and deserves honorable mention for gallant and meritorious conduct in this as well as previous engagements.

Justice to the deserving leads me to also commend the action of First Lieutenant Willard Austin, of my command, who performed, with greatest acceptance, a most difficult and dangerous duty, being instructed by General Abbott to advance with a detachment of men considerably beyond our main line, in order to draw the enemy's fire.

I inclose a list of casualties with this report.*

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN THOMPSON,

Captain, Seventh Connecticut Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

Brigadier General H. J. MORSE, Adjutant-General State of Connecticut.

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 officer and 3 men wounded and 2 men missing.

---------------

