
On the road a number of houses were searched, but nothing resulted from it. No enemy was found, nor were there any traces of any having been there during the last six months. Three colts, the property of Mr. Kline, were brought in, and in my opinion to obtain possession of the said colts was the only object Mr. Kline had in starting the expedition. To Captain Jones and Lieutenant Fowler, both of the Eighth Illinois Cavalry, great praise is due for the manner in which they arranged and carried out the programme submitted by me upon reports based upon Kline's statement.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

GEO. R. MAGUIRE,

Lieutenant and Provost-Marshal.

Colonel WILLIAM GAMBLE,

Commanding First Separate Brigade.

FEBRUARY 11, 1865. - Affair at Williamsburg, Va.

Report of Lieutenant Ira L. Dudley, Sixteenth New York Heavy Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTERY L, SIXTEENTH NEW YORK VOL ARTY.,February 11, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to state that our picket-post at Williamsburg was surprised this morning about 3 o'clock by a party of rebel cavalry, numbering from twenty to twenty-five men, who advanced by the Richmond road. The vedette on the Richmond road challenged them, and, receiving no reply, attempted to discharge his carbine, but the cap snapped. He then retreated on the reserve, but was wounded in two places. The enemy then advanced as far as the reserve, evidently with the design of capturing the horses there stationed. I regret to state that they succeeded so far in their object, capturing 4 and killing 1.

The following casualties occurred in the force stationed at the reserve: Private Hall, Company H, Twentieth New York Cavalry; Privates Belden and Dix, Company G, Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry, and Private Libee, Company D, Sixteenth New York Volunteer Artillery, wounded; Private Cowan, Company D, Sixteenth New York Volunteer Artillery, missing; Private Gannon, Company D, Sixteenth New York Volunteer Artillery, killed; 3 horses, Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry, captured; 1 horse, First New York Mounted Rifles, killed, and 1 captured.

I have to state that, as soon as the alarm was brought into camp, Captain Bouve, Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry, and Lieutenant David Earle, First New York Mounted Rifles, lost not a moment in turning out their respective commands.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRA L. DUDLEY,

First Lieutenant Company L, Officer of the Day.

Major JULIUS C. HICKS,

Commanding Post.

[Indorsement.]

The rebel cavalry were dressed in Union uniforms, and deceived our pickets at first by pretending to be our men; they were soon found out, and we opened fire upon them, and there were a number of them

