
prove that I am not responsible for the failure. A man has just arrived who hid in a thicket, and says he saw a party of about 600 of the enemy moving toward Shepherd's Ford.

I have omitted, heretofore, to state that a party, under Lieutenant Baker, of corps headquarters, captured the quartermaster's camp of Mosby's command. There was no property but one wagon and one ambulance, two horses and six mules in it. We brought the horses and mules along, but they, with the rest, were lost in the fight.

Trusting, general, that you will grant me a court of inquiry at the earliest practicable moment,

I remain, your obedient servant,

THOS. GIBSON,

Major, Commanding Detachment.

Major WILL RUMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Cavalry Division.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain Henry E. Snow, Twenty-first New York Cavalry.

CAMP TWENTY-FIRST NEW YORK VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,

Camp Averell, Va., February 18 [19], 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I was detailed yesterday, the 18th instant, to take command of 100 men of the Twenty-first (Griswold's Light) New York Cavalry, and report to Major Gibson, of the Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, for scout. Left camp at 6 p. m. the 18th instant, crossed the Shenandoah River at Shepherd's Mills Ford. When near Paris, Loudoun County, Va., received orders from Major Gibson to take the road leading to Upperville and search all houses between Paris and Upperville; also give the latter place a thorough searching. While he would take the road leading to the right to Piedmont, I was to remain at Upperville until one hour before daybreak, where he was to join me. If he did not arrive, on no account was I to remain there longer than half an hour before daybreak, but start with my command to camp. Agreeable to instructions I proceeded to Upperville, and gave the houses there a thorough searching and in vicinity, finding three Confederate soldiers, one belonging to Mosby's command and two to the Fourth Virginia Cavalry.

About 3.30 this a. m. I took ten men to search Major Richards' house, one mile from Upperville, leaving Lieutenant Meldrum, Twenty-first New York (Griswold's Light) Cavalry, in command until my return, with strict orders to keep the men in column and be in readiness for any emergency. On my return I found about one-third of the men very much under the influence of liquor, they having found two barrels of liquor during my absence. Started for camp, and arrived at Paris at daylight, returning by thee way of Berry's Bridge. Arrived in camp at 10.30 a. m.

Six of my men were left in Loudoun; they were so intoxicated it was impossible to get them along. The horses, arms, and accouterments were brought in by the rear guard.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully,

HENRY E. SNOW,

Captain A Company, Twenty-first N. Y. Vol. Cav., Commanding Detail.

Major GIBSON,

Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

