
FEBRUARY 18 - 19, 1865. - Scout in Prince William County, Va.

Report of Colonel Charles Albright, Two hundred and second Pennsylvania Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 202nd PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,Fairfax Station, Va., February 19, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that yesterday at about 4 p. m. I directed Lieutenant Rucker, of the Eighth Illinois Cavalry, to proceed to certain houses in Prince William County, from the Occoquan Run to Stafford County line, with about 100 men of his command. I directed Lieutenant Rucker to operate until daylight, and then return to camp, which instructions he followed, and returned this p. m. I am happy to say the expedition met with complete success, and reflects great credit upon Lieutenant Rucker for the manner in which be conducted it. The lieutenant was accompanied with Mr. Thomas Smoot, U. S. detective, and Mr. Thomas Davies, as guides. The result of the expedition was the capture of fifteen prisoners of the following names.* The horse captured by the guerrillas last fall from Lieutenant De Laney was retaken; also one U. S. horse, with which Lieutenant Rucker has mounted one of his men. The camp of this gang is burnt, and a quantity of clothing and blankets, which could not be brought along, was destroyed; also some muskets.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. ALBRIGHT,

Colonel 202nd Pennsylvania Volunteers, Commanding Post.

Captain CHARLES I. WICKERSHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fairfax Court-House, Va.

FEBRUARY 21, 1865. - Raid on Cumberland, Md.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Major General Philip H. Sheridan, U. S. Army, commanding Middle Military Division.

Numbers 2. - Major Robert P. Kennedy, Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.

Numbers 3. - Lieutenant Colonel Edward W. Whitaker, First Connecticut Cavalry, Acting Assistant Inspector-General.

Numbers 4. - General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Philip H. Sheridan, U. S. Army, commanding Middle Military Division.

WINCHESTER, VA., February 21, 1865 - 9.45 a. m.

A party of from fifty to sixty rebel cavalry surprised General Crook's pickets at Cumberland at 3 o'clock this morning, entered the city and captured Generals Crook and Kelley, and carried them off. I ordered the cavalry at New Creek to Moorefield, and sent from here to same

---------------

* Names omitted.

---------------

