
of Generals Crook and Kelley, sending a couple of men to each place to overpower the headquarters guard, when they went directly to the room of General Crook, and, without disturbing anybody else in the house, ordered him to dress and took him downstairs and placed him upon a horse ready saddled and waiting. The same was done to General Kelley; Captain Melvin, assistant adjutant-general to General Kelley, was also taken. While this was being done, a few of them, without creating any disturbance, opened one or two stores, but they left without waiting to take anything. It was done so quietly that others of us, who were sleeping in adjoining rooms to General Crook, were not disturbed. The alarm was given within ten minutes by a dark watchman at the hotel, who escaped from them, and within an hour we had a party of fifty cavalry after them. They tore up the telegraph lines, and it required almost an hour to get them in working order. As soon as New Creek could be called, I ordered a force to be sent to Romney, and it started without any unnecessary delay. A second force has gone from New Creek to Moorefield, and a regiment of infantry has gone to New Creek to supply the place of the cavalry. They rode good horses, and left at a very rapid rate, evidently fearful of being overtaken. They did not remain in Cumberland over ten minutes. From all information I am inclined to believe that, instead of Rosser, it is McNeill's company. Most of the men of that company are from this place. I w ill telegraph you fully any further information.

ROBT. P. KENNEDY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major-General SHERIDAN.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,February 23, 1865.

The party sent out from New Creek has returned; they arrived at Moorefield one hour after the rebels had passed through. After passing Moorefield the rebels scattered to the mountains. It being dark, and there being evidences of other forces in the vicinity, they returned the next morning. The force from New Creek met the force sent out from Winchester. The rebel command consisted of seventy men, under Lieutenant McNeill.

Respectfully,

ROBT. P. KENNEDY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Winchester, Va.

(Same to General Stevenson, at Harper's Ferry, Va.)

Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edward W. Whitaker, First Connecticut Cavalry, Acting Assistant Inspector General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIV. CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIV.,February 23, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that pursuant to instructions from general commanding division to recapture general officers taken by enemy at Cumberland, Md., early the 21st instant, I moved at 9

