
Generals Crook and Kelley, the adjutant-general of department, two privates, and the headquarters flag, without firing a gun, though a considerable force is stationed in vicinity. Lieutenant McNeill and party deserve much credit for this bold exploit. Their prisoners will reach Staunton to-day.

R. E. LEE.

Honorable JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War.

FEBRUARY 23 - 24, 1865. - Expedition from Yorktown to West Point, Va.

Report of Captain William R. Hedges, Sixteenth New York Heavy Artillery, commanding expedition.
HEADQUARTERS EXTERIOR LINE OF DEFENSES,Fort Magruder, March 1, 1865.

Brigadier-General TURNER,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: The expedition, of which the inclosed is a report from the officer commanding, was ordered by the verbal command of Major-General Ord during his visit to Yorktown. I therefore transmit the report for his information. I have disposed of the prisoners in the manner I considered best for the interest of the Government.

Very respectfully,

B. C. LUDLOW,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

FORT MAGRUDER, VA., February 28, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the expedition which left Yorktown, Va., on board U. S. gun-boat Mystic, Thursday, February 23, in obedience to orders from Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Mulcahy, who placed me in command of the same:

My force consisted of forty-five men from Company M, Sixteenth new York Volunteer Artillery, and thirty marines, commanded by Acting Ensign Leonard, of the gun-boat Crusader. The Mystic proceeded up the river immediately after dark, grounding opposite Green Point, distant only ten miles from Yorktown. Captain Wright, her commander, made every effort in his power to get her afloat, but did not succeed until 9 a. m. Friday, the 24th instant (which circumstance so delayed the expedition as to render it impossible for me to fully carry out my instructions as was intended). As soon as she was afloat I proceeded up the river, landing the force just above West Point. Skirmished the woods in the vicinity, and, meeting with no resistance, extended the skirmish line across the neck of land between the rivers, and in this manner entered the town. Prior to my advance, and while preparing to land, I discovered three mounted men escaping through the woods, one of whom I afterward learned to be Colonel Richardson, of General Lee's staff, at home on sixty days' leave of absence. I found but three men in my advance upon and search through the town, two

