
land, Carmel Church, Mangohick, and King William Court-House, to White House Landing, Va., reaching the latter place at 10 a. m. on the 18th.

Crossing the Pamunkey on the 19th, the command went into camp, where it remained until the 25th. While here the enlisted men of the detachment were furnished with such clothing as they required, unserviceable horses were turned in and replaced by others, all horses were shod, and the detachment placed in the best possible condition with the means at hand.

On the 25th marched, via Jones' Bridge, to within five miles of Wilcox's Landing. Upon going into camp Lieutenant Ellis was sent to the signal station in charge of the signal detachment Army of the James at Wilcox's Landing, and communication was opened from headquarters, through this station, with General Grant at City Point. During the night these stations were in constant use and messages were sent to and received from General Grant by General Sheridan.

From Wilcox's Landing marched, via Malvern Hill, crossing the James at Jones' Neck, to Hancock's Station, on the City Point and Army Railroad.

On the 28th, from Hancock's Station, Lieutenant Ellis and I visited the chief signal officer Army of the Potomac, and replaced such unserviceable signal property as required it.

On the 29th marched from Hancock's Station, via Reams' Station, to rain and the impossibility of getting up ammunition, the army lay comparatively quiet, simply pushing a reconnaissance to Five Forks.

On the 31st a note from Lieutenant Niles, chief signal officer Fifth Army Corps, informed me that from a house in their lines the right of our cavalry could be seen. Lieutenant Ellis was immediately sent to find the spot and open communication if practicable. Before this could be done the cavalry was driven back toward the Court-House by the enemy's infantry, and Lieutenant Ellis was forced to retire.

During the month very little signal duty proper was done by the detachment. The officers and men, however, were no idle, but were constantly employed as aides by the general officers with whom they were serving, proving themselves active, zealous, and efficient in this capacity, meriting and receiving the commendation of their commanders.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. H. HOWARD,

Brevet Major and Chief Signal Officer.

Colonel B. F. FISHER,

Chief Signal Officer, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 3. Report of Bvt. Major General Wesley Merritt, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry, Army of the Shenandoah.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Petersburg, Va., May 7, 1865.

GENERAL: I respectfully furnish the following report of the operations of the cavalry during the past campaigns:

The command consisted of the First and Third Divisions of Cavalry, each division accompanied by one section of artillery (3-inch rifled

