
guns). A pontoon train with a company of engineers, under command of Captain Folwell, also accompanied the expedition. The command marched with five days' rations and thirty pounds of forage on the horses, and fifteen days' rations of sugar, coffee, and salt in wagons. Each man carried on his horse seventy-five rounds of ammunition, while 10 rounds per man were carried in wagons. The entire train of the command, including twelve ambulances and two medical wagons (all that marched with the expedition), was seventy-five wagons. One pack-mule was allowed to each squadron in the command, and two to each regimental headquarters. The command was placed in readiness to march on short notice, yet still the state of preparation was so complete that during the long and arduous marches not the smallest delay jor inconvenience resulted from neglect in this respect. The pontoon train, which reported to the undersigned the night before the march, was provided with but poor teams, which, in consequence of the bad condition of the roads and the heaviness of the pontoon wagons, frequently failed on the route. These teams were replaced by others collected in the country through which the march was conducted.

February 27, 1865, the command marched from cantonment near Winchester, Va., camping at Woodstock. The bridge over Cedar Creek having been carried away by the winter freshest, the fording was deep, but attended with but little difficulty. From Woodstock a force of 500 men was sent in advance to hold the bridge at Edenburg during the night.

February 28, the command marched at 6 a. m., and arrived at Mount Jackson at 10.30 a. m., where the bridge over the North Fork of the Shenandoah had been destroyed. The stream being too deep to cross wagons by the ford, which was also unsafe for the passage of mounted men, the pontoon bridge was thrown across, and the command, with the exception of Pennington's brigade, which forded the stream, passed safely over. One man and several horses were drowned in fording this stream. The command camped at Lacey's Spring. Capehart's brigade, of the Third Division, was moved to the front at 3 a. m. on the morning of March 1, to occupy Harrisonburg. The main body moved at 6 a. m., reaching Harrisonburg at 10 a. m. Capehart's brigade was ordered to move rapidly to Mount Crawford, and secure the bridge over North River at that point. The enemy, under Rosser, on the approach of this brigade, attempted to burn the bridge, but were quickly driven away by Capehart's men, who forded the stream above and below, flanking the enemy's rifle-pits. This command, under Rosser, was dispersed, captured, or killed. A number of wagons were taken and destroyed by the advance. The command camped at Middle River, the bridge over which was also secured by a rapid advance. Stagg's brigade was ordered to move forward and destroy the railroad bridge on Christian's Creek. This brigade occupied Staunton the same night.

March 2, the command arriving at Staunton, a force was detached from the First Division to go to Swoope's Station, where it was reported the enemy had stored supplies of war. This expedition found immense quantities of commissary, quartermaster's, and ordnance stores, which it destroyed. The main column, the Third Division in advance, moved toward Waynesborough, where the enemy was found, strongly posted behind barricades and rifle-pits. General Custer, after engaging the enemy's artillery, with his own for a short time, moved three regiments, under directions of Colonel Whitaker, first Connecticut, to the left flank and rear of the enemy, and routed him, with the loss of but 3 or 4 men to our command, capturing over 1,000 prisoners, the enemy's artil-

