
lery and wagon train, containing all the wardrobe, papers, &amp; c., of the officers of Early's depleted army. This event opened the roads for unresisted advance on the James River and all the roads and means of supply north of Richmond. All the captures which could not be carried away were destroyed. The prisoners and some few pieces of artillery were ordered back to Winchester, under a mounted guard of about 1,500 mounted and dismounted men, under Colonel Thompson, First New Hampshire Cavalry.

March 3, the Third Division marched at 6 a. m. for Charlottesville. General Devin was ordered to move in its rear with two brigades of his command, leaving one to guard the wagon train, which, on account of the fearful condition of the roads, was unable to make the marches effected by the cavalry. The column, as it marched, destroyed all Confederate Government property on its route, as well as the railroad bridges, depots, & c. between Staunton and Charlottesville. This latter place was entered without opposition by the Third Division, which immediately set to work to destroy the railroad bridge over the Rivanna River. Colonel Randol, of Pennington's brigade, was sent the same day to destroy the railroad bridges on the Lynchburg railroad, over the North and South Forks of the Hardware River. The state of the roads from Staunton to Charlottesville defies description. Heavy rains, which fell during the march, rendered the stiff, yellow clay of that section of country soft and almost impassable. Great injury resulted to the horses of the command from marching over these roads. The disease called the hoof-rot was generated by the mud in this march. Quite a large number of horses were destroyed subsequently by this [disease]. The trains did not arrive at Charlottesville until the 4th of March. The greatest praise is due to Captain W. H. Brown, chief quartermaster of this command, and his able assistants, for the energy and perseverance with which they worked in getting the train over the road. During the march from Staunton, and until the column reached the White House, they worked night and day, using every exertion and means which a settled determination to succeed could provoke or human ingenuity invent. At no time during the march, under the most trying circumstances, was there the slightest disposition to fail in this most responsible duty of moving the train. The command remained at Charlottesville until the morning of the 6th of March. During the term of its stay at this place the command was fitted up as well as possible. An abundance of forage was found in the country, and the animals well supplied. The best of discipline was maintained. Scarcely an instance of excess of any kind was brought to the notice of the general commanding.

March 6, the command marched in two columns - the First Division, accompanied by these headquarters, to Scottsville, on the James, and the Third Division, with wagon trains, along the Lynchburg railroad toward Lynchburg. This division was accompanied by the major-general commanding. It destroyed the railroad bridges and culverts to Buffalo River, joining the First Division at New Market on the 8th. The First Division arrived at Scottsville on the 6th instant at 3 p. m. The work of destruction on the canal was commenced at once, and continued by the Reserve Brigade, which remained at Scottsville, during the night to await the arrival of Colonel Maxwell, First Michigan Cavalry, who was detached with a light force to move down the Rivanna River, as far as Palmyra, to destroy bridges, mills, manufactories, and rebel Government establishments. The First and Second Brigades of the First Division were marched to Howardsville. The work

