
Thus was completed a campaign which, for brilliancy of conception and perfect success in execution, has never been equaled in the operations of cavalry in this or any other country. The results attest the importance of the services performed. The remnant of Early's famous Army of the Valley, which, less than a year before, had enviroded the capital of the country, was captured or dispersed, his artillery, trains, correspondence, and baggage in our hands. Two railroads and one canal, immense arteries of supply for the rebel Army of Northern Virginia, were completely disabled, and millions of dollars' worth of rebel property, contraband of war, was destroyed or used for the command. The rapidity of our march over roads rendered almost impassable by heavy rains, which rendered the crossing of each petty creek a work of great labor and time, was truly marvelous, and led the enemy completely astray as to our movements. Over 350 miles were marched by the main body of the command, some parts of which made over 500 miles. Over 2,000 prisoners were taken, 18 pieces of artillery, a large number of arms, and many stand of colors. These are some of the substantial fruits of the expedition, which, while it inflicted immense damage on the Army of Northern Virginia, introduced for the first time to many of the responsible people of Virginia the stern realities of the wicked war they themselves had sought.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. MERRITT,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. - I inclose herewith map* of the country marched over by he command, with lines of march indicated in red ink; also, I send reports of division commanders, list of property captured and destroyed, &amp; c.

W. MERRITT,

Brevet Major-General.

Brigadier General JAMES W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.

Numbers 4. Report of Brigadier General Thomas C. Devin, U. S. Army, commanding First Cavalry Division.
HDQRS. FIRST CAVALRY DIV., ARMY OF THE SHENANDOAH,Camp at White House, March 25, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this division from February 27 to March 18, inclusive:

On the morning of February 27 the division marched from Winchester on the Valley turnpike, and passing through Newtown, Middletown, and Strasburg, encamped the same night near Woodstock. The Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry were ordered to push on and seize and hold the bridge across Stony Creek at Edenburg. The order was carried out with slight opposition from a party of rebel cavalry. At 5 a. m. the same regiment was ordered to push on to Mount Jackson and seize and hold the bridge across the North Fork of the Shenandoah, if it had not been destroyed. The regiment reached the river, but found the bridge had been destroyed some time previous.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

