
On the morning of the 28th the division marched, in rear of the trains, to Mount Jackson, crossed the North Fork on pontoons, marching thence through New Market to Lacey's Spring, where the division encamped at 12 p. m. While on the march between Woodstock and Edenburg the train was attacked in flank by a party of rebel cavalry, who were quickly driven off. The Reserve Brigade, which covered the taking up of the pontoons, did not reach camp until 3 a. m. On the morning of March 1 the division marched, in advance of the train, to Harrisonburg; thence to Mount Crawford, crossing the North River by the turnpike bridge; thence by Mount Sidney to the Middle River, which was crossed on the turnpike bridge, the division encamping within four miles of Staunton, having marched twenty-nine miles. At 8 p. m. the First Brigade, Colonel Stagg commanding, was ordered to march through or around Staunton and destroy the railroad bridge at the crossing of Christian's Creek. Colonel Stagg succeeded in reaching the bridge with but slight opposition, fired the bridge, and returned to Staunton. From some cause (a heavy rain was falling) the structure was not thoroughly destroyed. In connection therewith, I would respectfully refer to the report of Colonel Stagg.

On the morning of March 2 the division marched, in rear of the trains, to Staunton. At this point 300 men of the Twentieth Pennsylvania Cavalry, of Second Brigade, under Major Douglass, were ordered to proceed to Swoope's Station and destroy the Government property at that point. The expedition was entirely successful, resulting in the destruction of the depot and four barns in that vicinity, with all their contents, consisting of an immense amount of valuable commissary and quartermaster's stores and a small quantity of ordnance stores. The Sixth New York Cavalry were detailed to destroy all Government property at Staunton, which duty was fully accomplished, the Government blacksmith shop, a large tannery, and a number of wagons and stage coaches being totally destroyed. The division marched in rear of the trains, and encamped east of the crossing at Christian's Creek, having made but twelve miles. The road from Staunton to the creek was very heavy and the progress of the train very slow.

March 3, orders were received from cavalry headquarters directing that a regiment from each brigade of the division, together with all dismounted men and those mounted on unserviceable horses, be sent to the rear as part of the escort to guard prisoners and guns captured at Waynesborough. In furtherance of said orders the First Rhode Island and Fourth and Twenty-fifth New York Cavalry, together with all sick and dismounted men and the unserviceable horses, were sent to the rear. Lieutenant-Colonel Nichols, Ninth New York Cavalry, was assigned to command the detachment from this division. The division then marched to Waynesborough. At this point the First and Second Brigades were ordered to ford the South River, cross the mountain through Rockfish Gap, and follow the Third Division in the direction of Charlottesville. The river was rising rapidly and the crossing difficult and dangerous, but the column, followed by the trains, was crossed without accident. The Reserve Brigade was ordered to remain at Waynesborough, destroy all Government or public property, and then follow the train. A detachment from this brigade blew up the iron railroad bridge across South River, and destroyed a large number of wagons, caissons, muskets, ordnance stores, ammunition, &amp; c., captured the day previous by General Custer. The brigade then marched in rear of trains and encamped at Brooksville. The First and Second Brigades had pushed on and encamped at Ivy Station, seven miles from Char

