
Before midnight the bridges was completely destroyed, as was also the Fredericksburg railroad bridge. In the meantime I had detailed strong working parties to destroy the two railroad bridges over the Little River, a work which was fully accomplished before daylight.

March 15, at daylight one regiment of the First Brigade was sent to destroy the bridge of Fredericksburg railroad across the North Anna. Another regiment of the same brigade was ordered to destroy the trestle-work over the swamp at Hanover Junction, together with the depot and Government property at that place. At an early hour I received orders from cavalry headquarters to cross the South Anna and advance to Hanover Court-House. As the river could not be forded, and no bridge existed in the vicinity, the work was allowed to go on while a crossing was sought for. As soon as the bridge was found, two miles to the right, the parties were called in, and the First Michigan Cavalry was ordered to cross, advance to Hanover Court-House, and open communication with General Custer at Ashland. The Reserve Brigade followed at once, and the command was about to advance when orders were received to halt and await further developments. Strong scouting parties were thrown out on the line between Ashland and Hanover Court-House, at which latter place Colonel Maxwell, with the First Michigan, continued to maintain his position, after driving an equal force of the enemy from the town. At 5 p. m. the division was ordered to return and cross thee North Anna at Oxford, near which the command encamped. The bridge across the South Anna was destroyed before Colonel Maxwell reached it, although I had a guard with positive orders that it should not be destroyed until he came in. With some difficulty he found a ford and crossed safely.

March 16, the division marched in rear of the trains to Mangohick Church, and encamped.

March 17, the division marched by Aylett's to King William Court-House, and encamped.

March 18, the division marched in rear of the trains to the Pamunkey, at Indiantown, and encamped.

March 19, the division crossed the Pamunkey on the railroad [bridge], and encamped near the White House.

The raid has been a trying and severe one on both men and horses, but hard as the latter were worked, they have suffered far more from disease than from fatigue, and I can say with confidence that were it not for the ravages of grease heel, and rotten hoof, and black tongue, that the loss of horses would have been comparatively slight in this command. The conduct of men and officers has been admirable whenever there was work to do. Such excesses as may have been committed while foraging are chargeable to the lawless men, whom of late there has been scant opportunity to ferret out and punish. The brigade commanders, Brigadier-General Gibbs and Colonels Stagg and Fitzhugh, have, one and all, been prompt and efficient in the execution of orders intrusted to them. In this connection I would respectfully invite attention to the fact that Colonel Fitzhugh, although without previous experience to command a brigade, or even a regiment, has displayed an amount of tact, decision, and judgment that entitles him to the confidence of his superiors. To the division staff I am under many obligations for the willing and cheerful assistance they have invariably rendered me. The untiring energy of Major Drew, division inspector, and Major Dana, assistant adjutant-general, is too well-known to require mention here. They have rendered me marked and valuable service. Lieutenant Wiggins, signal officer, cheerfully volunteered his services on all occa-

