
The destruction of property enumerated in the schedule was thorough and complete. The command captured 90 prisoners of war, 436 horses, 248 mules, 3 pieces rifled artillery, and a quantity of shell, small-arms, ammunition, &amp;.

THOS. C. DEVIN,

Brigadier General, Commanding First Cavalry Div., Army of the Shenandoah.

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel Peter Stagg, First Michigan Cavalry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,ARMY OF THE SHENANDOAH,

Near White House, Va., March 22, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this brigade from thee 27th day of February to the 18th day of March, 1865:

February 27, brigade broke camp at Camp Russell, va., at 5 a. m., and marched up the Valley pike, through Newtown, Middletown, Strasburg, and Woodstock, and encamped one mile and a half from that place. February 28, marched at 6 a. m. up the pike, through Mount Jackson, and encamped at Lacey's Spring. March 1, marched at 6 a. m. up the pike, and encamped within five miles of Staunton. At 8 p. m. I received orders to go through Staunton out on the Wayneesborough road and burn the railroad bridge across Christian's Creek, five miles from Staunton. I was detained until after midnight by one of my regiments, which was on picket. I met with but slight opposition, although I found the enemy in small force within 1,000 yards of our lines. I intrusted the destruction of the bridge to Lieutenant Colonel G. R. Maxwell, First Michigan Cavalry, who with a dismounted force piled fence rails on the bridge. He being fearful the flames would not consume the timbers, as it was beginning to rain, cut the timbers with axes until the heat drove him away. After remaining here about an hour and a half I returned to Staunton. The corps then came up, and I moved with the division to near Fishersville and encamped. March 3, brigade moved at 7 a. m. through Waynesborough and across the Blue Ridge at Rockfish Gap to Ivy Station and encamped. Before starting in the morning the Twenty-fifth New York Cavalry was detached, together with other regiments, to guard to Winchester the prisoners and guns taken the previous day by General Custer's division from General Early at Waynesborough. March 4, I moved with my brigade at 8 a. m., escorting army and corps headquarters wagons to Charlottesville and encamped. March 5, with my brigade and two regiments of the Second Brigade I destroyed three miles of railroad on the Orange and Alexandria road toward Lynchburg. March 6, marched at 8 a. m. through Scottsville, on the James, to Howardsville. Lieutenant Colonel G. R. Maxwell, First Michigan Cavalry, with 300 men, moved at the same time down the Rivanna and destroyed the bridge at Palmyra, 1 flouring mill, 1 cotton mill, 500 bushels of wheat, 400 barrels flour, 2 tons of cotton, and 1,500 pounds wool. March 7, marched at 11 a. m.; after partially destroying the aqueduct across Rockfish River, and cutting the canal bank, moved up the canal to New Market, destroying all the locks, seven in number. March 8, moved up the canal to

