
ing, left camp at Winchester on the morning of the 27th of February last; marched thirty miles to camp, one mile beyond Woodstock. The Sixth U. S. Cavalry and Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry were sent, under command of Major Morrow, Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, to Edenburg, drove the enemy's pickets from the town, and secured the bridges at that place. On the 28th marched to Laurel [Lacey's] Spring, thirty miles; arrived at 3.30 a. m. on the 1st instant. On March 1 marched through Harrisonburg to within five miles of Staunton, twenty-nine miles. Marched on the Waynesborough road eleven miles, and camped on Christian's Creek on the 2nd of March. On march 3 marched to Waynesborough; destroyed iron railroad bridge over North Fork South River; destroyed 1 light steel 3-inch ordnance limber and caisson; also 100 wagons, forgers, battery, and ammunition wagons; threw ammunition into river; also a large quantity of muskets, small ammunition, and other ordnance stores, previously captured same day by the Third Cavalry Division under Brevet Major-General Custer. Moved through Rockfish Gap and camped two miles beyond Brooksville, fifteen miles; weather cold and rainy; roads execrable. On the 4th marched eighth miles, and camped at Ivy Depot, on the Virginia Central Railroad; burned the depot, water-tank, and warehouse containing Confederate tobacco and commissary stores; roads and weather worse. march 5, marched seven miles; camped near University of Virginia, at Charlottesville. Joined the command, drew rations, burned the tents, and lightened the loads. On the 6th marched without transportation to Scottsville, twenty-one miles; worked till midnight destroying James River Canal, locks, boats with subsistence stores, and bridges. 7th, burned woolen factory with a large quantity of cloth, candle factory with a large amount of candles, lard-oil, &amp; c.; large five-story flouring mill, with flour, corn, and wheat; a large manufactory, machine-shops, and tobacco warehouses.

I regret that a few private dwellings, close to the mill, were more or less charred by the intense heat. No accident or loss of life, however, occurred. Same day marched towpath to New Market, thirty-two miles, destroying canal locks, bridges, stables, store-houses, tobacco, & c. Halted and burned large mill at Warren. Stopped at Howardsville; destroyed large wagon and plow factory, wagon shop, forge; also railroad bridge, and tobacco and subsistence warehouses. On the 8th marched up towpath to Bent Creek bridge, on the James, opposite Duguidsville, and returned to New Market, twenty-five miles. Returned by ridge road. Weather rainy, and return road dangerous and deep in mud. On the 9th moved back to Howardsville, thence on towpath to Scottsvillee, which place was reached at noon on the 10th; thence moved same day to Fluvanna Institute and Columbia; camped about midnight; distance marched, fifty-six miles in thirty-six hours. March 11, moved across the viaduct and camped two miles beyond Columbia. March 12, marched twenty-four miles to near Tolersville, on Virginia Central Railroad. March 13, marched to Tolersville; thence to Frederick's Hall Station, fifteen miles, destroying sections of Virginia Central Railroad, twisting rails, burning cross-ties, & c.; camped two miles beyond the station near army headquarters. March 14, marched to Taylorsville, on Richmond and Potomac Railroad, twenty-seven miles. Burned railroad bridges (three) on Richmond and Potomac Railroad and Virginia Central Railroad, over the Little and South Anna River, respectively, 1,000,600, and 700 feet long. Captured 3 pieces of artillery (3-inch ordnance guns), by a few men of the Fifth U. S. and Second Massachusetts Cavalry; turned the guns and fired them

