
upon the enemy. Marched on the 15th across the South Anna; remained in position all day; deployed Sixth U. S. Cavalry as skirmishers. Sent squadron of Second Massachusetts Cavalry to Hanover Court-House; marched back to Oxford across the North Anna and bivouacked, ten miles. On the 16th rejoined wagons; marched through Chesterfield Station to Mangohick Church, eighteen miles. March 17, marched via Aylett's to King William Court-House; camped at 2 p. m. On the 18th moved slowly to White House, where arrived at 2 p. m. Found forage and stores awaiting us. Marched on the 19th across the river, and camped on Hill's plantation. Weather last three days warm and pleasant; roads sandy and much better.

I have omitted to mention that on the 3rd instant Captain Capron, commanding First Rhode Island Cavalry, was sent back to Winchester as part escort to the prisoners, captured at Waynesborough by the Third Division, together with sick, wounded, and dismounted men; also that the brigade destroyed the aqueduct at Howardsville and the bridge across the Tye at New Market.

Total casualties in this brigade, 3 killed and 2 wounded.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED GIBBS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Cavalry Reserve Brigade.

Major A. E. DANA,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division.

Numbers 8. Reports of Bvt. Major General George A. Custer, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division.
HDQRS. THIRD CAVALRY DIV., MIDDLE MILITARY DIV.,White House, Va., March 20, 1865.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command since February 27, 1865:

At an early hour on the morning of the 27th my command broke camp near Winchester, and moved up the Valley pike, following the First Cavalry Division. The Second Brigade, of the Second Cavalry Division, Army of West Virginia, having been assigned to my command, reported to me soon after leaving camp, and was designated the Third Brigade of the Third Division. Nothing worthy of note occurred until March 1. At 3 o'clock on that morning the Third Brigade, Colonel Capehart commanding, was pushed forward to Harrisonburg, and there awaited the arrival of the main column, when it again moved in advance, skirmishing with the enemy under Rosser, until the North River was reached. Here the enemy had made preparations to oppose the crossing, by throwing up a line of earth-works and barricades on the south bank and occupying them with dismounted cavalry. The long, covered bridge over the North River had also been fired by the enemy, and wa sin flames upon Colonel Capehart's arrival. Sending two of his regiments to swim the river above the bridge and attack the enemy in flank, Colonel Capehart at the same time sent a column to charge through the burning bridge. The enemy was driven in disorder and the bridge saved. The pursuit was continued to within four miles of Staunton, where the command was encamped for the night. The enemy in the affair at the bridge lost 37 men, including 5 commissioned officers; our loss was slight.

