
Among some of the substantial fruits of this victory we had possession of about 1,800 prisoners, 14 pieces of artillery, 17 battle-flags, and a train of nearly 200 wagons and ambulances, including General Early's headquarter's wagon, containing all his official desks and records. The result of this engagement was of the highest value and importance to us for another reason; it opened a way across the Blue Ridge Mountains through Rockfish Gap, and thereby saved us from several days' delay and marching.

My command encamped that night at Brookfield [Brooksville]. The following morning I moved in the direction of Charlottesville. When near that place we struck a force of the enemy's cavalry, but drove them without difficulty. A deputation of the citizens of Charlottesville, headed by the mayor and common council, met me outside the town and formally surrendered the town. Moving through the town, in the direction of Gordonsville, the enemy was again encountered, and a skirmish ensued, which resulted in the route of the enemy, we gaining possession of 3 guns and 1 battle-flag. We remained at Charlottesville until the morning of the 6th, destroying, int he meanwhile, the railroad bridge over the Rivanna River, beside rendering unserviceable but twenty miles of the Virginia Central Railroad. A scouting party sent out from my command on the 5th came upon a party of rebels, among them being Commodore Hollins, formerly of our Navy. In attempting to make his escape the commodore was killed. On the morning of the 6th my commandant moved in the direction of Lynchburg, parallel to the rialroad to that point. All the bridges and trestle-work on the Lynchburg road were destroyed as far as the bridge over Buffalo Run, including the the latter bridge. On the 8th we moved to New Market, on the James River, where a cut was made in the canal. On the 9th marched to Scottsville; the following day reached Columbia, where we rested until the morning of the 12th, when we marched to Frederick's Hall Station, on the virginia Central Railroad, a portion of the division going to Bumpass Station. The following day the entire command was engaged in destroying the rialroad track, by burning the ties and bending the rails. In this manner about ten miles of the road was destroyed at this point. On the 14th marched to Ground Squirrel bridge over the South Anna, at which point the main portion of the command was halted, while two regiments proceeded as far as Ashland and returned, meeting no enemy on the route. The entire command encamped near the Ground Squirrel bridge. I sent a scouting party toward Richmond on the Brook pike, which succeeded in capturing a train of 40 wagons and a number of prisoners, including one of General Early's staff officers. Moved at 2 o'clock on the morning of the 15th, reaching Ashland early in the day, where I learned that Longstreet and Pickett were advancing upon that point, with a heavy force composed of all arms. The First Brigade, under Colonel Pennington, was sent forward to hold the enemy in check until the rest of the command could pass that point in the direction of the railroad bridge over the South Anna. The enemy made several attempts to force Pennington back, but that point in the direction of the railroad bridge over the South Anna. The enemy made several attempts to force Pennington back, but was repulsed each time. His most determined effort was made just before dark, but was a complete failure. Having held the cross-road as long as was desirable or necessary, Pennington, in obedience to my orders, withdrew his command, and followed the remainder of the division to the north bank of the North Anna, where the entire command encamped near Carmel Church. From the latter point we marched, via Mangohick Church and King William Court-House, to White House, crossing the Pamunkey River at that point over the railroad bridge on the 19th; encamped near White House.

