
In the battle of Waynesborough, in which the loss of the enemy in killed, wounded, and captured was upward of 2,000, my loss was but 9 in all. With reference to the conduct of the officers and men of my command throughout the entire expedition, both when engaged with the enemy and while on the march, I have nothing but words of the highest praise and commendation to offer. As a special report will be made, making mention of those who are particularly deserving and meritorious, none of the many instances of personal gallantry and merit, as displayed on the late expedition, are mentioned in this report.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

G. A. CUSTER,

Brevet Major-General.

Captain E. M. BAKER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry, Middle Military Division.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,March 4, 1865.

Report of property captured and destroyed by Third Cavalry Division.

Captured: 14 pieces of artillery, 54 double sets artillery harness, 6 caissons, 9 forges, 800 horses and mules, 150 army wagons, 15 ambulances, 300 double sets wagon harness, 15 double sets ambulance harness, 1 medicine wagon and harness, 15 battle-flags, 1 U. s. guidon (recaptured).

Destroyed: 7 railroad cars, loaded with supplies, saddles, and shoes; 18 railroad bridges, 50 miles of railroad, 30 army wagons, 500,000 rounds of ammunition, 2,250 stand small-arms, 500 wall-tents, 300 pack-saddles, 1,500 cotton quilts, 100 pounds bacon, 2 mills filled with corn and wheat, 45 hogsheads of tobacco, 3 store-houses.

G. A. CUSTER,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

Captain LEVANT W. BARNHART,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 9. Report of Colonel Alexander C. M. Pennington, Third New Jersey Cavalry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,Near White House Landing, Va., March 19, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my brigade during the recent cavalry expedition, from February 27 to present date:

At 6 o'clock on the morning of February 27, in pursuance of orders from headquarters Third Cavalry Division, I broke camp on the Romney pike, two miles from Winchester, Va., and marched in rear of the Second Brigade, Colonel Wells commanding; took the Valley pike and reached Woodstock, thirty miles from Winchester, about 7 p. m., and bivouacked for the night.

At 6 a. m. on the 28th resumed the march, my brigade having the advance of the division. Passed through Edenburg and Mount Jackson, and upon reaching the North Fork of the Shenandoah forded that stream with the brigade. The stream was extremely high, owing to the recent rains, and the current was very strong. One man was carried away and drowned, and many others would have been drowned had it

