
not been for the superhuman efforts of a number of officers and men upon the bank, who rushed into the stream, and at great personal risk brought them to the shore. Among those who were conspicuous in their efforts to save life upon this occasion were Major Thomas McClong and Doctor Helm, of the Third New Jersey Cavalry. After crossing the stream I moved on to Lacey's Spring, thirty miles from Woodstock, and bivouacked for the night.

Left Lacey's Spring at 6 a. m. on the 1st of March and bivouacked seven miles north of Staunton. The next day, at 6 a. m., marched through Staunton, following the Second Brigade, which had the advance, and took the road to Waynesborough. Upon reaching Waynesborough the enemy, under General Early, were found strongly posted on the rising ground between us and the town, with artillery in position. Halting my command I reported to General Custer for orders, and was directed by him to dismount three regiments, and to make an effort to turn the enemy's left flank through a piece of wood which he pointed out to me. Dismounting the Second Ohio, Third New Jersey, and First Connecticut Cavalry, and leaving the Second New York and the battalion of Eighteenth Pennsylvania in reserve, I moved to the edge of a piece of wood which concealed the command from the enemy, and which was a convenient point from which to advance, nd then proceeded to reconnoiter the ground in my front, with the view to find the best concealed route by which to move upon the enemy. This object being attained I ordered forward the column, which advanced, concealed from the view of he enemy, to within about 100 yards of the woods through which we were to charge. Halting for a moment to take down a fence in my front I ordered the command forward, the Second Ohio Cavalry leading at a charge, and followed by the Third New Jersey and First Connecticut Cavalry. The moment was completely successful. The entire line of the enemy was thrown into confusion and obliged to them to do so more effectually. As a result of this movement the enemy lost about 1,500 prisoners (enlisted men), about 70 officers, and 11 pieces of artillery, about 150 army wagons and ambulances, and 14 stand of colors. The Second Ohio Cavalry captured 5 pieces of artillery and 435 prisoners; the First Connecticut Cavalry captured 67 prisoners. My command, being dismounted, was not able to follow up the enemy beyond South River, across which they retreated. The Second Brigade, Colonel Wells commanding, took up the chase at that point. The Second New York Cavalry, Colonel A. M. Randol, and a battalion of the Eighteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry (Captain Nieman), belonging to my brigade, did not take an active part in the affair, but were massed and held din reserve. The retreat was so sudden that the affair was over before they could be called up. The First Connecticut also destroyed 52 stand of arms and a large quantity of small-arm ammunition. In this affair my command had but one man wounded; this was the only casualty. I moved with the division that night (March 2), through Rockfish Gap, and encamped on the Charlottesville road.

On the 3rd of March we moved from camp at 6 a. m. and reached Charlottesville at 3 p. m. and encamped; the Second New York Cavalry Lynchburg Railroad, and the remainder of the bridge was detailed to destroy the iron bridge across the Rivanna River at Charlottesville. Remained at Charlottesville until the morning of the 6th of March, being engaged while there in tearing up the railroad track and completing the destruction of the bridge.

