
We left Charlottesville at 7 a. m. on the 6th instant, in rear of the wagon train, and marched to Rockfish River, which we reached at 7 o'clock marching a distance of twenty-five miles. At 11 a. m. again took up the march, still guarding the wagon train and passing through Lovingston, encamped at 11 p. m. about three miles from Arrington Station, on the Charlottesville and Lynchburg Railroad, and picketed the road in that vicinity.

On the morning of the 8th, at 6 a. m., guarding the train to Arrington, and then taking the advance, we marched to New Market, at the mouth of Tye River, when we encamped for the night. The following day, March, I moved at 6 a. m. and encamped at the crossing of the Columbia road with he Hardware River, five miles from Scottsville.

Broke camp at 6 a. m. [10th] and marched in advance of the division to Columbia, on the James River, reaching it at 1 p. m.; encamped and remained till the 11th instant. Living Columbia at 7 a. m. on the 12th I proceeded to Frederick's hall, on the Virginia Central Railroad, bringing up the rear of the division; arrived at Frederick's Hall at 10 p. m. and encamped. Engaged during the 13th in tearing up the railroad track, &amp;c. Moved to Ground Squirrel bridge, on the South Anna River, on the 14th, leaving camp at 6 a. m. Before reaching it we learned that General Early, with an escort, had passed along only an hour before us. I sent the First Connecticut and a battalion of the Second Ohio Cavalry in pursuit. They came up with the party, but succeeded in taking a few prisoners only, the enemy having dispersed on hearing the shots and the cheering in their rear. The First Connecticut and Second New York marched to Ashland, and returned to Ground Squirrel bridge; they reported no enemy in the vicinity. Moved with the brigade to Sahland at 6 a. m. [15th], following the Second Brigade. Received information on arriving that General Longstreet, with a large force of infantry, was in the vicinity, about five miles from Ashalnd. I sent the Second Ohio Cavalry out upon the Telegraph road, with orders to form on the right of the road, and the Second New York was directed to form on the left of the road, in line with the Second Ohio. The Third New Jersey Cavalry was placed in position, mounted, to the left and rear of the Second New york, behind a piece of woods. The First Connecticut Cavalry was sent down the rialroad, and their left connected with the right of the Second New York, when the Second Ohio was withdrawn soon after. I had, previous to forming, received an order to draw in my command and withdraw to the north side of the South Anna River as soon as the Second Brigade of the division, which was then passing through the station, had cleared the town. It not being thought advisable to bring on an engagement, the enemy not pressing me, I remained at Ashland till sundown, sending out reconnaissances toward the enemy on the different roads, to ascertain their whereabouts and strength. The Second Ohio was relieved from the line of battle and sent down the Telegraph road, and its place in the line was filled up by the Second New York. On the return of the Second Ohio it was placed in reserve at the railroad crossing. The First Connecticut Cavalry then connected with the Second New York.

The First Connecticut Cavalry, commanded on this occasion by Lieutenant Colonel E. W. Whitaker, First Connecticut Cavalry, acting assistant inspector-general Third Cavalry Division, sent out a reconnaissance of one squadron toward the enemy from the right of my line, while a battalion of the Second New York moved down the Telegraph road. the squadron of the First Connecticut, accompanied by Lieutenant-

