
Colonel Whitaker, was ambushed by infantry and cavalry, losing 1 officer (Lieutenant J. W. Clark) killed nd 2 men missing. This reconnaissance ascertained that the enemy were in force, and that they had both infantry and cavalry. At sundown, as I was about retiring in pursuance to orders received from General Custer, the enemy made a spirited attack upon the line of the Second New York with infantry. They were held in check till the Second New York, which was to bring up the rear, retired. They did not follow as I fell back. The Second New York lost 1 officer and 2 men wounded and 1 man killed, and had 22 horses so badly wounded that they had to be abandoned on the march. encamped that night north of the North Anna River, near Mount Carmel Church. The next day marched to Mangohick, thence to King William Court-House on the 17th, and to the White House on the 18th.

During this trip my command marched 400 miles, both men and horses subsisting entirely off the country. During the expedition the Second Ohio Cavalry captured 7 pieces of artillery, 1 caisson, 200 stand of small-arms, 7 ambulances, 25 mules, 50 horses, 24 sets of harness, 425 enlisted men, 10 commissioned officers, and destroyed one mile and three-fourths of railroad track, 4 depot buildings, 1 railroad bridge (length 400 feet), and 25 hogsheads of tobacco. The First Connecticut Cavalry captured 67 prisoners, and assisted in destroying 1 railroad bridge across the Rivanna River at Charlottesville; it also participated in the destruction of the Gordonsville and Lynchburg and Virginia Central Railroads, and at Waynesborough destroyed 67 stand of small-arms, which they captured. The Second New York captured 2 commissioned officers and 17 men and 80 horses, and destroyed the station-house, water-tanks, freight-house (containing Confederate stores), and 2 culverts at North Garden, 2 fine railroad bridges over the North and South Fork of the Hardwared River, each about 200 feet in length; also a large railroad bridge over Rockfish River, and the station-house and water-tanks at Rockfish and Covesville Station. The regiment also assisted in the destruction of the large wooden railroad bridge over the Mechum River; also destroyed one mile and a half of track near North Garden. The Third New Jersey participated in the capture of Early's army at Waynsborough, captured 1 gun at Charlottesville, abandoned by the enemy, and, exclusive of the Waynesborough affair, they have captured 7 prisoners, 60 horses, and 15 mules. It also assisted in destroying the railroad bridge at Charlottesville over the Rivanna River, and in tearing up the railroad track on the Gordonsville and Lynchburg and Virginia Central Railroad.

To recapitulate, the brigade has captured 8 pieces of artillery, 1 caisson, 267 stand of arms, 7 ambulances, 190 horses, 40 mules, 24 sets of harness, 516 enlisted men prisoners, 12 commissioned officers. The command has destroyed 5 large railroad bridges, about 5 miles of railroad track, 4 railroad station houses and outbuildings, 25 hogsheads of tobacco, and 1 cotton mill.

My casualties were as follows, viz: 1 officer killed, 1 officer wounded, 4 enlisted men killed (2 accidental), 4 men wounded, and 16 men missing. The horses of this command have suffered greatly from hoof-rot, this disease having broken out and spread in the command to a great extent, rendering several hundred horses completely unserviceable.

My regimental commanders, Colonel Az. M. Randol, Second New York Cavalry; Lieutenant Colonel A. B. Nettleton, commanding Second Ohio Cavalry; Lieutenant Colonel William P. Robeson, commanding Third New Jersey Cavalry; Major L. P. Goodwin, commanding First Connecticut Cavalry, and the men of their commands, deserve great credit for the zeal and energy displayed by them in performing all duties assigned to them.

