
Lieutenant-Colonel Nettleton, Second Ohio Cavalry, and Lieutenant William Robertson, Second Ohio Cavalry, acting brigade commissary, had their horses shot under them at the affair at Waynesborough, Va.

The Second Ohio Cavalry, which led the charge, the Third Nw Jersey, and First Connecticut Cavalry, deserve praise for the creditable manner in which they made the assault on that day.

I desire here to render my thanks to my staff officers-Captain Charles H. Miller, assistant adjutant-general; Captain R. E. Lawder, Second Ohio Cavalry, acting assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant James Moffitt, provost-marshal of brigade; Dr. W. W. Bowlby, surgeon-in-chief of brigade; Captain A. C. Houghton, Second Ohio Cavalry, aide-de-camp; Lieuts. C. E. B. Voege, Third New Jersey Cavalry, S. N. Himman, First Connecticut Cavalry, and Ray T. Gordon, Second New York Cavalry, acting aides-de-camp-for the able manner in which they performed their duties and for the promptitude with which they carried all orders intrusted to them.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. M. PENNINGTON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain L. W. BARNHART,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Cavalry Corps.

Numbers 10. Report of Major Hartwell B. Comson, Eighth New York Cavalry, Second Brigade.

Report of operations of the Eighth New York Cavalry during the late expedition:

Moved with the Cavalry Corps from Winchester, Va., February 27, 1865. Were not engaged until March 2, when we met the enemy, under Lieutenant-General Early, at Waynesborough. Remained in position about one hour and a half, when we were ordered to charge them. The charge was made, driving the enemy from his position, completely routing and demoralizing them, and capturing as follows, viz: Brigadier-General Wharton, C. S. Army, 3 colonels, and upward of 50 other officers of inferior grade, 700 to 900 non-commissioned officers and privates, 5 pieces of artillery with caissons, &amp;c., upward of 200 wagons and ambulances, 9 portable forges, 1,200 to 1,500 stand of small-arms, upward of 900 single sets of harness, upward of 800 team horses and mules, and 10 battle flags; camping that night at Brooksville. After this we continued the march, without any special adventure, until the morning of the 8th ultimo, when we received orders to destroy three railroad bridges, one across Buffalo River, length about 100 feet, two across smaller streams between the Tye and Buffalo Rivers, each about sixty feet in length. One C. s. storehouse was also destroyed near New Glasgow Station. On the 13th instant, at Frederick's Hall Station, we tore up and destroyed about three-quarters of a mile of railroad track and one mile of telegraph. We were then ordered to Beaver Dam Station. In moving to that place we encountered the enemy, numbering about 300 men, commanded by Colonel Morgan. We repulsed them and moved on to Beaver Dam, where we destroyed the railroad track, 1 miles of telegraph, 1 steam saw-mill with a stationery steam engine of 40 horse power in complete running order, with about 100,000 feet of sawed bridge timber, 400 cords of wood, 3 water-tanks, and 3 force pumps.

