
Addenda. On the 1st of January, 1865, Lomax's division of cavalry was located, one brigade at Burtonsville, one brigade at Liberty Mills, one brigade at Stanardsville, three regiments on picket. Headquarters at Barboursville. The outer line of pickets began at Criglersville, on the left; then, via Madison Court-House, to Locuts Dale. Interior reserves at Culpeper Court-House. Vedettes at fords of Rappahannock.

Monday, January 2.-Went to Staunton to hire servants, but did not get one, as they were hired only for grain and at very high rates, men bringing 100 bushels of corn or wheat. The day was quite cold in the a. m., but became quite pleasant. General Early has gone to Richmond. * * *

Tuesday, January 3.-Went over to see the bridge at the river, which the pioneers nearly completed to-day, and then H. B. Sieg and myself went to Saunton, where I hired a servant woman of Mrs. Opie for $50 in specie, or its equivalent. Came back, and hunted wagons to haul wood to-morrow. A fine morning, but it began to snow about noon, and snowed all the rest of the day quite fast. Snowed until midnight.

Wednesday, January 4.-Spent the day at home, looking after hauling wood, &amp;c. Had five men of pioneer party to cut, and a team from there, and Doctor Wilson's and Dudley's teams. Got two loads of wood from Dudley's and twelve from Heiser's woods. Cold in morning, but became pleasant. R[obinson] copying battle maps.

Thursday, January 5.-I went up to Swoope's Depot to see General Rosser. Found him at Colonel Baylor's. Got from him positions of cavalry in fights, &c. Dined with him and then returned home. Munford, with Wickham's brigade, came from Midway to Swoope's to-day. He came by the Parkersburg road to Staunton the same day we went to harrisonburg after Custer, then crossed to Ivy Depot, back to Greenwood, then to Rockfish and across Tye River Gap. Rosser's pickets are still at Stony Creek, and he has a squadron in Pocahontas County. It thawed and force alternately to-day.

Friday, January 6.-Spent the morning at home looking altering things generally. After dinner self and servant rode to camp at Fisherville. It began to rain last night and rained quite steadily all day. The streams are rising rapidly and the snow is nearly gone, but the frost has not yet left the ground. General Early came back yesterday. R[obinson] is copying battle maps at my house.

Saturday, January 7.-Worked at amps of Rosser's fight at Lacey's Spring. Oltmanns at reduction, and James Arthur Wilson began work to-day by copying map of Rockbridge. A fine, bracing day; thawed some in a. m. and froze in p. m. and at night; clear.

Sunday, January 8.-* * * It froze hard last night; thawed some to-day. * * *

Monday, January 9.-Orders came to move camp to Staunton, and this morning the general and all moved up. I went to look for rooms. had much trouble. Ground frozen hard in the morning, thawed and rained in p. m. Robinson came back to camp. W[ilson] and O[ltmanns] at maps.

Tuesday, January 10.-It rained all last night and most of the day quite hard. Ground still frozen some, but very muddy. Got rooms at Arnall's for $50 a month. It cleared off about sundown.

Wednesday, January 11.-Worked at Rosser's fight at Lacey's Spring and at Hanging Rock. O[ltmanns] at reduction. R[obinson] at copy o LYnchburg. W[ilson] finished Rockbridge. It froze very hard and the day was quite breaking. Thawed some in p. m. General Rosser

