
along the mountain side and finally went to the top, and just before dark reached B. F. W. Harlan's, where we spent the night. The enemy crossed a large force during the night and went on toward Charlottesville. We had very hard work getting through the woods. The trees were loaded down with sleet and the ground covered with snow. A portion of the enemy encamped at Waynesborough.

Friday, March 3.-The fog and rain continued all night, but it ceased before noon. The enemy kept on crossing the mountain. Robinson came up in the morning, having been out all night. I spent the day at Harlan's, going out in the p. m. and looking at the situation. Saw the enemy's pontoon train, &amp;c., cross the mountain. The enemy took about 1,100 prisoners, which they marched to Hamilton's Shop to-day. General Early spent last night at Jarman's Gap, and to-day went to Whitehall. The whole army scattered. The enemy passed toward Charlottesville.

Saturday, March 4.-Mr. Antrim and myself went out early and found the enemy gone, so we went on to Waynesborough through the wrecks of our tain, &c., Crossed South River, which was quite height; dined at Antrim's, and then I went on to John Hamilton's near Fishersville. Could hardly get through, the mud was so deep. The enemy left many of the captured wagons and four pieces of artillery, of six they captured, stuck in the mud. It was a fine day. Colonel William H. Harman was killed at Waynesboroug. The enemy did a great deal of damage. Rosser encamped at Middle River.

Sunday, March 5.-I went on to Staunton quite early, and then up to Buffalo Gap to General W. L. Jackson, and got him to send cavalry to aid General Rosser in recapturing our men, who went down the Valley guarded by about 900 men. He sent a regiment (Arnett's) and Inboden's brigade, under Colonel G. H. Smith, which went down the Warm Springs road. The cavalry could not rendezvous for the high waters, and these only got here to-day. Rosser, with a few men, is following the enemy down the Valley. A fine day; cool in p. m. the prisoners encamped at Cline's Mills yesterday. Rosser fought the enemy at Harrisonburg and went to Melrose.

Monday, March 6.-Colonel G. H. Smith and staff came late last night and spent the night with us. He went on early to join his brigade, which came to Parnassus during the night from McDowell. Colonel Arnett's regiment spent the night at Churchville, and went on also to-day to Harrisonburg. I spent the day at home, fixing up after the losses at Waynesborough. Bought a horse of Robert Knowles for $1,000, blind in one eye. J. A. W[ilson] came home yesterday also. The county is full of rumors, and all unsettled. A very fine, warm day. Rosser went to Rude's Hill.

Tuesday, March 7.-James A. [Wilson] and myself started to go to Lynchburg. After going to Greenwood to see about my maps, went via Staunton and saw Major Bell; then to Fisherville and got my servant William, and on toward Waynesborough. Heard, but did not believe it, that the enemy had pickets at Rockfish Gap, so turned to the right and spent the night at Gibson's. A very fine day. Met R[obinson] and Jesse going to my house. Rosser attacked enemy at 10 a. m. at Rude's Hill. Had three companies over river.

Wednesday, March 8.-We went to Stuart's Mill crossed South River; then by a path to the Howardsville road, and then along the top of the ridge to Rockfish Gap, and thence to Greenwood. Did not find my maps there, so we took our snack and fed, and then went up to jarman's Gap for the night. It was quite pleasant until 3 p. m.,

