
when it began to rain. The Yankees went to Charlottesville and thence toward Lynchburg.

Thursday, March 9.-Went down to South River, but could not cross, so went up and crossed at Waynesborough. Dined at Antrim's and then went on to Staunton, where I found General Rosser. Spent the night there. A fine day. Heard that the enemy was at Tye River.

Friday, March 10.-Spent the day in Staunton. * * * A fine day. Imboden's brigade camp to Staunton.

Saturday, March 11.-General Rosser started at 7 a. m. toward Lexington; went three miles beyond Midway; had about 500 men. I went to Fisherville to see about my servant, and then went on and joined General Rosser at Bell's, beyond Midway. It froze quite hard last night, but the day was fine.

Sunday, March 12.-Started at sunrise and crossed the Blue Ridge at Tye River Gap, and went by massie's Mills and Fleetwood, and halted to feed at Hubbard's. A very fine day. Froze some last night. Enemy reported returning to Scottsville. After resting until dark we went on to Lovingston, and three miles beyond to Mrs. Harris', where we put up at midnight.

Monday, March 13.-We started at 8 a. m., by the old Stage road, and crossed Rockfish River to Colonel Heiskell's, and then turned across by by-roads to the Brooksville and Scottsville road at Mrs.--, three miles from Scottsville; there we fed, and then went on through Scottsville, where the Yankees did a great deal of damage, to Mr. Sprinkle's, five miles down the river road. A fine, pleasant day; roads very muddy. We marched until 10 p. m.

Tuesday, March 14.-We started at 8 a. m., and rode twenty miles to Columbia, where we rested three hours and fed, and then went on to Hadensville, fifteen miles, where we rested for the night at 11 p. m. The Yankees did a great deal of damage at Columbia. A fine day.

Wednesday, March 15.-We started at 8 a. m. and went to Thompson's Cross-Roads; then to Payne's Mill, and, via Salem Church, to the Louisa road, and down it to Goodall's Tavern, and then to Ashland, where we stopped at 11 p. m. The enemy was driven from Ashland about dark. It rained some, but was pleasant.

Thursday, March 16.-We spent last night at Ashland, and General Rosser moved on to-day toward Hanover Court-House. I came on to Richmond with dispatches for General Lee. Attended to some business at the bureau, &amp;c. Went to General Ewell's for quarters. Found General Early in Richmond. A very fine day.

Friday, March 17.-Spent the day in Richmond, getting my business arranged. Saw Major Campbell about maps, &c. Got General Gilmer to send the engineer troops to railroad. Spent the night at Colonel Nat Tyler's. Very fine day. General Early went to see General Lee.

Saturday, March 18.-Spent the day in Richmond. Went to Major Campbell's; also saw General Gilmer about the publication of my map. A fine day; trees leafing out; spring weather. Spent the night at General Ewell's. General Early came back.

Sunday, March 19.-Remained in Richmond. * * * General Early informed me that we were all to go to the Valley again. He spent the day at Worsham's. What a man! A very fine day. A large lot of returned prisoners came up.

Monday, March 20.-I started Wilson and William, with the horses, back to the Valley with Major Rogers. I finished my business and got my boxes to go to Petersburg, but the drayman carried them to the wrong depot, and I missed the train, so spent the night with Oltmanns. Fine weather; cool nights.

