
Tuesday, March 21.-Started for Petersburg at 6 a. m. and got there about 10, and spent the day at Generals Gordon's, Grimes', and Walker's headquarters, getting information for my report of the campaign of 1864. It rained a good deal during the day, and was cool. I spent the night with Captain Hinrichs, at Walker's headquarters. The Second Corps is in the breast-works in front of Petersburg, and the division commanders all have quarters in Petersburg. General Early went to Lynchburg yesterday.

Wednesday, March 22.-Left Petersburg at 6 a. m. for Lynchburg by the South Side Railroad, a very rough one. We did not reach Lynchburg until 8 p. m. Then we tried to get transportation, but could find no officer. the canal to Lexington is broken, so we will have to go via Salem. General Early left Lynchburg in the p. m. of to-day for Abingdon. Pleasant, but cool. The cars are full of our returned prisoners.

Thursday, March 23.-Got transportation and left Lynchburg for Salem at 8 a. m. Reached S[alem] by 2 p. m., and found Major Pitzer leaving on the cars to join General Early. Captain Moore and myself went to Pitzer's for the night. A very fine day. Enemy reported advancing from East Tennessee.

Friday, March 24.-We went to Salem in the morning and got a wagon and four mules and rations, and in the p. m. started for Staunton. Went eleven miles o Cloverdale Mills, and encamped at Langhorne's. Fine day.

Saturday, March 25.-Started at 6 a. m. and went, via Buchanan, to Flaherty's, six miles beyond. Got our own suppers, because refused a lodging at Flaherty's. Then went to Barger's for the night. Fine day.

Sunday, March 26.-We continue our journey, via the Natural Bridge, to Lexington. Found the road very rough and some deep mud holes. I spent the night at Rev. W. H. Ruffner's. Major Kyle joins us from here. Fine day.

Monday, March 27.-We went to Ballard Smith's, three miles beyond Midway. Fine day; roads better.

Tuesday, March 27.-We reached Staunton about 2 p. m., the stage only being a half day ahead of us. Lieutenant Flood and party got there in the p. m. After looking up my horses, seeing to my baggage, &amp;c., I went on home. Got there about dusk. Found Jackson's and Imboden's brigades near Churchville. They reached there Monday from Hanover Junction. Fine day; quite warm.

Wednesday, March 29.- * * * A very fine day. Robinson and Wilson went to town.

Thursday, March 30.-It rained quite hard last night and was showery all day to-day; grass and all things growing finely. I came to Staunton and got rooms at the Virginia Hotel. General Lomax was ordered to take command of the Valley District to-day. R[obinson] made map of Rude's Hill, Rosser's affair, and W[ilson] finished Western Virginia. I did not do much. There was a fight on Hatcher's Run.

Friday, March 31.-I corrected some maps. R[obinson] made second map of Rude's Hill, W[ilson] copying vicinity of Lynchburg. A pleasant day, but cool. Lonfax moved to the county.

Saturday, April 1.-I spent the day assorting my maps and putting all things in good order. Robinson ruled the map of the Valley for reduction and a sheet for the same; Wilson copying vicinity of Lynchburg. I went home in the p. m. A fine day.

Sunday, April 2.-I spent the day at home; rode to Staunton in the p. m. * * * A very fine day.

Monday, April 3.-Spent the day fixing up, &c. R[obinson] and W[ilson] engaged as on Saturday. At an early hour a report got out

