
that Richmond had been evacuated, and then one that the Yankees were coming up the Valley. Gloom pervaded the whole community, and some made preparations for moving away. General Lomax came to town and ordered the impressment of teams to haul bacon, &amp;c., to Lexington. No definite information could be gotten from Richmond. News came up the Valley that 300 Federal cavalry came to Woodstock yesterday. A fine day. Shower after dark. Colonel O'Ferrall attacked the enemy in camp at Hawkinstown and routed them.

Tuesday, April 4.-Spent to-day in getting transportation, &c., to move away. Town full of rumors. Richmond has certainly been given up, and Lee has gone toward Danville. R[obinson] reducing Valley map; Wilson copying vicinity of Lynchburg. I corrected Valley map some. Fine day.

Wednesday, April 5.-W[ilson] as yesterday; I corrected Valley map; R[obinson] reducing Roanoke County. The enemy is again advancing up the Valley. Encamped last night at Fisher's Hill and came to-day to Maurertown, our cavalry skirmishing with them. I went home in the p. m. and spent the night. Started Robinson with my maps to Lynchburg. A fine day, but cloudy.

Thursday, April 6.-I came back to Staunton at an early hour. The enemy is still advancing up the Valley; also said to be at Christiansburg. our trains from Richmond going toward Lynchburg; the enemy at Goochland Court-House. It rained quite hard last night and this a. m. We spent the day in Stauntion. Late in the p. m. it was reported that the enemy had gone back down the Valley. Fine day.

Friday, April 7.-Lomax's division started toward Lexington yesterday in the p. m. and went some ten miles, and to-day it went through Lexington and to the mouth of Buffalo Creek. I accompanied it. Supped at Colonel Preston's. We marched until 10 p. m. General Lomax went ten miles farther to the "Rope Ferry." Fine day. Country full of rumors and much excited. Rode forty-six miles.

Saturday, April 8.-We continued the march to-day by the Amherst road to Lynchburg. Got there after dark. General Lomax reached there about 2 p. m. The citizens had determined to surrender the place, and were much excited at the near approach of the enemy from the west, a few hundred; but General Lomax soon restored confidence, and got convalescents, &c., into the trenches; but he soon found that only a small force was coming from the west and that it had retired, so he put his cavalry toward Farmville, as reports came of disasters to General Lee's army, which was at Appomattox Station. We traveled thirty-six miles. Fine day. Peaches, apples, &c., in full bloom.

Sunday, April 9.-We rode around the city to see its defenses. Went also to the cavalry camp three miles down the river. news came rapidly that our army lost most of its train and artillery yesterday, and that there was a fight this morning and the army had surrendered. It was confirmed later in the day, and sadness and gloom pervaded the entire community. Generals Rosser and Munford came in late in the day, and the town was full of fugitives. Cool, part of the day. I went out to General Jackson's camp for the night.

Monday, April 10.-We marched at 6 a. m. toward Danville,v ia Campbell Court-House. The command went to Pannill's Bridge. General Lomax went by the Ward road. The train and artillery started yesterday. I crossed to it from Campbell Court-House, and went across Ward's Bridge and four miles beyond to McDaniel's. Saw General Rosser on the road, going to Danville to see General R. E. Lee, who was said to have gone down the day before. It rained a good deal of

