
the day. Rode thirty miles. The country is full of fugitives from the surrender.

Tuesday, April 11.-We rode to seven miles beyond Pittsylvania Court-House, toward Danville. The division came by Chalk Level to a few miles beyond the Court-House. It misted in the morning, cool in a. m., warmer in p. m. Vegetation quite forward. Majors Howard and Rowland and myself spend the night at Doctor Hutchins'.

Wednesday, April 12.-We went to the division camp at --- Meeting-House. Heard positively that General R. E. Lee had surrendered himself. A good portion of the division went off last night, and Colonel Nelson to-day disbanded his artillery, leaving everything at Pittsylvania Court-House. I soon ascertained that the Virginia troops had all determined to go home, and that the surrender of General Lee had caused nearly every one to give up all hopes for the Confederacy. Though many had escaped without being paroled, only now and then one had a gun. A complete demoralization had taken place. General Rosser saw the Secretary of War at Danville, and to-day passed through Pittsylvania Court-House toward Lynchburg, where he disbanded his division on Monday last. General Lomax went to Danville to see the Secretary of War. The division melted away during the day, and but few were left to follow General W. L. jackson when he turned back toward the Valley. Major Howard and myself went to the Courth-House, dined at Judge Gilmer's, and then, in company with Colonel Nelson and others, went to Bergers Store and two miles beyond, toward Toler's Ferry. Nearly every house was full of soldiers going home, and we had much trouble in finding quarters. Fine day, but it rained most of the evening and night. Skulkers and deserters are coming out of their holes.

Thursday, April 13.-We started early; crossed the Staunton River, much swollen, at Toler's Ferry. Fed at Mr. Leftwich's, and went on through Liberty to Nichols', on the Peaks road. Rode thirty-four miles. Very fine day. The full spring tide of growth. vegetation much advanced. Fully six weeks earlier than last year. Some Federal cavalry at Lynchburg. Country getting quite quiet. The paroled men are getting home. We wish to find the wagons to get our baggage.

Friday, April 14.-We started quite early and went by the Peaks Gap to Buchanan, working our way through the blockade made against Sheridan in March. Found everything gone from Buchanan, so went toward Salem as far as Blue Ridge Tavern; then went home with mr. Obechain for the night. Fine spring day; apples, peaches, &amp;c., in full bloom in the Valley. Rode thirty-six miles. Heard that Echols had disbanded his force at Wytheville,s ave a few cavalry with which he had started for the Trans-Mississippi Department, via Kentucky. It rained some late in the p. m.

Saturday, April 15.-I spent the day at Mr. Obenchain's, suffering from a boil on my left breast. Major Howard went to the turnpike to ascertain where the train was. It was quite cool and rained most of the day.

Sunday, April 16.-We went to Buchanan, met Robinson there, and found where the train had gone to, and where the property had been distributed. Major Howard went back toward Salem, and R[obinson] and myself went on to Lenxington;' got there about dark and put up with the Rev. W. H. Ruffner. Pleasant day; road muddy. Jackson's and Lomax's divisions disbanded at Buchanan yesterday until the 1st of May.

Monday, April 17.-We spend the morning in Lexington, arranging some business. Saw Colonel George [H.] Smith and General W. N. Pendleton.

