
Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant John M. Webb, Ninth New York Cavalry, of operations March 14.

CAMP OF DETACHMENT NINTH NEW YORK CAVALRY,

March 16, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report after making a reconnaissance to Woodstock:

I left camp at 6 o'clock on the morning of the 14th instant; arrived at Firsher's Hill at 12 m., where I discovered a small party of the enemy's cavalry, not exceeding twenty in number, filing from the top of Round Top Mountain to the right. I halted the column a short time, when I pushed forward, arrived at Woodstock at 4 p. m., where I found about fifteen of the enemy, but they made well their escape as we entered the town. I stopped the column on the north side of the town, forming a picket-line around the city, and went into camp. At 8 o'clock in the evening my line was attacked in three separate places; the enemy charged the post on the pike leading to Edenburg, capturing one man and wounding the second. I then established the line again, but the enemy were continually harassing the line, and about 11 p. m. I withdrew the line to the north side of the town, also moving the reserve back about 100 rods, where I was troubled only by an occasional shot. At 4 o'clock on the morning of the 15th I returned to camp, finding nothing to impede the march, arriving at camp at 1 p. m.

Very respectfully,

JNO. M. WEBB,

First Lieutenant, Ninth New York Cavalry, Commanding Scout.

Major WILLIAM RUSSELL, Jr.,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Corps, Middle Military Division.

Numbers 4. Report of Major David T. Bunker, Third Massachusetts Cavalry, of operations March 16.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD MASSACHUSETTS CAVALRY,March 16, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report as commanding officer of a scouting party ordered from this regiment to-day for Front Royal.

I communicated with the infantry regiment about six miles from Winchester, on their return from White Post. I then proceeded by the Front Royal pike to the Shenandoah River and crossed a part of my force through the North Fork, but found the South Fork too full to cross with safety. Rumors from General Sheridan last Sunday Fork too full to cross with safety. Rumors from General Sheridan last Sunday were that his troops, or a part, were between Little Washington and Flint Hill. Rumors' are afloat in Front Royal that the "Yankee cavalry are coming through Chester Gap" soon. There are "many rebel troops" in Front Royal and cross the Ridge. Five rebels-Meade, Horton, Eddy, and two brothers Hughes, five in all-are at White Post to-night. They left town when the infantry arrived yesterday, but returned so

