
soon as they left. I am not familiar with the country about White Post, and having no guide, he having failed to report, I did not attempt their capture.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

DAVID T. BUNKER,

Major Third Massachusetts Cavalry.

Major WILL RUMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 5. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John B. Mead, Eighth Vermont Infantry, of operations March 16-17.
HDQRS. EIGHT VERMONT VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,Summit Point, Va., March 17, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report upon an expedition from which I have just returned, made pursuant to orders received "take a tour through the country in the vicinity of Kabletown, Myerstown, and Shenandoah Ferry, to obtain all possible information as to the movements of guerrillas, and arrest all citizens found in any way concerting with the enemy":

In obedience to such orders, I started at 7 o'clock on the morning of the 16th instant, taking direction across the country, striking the Charleston and Berryville pike at Rippon. Here I found several citizens upon horseback, and upon learning from them that they were going to an auction sale about one mile to the left of Kabletown, I retained and required them to pilot me direct to the place, thinking to find some of the enemy thereabouts. But, upon arriving at the place of sale, found nothing but apparently a few quiet citizens, who, upon examination, claimed to know nothing of any movements of the enemy, or to have been in any way concerned therein. I should have said that, previous to this, I fell in with three scouts belonging to Colonel Reno, at Charleston, who informed me that a company of cavalry had that morning passed on the pike toward Berryville, on their way to the ferry at Snicker's Gap. I then passed through Kabletown and Myerstown, to a point near the Shenandoah River; found that the force that crossed the river last Monday was variously estimated from 100 to 200, and that nothing had been seen of them since; that small parties of from six to fifteen or twenty men were occasionally seen, and that they were not to be seen when any sufficient force was likely to encounter them, which I found to be true, as I saw nothing of any armed force whatever. I encamped for the night near Berryville; was fortunate to find shelter for the men, as the change in the weather was very sudden and the rain and hail came in torrents in the night.

On the morning of the 17th started, taking the pike to Berryville, passing through the old camp-ground at that place. Here I learned of another small party of guerrillas being seen on the morning of the 15th, but could not learn which was they had gone. Feeling satisfied that I had obtained all the information I could from the citizens, and that I should not have the pleasure of encountering or capturing any of the

