
enemy, I took up march from camp, arriving at about noon to-day. Distance traveled yesterday, as estimated by the citizens, seventeen miles, and about eight to-day.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. B. MEAD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain F. W. NOBLETT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, First Div., Nineteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 6. Report of Major Charles C. Brown, Twenty-second New York Cavalry, of operations March 17-19.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-SECOND NEW YORK CAVALRY,March 19, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with orders from Brevet Major-General Torbert, commanding Cavalry Corps, Middle Military Division, I left Winchester on the morning of the 17th at 1.30 o'clock, and moved up the Back orad to Cedar Creek, with the intention of crossing at tether Fawcett's or Mount Hope Gap. On arriving at Cedar Creek I found the water so high that it was impossible to cross. I then moved by a mountain road and struck the Moorefiled pike, moving up Cedar Valley, crossing Cedar Creek at the entrance of Rudolph's Pass, crossed the mountain by that pass, and struck on the Back road, moving up on that road as a far as the cross-road leading to Woodstock, where I encamped for the night. The guide (Sailor) judging from Cedar Creek and all the runs that we passed that it would be dangerous, if not impossible, to cross Stony Creek, and also the fact that it would be impossible for me to reach Columbia Furnace without the enemy being notified of my approach, I decided to move directly to Woodstock, and then to Edenburg, if I found it necessary. On arriving at Woodstock the scouts dashed through the town, followed by the advance guard, capturing two rebel cavalrymen, dismounted, belonging to Gilmore's battalion; one or two others managed to get away. From information gained from Union families along the route and at Woodstock, I found that there was no force at all this side of New Market, and doubtful if any this side of Staunton. From the time we left Winchester till we reached Woodstock but two rebel soldiers were seen; all that I conversed with gave the same information, that all the soldiers were moving up the Valley. By one Union family in Woodstock I was told that there was an order for all of Rosser's command to meet at or near Staunton, and that small parties of six or eight were passing about every day through Woodstock and on the Back road up the Valley, and none moving down. The scout Stearns, who had been lying at or near Woodstock for a week, confirmed this information from his own knowledge. His impression was, he told me, that Rosser had gathered about 800 men between New Market and Staunton, and that his intention was to make a raid in some direction down one of the valleys. Among the Union families in Woodstock the impression prevailed that Rosser was gathering in his cavalry with the purpose of withdrawing toward Richmond, instead of a raid down the Valley. Having been frustrated by the high water in my my intention of passing to the rear of

