
Numbers 7. Report of Captain Henry P. Underhill, One hundred and sixtieth New York Infantry, of operations March 20.
HDQRS. 160 THE REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Campt Babcock, Va., March 20, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders I left camp with the One hundred and sixtieth New York Volunteers at 6.30 o'clock this a. m., and proceeding down the Berryville and Smithfield pike about two miles, took the Rippon cross-road, and marched through Rippon to Myerstown. There I ordered the right wing, under Captain J. B. Burrud, to take the road, which I was told led straight to the river, and, after reaching the river, to wait till the left wing should join him. I then took the left wing and marched to Kabletown, and then turning to the right, by a farm road, proceeded to the river, striking it near Myer's Ford. I there found the right wing, their route, instead of leading straight to the river, bending obliquently to the left, and striking the river opposite Kabletown at Myers' Ford. Withe the entire regiment I then followed the bank of the river up to Long Marshy Run, turning to the right, I struck over the country, by cross-roads, crossing the Berryville and Charleston pike, and reached the Berryville and Smithfield pike some three miles from camp. I reached camp at 6.30 p. m., having been gone just twelve hours, making between twenty-five and thirty miles. The river was too deep to be forded at any of the crossings. It must fall two feet before cavalry can cross at Backhouse Ford, and five feet before it can be crossed at Rocky or Myers' Fords. The river is now falling very rapidly. I saw no parties of mounted men, and only now and then solitary horsemen. I heard of but one party of the enemy, estimated at six or seven strong, which was said to have had a skirmish last Monday with a party of our men, and when seen on that day were going off rapidly, having one prisoners. Another party was seen to-day be several persons living between the Berryville and Charleston and Berryville and Smithfield pikes, and was estimated at fifteen or twenty strong. I could not learn whether the latter party belonged to the union or rebel army. I think, however, it was a party of our scouts.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY P. UNDERHILL,

Captain, Commanding 160th New York Volunteers.

Captain F. W. NOBLETT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, First Div., Nineteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 8. Report of Captain William H. Oliver, Fourth New York Cavalry, of operations March 20-21.
HDQRS. FOURTH REGIMENT NEW YORK CAVALRY,March 22, 1865.

I have the honor to make the following report of the scout upon which I was ordered on the morning of the 20th instant:

I left Winchester at 7 a. m. on the morning of the 20th, by the way of the Winchester grade road, traveling a distance of twenty-two miles

