
and encamping at 4 p. m. at Big Paddy's Gap, in Cedar Velley. Started the next day at 2 a. m. for Woodstock, at which place I arrived at 10 o'clock. I immediately pushed on for Edenburg. My advance guard charged the town, capturing a captain of the Twelfth Virginia Cavalry and two prisoners. I learned at this point from a Union refugee on his way from Staunton that there were but two small companies of rebel cavalry stationed at New Market, numbering sixty men, and that they were picketing Rude's Hill with a picket of one non-commissioned officer and six men. I also learned from parties whom I deemed good authority (Union citizens of Woodstock) that General Rosser's headquarters were at Staunton by the way of Buffalo Gap. I also captured, on the way from Winchester to woodstock, two privates of Imboden's and one of Rosser's command.

On my return from Edenburg I halted at Woodstock for an hour to feed horses, &amp;c. Started from there at 1 o'clock, and when near Fisher's Hill my advance encountered a force of rebel cavalry, whom fired on them, killing the lieutenant's horse in command of the advance guard. I estimate that their force did not consist of more than thirty or thirty-five men.

I arrived at Winchester at 10 p. m. without suffering any loss, either in killed, wounded, or missing. Two of my men were dismounted, but I succeeded, however, in remounting them.

I have the honor to remain, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. OLIVER,

Captain, Commanding Fourth New York Cavalry.

Colonel IVES,

Commanding Detachments First and Third Cavalry Divisions.

Cavalry Corps, Middle Military Division.

Numbers 9. Report of Colonel Marcus A. Reno, Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, of operations March 20-25.
HDQRS. TWELFTH PENNSYLVANIA VOL. CAVALRY,Charleston, Va., March 29, 1865.

I have the honor to submit the following report of operations in the Valley of Virginia, in pursuance to instructions from Middle Military Division headquarters, dated March 17, 1865:

The command-First [U. S.] Veteran [Volunteer Infantry], Lieutenant-Colonel Bird; Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Captain McAllaster, and Loudoun County Rangers, Captain Grubb-left the bridge at Harper's

Ferry at 9.30 a. m. March 20, and that night encamped at Hillsborough, the cavalry moving by way of Lovettsville, destroying what forage could be found in the possession of disloyal persons. 21st, marched to Purcellville, moving the cavalry by way of Leesburg, Waterford, and Wheatland, with the same instructions; the cavalry reported to me at Purcellville, and with the whole command, I moved to Hamilton, near which point I attacked Mosby's command, who was posted on the road leading to Middleburg. The enemy succeeded in throwing the cavalry into some confusion, but they were easily driven away by a volley from the infantry. I followed them as far and as fast as I could

