
until dark, and encamped for the night on a branch of Goose Creek. My loss was 9 killed and 12 wounded; the enemy lost about the same, including three captains killed, and four commissioned officers wounded, and six prisoners. I did not succeed in bringing him to close quarters again. 22nd, marched to Bloomfield, via Snickersville, and encamped, the cavalry destroying what forage could be found. 23rd, marched from Bloomfield, via Upperville and Middleburg, to Goose Creek, sending the cavalry to destroy what could be found. I was skirmishing all day with the enemy, who, by this time, had congregated some 500 men. He had some few casualties. At this point met Colonel Gamble with command, Eighth Illinois Cavalry and section artillery, in pursuit of Mosby' marched thence to Prucellville, via Philomont and Union; arrived at Harper's Ferry March 25. My return was hastened one day by the upsetting of a wagon in Goose Creek, in which were the short rations of Colonel Bird's command. I found a good deal of information about Mosby, and think he can be ousted, but it would take some time to effect it. Colonel Bird and his men behaved most handsomely. I inclose nominal statement of casualties in the command.

Very respectfully,

M. A. RENO,

Colonel, Commanding Expedition.

Brigadier General C. H. MORGAN,

Chief of Staff.

Numbers 10. Report of Major William Russell, jr., Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, of operations March 27-29.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,March 29, 1865.

GENERAL: In compliance with your orders, I left Winchester on the morning of the 27th instant, with a detachment of 300 men, to go up the Valley as far as Woodstock, for the purpose of ascertaining the position and strength of any force of the enemy in the Valley. I arrived at Woodstock at 4 p. m., and three ascertained through citizens, and two refugees who came from Staunton on Saturday last, that there was no force of any nature between Staunton and this place. At Edenburg there is a small picket of not more than twenty men, stationed there for the purpose of preventing deserters and refugees from coming north. At New Market there is a small provost guard, left there for the purpose of collecting any men of Rosser's command and sending them to Gordonsvillee, where it is said that Rosser it collecting what forces he can; also, that Imboden's command has been ordered to report to him. The present whereabouts of Imboden's command I could not ascertain. The most significant information I received was that the re-enforcements sent to Lynchburg at the time General Sheridan was approaching that place consisted of the Engineer Brigade from Richmond, composed of 1,800 men, who were to strengthen the works, and it was the opinion of my informant (a citizens of Woodstock) that no other troops had been sent there.

The inhabitants of the Valley being cut off from southern communication by the destruction of the Virginia Central Railroad, it is difficult

