
the whereabouts of the articles, and said he supposed of course I knew the parties concerned, and acknowledged that Thomas Wills, a noted rebel and Confederate conscript officer, was one of the main speculators, also Mr. Julius Waddles, who claims to be a Union man (but who is not so represented by many of the inhabitants in that vicinity whom I believe to be Union). I found 112 bunches of cotton yarn (called by them cotton), five pounds in each bunch, at Mr. Capper's, and 23 bunches at Jacob Oats', near Mr. Capper's, and 151 bunches at Mrs. Joseph Eaton's, three miles west of Mr. Capper's, on Capon River, all stored at the several places above mentioned. There is another man concerned in the same kind of traffic, by the name of Silket (John or Aaron), and there are also 3,400 bunches of cotton reported undiscovered by us, and 15 more boxes of tobacco.

The tobacco delivered here consists of eight boxes, marked to contain 883 pounds. One box was broken open and distributed among the Fifth New York Cavalry by one of the officers belonging to it, after Colonel Boice took charge of it, and eleven bunches of the cotton were missing upon delivery, and, I am informed, some of it was seen strapped on the saddles of the Fifth Cavalry. For reference see Sailor, General torbert's scout.

Mr. J. W. Hook, a loyal citizens, was unfortunately wounded through mistake, the facts of which you have been informed verbally. One prisoner was taken in bed at Jacob Oats', with arms and uniform lying on the table at his bedside.

Several articles were taken at Mr. Anderson's, a loyal citizen, under circumstances at the time well calculated to brand the parties as rebels, but after the mistake was discovered many of the articles were returned, and the balance will, I trust, be returned soon.

Several other articles were taken at other places, in a cowardly and unsoldierly manner, some by my scouts and some by the men of the column supporting me. Some of the articles so taken I have discovered, and am taking all steps possible to find the rest and punish the guilty parties.

The rebel force above mentioned left for up the Valley on the 10th instant, and the whole country in that vicinity I believe to be free from rebel soldiers.

Cotton yarn seized, 286 bunches (about 5 pounds each); delivered here, 275 bunches (about 5 pounds each). Tobacco seized, 9 boxes (over 100 pounds each); delivered here, 8 boxes (over 100 pounds each).

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. H. DRAPER,

Second Lieutenant, Twenty-first New York Cavalry,

Commanding Scouts, Headquarters Middle Military Division.

General MORGAN,

Chief of Staff, Middle Military Department.

Numbers 14. Report of General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army, of operations March 5-7.
HEADQUARTERS,March 9, 1865.

General Rosser reports that on the 6th [5th], with a few of his men, he attacked the enemy near Harrisonburg, who were guarding prisoners taken at Waynesborough, and captured a few prisoners.

