
As the water in the river was falling rapidly I did not deem it safe to remain after having accomplished what has already been reported. The force re-embarked at 4 p. m., and the left the city, amid the openly expressed regrets of the crowd who witnessed our departure. I brought with me a citizen, Doctor Rose, the consignee of the tobacco which I had captured. I forward him to General Patrick, for the purpose of explaining certain stronage statements concerning this property; I would add that his statements were confirmed by common report in the city. Not a casualty occurred in the command. The fleet reached Fort Monroe at 9 p. m. March 8.

Having, in accordance with instructions received from General Grant, turned over the property and prisoners brought with me, I intend, in further obedience to his orders, to start to-morrow morning for the Potomac and the Coan River. Forty-five thousand one hundred pounds of tobacco, 80 bushels of grain, 46 muskets, 15 sabers, 2 horses, and 12 mules were turned over to the proper authorities at Fort Monroe. The other mules and the wagons are retained for further use. A careful estimate of the whole property captured shows its value to be about $700,000 in U. S. currency.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. H. ROBERTS,

Colonel 139th New York Volunteers, Commanding.

Brigadier General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff of Lieutenant-General Commanding.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Rawley W. Martin, Fifty-third Virginia Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES LOWER RAPPAHANNOCK,Dunnsville, March 6, 1865-9 a. m.

CAPTAIN: Two of the enemy's war steamers, and eleven transports with bow guns, have just passed up the river, and are now six miles above Tappahannock. All the boats are heavily laden, and move up the river rapidly without shelling, except at one or two points. Our artillery was insufficient to keep them back. The mounted reserves are following up the river, and will report any movement an shore. While I write two more boats, with a schooner in tow, are passing. The movement seems to indicate a demonstration into the country, somewhere near Fredericksburg.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. MARTIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding, &amp;c.

Captain R. H. CATLETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain Littleburry W. Allen, Twenty-fourth Virginia Cavalry.

APPLEWOOD, CAROLINE [COUNTY],

March 8, 1865-3 a. m.

COLONEL: Early yesterday morning one of my scouts reported the enemy in Fredericksburg. I went to ascertain the truth of the report.

