
I proceeded to Frederickburg, passing by Hamilton's Crosing. At the crossing they burnt everything of value, some thirty cars, seventeen of which were loaded with tobacco. The bridge over the Massaponax was also burned. No other injury to the road. They captured fifty-six mules and burned the wagons. All the colored drivers but one went with them. In the city they took and carried off some 500 boxes of tobacco. The provost-marshal (Captain Doggett), with most of his men, escaped. The expedition consisted of two gun-boats and five transports, conveying one brigade of infantry, under the command of Brigadier-General Roberts, and one regiment of cavalry, commanded by Colonel Sumner.

General Roberts informed Mr. Slaughter (the mayor) that the expedition was fitted out by General Grant to break up the illicit trade in tobacco, which he had heard was carried on in Fredericksburg, and which he was determined to break up. They left at 5 o'clock this afternoon, and proceeded down the river. I left the city at 7 o'clock, and am now at home my way to camp.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. W. ALLEN,

Captain, Co. F, 24th Virginia Cavalry, Commanding at Taylrosville.

Colonel EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,March 8, 1865.

Respectfully submitted to the honorable Secretary of War for his information.

R. E. LEE,

General.

MARCH 7, 1865.-Skirmish near Flint Hill, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel Nelson B. Sweitzer, Sixteenth New York Cavalry.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Olney K. Gault, Sixteenth New York Cavalry.

Numbers 3.-Serg. Otto Richter, Company I, Sixteenth New York Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Nelson B. Sweitzer, Sixteenth New York Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH NEW YORK CAVALRY,Vienna, March 8, 1865.

CAPTAIN: Inclosed I have the honor to transmit the report of Lieutenant O. K. Gault, Sixteenth New York Cavalry, concerning the attack on his party of one sergeant and privates of this regiment, en route from Vienna, Va., to Fairfax Court-House, Va., on the 7th instant; also the report of the sergeant of the party made to the captain of his company and referred to these headquarters.

The officer in charge of the patrol was one in whom I thought caution and forethought concerning the details of the march of a patrol in flankers, &amp;c., were his special recommendations. He has been but

35 R R-VOL XLVI, PT I

