
The patrol left camp for Fairfax Court-House at 1 p. m., under command of Second Lieutenant Gault, of Company A, and consisted of one sergeant and twenty privates. About one mile and a half from Flint Hill, and near the Fairfax road, in an open field, we saw about thirty mounted men, approaching us at a distance of 300 or 400 yards. The patrol was marching in column by twos, without an advance guard or flankers. We immediately discovered that the advancing force was the enemy approaching at an easy canter, in scattered ranks. The attention of the lieutenant commanding was called to them, and at my request he ordered the column to form into line,which order he repeated three times hastily. I immediately moved to the right of the line into my proper position, and looking around I was surprised to see the lieutenant galloping from the field to the rear, followed by the men, first from the rear and center. I heard the lieutenant give no other order than that above stated. The men followed the retreating officer.

I remain, sir, your obedient servant,

OTTO RICHTER,

Sergeant, Company I, Sixteenth New York Cavalry.

MARCH 10-11, 1865.-Expedition from Suffolk, Va., to Murfree's Depot, N. C., with skirmish (10th) at Suth Quay, Va.

Report of Colonel George W. Lewis, Third New York Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Suffolk, Va., March 12, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in pursuance with instructions received from you, I left Suffolk at 5 a. m. March 10, my command consisting of 225 men from the Third New York Cavalry, 225 men from the Thirteenth New York Independent Battery. I sent three companies of cavalry in advance to, if possible, capture the ferry-boat at South Quay. On arriving at the Blackwater they discovered the boat on the opposite side. The enemy, although in small force, were very strongly entrenched, and successfully disputed the crossing until my main column came up at 3 p. m. I at once commenced crossing my men in small boats, several hundred feet this side of the ferry, landing them in a densely wooded swamp, intending to work through and get in the enemy's rear. Before, however, a sufficient number of men could be got over darkness set in and I sent two men over in small boats to capture the ferry, which they succeeded in doing although under a severe fire. having obtained the ferry I set to work crossing my command. Started from the other side toward Murfree's Depot at 8.30 p. m. and arrived there at 10.3- p. m. Found from 40 to 50 bales of cotton and a small lot of corn, all of which I destroyed, together with the depot, warehouse, and other buildings used as barracks by the enemy. Having obeyed my instructions and thereby accomplished the object of the expedition, I returned to the Blackwater and recrossed, arriving on this side at 6 a. m. on the 11th instant.

Casualties: 1 man killed, 1 man wounded, and 1 man missing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. LEWIS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain S. L. MCHENRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

