
The casualties, which were all among the cavalry, were 1 commissioned officer and 5 enlisted men wounded. Five cavalrymen were captured from us, including 2 of the wounded, and 2 of the enemy's men were captured and retained by us. Four citizens, of suspicious antecedents, were also taken and brought away. The enemy followed us closely on our return and twice charged our rear guard, but were repulsed. It is not supposed over to provost-marshal at Point Lookout, and my force is now on its way to the White House, as ordered.

In closing my report I desire to call to the notice of the lieutenant-general commanding the services of Captain James, assistant quartermaster at Fortress Monroe, who rendered me important aid with the utmost alacrity.

I inclose the report of Captain Harris, of the Mosswood, who was sent to patrol the Rappahannock during our operations on the north side of the river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. H. ROBERTS,

Colonel 139th New York Volunteers, Commanding.

Brigadier General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff to Lieutenant-General Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

U. S. ARMY GUN-BOAT MOSSWOOD,

White House, Va., March 14, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders received from General Roberts, on the 11th instant, I proceeded up the Rappahannock River as far as Urbana, where I awaited the arrival of the other gun-boats. During the night I picked up a darken, who informed me that the enemy had three pieces of artillery near Lowry's Point. On the morning of the 12th instant I was signaled by the steamer Morse that she had been attacked by a shore battery. I immediately got under way, steamed up the river, found the Morse out of range of the battery, but continuing a heavy fire with her 100-pounder Parrott. When within three-quarters of a mile from the battery I opened fire, which they returned briskly, their shot going over and far beyond us. After a spirited engagement of one hour and fifteen minutes they were compelled to withdraw. I laid off and on, but finding that they did not reappear I dropped down the river and anchored. The steamer Commodore Read, Lieutenant-Commander Hooker, then came in sight. Captain Hooker requested me to drop down the river and ascertain if there were any guns at Jone's Point, also to communicate with your forces, if possible. During the night I received orders to report at this place, where I arrived at 4 p. m.

I am much indebted to the naval forces for lying by me while my vessel was ashore and assisting me in getting afloat.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

ARNOLD HARRIS,

Commanding.

[Captain WILLIAM S. HUBBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

