
MARCH 12, 1865.-Skirmish near Peach Grove, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel William Gamble, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, commanding First Separate Brigade, Department of Washington.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Henry S. Gansevoort, Thirteenth New York Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel William Gamble, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, commanding First Separate Brigade, Department of Washington.
HEADQUARTERS SEPARATE BRIGADE, Fairfax Court-House, Va., March 12, 1865-6.30 p. m.

COLONEL: The patrol of one officer, sergeant, and twenty men, Thirteenth New York Cavalry, was attacked by guerrillas at 1 p. m. about two miles beyond Vienna, this side of Peach Grove stockade. Lieutenant Cuyler was with the party, and reports by signal from Vienna 2 men killed, 5 wounded, 6 horses killed, and 1 wounded. The balance of the patrol came into Vienna. A detailed report will be sent so soon as received. I have ordered a squadron from Prospect Hill to march through the woods one mile west on the flank of the daily patrol until the cavalry now out returns, when the country in front will be swept by the whole cavalry force at night, and every house examined from here to Bull Run Mountain, at the same time, where the guerrillas stop at night.

W. GAMBLE,Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff, Department of Washington.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Henry S. Gansevoort, Thirteenth New York Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH NEW YORK CAVALRY, Prospect Hill, Va., March 13, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report all quiet at this post for the last twenty-four hours. Yesterday Lieutenant Freeman, Company H, Thirteenth New York Cavalry, and twenty men, comprising the escort for Vienna, were attacked near Peach Grove by a force of the enemy in ambush in the pines, estimated from 80 to 100. The escort charged the rebels and were well handled by the officer in command. In the charge the officer escaped, but a corporal and a private were killed and 8 men were severely wounded; 7 (including 3 slightly wounded) were taken prisoners by the enemy, whose loss, further than 1 killed and several wounded, is not known. They left in great haste, dividing into three parties, one known to number sixty men. A report reached me this morning that a large force of the enemy was in front, endeavoring to cut off some of the wood teams. I have just returned with all my available cavalry from near Dranesville, without discovering anything of the enemy. On this account the escort was to-day delayed.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,H. S. GANSEVOORT,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain C. I. WICKERSHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Separate Brigade.

