
MARCH 14-16, 1865.-Scout from Philippi to Carrick's Ford, W. Va.

Report of Lieutenant George W. Cable, Eighth Ohio Cavalry.

PHILIPPI, W. VA., March 16, 1865-6 p. m.

SIR: In obedience to instructions from you, I proceeded on an expedition to Red Creek. Leaving this place at 4 p. m. on the 14th instant I proceeded to Meadowville. After passing through I halted, fed, and rested for two hours, then took up the march for Carrick's Ford, crossing the road from Beverly to Saint George. Arriving as the ford at 8 a. m. on the morning of the 15th, I found the river so swollen and the current so swift that I deemed it dangerous to cross. However, not wishing to give it up without a trial, I selected four men on the best horses, and started them across. As soon as they got into the channel two of the horses were taken off their feet and swept down the stream, and both men and horses were with difficulty saved from drowning. I then went farther up and tried to cross at other fords, but met with no better results. I then returned to Clover Run, where there was forage, and camped for the night, leaving three men to watch and see whether the river feel enough through the night to admit of a crossing the next morning.

Early in the morning of the 16th the men came in and reported the river still rising; also that the cause of the rising was the melting of the snow in the mountains and not the rain that had been pouring down in torrents the previous night and day; therefore, I concluded not to cross, for had I succeeded in doing so, with the addition of the falling rain, I would have become water-bound and had to remain in a country that would not subsist man nor horses. Accordingly I set out on my return, having marched up to this time forty miles and farther, the roads being greatly obstructed by falling timber and slides, which made it very hard travelling, thus making it impossible to have reached Red Creek by the time laid down.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. CABLE,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Expedition.

Major A. DOTZE,

Commanding Eighth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

MARCH 14-17, 1865.-Scout from New Creek to Moorefield, W. Va.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Andrew J. Greenfield, Twenty-second Pennsylvania Cavalry.

HDQRS. TWENTY-SECOND PENNSYLVANIA VOL. CAVALRY, New Creek, W. Va., March 18, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report:

On Tuesday, the 14th instant, in obedience to orders from your headquarters, I left camp with 250 men, arriving at Moorefield 6 o'clock Wednesday morning. On entering I made such disposition of the command as I thought might intercept and capture any parties that might be occupying the place. I there ascertained, from what I deemed

