
reliable authority, that all the rebel forces in that vicinity had been ordered to the Valley, there being no organized force at Moorefield, Petersburg, or Franklin. I directed Captain McNulty to proceed with 100 men rapidly up the South Fork eight or ten miles, which he did, dispersing a small party of guerrillas, killing and wounding two, and returning with a few prisoners. The river rising rapidly I was compelled to recross to the west side. Two horses were drowned in fording. Having marched rapidly over sixty miles, I rested until 3 a. m. 16th. The river not being fordable I divided the command, one detachment, 120 men, proceeding via Petersburg and Williamsport, the other detachment returning, via Mill Creek road, to Burlington, the place of rendezvous. Owing to the swollen streams the plans of the general could not be fully carried out. I have the names of a number of prominent rebel citizens who have been arrested and have taken the oath, yet I doubt very much whether they have kept it strictly. I could not, however, obtain sufficient evidence to convict them, therefore did not arrest them. The two detachments, having arrived at Burlington, returned to camp at 5 p. m. 17th, with three prisoners and a number of horses.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. GREENFIELD,

Lieutenant-Colonel Twenty-second Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry.

Lieutenant H. J. JOHNSON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Infantry Div., Cumberland, Md.

MARCH 18, 1865.-Skirmish near Dranesville, Va.

Report of Colonel Henry S. Gansevoort, Thirteenth New York Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH NEW YORK CAVALRY, Camp Lowell, Prospect Hill, Va., March 19, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report all quiet. Yesterday a party of rebels crossed the front of this line, coming from Vienna. My available cavalry being absent from camp, flanking the Vienna escort, I followed them in person, with about thirty daily duty men, and succeeded in overtaking them between Dranesville and the Potomac. A skirmish ensued, in which fifteen of the enemy charged on eleven men of this regiment under Lieutenant Crawley, but were gallantly charged in turn by him and scattered through the pines. Several of the enemy are known to have been wounded, but escaped-one, evidently the leader, through the body-and several horses killed; one was taken prisoner, named Dowell, who is sent by escort to-day to your headquarters. Lieutenant Crawley received a wound in the left leg. I would respectfully report that the force of cavalry under my command is insufficient for the duties required at this point.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,H. S. GANSEVOORT,

Colonel Thirteenth New York Cavalry, Commanding Post.

Captain C. I. WICKERSHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Separate Brigade.

