
MARCH 22, 1865.-Skirmish near Patterson's Creek Station, W. Va.

Report of Colonel Daniel D. Johnson, Fourteenth West Virginia Infantry.
HDQRS. FOURTEENTH WEST VIRGINIA VOL. INFANTRY, Sir John's Run, W. Va., March 27, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the result of a skirmish which occurred between a detachment of Company H, of this regiment, and a party of rebel cavalry, supposed to be McNeill's old command, on the night of 22nd instant, about nine miles and a half from Patterson's Creek Station and at the house of a Mr. Baker.

On the evening of the 22nd instant Lieutenant G. W. Jolliffe, commanding Company H, sent out Lieutenant Martin and eleven men as a scout. On their arrival at the house of Mr. Baker, Lieutenant Martin posted a sentinel, and entered the house with the remainder of the detachment. After remaining in the house about an hour they were aroused by the firing of the sentinel, and, on rushing from the house, encountered at the fence a party of rebel cavalry, about sixty in number. The rebels made three successive charges upon Lieutenant Martin and men, but were each time repulsed, and at last retreated in confusion, leaving upon the field 2 men killed and 3 wounded. There were also 7 horses wounded and 2 killed. From a subsequent scout Lieutenant Jolliffe has ascertained that the rebels took with them several wounded men when they retreated. None of Lieutenant Martin's men were struck. Lieutenant Martin's detachment was armed with Henry rifles, and it is supposed the rebels thought from the rapid firing that his force was much larger than it really was.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,D. D. JOHNSON,

Colonel.

Lieutenant J. W. OVERTURF,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Infty. Div., Dept. of W. Va.

MARCH 28-APRIL 11, 1865.-Expedition from Deep Bottom, Va., to near Weldon, N. C., with skirmishes.

Report of Colonel Edwin V. Sumner, First New York Mounted Rifles.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST NEW YORK MOUNTED RIFLES, Suffolk, Va., April 11, 1865.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command:

On Tuesday, the 28th day of March, the regiment, numbering 700 men, was embarked at Deep Bottom and proceeded to Portsmouth, Va. It was there disembarked and encamped at Getty's Station until Friday, March 31, 1865. March 31, Lieutenant-Colonel Walsh, Thirteenth New York Heavy Artillery, reported to me with 300 infantry. This portion of the command, with supplies for both infantry and cavalry, were sent by transports through the canal to Winton, N. C. The cavalry marched from Suffolk Saturday morning, April 1, encamping at night within three miles of Winton. A party was sent down to the crossing to meet the gun-boats and transports. They were not there and did not arrive until the next evening, making a delay of twenty-four hours. This delay was unfortunate, inasmuch as it gave the enemy timely notice, and the necessary preparations to meet us were made. On the

