
Lee's army. During this day I accompanied General Meade's column, and about midnight received the following communication from General Lee:

APRIL 8, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

GENERAL: I received at a late hour your note of to-day. In mine of yesterday I did not intended to propose the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia, but to ask the terms of your proposition. To be frank, I do not think the emergency has arisen to call for the surrender of this army, but as the restoration of peace should be the sole object of all, I desired to know whether your proposals would lead to that end. I cannot, therefore, meet you with a view to surrender the Army of Northern Virginia, but as far as your proposal may affect the C. S. forces under my command, and tend to the restoration of peace, I should be pleased to meet you at 10 a. m., to-morrow, on the old stage roads to Richmond, between the picket-lines of the two armies.

R. E. LEE,

General.

Early on the morning of the 9th I returned him an answer as follows, ad immediately started to join the column south of the Appomattox:

APRIL 9, 1865.

General R. E. LEE:

GENERAL: Your note of yesterday is received. I have no authority to teat on the subject of peace; the meeting proposed for 10 a.m. to-day could lead to no good. I will state, however, general, that I am equally anxious for peace with yourself, and the whole North entertains the same feeling. The terms upon which peace can he had are well understood. By the South laying down their arms they will hasten that most desirable event, save thousands of human lives, and hundreds of millions of property ot yet destroyed. Seriously hoping that all our difficulties may be settled without the loss of another life, I subscribe myself, &amp;c.,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

On the morning of the 9th General Ord's command and the Fifth Corps reached Appomattox Station just as the enemy was making a desperate effort to break through our cavalry. The infantry was at once thrown in. Soon after a while flag was received, requesting a suspension of hostilities pending agitations for a surrender. Before reaching General Sheridan's headquarters I received the following from General Lee:

APRIL 9, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

GENERAL: I received your note of this morning on the picket-line, whither I had come to meet you and ascertain definitely what terms were embraced in your proposal of yesterday with reference to the surrender of this army. I now ask an interview in accordance with the officer contained in your letter of yesterday for that purpose.

R. E. LEE,

General.

The interview was held at Appomattox Court-House, the result of which is set forth in the following correspondence:

APPOMATTOX COURT-HOUSE, VA., April 9, 1865.

General R. E. LEE,

GENERAL: In accordance with the substance of my letter to you of the 8th instant, I propose to receive the surrender of the Army of northern Virginia on the following terms, to wit: Rolls of all the officers and men to be made in duplicate, one copy to

