
on Hatcher's Run, and his left extending to the Quaker road. Major-General Warren, commanding Fifth Corps, was directed at first to take position at the intersection of the Vaughan and Quaker roads, and subsequently, about noon of the 29th, he was ordered to move up the Quaker road beyond Gravelly Run.

These orders were duly executed, and by evening Major-General Humphreys was in position, his right resting near Dabney's Mill and his left near Gravelly Meeting-House, on the Quaker road. In taking this position Major-General Humphreys encountered but little opposition, meeting only a small force in a line of rifle-pits, who were quickly driven out. Major-General Warren was delayed in his movement by having to rebuild the bridge over Gravelly Run. The advance of his column. Brigadier-General Griffin's division, was attacked about 4 p.m., when about a mile and a half beyond Gravelly Run, by Bushrod Johnson's division. A spirited engagement ensued, in which Griffin handsomely repulsed and drove the enemy, capturing over 100 prisoners.

On the 30th Major-General Humphreys again advanced, driving the enemy into his main line of works, and by night occupying a line from the Crow house, on Hatcher's Run, to the intersection of the Dabney's Mill and Boydton plank roads.

Major-General Warren during this day advanced on the Quaker road to its intersection with the Boydton plank, and pushed Ayres' division in a northwesterly direction over to the White Oak road. No fighting of any consequence occurred this day, except picket skirmishing and exchange of artillery shots from the respective lines, now close to each other.

During the night of the 30th Major-General Humphreys, who had intrenched his line, was directed to relieve Griffin's division, Fifth Corps, by Miles' division, and Major-General Warren was ordered to move both Crawford and Griffin within supporting distance of Ayres, whose position on the extreme left was considered likely to invite attack.

On the 31st, about 10 a.m., Ayres, under General Warren's orders, advanced to dislodge the enemy in position on the White Oak road. Ayres' attack was unsuccessful, and was followed by such a vigorous attack of the enemy that Ayres was compelled to fall back upon Crawford, who, in turn, was so strongly pressed by the enemy as to force both divisions back in considerable disorder to the position occupied by Griffin, when the pursuit of the enemy ceased. Immediately on ascertaining the condition of affairs Major-General Humphreys was ordered to move to Warren's support, and that officer promptly sent Miles' division to attack in flank the force operating against Warren.

This movement was handsomely executed by Miles, who, attacking the enemy vigorously, drove him back to his former position on the White Oak road, capturing several colors and many prisoners.

In the meantime Warren advanced with Griffin's division, supported by such portions of Ayres' and Crawford's divisions as could be rallied, and regaining the position held by Ayres in the morning, Griffin attacked with Chamberlain's brigade, driving the enemy and securing a lodgment on the White Oak road.

These operations over, hearing firing to the left and rear, which was presumed to be the cavalry moving up from Dinwiddie Court-House, Warren was directed to send a brigade down the White Oak road to co-operate with the cavalry. This brigade by night reached the crossing of Gravelly Run, by the road leading through J. Boisseau's, where, not meeting any enemy, it bivouacked.

