
During the night, having been directed to send support to Major-General Sheridan at Dinwiddie Court-House, Major-General Warren was ordered to move with his whole corps, two divisions by the White Oak road and one by the Boydton plank road. Major-General Humphreys was ordered to extend his left as far as practicable consistent with its security.

During the foregoing operations the Sixth and Ninth Corps remained in the lines in front of Petersburg, with orders to watch the enemy closely, and, in the event of the lines in their front being weakened, to attack.

On April 1, after consultation with the lieutenant-general commanding, believing from the operations on his right that the enemy's lines on his left must be thinly held, orders were sent to Major-Generals Wright and Parke to attack the next morning at 4. About 7 p.m., intelligence having been received of the brilliant success of the cavalry and Fifth Corps at Five Forks, orders were sent to Generals Parke and Wright to open their batteries and press the enemy's picket-line. At the same time Miles' division, Second Corps, was detached to the support of Major-General Sheridan, and Major-General Humphreys advised of the intended attacks of the Twenty-fourth, Sixth, and Fifth Corps, and directed to hold his two remaining divisions ready to co-operate in the same, should they prove successful.

On the 2nd of April Major-General Wright attacked at 4 a.m., carrying everything before him, taking possession of the enemy's strong line of works, and capturing many guns and prisoners. After carrying the enemy's line in his front, and reaching the Boydton plank road, Major-General Wright turned to his left and swept down the enemy's line of entrenchments till near Hatcher's Run, where, meeting the head of the Twenty-fourth Corps, General Wright retraced his steps and advanced on the Boydton plank road toward Petersburg, encountering the enemy in an inner line of works immediately around the city. Major-General Wright deployed his corps confronting their works, in conjunction with the Twenty-fourth and part of the Second Corps.

Major-General Parke's attack at 4 a.m. was also successful, carrying the enemy's lines, capturing guns and prisoners, but the position of the Ninth Corps confronting that portion of the enemy's line the longest held and most strongly fortified, it was found he held a second and inner line, which Major-General Parke was unable to carry. Receiving a dispatch during the morning from Major-General Parke, reporting his being pressed by the enemy, the troops left in City Point defenses, under Brigadier-General Benham and Brevet Brigadier-General Collis, were ordered up to General Parke's support, their prompt arrival enabling them to render material assistance to General Parke in holding his lines.

So soon as Major-General Wright's success was reported Major-General Humphreys was ordered to advance with the remaining divisions of his corps-Hays, on the right, advanced and captured a redoubt in front of the Crow house, taking a gun and over 100 prisoners; Mott, on the left, on advancing on the Boydton plank road, found the enemy's line evacuated. Hays and Mott pushed forward and joined the Sixth Corps, confronting the enemy. Early in the morning Miles, reporting his return to his position on the White Oak road, was ordered to advance on the Clairborne road simultaneously with Mott and Hays. Miles, perceiving the enemy were moving to his right, pursued and overtook him at Sutherland's Station, where a sharp engagement took place, Miles handling his single division with great skill and gallantry, capturing

