
several guns and many prisoners. On receiving intelligence of Miles being engaged, Hays was sent to his support, but did not reach the field till the action was over.

At 3 a.m. of the 2nd [3rd] of April Major-Generals Parke and Wright reported no enemy in their front, when, on advancing, it was ascertained Petersburg was evacuated. Willcox's division, Ninth Corps, was ordered to occupy the town, and the Second, Sixth, and Ninth Corps immediately moved up the river, reaching that night the vicinity of Sutherland's Station.

The next three days-the 3rd,4th, and 5th-the pursuit was continued along the River and Namozine roads, the Fifth Corps following the cavalry, and the Second and Sixth following the Fifth, the Ninth having been detached to guard the South Side Railroad. The progress of the troops was greatly impeded by the bad character of the road, the presence of the supply trains of the Fifth Corps and cavalry, and by the frequent changes of position of the cavalry, to whom the right of way was given. On the night of the 4th, receiving a dispatch from Major-General Sheridan that his army was in position at Amelia Court-House, immediate orders were given for the resumption of the march by the troops of the Second and Sixth Corps, reaching Jetersville between 4 and 5 p.m. [5th], where the Fifth Corps was found entrenched expecting an attack. No attack being made, on the morning of the 6th of April the three corps were moved in the direction of Amelia Court-House, with the intention of attacking the enemy if found thee; but soon after moving intelligence was received that Lee had moved from Amelia Court-House toward Farmville. The directions of the corps were changed, and the Sixth Corps moved from the right to the left; the Second Corps was ordered to move on Deatonsville, and the Fifth and Sixth Corps to move in parallel direction on the right and left, respectively.

The Second Corps soon came up with the enemy and commenced a rear-guard fight, which continued all day till evening, when the enemy was so crowded in attempting to cross Sailor's Creek, that he had to abandon a large train. Guns, colors, and prisoners were taken in these successful operations of the Second Corps.

The Sixth Corps, on the left of the Second, came up with the enemy posted on Sailor's Creek. Major-General Wright attacked with two divisions and completely routed the enemy. In this attack the cavalry, under Major-General Sheridan, was operating on the left of the Sixth Corps, while Humphreys was pressing on the right. The result of the combined operations was the capture of Lieutenant-General Ewell and four other general officers, with most of Ewell's corps.

The next day, the 7th of April, the Fifth Corps was moved to the left toward Prince Edward Court-House. The Second Corps resumed the direct pursuit of the enemy, coming up with him at High Bridge, over the Appomattox. Here the enemy made a feeble stand with his rear guard, attempting to burn the railroad and common bridge. Being driven off by Humphreys he succeeded in burning three spans of the railroad bridge, but the common bridge was saved, which Humphreys immediately crossed in pursuit, the enemy abandoning eighteen guns at this point. Humphreys came up with the enemy at the intersection of the High Bridge and Farmville roads, where he was found entrenched behind rail breast-works, evidently making a stand to cover the withdrawal of his trains. Before reaching this point Humphreys had detached Barlow's division to the left toward Farmville. Near Farmville Barlow found the enemy, who was about evacu-

