
ating the place, which operation was hastened by a successful attack of Barlow's.

When Humphreys ascertained the position of the enemy, Barlow was recalled, but did not reach Humphreys till evening, and after an unsuccessful assault had been made by part of Miles' division.

The Sixth Corps moved early in the morning toward Farmville, but finding the road occupied, first by the cavalry and subsequently by the Twenty-fourth Corps, it was too late in the afternoon before it reached that place, where it was found the enemy had destroyed the bridge. On learning the position of Humphreys, orders were sent to Wright to cross and attack in support. By great exertions a bridge for infantry was constructed, over which Wright crossed, but it was night-fall before this could be effected.

The next day, April 8, the pursuit was continued on the Lynchburg stage road. On the 9th, at 12 m., the head of the Second Corps, when within three miles of Appomattox Court-House, came up with the enemy. At the same time I received a letter from General Lee asking for a suspension of hostilities pending negotiations for surrender. Soon after receiving this letter Brigadier-General Forsyth, of General Sheridan's staff, came through the enemy's lines and notified me a truce had been made by Major-General Ord, commanding the troops on the other side of Appomattox Court-House. In consequence of this I replied to General Lee that I should suspend hostilities for two hours. At the expiration of that time I received the instructions of the lieutenant-general commanding to continue the armistice until further orders, and about 4 p.m. I received the welcome intelligence of the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia.

It has been impossible in the foregoing brief outline of operations to do full justice to the several corps engaged. For this purpose reference must be had to the reports of corps and division commanders, which will be forwarded as soon as received. At the same time I would call attention to the handsome repulse of the enemy by Griffin's division, Fifth Corps, on the 29th ultimo; to the important part taken by the Fifth Corps in the battle of Five Forks; to the gallant assault, on the 2nd instant, by the Sixth Corps-in my judgment, the decisive movement of the campaign; to the successful attack of the Sixth Corps in the battle of Sailor's Creek; to the gallant assault, on the 2nd instant, of the Ninth Corps, and the firmness and tenacity with which the advantages then gained were held against all assaults of the enemy; to the brilliant attack of Miles' division, Second Corps, at Sutherland's Station; to the energetic pursuit and attack of the enemy by the Second Corps on the 6th instant, terminating in the battle of Sailor's Creek, and to the prompt pursuit the next day, with Barlow's and Miles' attacks-as all evincing the fact that this army, officers and men, all nobly did their duty and deserve the thanks of the country. Nothing could exceed the cheerfulness with which all submitted to fatigue and privations to secure the coveted prize-the capture of the Army of Northern Virginia.

The absence of official reports precludes my forwarding any statement of casualties or lists of the captures of guns, colors, and prisoners. To my staff, general and personal, I am indebted, as I ever have been, for the most zealous and faithful discharge of their duties.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

