
abandoned by the enemy. As it is a new artillery flag, and as there was no artillery at the point where it was found, it is General Humphreys' opinion that it had fallen or been pulled from some wagon of the train. A leave of absence has been given him, but a medal of honor is not, under the circumstances stated, recommended.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 5. Reported of Lieutenant Francis H. Parker, U. S. Army, Chief Ordnance Officer.

ORDNANCE OFFICE, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 5, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following supplementary report of ordnance property received at the depot at City Point, Va., captured from and surrendered by the enemy in the late campaign. The few articles reported are accounted for by the fact that captured property and much of the surrendered ammunition was destroyed on the spot for want of transportation:

Field gun carriages, 108; siege gun carriages,2; mortar beds [Coehorn], 7; limbers,36; caissons,19. Field ammunition, 4,440 rounds.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. H. PARKER,

Lieutenant and Chief Ordnance Officer, Army of the Potomac.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 6. Report of Surg. Thomas A. McParlin, U. S. Army, Medical Director, of operations January 1 - June 30.

Numbers 209 G STREET, Washington, D. C., August 21, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit tabular report of the sick and wounded of the Army of the Potomac from January 1, 1865, and other accompanying reports relative to the operations of the medical department since that period.

In January this army was composed of the Second, Fifth, Sixth, and Ninth Corps, the Second Cavalry Division, and independent commands, viz: Artillery Reserve, Provost-Marshal General's Brigade, Engineer Brigade and Battalion, and Signal Corps. The troops were comfortably quartered for the season, so far as compatible with their duties and position in the lines and works investing Petersburg and confronting the Army of Northern Virginia. In the month no important movement occurred.

In December, 1864, the supply of fresh vegetables had ceased. This deprivation continued so long that in March the subject was brought to the attention of the commanding general.

April 29, the medical inspector, Second Corps, specially reported on the supply as inadequate to preserve a proper standard of health in the command, citing the prevalence of diarrhoea of an obstinate and exhausting character as attributable thereto.

January 13, recommendation was made that cooking by companies be enforced and attention be reinvited to existing orders requiring it.

