
sweeping to the left toward Battery 9, one to the right on Fort Haskell, while the third moved forward directly toward Fort Stedman. Asst. Surg. S. Adams, U. S. Army, in a report to me of March 31, describes the affair, and I invite attention to his paper for details and the operations of the medical department connected therewith.*

Mabone's [rebel] division attacked at the same time the front of General Miles [Second Corps], but was repulsed. The casualties in Second Corps was 444 wounded. The wounded had been attended to and forwarded to depot hospital, City Point, by noon of the following day.

After the repulse and disaster inflicted upon the enemy in the Fort Stedman affair comparative quiet obtained, but for a very brief period. After three days of preparations, in which the troops from the Army of the James [three divisions] were brought over in co-operation and the Second Division of Cavalry had been detached from us to report to General Sheridan, the grand campaign of 1865 was inaugurated. The operations of the medical department of the cavalry, from January 1 to the 28th of March, are described in the accompanying report of the surgeon-in-chief, E. J. Marsh, assistant-surgeon, U. S. Army.+

The position of the several corps March 29 was as follows: extending westward from the Appomattox, the Ninth Corps, the Sixth Corps, the newly joined Second Division, Eighteenth Corps, and First Division, Twenty-fourth Corps, from the Army of the James, then the Second Corps, and Fifth Corps. The Cavalry Corps, under General Sheridan, were operating near Dinwiddie Court-House, on the extreme left. The Depot Hospital at City Point was accessible by surface railroad as far west as Humphreys' Station, near the Second and Fifth Corps camps and field hospitals, and convenient by intermediate stations with all the other corps. The medical purveying department maintained a constant battle-field supply, in thirty-six wagons, at the front, which parked and advanced with the headquarters train.

The subjoined memorandum of dates and occurrences, as an outline of the campaign, may be referred to in connection with the accompanying detailed descriptions and report:

March 29, Fifth Corps engaged on the Quaker road. March 30, Fifth Corps engaged on the White Oak road; Second Corps advancing shortens and straightens the lines. General Sheridan's cavalry engaged the enemy near Dinwiddie Court-House. March 31, Fifth Corps and Miles' division, Second Corps, engaged the enemy in the afternoon. In the morning it rained very heavily.

April 1, cavalry of General Sheridan and Fifth Corps [detached from Army of the Potomac] defeat the enemy at Five Forks. April 2, general assault before daylight of the enemy's lines and works defending Petersburg; the Sixth and Ninth Corps break the lines, making Petersburg untenable; Petersburg and Richmond evacuated at night. April 3, pursuit of the Army of Northern Virginia, retreating toward Danville. April 4, pursuit continued by Army of Potomac corps, the divisions from the Army of the James, and the cavalry. April 5, prusuit continued; at Jetersville the cavalry had a slight affair, holding the enemy; the Second and Sixth Corps come up and take position for attack; the enemy withdraw in the night. April 6, battle of Sailor's Creek [cavalry and Sixth Corps], resulting in the surrender of Ewell and other Confederate generals and several thousand prisoners. April 7, pursuit and skirmishes with the enemy toward High Bridge, Farmville, and beyond. April 8, enemy retreating toward Lynchburg

---------------

*See p.320.

+See p.618.

---------------

