
on the road from Farmville to Appomattox Court-House; is checked in front on the 9th of April by the Army of the James divisions [General Ord], the Fifth Corps [General Griffin], and cavalry, General Sheridan in chief command. General Meade, having the Second and Sixth Corps massed and pressing against the enemy's rear for attack, received a request for cessation of hostilities with a view to surrender. Terms of surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia to General Grant arranged and announced in the afternoon. The campaign ended.

The reports of the medical directors of the Second and Fifth Corps and of the medical inspectors Second, Fifth, and Ninth Corps, the ambulance officer Second Corps, and the inspector at army headquarters, Surg. J. A. Lidell, describes in so full and interesting a manner the character of the campaign relative to the medical department, that it is unnecessary for me to do more than to refer to the papers themselves. Reports from all the corps and commands have not been received as called for; should they be rendered hereafter I will request that they be appended to this report.

After the capture of Petersburg the chief medical officer of Depot Hospital was ordered to push forward, to the most advanced depot of the army the which railroad facilities were extended, a sub-depot field hospital, to receive and care for wounded until they could be transported to City Point. For this purpose a train, ordered on the 3rd, was started on the 7th of April with 25 medical officers, 200 hospital tent flies, with dressings, food for four days for 2,500 wounded, 3 hospital stewards, and 100 detailed men accompanied it, taking also axes, spades, cooking utensils, necessary articles for organizing a movable depot hospital, designed more expecially to afford temporary food, shelter, medical supplies, and attendance of wounded who were to be sent away while the army corps might be moving. It was my design to have this advance hospital move with the railroad and general depot at the front, but the brevity and decisive character of the campaign made it unnecessary to carry it beyond Burke's Station, where it was discontinued April 30, after an existence there of eighteen days. The chief medical officer at City Point had been instructed, March 28, to be prepared to expand his hospitals to their utmost capacity at short notice; to send off in hospital transports as many of the cases as were proper for general hospital, and upon the contingency of a great battle to telegraph to the Surgeon-General for additional facilities for transferring them.

The wounded of the Fifth and Second Corps from the extension of our lines to the left, March 29, 30, 31 [1,400], received attention on the field at Spain's house, Quaker Church, and the Chimneys, and at the division hospitals, near the Cummings house. The regular division hospitals of the Sixth and Ninth Corps were not moved until after the army had captured Petersburg and started west in pursuit of the Army of Northern Virginia.

In the action around Dinwiddie and Five Forks the wounded of the cavalry and Fifth Corps were sent to the Methodist Church field hospital [382] April 1, and thence by ambulances and wagons, in a great part, to Humphreys' Station, surface railroad; the remainder accompanied the Fifth Corps, and were sent to Sutherland's Station, on the South Side Railroad, ten miles from Petersburg.

At the personal request of the medical director of the cavalry I directed that the wounded of General Sheridan's command should be received in the Cavalry Corps hospital, under direction of the chief medical officer depot field hospital Army of the Potomac, at City

