
Point, and subsequently also gave authority for the admission of wounded from the cavalry into any of the infantry corps field hospitals at the front. I believe that in this way the cavalry was disencumbered and its movements facilitated under the arrangements already made. While the system in use enabled me readily to accord the facilities desired, it could have been expanded beyond such requirements.

The wounded in the general assault [1,972], April 2, upon the forts and works before Petersburg were received in the regular division hospitals of Sixth and Ninth Corps, long established and connected by railroad with City Point. The 272 wounded of General Miles' division, Second Corps, on that day were received at Moody's house, near Five Forks. The rebel wounded found in Petersburg April 2 were continued in Confederate general hospital, under the charge of their surgeons, and generally throughout the campaign they were moved as little as possible until they were able to be sent paroled toward their homes. I desired, for many reasons, to have United States wounded kept out of Petersburg, and as ample accommodations and comforts were prepared at City Point they were ordered to be sent there without delay, whence also they could soon be transferred northward and near their friends.

Several days elapsed before the railroad was available from City Point beyond Petersburg, and it was necessary to repair the South Side Railroad and change its ganged from Petersburg toward Danville. When it was complete as far as Wilson's Station the sub-depot hospital was moved there from City Point, April 7, and received several hundred wounded from that vicinity [chiefly from the cavalry of General Sheridan]. The wounded from the operations around Jetersville, Amelia Springs, Sailro's Creek, High Bridge, Farmville, and beyond, were sent from those places and from the Brooks and Vaughan houses and Appomattox to Burke's Station after April 6. The presence of the Ninth Corps at that place made it convenient and proper to receive the wounded at the division hospitals of that corps, established as a depot for wounded until the sub-depot hospital could be brought up. This was then at Wilson's Station, miles distant. The medical purveyor's train was at Burke's Station, and ready to supply whatever was required train was at Burke's Station, and ready to supply whatever was required at the depot or at the front; for this last purpose it passed on to Farmville April 9.

About 2,000 wounded and 500 sick were received at Burke's depot from the different corps. The sub-depot hospital established by Surgeon Bendell received, from April 9 to 30, 660 sick and 192 wounded; of these 5 died and 838 were sent by railroad to the principal hospitals City Point.

The ambulance train of the Ninth Corps and the captured ambulances and empty wagons were used, in addition to the three ambulance trains, in the collection and transfer of wounded from battle-fields, of which Burke's Station was the depot.

After the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia several hundred Confederate wounded, and those of the United States whom it was improper to move at Farmville, were cared for in a most comfortable general hospital established there. Surgeon Blackwood, Surgeon Evans, and Surgeon Wolf, U. S. Volunteers, acted as chief medical officers. The latter remained after the Army of the Potomac had marched toward Alexandria.

The wounded of all corps and services were received and thoroughly cared for. The last of our wounded were sent down from Burke's Station to City Point April 13, although scattering cases continued to be received until April 20.

