
field hospital Army of the Potomac during the same period was 9,959. The number of wounds and injuries [Class V] admitted at City Point from January 1 to May 31, according to inspectors' reports from this and other armies, is 11,395.

With an army in campaign, errors and omissions are to be expected in the reports. The present, however, are more complete and correct than I anticipated, inasmuch as many regiments and officers were mustered out of service and changes of organizations rapidly made, especially in that period between the return of the army to the Potomac and its dissolution.

The statistical reports appended furnish interesting details.*

A few obvious clerical errors have been made, viz, typhus fever, eleven cases, and yellow fever, two cases, are reported, figures which should have been entered in the columns "typhoid or typho-malarial," next adjoining, but the errors are retained in the consolidations rather than have alterations made in otherwise accurate tables. From the discontinuance of very many general hospitals [since the date for which this report is rendered], and the rapid reductions made in the number of inmates of the few that remain, it is certain that of the "number [22,458] yet to be accounted for" [as stated in the preceding summary] thousands have been discharged, and but a small proportion remain.

The condition and operations of the Ambulance Corps have been such as to reflect credit upon the officers charged with its command, and to evidence how essential an element it is to the efficiency of the medical department and the line of the army as well. An army that has witnessed its beneficent provisions is prepared the more to appreciate the justice and wisdom of committing to the medical department trusts and powers in some degree commensurate with duties imposed, and which it can best perform.

I desire to invite special attention of the commanding general to the successful management of the affairs of the medical department in the discharge of their official duties by the following officers: Lieutenant Colonel Charles Page, medical director Second Corps, formerly the assistant and at times acting medical director of this army; Lieutenant Colonel S. A. Holman, medical director Sixth Corps; Lieutenant Colonel T. R. Spencer, medical director Fifth Corps; Lieutenant Colonel E. B. Dalton, medical director Ninth Corps; Surg. G. B. Parker, successor of Surgeon Dalton as chief medical officer of Depot Field Hospital, Army of the Potomac; Asst. Surg. J. B. Brinton, medical purveyor of the army.

To my immediate assistants, Surg. J. A. Lidell, inspector of the medical and hospital department of this army, and Asst. Surg. J. Sim Smith, attending surgeon at headquarters, to whom I am indebted for valuable assistance in discharge of special duties committed to them; Asst. Surg. E. J. Marsh, U. S. Army, surgeon-in-chief of the Second Cavalry Division, passed to the command of General Sheridan the day preceding the campaign. He has performed all duties while under my direction with signal ability.

In closing this report of the last campaign of the Army of the Potomac, I desire to acknowledge the cordial co-operation which has been extended to me by the chiefs of the staff departments of this army, and the agreeable relations which have continued throughout eighteen months of duty as its medical director. The medical officers, generally, animated by high personal, professional, and patriotic motives, have manifested a practiced skill and great devotion to duty. My anxieties

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

