
Reams' Station. After a short halt we proceeded by the Halifax and Malone road to Malone's Bridge over the Rowanty. Here we found a small force of the enemy on the opposite of the creek, and after a short skirmish they were driven from their line of breast-works and several prisoners captured. We lost one man, killed, and two wounded. We then proceeded by some country by-roads to Dinwiddie Court-House. We met no force of the enemy at this place. We then sent parties up and down the Boydton plank road; these captured a number of wagons and prisoners. We remained here some time and attempted to communicate with General Warren on the Vaughan road, but unsuccessfully, as a force of the enemy was found between the two forces. We then returned by the same road by which we had advanced to Malone's Bridge. In the afternoon, however, we communicated with General Warren by a cross-road, and here General Davies, just returning from leave of absence, joined us and took command of his brigade.

During the day the weather was mild and pleasant; the roads were very muddy, especially the wood and field roads by which we had advanced. In returning they were almost impassable, and several of our captured wagons had to be burned and abandoned. The traveling was extremely hard on the horses, and it was impossible, and several of our captured wagons had to be burned and abandoned. The traveling was extremely hard on the horses, and it was impossible to keep the command in closed line of march. We reached the Rowanty about dark; one brigade only crossed, and the others camped on the south side. At 12.30 a.m. we again started on the road to join General Warren at the crossing of the Vaughan and Quaker roads. After dark the weather became cold, and by this hour the roads were completely frozen and we suffered greatly from the cold. On joining General Warren we found his command marching to Hatcher's Run, and we followed in his rear. We were ordered to mass in some open fields before crossing the run, and then put out skirmishers, expecting the enemy to follow. The Fifth Corps was posted on both sides of the run awaiting the enemy's approach. As we were expecting an engagement, I sent Surgeon Abbott, First Massachusetts Cavalry, back to the Cummings house, on the Vaughan road, to select a place for the hospital in case it should become necessary to establish one. After some time the enemy appeared in our rear, and some skirmishing ensued. There was not much fighting, however, until afternoon, when they attacked in some force. They were easily repulsed, however, though we had several officers and men killed and wounded, among others Colonel Janeway, First New Jersey Cavalry. From prisoners captured it was ascertained that the forces in front of us consisted of Pegram's division, of Gordon's corps. The wounded were temporarily dressed on the field and sent back in ambulances to the hospital at the Cummings house. A brigade of the Second Division, Fifth Corps, was sent up in the morning as a support to the cavalry in case the enemy should attack in force. They formed line in rear of our division. The First and Third Brigades were dismounted and had their horses sent across Hatcher's Run. About 2 o'clock the Fifth Corps was ordered to advance, one column proceeding by the Dabney Mill road; at the same time the Second Brigade of this cavalry division was ordered to drive the enemy down the Vaughan road and across Gravelly Run, if possible.

On the extreme left the Thirteenth and Sixteenth Pennsylvania charged, the former regiment capturing about thirty prisoners and a stand of colors. The Fourth Pennsylvania charged down and to the right of the Vaughan road, but the enemy advanced from the woods and drove them back. This brought on a general engagement along

