
our line. The brigade of infantry, and a second one which had been ordered up, formed line and charged, and together we drove the enemy from their rifle-pits back into the woods for some distance. The firing was quite heavy and we lost a number killed and wounded; among the latter were Generals Davies and J. I. Gregg, slightly, Lieutenant-Colonels Beaumont and Tremain, severely. At the same time the Fifth Corps became engaged on the Dabney Mill road on our right. The wounded were dressed temporarily as far as possible and remove rapidly to the hospital. The ambulance corps did remarkably well, all the officers were active and energetic, and the men worked hard in bringing the wounded off the field. The ambulances were brought as far to the front as possible, and two ambulance horses were wounded by bullets. After driving the enemy from the field we held our position until dark. As soon as the fighting was over and all the wounded removed from the field I went back to the hospital. Here I found about fifty-five wounded. Surgeon Lovejoy had taken some out-houses, and also put up tent flies, procured straw for bedding, and had fed all the patients. The wounds were mostly dressed, and some operations were performed. The latter were continued until midnight. In the evening I received orders from Surgeon Page, U. S. Army, acting medical director of the army, to send off as many as were dressed and could be carried in the ambulances. They were to be taken to Patrick's Station where cars would be ready to receive them at 12 m. About thirty were sent off and the rest made comfortable for the night. The next morning some more operations were performed, and all the remainder of the wounded except four or five were then sent to the railroad.

On Tuesday, February 7, the First and Third Brigades were ordered to the junction of the Halifax and Wyatt roads. They reached there in the afternoon and went into camp. The brigade remained at Hatcher's Run, and, as there was some little skirmishing, some ambulances and dressings were left with them. The weather had been cloudy and chilly on Monday, and during the night some snow fell. On Tuesday morning it rained hard and continued to do so nearly all day. On Wednesday it was clear, and the First and Third Brigades were ordered back to their old camps at the Jerusalem plank road. The Second Brigade was ordered to the Halifax and Wyatt roads, and on Wednesday also returned to camp. I broke up the hospitals at the Cummings house and took the few remaining wounded to the division hospital. During the expedition from February 5 to 7 inclusive the number admitted into division hospital was sixty-four. The total number of casualties, according to regimental reports, was 13 killed, 91 wounded, 9 missing; total, 113. The total number of medical officers present for duty was twenty-two. On February 10 Brevet Brigadier-General Gregg left division, his resignation from the army having been accepted by the President.

The whole division regretted his loss, as they had confidence in and esteem and affection for him. He was in all cases regardful of the wants of the sick and wounded and liberal toward the medical department, taking every possible precaution to insure the safety and comfort of the wounded in battle. On February 13 Actg. Staff Surg. G. W. Colby, late surgeon First Maine Cavalry, was ordered to report to me by the medical director of the army, and I assigned him to the charge of the hospital, relieving Acting Staff Surgeon Lovejoy. I assigned Surgeon Colby to this position because he had been for many years previous summer. During the remainder of the month the division

