
 First	 Second	 Third	 Artil	 Caval	 Total

 Brigade	 Brigade	 Briga	 lery	 ry

 	 	 de	 	 Depot

Measles	 -	 -	 1	 -	 -	 1

Syphilis and	 7	 -	 3	 -	 7	 17

gonorrhea

Rheumatism,	 11	 9	 5	 1	 -	 26

acute

Rheumatism,	 1	 1	 10	 2	 2	 16

chronic

Bronchitis,	 11	 22	 3	 -	 3	 39

acute

Bronchitis,	 -	 1	 1	 -	 -	 2

chronic

Inflammation	 2	 -	 1	 -	 3	 6

of the lungs

Inflammation	 1	 4	 -	 1	 1	 7

of pleura

Boils and	 -	 11	 2	 1	 -	 14

whitlow

Gunshot	 19	 41	 13	 -	 1	 74

wounds

By comparing these tables with those for January it will be seen that the health of the command was about the same as for that month. The total number of cases treated during February was larger owing to the wounded at the battle of Hatcher's Run. The number taken sick was nearly the same. The percentage on sick report daily was smaller owing to the fact that all our sick were sent to hospital on the 1st of the month. From February 7 to 28 the number of cases admitted into division hospital was only 57. The character of the diseases were the same as in the last month, zymotic diseases furnishing the greatest number; acute rheumatism showing an increase, while the diseases of the respiratory organs remained about the same.

About the middle of January a case of varioloid occurred in the Thirteenth Ohio in the case of a soldier who had just returned from furlough. He was isolated at once from the rest of the command, and vaccination throughout the regiment at once effected. It was also ordered throughout the whole division, but was not entirely completed until the end of February. In the first week of February two other cases occurred, one in the Eighth Pennsylvania and one in the First New Jersey, both in men recently returned from furlough. By this time a small-pox hospital had been established, to which the men were at once removed, and no new cases occurred. In the latter part of February one case of measles occurred in a soldier of the Sixth Ohio. He was taken to the hospital and placed in a tent by himself. During the greater part of the month of March the division remained encamped in winter quarters. The health of the troops continued good. The rations were good and abundant, except in fresh vegetables, of which there was a great deficiency, so that many cases admitted to hospital exhibited a scorbutic tendency, and a few marked cases of scurvy appeared. On March 14 orders were received to send all sick to City Point depot hospital. This was accordingly done, and nearly all the hospital tents, &amp;c., were taken down and packed preparatory to a move. Two wards were left standing to admit cases until the command actually moved. On March 17 the First Massachusetts Cavalry was detached from the division and ordered to the defenses of City Point.

On March 28 the remainder of the sick were sent off, and everything completely packed for a movement of the army. On this day the division was detached from the Army of the Potomac, and ordered to report to Major-General Sheridan.

Very respectfully,

E. J. MARSH,

Bvt. Major and Asst. Surg., U. S. Army, Med. Div. Cav. Corps,

late Surgeon-in-chief Second Cav. Div., Army of the Potomac.

Colonel T. A. McPARLIN,

Medical Director, Army of the Potomac.

