
of Hatcher's and Gravelly Runs], near by the Perkins house; laid a pontoon bridge, also built a log bridge; crossed over said Rowanty Creek, the head of column moving over at 8 a.m.; passed up the old stage road to its junction with the Vaughan road; thence along the Vaughan road to the point of its intersection with the Quaker road. Griffin's division [First] followed the Vaughan road one mile and a half farther, while Ayres' division [Second], which had been the leading division all the morning, proceeded up the Quaker road a short distance to the neighborhood of the Vaughan road. The Second Corps moved at a later hour than the Fifth Corps, for their projected line of march was much shorter; crossed Hatcher's Run by the Vaughan road bridge; passed down the Vaughan road, and established connection with the Fifth Corps a little before noon. Both of these corps were in light marching order; they were accompanied by only one-half of their ambulances, one medicine wagon, and one army wagon for each division, the remainder of them being parked with the reserve train Army of the Potomac, by General Meade's order, each division of the Fifth Corps to be closely followed by ten ambulances. The remainder of the ambulances allowed to move with each of these corps accompanied the artillery and ammunition trains in the rear of each corps. Shortly after noon Griffin's division moved up the Quaker road, passed the old Quaker burying-ground, and continuing on that road met the enemy near the Spain house, when a sharp combat ensued. The firing began at 4.35 p.m. and lasted about twenty minutes. The action was maintained principally by infantry, at close quarters; the enemy used no artillery. Griffin drove the enemy. The ambulances were brought quickly to the front; the division hospital was established at the Spain house, near the Quaker road, and about half a mile in rear of the place of combat; 287 wounded, including 14 rebels, were promptly brought to it.

I noticed that many of the wounds were severe, involving bones or some of the articulations, and that a larger proportion than usual required capital operations. After the combat Griffin's division, supported by Ayres' and Crawford's, pushed forward to the Boydton plank road. At night the position of our troops was, viz: the Fifth Corps on the left, holding Boydton road, then going to the right; the Second Corps connecting with it, and stretching across the intervening space to Hatcher's Run, then extending from the opposite bank of Hatcher's Run; a part of the Army of the James-two divisions of the Twenty-fourth Corps and one division of the Twenty-fifth Corps [colored]-under General Ord, held the old line of the Second Corps, having been brought up for that purpose the day before; proceeding still farther to the right, the Sixth Corps remained in its old position, having on its right the Ninth Corps, also in its old position, and stretching round to the Appomattox River below Petersburg. It was understood that the cavalry, under General Sheridan, were operating in the direction of Dinwiddie Court-House. The wounded were promptly cared for that night, food and restoratives were administered, their wounds dressed and the necessary operations performed, and all of them were on the way in ambulance for Humphreys' Station before 7.30 o'clock the next morning, to be transferred from that place in railroad cars to the Depot Field Hospital at City Point without delay, as the chief quartermaster had, on advising with the medical director, made ample arrangements for that purpose. The ambulance transportation from the division field hospitals to Humphreys' Station was a distance of about six miles, over roads which were practicable, but by no means

