
good ones. The Second Corps did not become engaged with the enemy that day. The reserve train of the Army of the Potomac, including the medical purveyor's train already mentioned, was moved to the neighborhood of the Perkins house, near Rowanty Creek. General Meade's headquarters were established that night on the Vaughan road, near Gravelly Run. The weather had been pleasant all day, but about midnight it began to rain.

Thursday, March 30, proved dark and rainy; the roads became muddy, and almost impassable for wagons in many places. The dead of yesterday's combat were here buried, 50 of our men and 150 of the rebels, reported. During the day the Fifth Corps advanced some distance beyond the Boydton plank road; no serious opposition was offered by the enemy, but forty-six wounded, including one rebel, were brought into the field hospital. All the hospitals of the Fifth Corps were established together at the Spain house to-day. The Second Corps also advanced in line, maintaining its connection with the Fifth Corps on the left, with its right resting on Hatcher's Run. This movement was effected without bringing on an engagement. Our line now extended out from Hatcher's Runt to the left in front of Dabney's Mill, obliquely across the Boydton road to a considerable distance beyond it. The position of the troops on the other bank of Hatcher's Run, i.e., the Army of the James, the Sixth and the Ninth Corps, was understood to be not materially changed; it was also reported that General Sheridan, with the Cavalry Corps, was operating in the vicinity of Dinwiddie Court-House in such a way as to cover effectually the left flank of the combined army. In the evening the weather became clear.

Friday, Monday 31. It began to rain at daylight this morning; the roads were now in a terrible condition from the mud; toward noon the rain ceased, and the weather became fair. About this time the Fifth Corps became warmly engaged with the enemy. The First Division of the Second Corps [Miles] also participated actively in the affair before it was over. The loss was considerable; 778 wounded, including 9 rebels, were brought to the division hospital of the Fifth Corps at the Spain house. I had on this occasion an excellent opportunity to see the practical working of the ambulance system, including the stretcher-bearers on the field, the ambulances at the most advanced posts, and the ambulances in motion between these and the division hospital, about two miles in the rear. The removal of the wounded from the field to these hospitals was accomplished with great expedition, so much so, indeed, that they were all brought in and refreshed with food and other restoratives, had their wounds dressed and the necessary operations performed, at an early hour in the evening, without the appearance of hurry or confusion, although most of the loss had occurred in the afternoon. This fact speaks well for the efficiency of the officers of the ambulance corps and for the conduct of the medical officers both on the field and at the division hospitals; and I must be permitted here to record my unqualified admiration of the manner in which the ambulance and hospital service of the Fifth Corps was managed that day by all concerned. In this affair the Second Corps lost 387 wounded, of whom 294 belonged to the First Division [General Miles], 17 to the Second Division [General Hays], 74 to the Third Division [General Mott], and 2 to the Artillery Brigade. The Second Division hospital remained near the Chimneys, on the Vaughan road, where it had been previously established; but the First and Third Division hospitals were moved up and located on the Gravelly Run road in a position convenient to those divisions. The wounded of this corps were brought in promptly and cared for in every

