
But twenty-five wounded were reported as admitted to the Fifth Corps hospital this day. During that night the sullen roar of artillery was heard at intervals along the whole of our line, which extended from the Appomattox River below Petersburg, across the Boydton plank road and well out toward the South Side Railroad, a distance of about twenty-five miles; but the fire was much the heaviest and most continuous in front of the Ninth Corps, which as already stated held the right of the line.

Sunday, April 2, at 4 a.m. the Sixth and Ninth Corps fiercely assaulted the enemy's works in front of their respective positions. The Sixth Corps [General Wright] quickly carried the strongly fortified line of the enemy's works near Fort Fisher in gallant style, and then rapidly pushed its way across the intervening space to the Appomattox River, a short distance above Petersburg, in doing which it had to cross the Boydton plank road, the Cox road, and the South Side Railroad. By this movement the center of the enemy's lines of defenses of Petersburg was pierced, and the town itself completely cut off on the west side from the rest. That day 858 wounded, including 54 rebels, were brought to the Sixth Corps hospitals, which still occupied their old position; nearly all of them had fallen in the assault of the works. The medical director of the corps [Holman] reported that his observations convinced him that the ratio of killed, in comparison to the number wounded, was decidedly below the average, so that the loss was very small, considering the magnitude and character of the results achieved. The wounded were sent to the Depot Field Hospital by railroad the next day. At 4 a.m. the Ninth Corps [General Parke] also assaulted the enemy's works in front of Fort Hell, or Sedgwick, captured the main line, although it was very strongly fortified, and successfully maintained their lodgment therein against several desperate attempts of the enemy to drive them back. The loss of this corps was materially increased by the difficult character of the enterprise assigned to it. There were brought to the division hospitals of the Ninth Corps from the scene of this assault 1,114 wounded, including 21 rebels. They were promptly conveyed to the Depot Field Hospital at City Point by railroad. During the day General Sheridan's command, to which the Fifth Corps sustained considerable loss, and 382 wounded, including 72 rebels, were admitted to its division hospitals. Soon after the successful assaults of the defenses of Petersburg by the Sixth and Ninth Corps the enemy abandoned all their works west of the Sixth Corps. Two divisions of the Twenty fourth Corps, Army of the James, were also sent forward to a position on the right of that occupied by the Sixth Corps. The First Division of the Second Corps [General Miles] was sent to co-operate with Sheridan. He came across two divisions of the enemy trying to escape across the Appomattox River, and had a sharp fight with them. Two hundred and seventy-two wounded were cared for at the First Division alone. Its hospitals were established at the Moody house, near the Five Forks. General Meade's headquarters were established at the Robinson house, just in the rear of the Sixth Corps, that night.

Monday, April 3, weather warm and pleasant. During last night the enemy evacuated the town of Petersburg, and it was occupied by our troops at dawn this morning. The enemy left 149 of his badly wounded in a well-appointed hospital located in the suburbs, and known as the "C. S. Hospital," with two medical officers. The surgeon in charge

