
was directed to report to the provost-marshal of Petersburg, in order to obtain rations and any other supplies that might be needed. The medical director ordered that no houses in Petersburg should be used for hospital purposes or even for the temporary accommodation of the wounded belonging to the Army of the Potomac, and that in all cases they must be sent to the Depot Field Hospital at City Point without delay. The same order was reiterated in the evening by General Meade. Thus all the hospital accommodation at Petersburg was available for the sick and wounded rebels. A large number of men were put to work on the old line of railroad from Petersburg to City Point in order to reopen it as soon as possible. During the day the wounded of the Second Corps in the combats of yesterday were brought to Petersburg in ambulances for transportation to City Point by railroad. A portion of the wounded belonging to the Fifth Corps also were brought into Petersburg for the same purpose, and the balance of them, numbering about 150 men, were sent to Sutherland's Station in the evening, supplied with shelter, three days' rations, and with medical attendance, there to await the reopening of railroad communication with Petersburg, a distance of then miles. The headquarters of General Meade were established near Sutherland's Station that night, and but a short distance from General Grant's. It was reported in the evening that the cars had commenced running into Petersburg from City Point. The reported evacuation of Richmond was also confirmed.

Tuesday, April 4, the weather continued pleasant. We moved at dawn, continuing our line of march up the River road, in a westerly direction, with the Second and Sixth Corps. The Ninth Corps was left behind at Petersburg, and the Fifth was still with General Sheridan. The medical director of the Sixth Corps [Holman] reported that the ambulance horses of that corps were very much jaded from overwork, that ten of them had been completely used up recently, and shot on that account. It will be remembered that this ambulance train had been sent on the previous Saturday out to Dinwiddie Court-House to bring in the wounded of Sheridan's command; and it will thus be perceived that this train was overworked, not in the service of the Army of the Potomac, but in that commanded by General Sheridan. We made a long march to-day over horrible and almost impassable roads. At night General Meade's headquarters were established at the house of W. W. Jones, near Deep Creek, about twenty-five miles from the place of departure in the morning; the Second Corps headquarters were at the same place. The country had now become rolling, well watered, well timbered, exhibiting many fine farms and beautiful locations. For two days the enemy had not opposed our progress.

Wednesday, April 5, the weather still continued pleasant. We moved at an early hour in the direction of Jetersville, on the Richmond and Danville Railroad, then distant about fifteen miles. We struck the railroad at that place in the afternoon, and found General Sheridan thee with the cavalry and the Fifth Corps. Late in the day the enemy demonstrated in force on our front. He appearated to be on his way from Richmond to Burke's Station, and we had unexpectedly intercepted him with three infantry corps supporting our cavalry. During the night he maneuvered to gain an opportunity to pass around our left in the direction of Farmville. The Army of the Potomac did not become engaged to-day. At night General Meade's headquarters were established at a house used by the cavalry for hospital purposes, about half a mile from General Sheridan's headquarters. The country here was fruitful, high, rolling, and well watered with living streams.

