
Thursday, April 6, the day opened dark, with a misty rain, which, however, ceased about noon. The pursuit of General Lee's army was resumed with great activity. The Second Corps moved on the road to Amelia Springs, as the leading column; the Fifth Corps advanced on the right flank, and the Sixth Corps on the left, in supporting distance. The Second Corps struck the enemy near Amelia Springs, and pushed him forward along the Deatonsville road. The pursuit was not relaxed, and as the enemy offered resistance at every fitting opportunity this corps was more or less engage the remainder of the day, mostly, however, in the way of heavy skirmishing. The loss, however, was not large, viz: First Division, 41 wounded; Third Division, 150; total, 191 wounded. Early in the day the First Division hospital was established at the Vaughan house, two miles and a half west of the Springs, in the direction of Deatonsville. The wounded of the Third Division were subsequently conveyed to Burke's Station by the Ninth Corps ambulances from the Vaughan house; those of the First Division were carried to Burke's Station, on the 7th, by way of Rice's Station, in ambulances. The Sixth Corps, advancing on the left of the Second Corps, became heavily engaged with the enemy toward evening at Sailor's Creek, in conjunction with the cavalry of Sheridan. The enemy were routed and many prisoners captured, including General Ewell and several other general officers. Four hundred and eighty-one wounded, including 161 rebels, were admitted to the division hospitals of that corps. It is understood that they were established at Harper's farm. These wounded were sent to Burke's Station the next day in the Sixth Corps ambulances. The Fifth Corps did not become engaged listed on the road from Deatonsville to Farmville, about two miles from the former place.

Friday, April 7, the Second Corps, continuing the pursuit of the fleeing enemy, crossed the Appomattox at High Bridge, where a slight skirmish ensued, and advanced to the heights northeast of Farmville, where the enemy were found established. All the division hospitals of this corps were established at the Brooks house late in the afternoon, and received during the day and night, viz: First Division, 147; Second Division, 24; Third Division, 41; total, 212 wounded. They were sent to Burke's Station the next morning, 8th, and the hospitals ordered forward to join the corps, which had advanced in pursuit of the enemy, who had fallen back during the night. After the combat of the Second Corps above mentioned, the Army of the Potomac did not engage the enemy during the campaign. General Lee surrendered his army at Appomattox Court-House on Sunday, the 9th. On the morning of April 7 I proceeded to Burke's Station, under orders, for the purpose of assisting to perfect the arrangements for the reception and care of the wounded and sick at that place until such time as the railroad to Petersburg could be put in running order. The general commanding having designated Burke's Station, on the night of the 6th, as the prospective depot for the Army of the Potomac, the medical director ordered arrangements to be made immediately for the suitable reception of 2,500 wounded at that place. It was expected that we would be compelled to provide for all the wounded in the operations west of the Richmond and Danville Railroad, including those of Sheridan's cavalry command, of the Twenty-fourth Corps, Army of the James, of the prisoners of war to considerable extent, as well as those of the Army of the Potomac. The estimate were based upon this expectation, and the sequel showed it to be well founded. Having

