
reached Burke's Station, i soon found Lieutenant-Colonel Dalton, medical director Ninth Army Corps, who had come up from Nottoway Court-House that morning on the same business. he stated that the hospitals of the Second and Third Divisions of the Ninth Corps were on their way up to Burke's Station, and would arrive in the afternoon, together with the ambulance trains of those divisions. I also learned that the railroad was opened only as far up as Wilson's Station, twenty-seven miles distant, and that several days must elapse before the cars could get up to Burke's Station. In the meantime shelter, food, and medical attendance must be provided for a large number of wounded at that place. It was also known that several hundred were then on their way there in the ambulance trains of the Second and Sixth Corps, and that they would arrive by evening. The hotel buildings at Burke's Station had been in use for a considerable time as a rebel hospital, and they were already filled to overflowing with rebels who were unable to be moved when their forces retreated, and with sick and wounded belonging to the Twenty-fourth Corps, Army of the James, and to the Cavalry Corps, under General Sheridan's command, who had been recently brought there. In the afternoon the hospitals of the Second and Third Divisions were pitched on good ground, convenient to the railroad, and made ready for the reception of the wounded. All the vacant warehouse room at the railroad depot was also taken possession of, and made ready for the same purpose without delay. In the evening about 750 wounded from the Second and Sixth Corps arrived, and were promptly cared for; indeed, we had the satisfaction of knowing that the suppers of a large part of them had been prepared for them revious to their arrival. The ambulance train of the Second and Third Divisions of the Ninth Corps came up in the afternoon, and was at once sent forward to the front will orders to report for duty to the medical director Army of the Potomac, in bringing in the wounded.

Saturday, April 8, the warehouses at the depot and the hospitals of the Ninth Corps, including that of the First Division, now on the way up to Burke's Station, were capable of sheltering 1,600 wounded, and this entirely independent of the rebel hospital above mentioned and of the dwelling-houses in the neighborhood used by the cavalry for the reception of the wounded. Captain J. H. Alley, hospital commissary Ninth Corps, sent up a foraging train to-day, under suitable escort, to obtain subsistence for the wounded and sick; it gathered up and brought in three wagon-loads of provisions, consisting of flour, meal, potatoes, ham, and bacon. Captain Alley also sent to City Point for enough sugar, coffee, and candles to last 4,000 men eight days [32,000 rations of each], in order to be ready for possible contingencies. He also began to repair the large oven of the hotel, with a view to issue soft bread without delay, and placing a safeguard upon a neighboring grist mill, he set it to grinding flour and meal. The medical purveyor's train being also at Burke's Station, medical and hospital supplies were drawn from it sufficient to last 2,000 wounded eight days; they were drawn by the surgeons in charge of the Second and Third Division hospitals of the Ninth Corps, in addition to the supplies they already had on hand. Afterward the medical purveyor's train started for Farmville, seventeen miles distant, toward Lynchburg. Foraging wagons were sent out for straw. During the day and evening about 550 wounded and sick arrived.

Sunday, April 9, Captain Alley foraged successfully again to-day for provisions and straw. About 260 wounded and sick were brought in to-day.

