
or confusion and without officious interference on the part of any individuals or irresponsible associations. Lieutenant Colonel E. D. Dalton, surgeon U. S. Volunteers, chief medical officer, and Captain J. H. Alley, hospital commissary Ninth Corps, deserve special mention.

During this brief campaign, commencing March 29, the total losses of wounded in the various engagements were distributed as follows: Second Corps, 1,100; Fifth Corps, 1,436; Sixth Corps, 1,127; Ninth Corps, 1,160; total, 4,823 wounded in action. This estimate does not embrace those wounded by accident or by picket-firing, and is founded on the admissions to the division hospitals reported in connection with engagements. It also appears that 335 wounded rebels were brought to our division hospitals on such occasions.

Before concluding this report one remark is called for in regard to the operations of the ambulance department of the Army of the Potomac. I watched it attentively throughout the campaign, and now take pleasure in recording that on all occasions, whether in removing the wounded from the field of battle or in conveying them to the hospitals at the rear, the duty was discharged with a promptitude and zeal which reflects much credit upon the system itself and those concerned in its administration.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. A. LIDELL,

Surg., U. S. Vols., Insp. of Medical and Hospital Department,

Army of the Potomac.

Colonel T. A. McPARLIN,

Medical Director.

Numbers 8. Report of Surg. George B. Parker, U. S. Army, in charge of Depot Field Hospital, of operations March 27-June 30.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 25, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the Depot Field Hospital of the Army of the Potomac from March 27, 1865, to June 30, 1865:

In pursuance of General Orders, Numbers 77, paragraph 4, dated headquarters Army of the Potomac, March 25, 1865, I assumed, on the 27th day of March following, the duties of acting chief medical officer of the Depot Field Hospital at City Point, Va. The hospital consisted of 90 stockade pavilions and 452 tents, and then embraced and included the hospitals of the Second, Fifth, Sixth, Ninth, and Cavalry Corps, belonging the Army of the Potomac, and the capacity of the hospital was 5,414 beds. Its railroad communication extended to Burkeville, Va., and afterward to Danville, Va., and patients were received direct from these points.

On the 28th day of March, 1865, the medical of the Army of the Potomac ordered the hospital to be increased to its utmost capacity, and additional tents were erected and the capacity of the hospital increased to 8,800 beds.

Pursuant to telegraphic order from the medical director, supplies for 2,500 patients for ten days and 25 medical officers were forwarded to Burkeville, Va., and a receiving depot established there. This sub-division of the Depot Field Hospital was intended for the reception of patients unable to travel, and for whom immediate transportation could

