
No. 5, on a pine tree, near the picket-line, half a mile north of Fort Howard, commanding a very close view of the enemy's works from his Fort New Orleans to Fort Lee [Battery 41], the Boydton road near the lead-works, and a point on the Cox road a short distance west of the city.

No. 6 was a small tower near the Aiken house, and was used entirely as a station of communication, communicating by signals with all the stations along our front, and being located near these headquarters placed them all in communication with this point.

No. 7 was a tower, 145 feet high, on Peebles' farm, near Fort Fisher, and commanded an extensive and clear view of the roads, camps, and works of the enemy south of the Appomattox and west of Battery 45, on the Boydton road, and extending around to Spain's house, on the Boydton road, and the enemy's Battery 54.

These stations were all in successful operation on the morning of the 29th ultimo, and all connected by signals with a station at the deserted house, headquarters of Major-General Parke, who was in command of the line of works from our right to the vicinity of the tower on Peebles' farm, and a telegraph line had been run to this tower, thus connecting all with these headquarters in the field.

At this point I beg leave to take from my daily record a synopsis of operations of the corps and the movements reported to the commanding general.

March 29, the army moved to-day, crossing Hatcher's Run and moving toward the Boydton plank road. No special changes observed in the enemy's lines in the morning. Working parties larger than usual. At 5 p.m. a column of cavalry, estimated at 2,500, and one of infantry, estimated at 4,000, both followed by large wagon trains, came from north side of Appomattox, and moved along Boydton road toward our left.

March 30, stormy day. Difficult to see into enemy's lines. A small body of infantry moved toward our left, on Boydton road, at 4 p.m.

March 31, much activity in enemy's lines. Some charges made in the artillery in their forts by changing from one fort to another. Indications of a larger force than usual in front of the Ninth Corps. Troops deployed along their works behind the entire line. Heavy wagon trains moving west on Cox and Boydton roads, coming from north side of Appomattox.

April 1, established stations of observation in tree-tops near picket-line, in front of Crow's house, south of Hatcher's Run, and on Boydton road, south of Burgess' Mill. Continued passage of wagon trains and artillery on roads seen from stations on right, going mainly toward Petersburg, on Boydton road. Intercepted signals of the enemy furnish no important information.

April 2, the Sixth Corps broke through enemy's lines in front of Fort Gregg before daylight, and during day swept around to the Appomattox, thus surrounding the city. Reports of movements seen from stations on the right, affecting mainly that portion of the line under General Parke, were made direct to him by Lieutenant Dillingham, serving with the Ninth Corps. Station of communication and observation established by Lieutenant Dillingham in Fort Rice, headquarters of General Parke, placing him in communication with his telegraph office at the deserted house. All the stations in front of Ninth Corps busily employed on observation and communication duty for the benefit of employed on observation and communication opened from headquarters

