
Generals Meade and Grant, at the Harmon house, on the Boydton road, to the tower on Peebles' farm; also with headquarters of Generals Wright and Gibbon, moving on the field, and numerous dispatches transmitted [a telegraph office being at the tower]. Report of the movements of a battery of artillery on the flank of the Sixth Corps signaled to General Wright, which resulted in the capture of part of it. Large fires in Petersburg burning all day. Heavy wagon trains moving on north side of Appomattox, going north, and a long column of troops moving north toward city, from direction of lead-works, in the afternoon. Re-enforcements to the enemy of infantry, coming from the north side of Appomattox, also reported about noon. Established stations of observation at the Turnbull and Whitworth houses, near the junction of Cox and River roads, just before dark, and minor movements of the enemy seen from them reported to General Wright.

April 3, Petersburg was evacuated by the enemy last night, and our troops entered the city at 4 a.m., driving out the rear guard of the enemy. Upon the occupation of the city by our troops signal communication was opened from the Methodist church, in Petersburg, to headquarters Ninth Corps, and dispatches from General Parke to General Willcox transmitted. Established a station on the custom house and endeavored to open signal communication with the tower at Cobb's Hill, for the purpose of getting a report of the movements of the enemy seen from that point, but unsuccessful. Occasional puffs of smoke noticed on line of Petersburg and Richmond Railroad, indicating that the enemy was probably damaging the road. All stations around Petersburg abandoned, and reserve party marched with the troops.

April 5, established a station of observation on a house at Jetersville. About 3,000 of enemy's cavalry bivouacked at a point north 30 west and about three miles distant. A hasty observation made from a tree-top half a mile north of Jetersville revealed the fact that a large force of the enemy was bivouacked about three miles north of that point, but the near approach of the enemy's cavalry compelled the abandonment of this point of observation.

April 6, stationed at Jetersville. Made frequent reports of the movement of the enemy's wagon trains, guarded by cavalry and infantry, on the Paineville and Deatonsville road, near Deatonsville, and soon after that point was struck by our cavalry communication was opened by signals from that point to the headquarters of Generals Meade and Grant, at Jetersville, and dispatches transmitted from and to Generals Grant, Humphreys, and Meade.

April 7, the line of signal communication from Deatonsville to Jetersville abandoned. Endeavored to open a line from Rice's Station to Prince Edward Court-House, but, as an intermediate point necessary to be occupied to open this line was not accessible for some hours after it was desirable, this effort was not a success. Signal communication opened from High Bridge [headquarters of General Meade] with the advancing column of General Wright, moving toward Farmwille, and dispatches transmitted to and from Generals Grant, Meade, and Wright. At a later hour communication opened from the same point to the vicinity of the Second Corps, and one dispatch to General Humphreys transmitted. These stations were abandoned at dark.

April 8, terms of surrender offered to the rebel Army of Northern Virginia. No lines of communication opened nor movements of the enemy reported to-day. A signal party sent to Appomattox Mountain, but arrived there too late in the day to make any observations, but

