
reported indications of that point having been used by the enemy as a station of observation a few hours previous, and the capture of a marine glass left at that point by the enemy.

April 9, on the occupation of Appomattox Mountain, at daylight, by a signal party our advance was found some miles beyond it, and no indications of the enemy seen within the view from that point, and the station was abandoned.

But one casualty occurred during the campaign, viz, one private slightly wounded.

One signal flag of the enemy was captured by Second-Class Private Henry Greenwood, on the morning of the 3rd of April, from an abandoned station of the enemy in Petersburg, Va.

The flag of the rebel gun-boat Nansemond was taken from the person of an enlisted man [whom he captured] by Second-Class Private Morgan D. Lane,* on the morning of the 6th of April, in advance of the Fifth Corps, near Jetersville, Va.

I have endeavored to give above a synopsis of the service performed by the signal corps in the recent-short and successful campaign.

Officers and men were ever ready and willing to perform any duty I required of them, and feeling that the campaign must terminate in success, seemed to vie with each other in the effort to render good service. The officers serving with army corps were particularly zealous.

I take pleasure in testifying to the energy and efficiency of Lieutenant C. Stickney, serving with General Humphreys; Lieutenant L. A. Dillingham, serving with General Parke, and Lieutenant T. H. Fearey, serving with General Wright. Lieutenant Fearey allowed no opportunity for usefulness to pass unimproved. Lieuts. A. M. Thayer, E. H. Wardwell, E. S. Moffatt, and Charles Herzog, of the reserve party, and Lieutenant F. S. Benson, my adjutant at these headquarters, deserve mention for the zeal and fidelity with which they discharged their duties.

I cannot give special mention to the non-commissioned officers without mentioning all of them; all performed their duty faithfully and intelligently.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. L. DAVIS,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

No. 10. Report of Bvt. Brigadier General George N. Macy. Twentieth Massachusetts Infantry, commanding Provost Guard.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, April 18, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report, in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 94, April 14, 1865, the following operations of this command, composed at present of the Third, Eleventh, and First and Second Bat-

---------------

*Awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

