
talions, Fourteenth U. S. Infantry, and Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, and squadron First Massachusetts Cavalry, escort of the major-general commanding:

The duties performed by these commands have been of a detached nature, none of them having been under fire. The Third Infantry has followed the headquarters train, and the First Massachusetts Cavalry, with a small detachment of the First Indiana Cavalry [temporarily attached], have acted as the escort of the major-general commanding.

The First Battalion, Fourteenth Infantry, did not arrive at City Point until the 4th instant, and did not leave that post until the 9th. The Second Battalion, Fourteenth Infantry, and Eleventh Infantry moved from Parker's Station with the headquarters train. Were then put in charge of some 4,000 prisoners of war at Humphreys' Station, on the 1st instant, with directions to take them to City Point. Upon their arrival there they received conflicting orders from General Patrick, provost-marshal-general, Armies operating against Richmond, from Brevet Brigadier-General Collis, and from Captain and Brevet Major Hudson, Fourteenth Infantry, so that these two regiments had not returned to headquarters Army of the Potomac on the 9th instant, thereby causing a great deal of trouble and necessitating a call for troops from commands then actively engaged with the enemy. These regiments at that date were, however, on their way, and have since reported.

The operations of the Third Pennsylvania Cavalry have been most varied in guarding prisoners, escorting them to the rear, furnishing safeguards, guarding roads and crossings, and driving up stragglers. So much of the regiment not on duty of this kind has been daily with the headquarters Army of the Potomac.

I remain, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. N. MACY,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Provost-Marshal-General.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 11. Report of Captain Richard G. Lay, Third U. S. Infantry, commanding Headquarters Guard.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD U. S. INFANTRY, Camp near Headquarters Army of the Potomac, Virginia, April 15, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that this regiment left camp near Paker's Station, Va., on the 29th day of March, as guard for headquarters Army of the Potomac, and continued to perform said duty to 9th day of April, 1865, inclusive.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. G. LAY,

Captain, Third U. S. Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Army of the Potomac.

