
been built by Major Van Brocklin, and also a log bridge for the passage of trains. The crossing at Hatcher's Run was found to be in a very bad condition, the stream rising rapidly and the roads almost impassable. All my troops were immediately set at work upon the crossing and upon the old stage road, repairing the worst places and assisting the trains. At midnight they were permitted to bivouac for a short rest, and at 4 o'clock the next morning the work was recommenced. The stream rose so rapidly at the crossing of Hatcher's Run as to render the log bridge unserviceable. It became necessary to raise the abutments of the pontoon bridge about four feet and to build a corduroy bridge, nearly 100 yards in length, to the hill on the south side. It rained incessantly, and it was only by the constant and severe labor of my men that the road was kept passable for the trains.

On the morning of the 30th, by your orders, I moved my command and trains from the W. Perkins house to near general headquarters, on the Vaughan road, making my own road for nearly the whole distance and repairing roads for the passage of other trains. At 11 p.m. I was ordered to cross with my trains to the north side of Gravelly Run as a sater position against an apprehensive attack of the enemy.

During the 1st and 2nd of April my whole command was, by your direction, engaged in building a double corduroy track on the Vaughan road from the old stage road to Hatcher's Run. During the whole of this time Major Van Brocklin had a pontoon bridge over Hatcher's Run, near the W. Perkins house, and also one over Gravelly Run, near the Friends' Meeting House. He was ordered to keep these bridges in use until the whole of the trains on the route of the old stage road had passed. In the meantime he was engaged, with his company, in building and repairing roads in the vicinity.

At 5 p.m. on the 2nd I was started with my command for the Boydton plank road, via Fort Fisher, sending at the same time an order for Major Van Brocklin to join with his train, and also to Captain Jackson to join me with his company and the pontoon train left in my old camp, together with the train of siege materials and entrenching tools. During the night all my troops and trains, except Lieutenant Taylor's pontoon train, with General Humphreys, were concentrated near general headquarters, on the Boydton plank road. The wooden pontoon trains which I had left at City Point arrived at headquarters the same evening, but, by your direction, they were immediately sent back to City Point.

On the 3rd, 4th, 5th, and 6th I moved my command and trains, via the Boydton plank road, the River road, Cox's road, the Epps house, and Nottoway Court House, toward Burkeville, encamping on the 6th within two miles of Burkeville. During the whole of this march my men were engaged in repairing old and opening new roads for the passage of army trains and troops.

On the morning of the 7th I moved my command to Burkeville and went into camp. At 10 p.m. of the 7th I received an order from you to take a pontoon train of eighteen boats to Farmville, with sufficient troops to throw the bridge. At 10.45 I started with three companies and the pontoon train, accompanied by Major Folwell, leaving Major McDonald in command of the troops and trains left at Burkeville. From Rice's Station to Farmville the roads were very bad indeed and required a large amount of work to provide for the passage of our own and other trains.

At 9.30 on the morning of the 8th my trains reached the Appomattox at Farmville, and Major Van Brocklin immediately built a pontoon

