
bridge across the river to take the place of one that had been in use belonging to the Twenty-fourth Corps. At the same time I sent an order back to Major McDonald, at Burkeville, to join me with the balance of my command and trains, and he reached my camp at 2 o'clock on the morning of the 9th. Leaving a detachment in charge of the bridge at Farmville, I marched the balance of my train at 9 o'clock on the morning of the 9th toward Appomattox Court-House, and late in the evening the main portion of my pontoon trains were within about one mile of army headquarters, and I reported to you in person. There I first learned of General Lee's surrender.

During the whole march, from leaving my winter camp on the 29th of March until 9th of April, the labors of the men in my command, in building and repairing roads and bridges, had been incessant, and in addition to their arms, accouterments, knapsacks, and rations, the necessary axes, picks, and shovels. Major Van Brocklin marched his company and train thirty-three miles in less than twenty-four hours, doing considerable work to the roads on the way. The energy and zeal displayed by the officers and the promptness and cheerfulness of the men in the performance of their severe labors were beyond all praise.

On the afternoon of the 10th of April we commenced our return march to Burkeville, reaching the latter place at 6 p.m. of the 12th, having done a large amount of work on the roads and bridges during the march. Brevet Major Van Brocklin was left at Farmville with a detachment of two companies in charge of the two pontoon bridges over the Appomattox at that place, to remain until the Second Corps should recross the river.

On the 14th Brigadier-General Benham arrived at Burkeville with his command, and I rejoined the brigade, from which I had been detached since the 10th of October, 1864, having been on duty at headquarters of the army during this time with my command, under the direct orders of the chief engineer. On the same day one-half of Company A of the Fiftieth, under Lieutenant Brown, joined me, making a total of eleven and a half companies of engineer troops under my command. On the 20th Brevet Major Van Brocklin rejoined me with his detachment. On the 22nd I sent Major Folwell, with a detachment of three companies and a bridge train, to bridge the Appomattox at Genito Bridge for the passage of the Twenty-fourth Corps on its way to Richmond. On the 23rd I sent Brevet Major Van Brocklin, with a bridge train and a accompany the Sixth Corps on its march toward Danville. On the 24th Major Folwell rejoined me with his detachment, and I moved my command across the Staunton River to a point about one mile south of Clover Station, and on the morning of the 28th commenced getting out timber and sending it to the river for the reconstruction of the railway bridge. On the evening of the 29th I had the [timber] for three-fourths of the bridge delivered, Colonel Brainerd having procured timber for the one-fourth of the bridge on the north side of the river. On my arrival at Staunton River I had a pontoon bridge thrown across the stream, and this was taken up on the morning of the 1st of May and replaced by Brevet Major Van Brocklin, who had got thus far on his return from Danville with orders to wait at this point for the return of the Sixth Corps.

