
On the 1st of April I turned over the corduroy to an officer of the Fiftieth New York, and early in the morning examined the Second Corps line, which I found as follows: Right at J. Crow's house, and running from thence to the junction of Quaker and Boydton roads, with the Third Division across Quarter road and First Division on its left, thrown back and holding a strong position, with most of the Fifth Corps artillery on the line. At this time I was recalled and ordered to find a road from Humphreys' Station crossing Hatcher's Run near Armstrong's Mill and running in rear of Second Corps, to corduroy and open it as soon as practicable. I found the road, and ordered 800 men form the Vaughan road to commence work on it early in the morning of the 2nd, but, owing to the movement of the 2nd, these orders were countermanded and the details sent to their commands. In the afternoon I reconnoitered a salient work of the enemy on Hatcher's Run, and reported to General Hays that it could be carried by assault. On the morning of the 2nd I was sent to the Sixth Corps to collect information for chief engineer; after performing this I remained with headquarters during the day. On the morning of the 3rd I was sent, accompanied by Lieutenant Lydecker, to examine the crossing of the Appomattox at Petersburg. I was afterward sent from Sugherland's Station with orders to follow the Second Corps across the Appomattox at ---- Mill and to examine the country from that to Bevill's Bridge. I found that the corps ha not crossed at the place indicated, and followed it on another road, overtaking it at 10 p. m. beyond Namozine Church, on the Namozine road. I found the roads, after the passage of artillery and a few heavy wagons, in very bad condition, the country hilly, the soil a sandy clay, and in the bottom land disposed to quicksand. The road had been much cut up by the passage of the rebel army with its trains, and our movements were, in consequence, rendered more difficult and laborious. At 5 a. m. on the 4th I started on my return to headquarters, which moved out on the Namozine road to the crossing of Deep Creek. The country passed over during the day presented a great uniformity in its general features, being a continuous succession of small hills, bordered by narrow shallow ravines, which quickly carried off the water from the high ground and caused rapid improvement of the roads during dry weather. This feature I remarked became more prominent as we moved up the Appomattox, the hills gradually assuming a more imposing altitude and the ravines often presenting considerable obstacle to movement across the fields. The country moved over was comparatively open the vicinity of the main roads, and between these there was a net work of plantation roads, affording to those conversant with the country great facilities for avoiding the quagmires in the main rods and for making short cuts. The country was well adapted to retard pursuit, both from the nature of the soil and form the admirable positions everywhere presented for a stand by the enemy's rear guard.

On the morning of the 5th I was ordered to gain information about the roads to Burke's Station and Jennings' Ordinary. I afterward accompanies headquarters to Jetersville, and was engaged during the afternoon in collecting information about the surrounding country, nd assisted putting the troops in position to meet an expected attack. On the 6th I was ordered to the Second Corps, and accompanied it during the day. The corps moved at 6 a. m., in three columns, toward Amelia Court-House, but striking the enemy at Amelia Springs, the order was

