
the most desperate attempt to recover their lost work. Our troops while holding Fort Mahone were engaged in taking possession of and turning against the enemy their front line of works, and in the course of the day held the works on either side for a distance of, perhaps, half a mile. The complete occupancy of the line was prevented in a measure by detached batteries of the enemy, which were in position at a considerable distance to the rear of their main line of works, but which were meanwhile engaged with the batteries on our own line. The loss of the Ninth Corps during the day was reported to be 160 killed and 700 to 800 wounded. During the day quite large fires had rapidly broken out in the city, and that an early evacuation of the city might be looked for.

During the night of the 2nd instant the enemy evacuated the city of Petersburg, and early on the morning of the 3rd a portion of our troops were reported a occupying the city.

On the 3rd instant I was on duty at General Parke's headquarters, finding roads on which to march the Ninth Corps, &amp;c. On the night of the 3rd instant headquarters were established near the headquarters Army of the Potomac, near Sutherland's Station.

On the morning of the 4th instant I was ordered by you to report for duty at headquarters Army of the Potomac, and since that date have been on duty with neither of the corps of the army, but have been on duty with neither of the corps of the army, but have been on duty with neither of the corps of the army, but have been on duty either at headquarters of the army or in change of Battalion U. S. Engineers, which have been engaged in countering in front of headquarters trains.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. B. PHILLIPS,

First Lieutenant of Engineers.

Bvt. Colonel J. C. DUANE,

Chief Engineer, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 18. Report of Bvt. Major General Henry J. Hunt, U. S. Army, Chief of Artillery

ARTILLERY HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Camp near Fort Albany, Va., June 1, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor herewith to submit a report of the artillery operations of this army subsequent to March 25, 1865.

The artillery consisted of forty-two field batteries, mostly of four guns each, and a siege train, as follows:

SIEGE ARTILLERY.

Eleven light 12-pounder field guns, eight 12-pounder field howitzers, one 24-pounder howitzer, two 32-pounder howitzers, nine 20-pounder Parrots (rifle), four 10-pounder Parrots (rifle), four 3-inch ordnance (rifle), one 6-pounder Sawyer (rifle)-forty guns of position, twelve 8-inch siege howitzers, thirty-seven siege mortars (one 13-inch seacoast, six 10-inch sea-coast, ten 10-inch siege, twenty 8-inch siege), thirty-six Coehorn mortars, ten 100-pounder Parrots (rifle), thirty-eight 30-pounder Parrots (siege), fourteen 4 1\2-inch siege rifles, one 30-pounder rifle (Brooke), rebel-188 piece; 62 officers, 1,767 enlisted men; total, 1,829.

The Siege Artillery, under the command of Bvt. Brigadier General Henry L. Abbot, consisted of 40 guns of position, 75 siege pieces (10 of which

