
Second Corps, twelve batteries; Fifth Corps, eleven batteries; Sixth Corps, nine batteries, Ninth Corps, six batteries; Artillery Reserve, four batteries. The Horse Artillery was detached form this army with the cavalry. The Second and sixth Corps and the Reserve Artillery had also six Coehorn mortars, each with 100 round of ammunition.

Twenty-four of the batteries had two extra caissons each, and in the trains of the artillery brigades of the corps and of Reserve sufficient wagons were provided to transport the additional ammunition necessary to carry up the full supply to 270 rounds per gun. The field artillery comprised 202 guns, 511 artillery carriages, 3,972 horses, 6,123 men, besides the trains and 12 Coehorn mortars, with their equipments, &amp;c.

On the 29th March the batteries for field service with the corps were ordered to be reduced to six for the Second and Sixth Corps and five for the Fifth and Ninth Corps. The reduction was effected at once in the Second and Fifth corps and the surplus batteries either left temporarily in position on the lines occupied by the Sixth corps in front of Petersburg or sent to report to Brigadier-General Tidball, commanding the artillery of the Ninth Corps, who employed such of them as he required in the lines or in reserve, and ordered the remainder to report to the Artillery Reserve of the army, at City Point. For the operations of the artillery in the reduction of Petersburg and subsequent operations, I respectfully refer you to the reports of the chiefs of artillery of the respective corps transmitted herewith.

When the Sixth and Ninth Corps moved after the capture of Petersburg they took with them six batteries each, leaving all the rest of the artillery in reserve at and near Petersburg. The field artillery with the army was thus actually twenty-three batteries-in all, ninety-two guns.

The severe marching entailed by the campaign on the batteries which, over bad road and with scant forage, were required to keep up with the movements of the cavalry and infantry, broke down many of he horses which at the commencement of the campaign were not in very good condition, as the allowance of forage during the whole winter had been restricted, the allowance of hay being but three or four pounds per diem.

Much additional labor was thrown upon the teams by their employment in hauling to the rear and securing captured and abandoned artillery. To replace the horses thus broken down heavy drafts were made on the Reserve Artillery, which, commencing on the 5th of April sent forward fresh teams to exchange for those which were broken down. In this way the artillery with the corps was kept in efficient condition, and was at all times prepared to act with the other troops. The records and reports show that the artillery bore its full share of the labors and dangers of this the last campaign of the rebellion.

To the chiefs and commanders of the artillery-Brigadier-General Hays, commanding Reserve Artillery; Brevet Brigadier-General Wainwright, Fifth Corps; Brevet Brigadier-General Tidgall, Ninth Corps; and Brevet Brigadier General Abbot, siege Artillery; Lieutenant-Colonel Hazard, Second Corps; Brevet Major Cowan, Sixty Corps; to Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Fitzhugh, serving with Artillery Brigade, Fifth Corps; to Majors Ricketts and Miller, of the Reserve, and Ager, of the Siege Train-too much credit cannot be given for he excellent manner in which heir duties were performed. These duties were very ardors, and required for their efficient performance a much larger number of field officers. As it was, the maximum of efficiency possible under the circumstances was secured, and I respectfully recom-

