
Bermuda Hundred, where I counted the following, going outward from the parapet; First fraise; second, ditch; third, abatis; fourth, palisading; fifth, chevaux-de-firse; sixth, after interval of 150 yards, abatis; seventh, after interval of 400 yards, an entrenched picket line, with abatis in front. In this vicinity they had been exposed to much shelling form guns, and had resorted to the following devise: A continuous spinter-proof wa made in the breast-height revetment-top two feet above banquette tread, bottom one foot below, width four feet. This was to every two yards of crest. Here, too, I noticed a strange kind of mantles, of wood, swung by an arrangement like the usual well-curb. It was evidently aa very poor device. They often used logs, looped at three feet intervals, on top of the parapet to cover the heads of the infantry. But as these and many other odd arrangements will doubt-less be fully reported by the officers engaged in surveying the lines, I will not cumber this paper with them.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Captain of Engineers, Brevet Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Brigadier General RICHARD DELAFIELD,

Chief Engineer U. S. Army.

RICHMOND, June 4, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following as my personal report and report of operations for the month of May, 1865:

The following changes have occurred in my command: On May 1 Companies E and M, Third Pennsylvania Artillery, were relieved from my command, and about May 15 the Seventh New York Independent Battery, thus leaving me my regiment and the Third Connecticut Battery. On May 4, by Special Orders, Numbers 3, headquarters Military Division of the James, my regiment was transferred from Army of the Potomac to Army of the James. On May 6, by General Orders, Numbers 54, headquarters Department of Virginia, I was appointed chief of artillery of the department, and my siege artillery brigade ordered to report directs to headquarters, and not to General Hartsuff as heretofore. (Copy of this order inclosed.) On May 20 I was detailed by of an examining board for colonels and staff officers. (Copy of this order inclosed.*)

I have retained command of my regiment and brigade during the month. The latter has been engaged in removing the heavy water bearing guns from the rebel James River batteries. I have prevailed series of views of these batteries, with a view of preserving an invaluable record of their wonderful completeness. General Michie may take a few sets, but I think the Department should order several more. I will vouch for their excellence and importance.

The only matter of professional interest brought to my notice has been the wreck of one of the rebel iron-clad rams; this vessel was blown up near Fort Drewry. The force of the explosion was terrific;

*See Part III.

