
it threw a mass of timber and iron belonging to the caseate and weithting, according to as close a calculation as I cared to make, about 50,000 pounds, from the river over a bluff about twenty feet high to a distance of about 100 yards; it threw bars of iron, eight inches by two inches by ten feet, over half a mile. The caseate was plated with four plates, each two inches thick by eight inches broad, of rolled iron, and backed by a solid mass of timber. These sides sloped at angles of 45 degrees, and yet the rebels admit that a single 15-inch shot did them great damage.

My address continues, "First Connecticut Artillery, City Point, Va.:" and I would earnestly request that the name of the regiment may be always added; it has been dropped of late, and my letters are delayed, in consequence.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Bvt. Brigadier General of Vols., Captain of Engineers, U. S. Army.

Brigadier General RICHARD DELAFIELD,

Chief Engineer U. S. Army.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, ARMY OF THE JAMES,

Numbers 54. Richmond, Va., May 6, 1865.

I. Bvt. Brigadier General H. L. Abbot is hereby announced as chief artillery of the Department of Virginia, and will report in person to the commanding general for instruction.

II. General Abbot will continue in command of his brigade and of the siege artillery train, with headquarters at Richmond, and will make all reports and returns direct to these headquarters.

III. General Abbot's brigade will be assigned to the occupation of such heavy gun batteries around Richmond as may require garrisons.

By command of Major-General Ord:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS SIEGE ARTILLERY, Broadway Landing, Va., April 14, 1865.

GENERAL: I inclose a list of my siege batteries on the front of the Ninth Corps during the battle of April 2. They were commanded by Major George Ager, First Connecticut Artillery, and were served entirely by companies of that regiment. A detachment of 4 commissioned officers and 100 men, under command of First Lieutenant William H. Rogers, First Connecticut Artillery, accompanied the assaulting column and served captured guns during the engagement.

