
Company L, and 29 from Company M, making a total of 4 officers and 100 enlisted men, all under command of Lieutenant Rogers. they were divided into three platoons, each commanded by a second lieutenant. Each platoon was divided into three gun detachments were armed with their muskets and provided with lanyards, primers, fuzes, priming wires, &amp;c., necessary to the proper serving of captured artillery. This command joined the assaulting command near Battery Numbers 20, and entered, among the first, the enemy's works in front. They immediately began to serve four captured light 12-pounder guns upon the retreating masses of the enemy. Two more light 12-pounders were moved by them across the work, under a heavy fire, and within half an hour were opened also upon the enemy. These six guns were served most gallantly all day and during the night. About 400 rounds, captured with the pieces, were expended, and a like amount, in addition, which was carried by hand from our lines. The men not required to serve the pieces used their muskets effectively, expending all their own ammunition and much more taken from the prisoners and the dead and wounded. They captured about fifteen prisoners in the different assaults, and turned them over to be sent to the rear. Too much commendation cannot be given to Lieutenant Rogers and to his officers and men for their noble conduct, which contributed greatly to the repulse of the many gallant assaults made by the enemy to retake the captured works. Among the enlisted men Lieutenant Rogers especially names Corpl. W. D. Hogan, of Company K, as highly meritorious.

All the operations on the Petersburg front were conducted under the immediate command of Major George Ager, First Connecticut Artillery, and he well maintained his high reputation for intelligence, gallantry, and professional skill. The fire of Captain Faxon from Fort Avery, of Lieutenant Patterson from Fort Morton, and of Lieutenant Malony from Fort Davis, I noticed as being especially effective and well directed. To Captain S. P. Hatfield, First Connecticut Artillery, my ordnance officer, great credit is due for good judgment and energy in directing his department, which the large and sudden demands form all parts of the line, and the unexpected removal of the telegraph office from the depot, rendered a matter of serious difficultly. Indeed, the conduct of the entire command was all that could be desired.

Before daylight on April 3 the enemy evacuated Petersburg. Between that date and April 9 my command was busily engaged in removing the ordnance form our own batteries, and from the enemy's lines, to my depot at Broadway Landing for shipment. The following exhibits what was accomplished:

All my guns and mortars on the Petersburg front, heretofore named, were removed, with all their ammunition and implements; also the following captured ordnance,e with ammunition complete. Except the light guns removed by General Tidball, this list includes all that was left on the Ninth Corps front and in the various batteries on the Appomattox River; also along the line of water batteries on the west bank of Fort Drewry. There are still in position between Howlett Battery and Fort Drewry forty-two sea-coast guns and mortars of very heavy caliber, which I shall remove as soon as possible. On April 8 I established a branch depot near Chaffin's Bluff, on James River, placing Major Brooker, First Connecticut Artillery, in command, with three companies of that regiment. He will collect the large supplies of ordnance

