
ing, which, as directed by you, I propose to keep afloat, viz: thirty 30-pounder Parrots, twenty 8-inch mortars, and thirty-seven Coehorn mortars, with 500 rounds complete; also the necessary gins, mortar wagons, &amp;c. This will require about eight barges or schooners, if all kept afloat.

As reported in my letter of the 21 st instant I have removed sixty-seven rebel guns, carriages, ammunition, &c., complete from the lines south of James River, and have sent or am sending them to the Washington Arsenal as fast as possible.

The following is the disposition and present force of my command, which is all temporarily command of Major-General Hartsuff, commanding Petersburg, City Point, Bermuda hundred lines, &c., while the Siege Train is temporarily detached from the Army of Potomac, or, rather, is temporarily absent form it, for no order detaching it has been issued, nor do I suppose any such is intended: It consists of the thirteen companies constituting the Siege Train and of three additional companies belonging to the Army of the James. Its duties are the holding of the Bermuda Hundred lines, the removal of the heavy water batteries of the rebels on James River, and the patrolling of the country near the Richmond nd Petersburg Railroad. It is stationed a follows, or will be in a day or two, as soon as I can break up the depot at Broadway:One battalion on north side of James River, at Chaffin's Bluff, removing rebel guns, four companies; one battalion near Howlett Battery, removing rebel guns, three companies; one battalion near Drewry's Bluff, removing ruble guns, three companies; also two companies patrolling and picketing the railroad. My headquarters will be removed to Fort Drewry, on James River, on next Friday or Saturday. It is designed to keep the guns in this work (fifteen guns, chiefly columbiads) for the present. There are about forty very heavy guns, ammunition, &c., to be removed, which will certainly take six weeks.

If you think best, I can park my train near Fort Drewry, which you can easily reach by tug from City Point, as I am very desirous that you should inspect the rebel water batteries and ordnance before it is removed or disturbed; if not, I should like an order to proceed to your headquarters in person, as there are several points upon which I would like instructions. After this week my address will be, "Fort Drewry, through General Hartsuff, Petersburg," at least until I can get my mail established through Richmond, where I shall have to draw supplies, I suppose.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Brevet Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Bvt. Major General HENRY J. HUNT,

Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 20. Report of Lieutenant William H. Rogers, commanding detachment First Connecticut Heavy Artillery.

BROADWAY LANDING, VA., April 14, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to forward the following as a statement of the part taken by a detachment of the First Connecticut

