
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SIEGE BATTERIES, Before Petersburg, April 18, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to headquarters Siege Artillery, with the following additional information: In obedience to orders from General Tidball, received on the 31st of March, a detail of 4 officers and 100 enlisted men was made form the companies under my command, as follows: Lieutenant Couch, with 10 men from Company K; Lieutenant Smith, with 25 men from Company E; Lieutenant Couch, with 20 men from Company M and 25 men form Company i; all of the First Connecticut Artillery. They were held in readiness to take possession of and serve any of the enemy's guns that might by any circumstances fall into the enemy's line; Lieutenant Rogers' command, accompanying the assaulting column, were among the first to tender the works of the enemy. They turned the captured guns and delivered a terrible fire on their retreating columns, and during the entire day of the 2nd continued the fire form six 12-pounder guns. About 400 rounds of ammunition were captured with the pieces. At about 11 a. m. I visited the captured work; found about half the detachment which was not required for the service of th guns manning the parapet and with their small-arms assisting in the repulse, capturing some fifteen prisoners during the many assaults many by the enemy to retake the work. Some 800 rounds were fired from the guns captured, and the men with small-arms supplied themselves with ammunition from prisoners captured and the dead and dying in the fort. Singular to say, the casualties of this detachment were very light, considering that they were exposed to an enfilading fire of case and canister, and, besides, were very much exposed to sharpshooters; only 1 man killed and 6 slightly wounded.

I may be brief in speaking of the conduct of officers and men, for it is well known that all did nobly, particularly Lieutenant Rogers, to whose courage and daring in the assault, and good judgment in the disposition of his command after the capture of the work, much credit is due, and to whom the succeeds of holding the work may be attributed.

GEORGE AGER,Major, First Connecticut Artillery.

Numbers 21. Reports of Major General Andrew A. Humphreys, U. S. Army, commanding Second Army Corps.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, April 10, 1865.

GENERAL: On the night of Thursday, the 6th instant, I made a brief report* as to the result of the operations during that day, when the Second Corps, after discovering the enemy in retreat, through Amelia Sulphur Springs, in the direction of Deatonsville, and receiving orders to move in that direction, pursued the enemy rapidly, driving

*See Humphreys to Webb, 7.30 p. m. April 6, Part III.

43 R R-VOL XLVI, PT I

