
him by constant combat over twelve miles, through a country where forests with dense undergrowth and swamps alternated with cultivated fields, capturing and destroying over 300 wagons (ambulances included), taking 5 pieces of artillery, several flags, and about 1,000 prisoners. Night put an end to the pursuit at Sailor's Creek, where the last fight occurred and where the chief captures were made. The pursuit was renewed the next morning, 7th instant, at 5.30 a. m., and the rear of the enemy overtaken (General Barlow, Second Division, leading) at High Bridge, just as he had find the common road bridge over the Appomattox, and as the second span of the railroad bridge was burning. A considerable force of the enemy was drawn up on the heights bridge, but were quickly driven skirmishers attempted to hold the bridge, but were quickly driven from it, and the troops crossed over. High Bridge was saved with great difficulty, with the loss of four spans. The redoubt forming the bridge-head on the south side of the river was blown up, and eight pieces of artillery in it abandoned to us, together with ten pieces of artillery in the works on the north side. A strong column of the enemy moved off along the railroad in the direction of Farmville, while another moved in a northwest direction. I sent General Barlow, commanding Second Division, toward Farmville, three miles distant, and moved with Miles and De Trobriand on the road running northwest, intersecting the stage road from Farmville to Lynchburg at a point about four miles form Farmville and four miles from High Bridge. General Barlow found Farmville in the possession of a strong force of the enemy, who were burning the bridges there and covering a train of wagons moving toward Lynchburg. He attacked, and the enemy soon abandoned the town, burnt over 130 of the wagons, and joined the main body of Lee's army, who were entrenched in a strong position at the intersection of the Lynchburg and High Bridge road, where the other two divisions of the Second Corps arrived soon after General Barlow reached the vicinity of Farmville.

Seeing our approach the enemy opened their artillery upon us with some effect. Our skirmishers advanced at once and drove in those of the enemy and developed their position. The troops and artillery were quickly formed for attack, but the enemy's position was too strong and too well entrenched to admit of a front attack, and an effort was made to take it in flank, but their flanks were found to extend beyond ours. General Barlow was then ordered up, and learning form prisoners that sent to the commanding general of the army, with the suggestion that another corps should attack from the direction of Farmville at the same time that the Second attacked. While awaiting the arrival of Barlow the enemy was observed to shorten his right flank, and some firing being hear in the direction of Farmville (which was supposed to be the Sixth Corps advancing), I contracted my left and extended my right (the length of a division front), hoping to envelope his left flank. An attack was then made forme Miles' right, which was repulsed with considerable loss, the entrenchments and position being found as strong here as at any other point. Upon the arrival of General Barlow he was placed on the right of Miles, but it was dark by the time he got into position, an further attack was postponed. As was expected, in the morning the enemy was found to have abandoned the position during the night.

I regret to report that Brigadier General Thomas A. Smyth, commanding brigade, Second Division, a gallant and highly meritorious officer was mortally wounded at Farmiville. Brigadier-General Lewis, command-

