
ing brigade, Walker's division, Gordon's corps, Confederate army, severely wounded (together with other wounded officers and men), was left in our hands by the enemy.

The pursuit was resumed at 5.30 a. m. of the 8th, on the route to Lynchburg, by the Cumberland Court-House and Appomattox Court-House road. Four pieces of artillery was abandoned by the enemy on the route and fell into our hands.

At New Store the enemy's cavalry pickets were come across. A halt of about two hours was made at sunset, nd the march resumed with the object of coming up with the enemy, but finding no probability of doing so during the night, and the men being much exhausted for the want of food and from fatigue, and head of the column was halted at midnight. The rear did not get up until morning, and the supply train of two days' rations later. As soon as they could be issued the troops moved forward again at 8 a. m. and at 11 a. m. came up with the enemy's skirmishers about three miles from Apomattox Court-House, where they remained during the day under the flags of truce. Frequent halts were made to give and received communication form and for the lieutenant-general commanding the Armies of the United States, under flags of truce.

Nothing could be finer than the spirit of the officers and men during the whole operations. The division commanders are especially entitled to my thanks-Major-General Miles, Major-General Mott, Major-General Barlow, Brigadier-General De Trobriand, as also the commander of the Artillery Brigade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-The total result to the Second Corps since the commencement of the campaign is 34 guns, 15 flags, about 5,000 prisoners, nd the capture or destruction of over 400 wagons (including ambulances), with their contents.

A. A. H.,

Major-General.

Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, Virginia, April 21, 1865.

GENERAL: I have to submit, for the information of the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac, the following report of the operations of the Second Army Corps during the campaign just closed:

In conformity to the orders and instructions from the headquarters of the Army of the Potomac of the 27th and 28th of March, the corps moved at 6 a. m. on the 29th with the artillery, ammunition, rations, and trains prescribed, crossed Hatcher's Run nd took position covering the Vaughan road with its right resting within supporting distance of the Twenty-fourth Corps (which had taken the place of the Second Corps in the entrancements extending to the Vaughan road crossing of Hatcher's Run), and its left thrown back to the vicinity of Gravelly Run, about half a mile form the Quaker road. The Second Division was on the right, the Third Division in the center, and the First Division on the left, each division having one-third of its force in reserve. At about 8.30 or 9 a. m. communication was established from the

