
Vaughan road crossing of Gravelly Run with Major-General Warren, commanding Fifth Corps, at the intersection of the old stage and Quaker roads, about a mile distant, on the south side of Gravelly Run. A mounted reconnoitering party was sent up Gravelly Run to the Quaker road, while the line of battle was being formed, who drove the enemy's cavalry pickets and followed them up the Quaker road beyond the old saw-mill, until they met the enemy's infantry pickets entrenched. As soon as the line was formed skirmishers were thrown forward and the enemy's pickets, thinly established, driven from an entrenched line, afterward found to extend from near the Crow house, on Hatcher's Run, to the vicinity of the Quaker road. A reconnoiter party was sent along this entrenched line to the Quaker road at the saw-mill. The advance of the line of battle and skirmishers was stayed, by direction of the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac, until further orders. At about 4 p. m. I was informed by him that the Fifth Corps was advancing up the Quaker road, and was directed to advance my line of battle and connect wit it. The whole line was moved forward at once and connection formed, but rapidly broken, owing to the dense forest and undergrowth. Upon receiving a dispatch from General Webb, dated 4.50 p. m., informing me that General Griffin had been attacked by two divisions of the enemy and directing me to support Griffin's right, if needed, I rode to that quarter, sending the necessary instructions, and at a few minutes before 6 p. m., while near General Warren's right, I received another dispatch from General Webb, dated 5.40 p. m., informing me General Warren would attack at 6 p. m., and desiring me to support the advance of may whole line was continued until dark, through dense forrest, undergrowth,a n swamp, the connection with General Griffin, who advanced along the Quaker road, being made and broken constantly. The enemy's skirmishers were driven in before us, but no main line was encountered, when darkness put a stop to our progress.

At 6 a. m. on the 30th the advance was resumed, Hays' division on the right being supported by Turner's division, of the Twenty-fourth Corps. The enemy was driven inside his entrenchments along Hatcher's Run and the White Oak road, this position being attained at about 8.30 or 9 a. m. The right of the corps (General hays' right) rested on Hatcher's Run, near the Crow house and the enemy's redoubt in that vicinity. Turner's division, of the Twenty-fourth Corps, took post along Hatcher's Run connecting with the old interchements which were occupied by the Twenty-fourth Corps. The left of the corps connected with the Fifth Corps near the Boydton plank road in the vicinity of mrs. Rainey's. The line of battle was extended in front of the enemy's entrenchments, and was pressed as closely to them as practicable without assaulting. The left, on he Boydton plank road, was subsequently advanced in conjunction with the Fifth Corps so as to include the whole of the Dabney Mill road. The skirmish line was pressed close up against the enemy's works during the whole day, developing their character and condition. The enemy's artillery along our front kept up a pretty constant fire upon our skirmishers as theirs were pressed back. With great difficulty, owing to the rain of the night before and during the day, guns were brought up to our right and to our left. The orders for the day were completely carried out. Strong working parties were put upon the roads, which had become impassable for artillery and wagons. Turner's division, of the Twenty-fourth corps,

