
remainder of the army. General Mott and General Hays were instructed accordingly, and directed to keep up constant attacks upon the enemy's pickets, beginning at 4 a. m., and to take advantage of any chance that occurred. About 6 a. m., having been informed by General Webb that both General Wright and General Parke had carried and held portions of the enemy's lines, I directed General Hays to try and carry the Crowhosue redoubts and General McAllister captured the enemy's entrenched picket-line in his front, under the fire of their artillery as well as musketry, and about 8 a. m. General Hays carried the Crow-house redoubt and the work adjoining it one the enemy's right, capturing three pieces of artillery and a large part of the garrisons. The enemy's artillery fired but once upon the assaulting party General Hays immediately extended to his left in the enemy's works.

At 8.30 a. m. Major-General Mott reported to me that the enemy in his front were moving quickly to our left inside their entrancements, and subsequently that they were withdrawing their artillery form the redoubts. I ordered him to press forward on the enemy and attack. At 9 a. m. I received intelligence from General Miles that he was on his return and about two miles form the position he had occupied the night before on the White Oak road. I had previously been informed from the headquarters of the army that Major-General Sheridan would move at daylight and sweep the White Oak road and all north of it down to Petersburg.

Believing that General Wright's and General Ord's troops had cut off from Petersburg all the enemy's force to our left of the point where Wright had penetrated their works, I directed Mott to pursue the enemy by the White Oak and Claiborne roads leading to Sutherland's Station, on the South Side Railroad, Hays to follow Mott, and Miles to enter their works by the White Oak road and take the Claiborne road. From Miles' position on the White Oak road he would probably lead. I expected by this movement to close in on the rear of that portion of the enemy's troops cut off from Petersburg, while Sheridan would probably strike their flank and front. Upon the arrival of the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac upon the ground these orders were changed-Mott and Hays were ordered to move on the Boydton plank rod toward Petersburg and connect on the right with Wright's corps, the Sixth; and Miles was instructed to move forward Petersburg by the first right-hand fork road after crossing Hatcher's Run and connect with the other divisions.

These orders having been given, I rode over to Miles' division, which I overtook on the Claiborne road, about a mile beyond Hatcher's Run, meeting also General Sheridan in that vicinity. Upon learning from the later hat he had not intended to return General Miles' division to my command, I declined to assume further command of it, and left it to carry out General Sheridan's instructions, whatever they might be. It had just got in contact with the enemy's rear.

I rejoined, as rapidly as possible, my other two divisions, and about 2.30 p. m., while putting them in position in front of Petersburg, near Rohoick Creek, was informed by the major-general commanding the army that General Miles needed support, and was directed to take one of my divisions for that purpose, leaving the other to report to General Wright until my return. Taking the Second Division, I moved rapidly as possible by the Cox road toward Sutherland's Station, expecting, if the enemy were still in front of Miles, to take them in flank. Upon nearing the

