
At about 9.45 a. m. I received a dispatch from General Webb, dated 9.30 a. m., directing the Second Corps to move on Deatonsville, the Sixth Corps to move through Jetersville and take position on the left of the Second Corps, and the Fifth Corps to move on the right of the army. I at once directed General Mott to move his whole division past Amelia Sulphur Springs to Deansonville and Ligontwon in pursuit of the enemy, his right resting on the road, General Miles to cross Flat Creek above Mott and move in pursuit in the same direction, his left resting on the road, and General Barlow, who had just reported and taken command of the Second Division, to follow the right of the First Division. The Fifth and Third Divisions were to have two-thirds of their force in line of battle, one-third in reserve. The enemy hasd burnt the bridge over Flat Creek; others were built in an incredibly short those of the enemy. I soon learnt that the whole of Lee's army was near us, in retreat, and information went to show that a strong column was moving on the road from Amelia Court-House through Paineville toward Ligontown. For that reason General Barlow was moved in column in rear of Miles' right, with directions to look out for his right flank and reat (this information was, however, probably erroneous). A sharp contest with the enemy commenced at once, and he was driven rapidly before us, until night put a stop tot he pursuit, at Sailor's Creek, near its mouth, a distance of about fourteen miles from Amelia Sulphur Springs, over every foot of which a running fight was kept up, and several strong partially entrenched positions carried, the enemy using his artillery effectively. The country was broken, and consisted of open fields alternating with forest with dense undergrowth,a nd swamps, over the through which the lines of battle followed closely on the skirmish line with a rapidity and nearness of connection that I believe to be unexampled, and which I confess astonished me. Nothing could have been finer than the spirit of the officers and men.

The last attempted stand of the enemy was at Sailor's Creek, where a short, sharp contest gave us 13 flags, 3 pieces of artillery, several hundred prisoners, over 200 wagons, with their contents, and more than 70 ambulances. Between thirty and fifty wagons, several battery forges, and limbers were left or destroyed on the road, which for many miles was strewn with tents, baggage, and camp equipage.

The whole result of the day's work to the corps was 13 flags, 4 guns, about 1,700 prisoners, and over 300 wagons, including ambulances, with their contents. The Second Division, being on the right scarcely came in contact with the enemy.

I have no means of estimating the loss of the enemy in killed and wounded. Our own loss was:

 Kill	 Kill	 Woun	 Woun	 Missin	 Missing

 ed.	 ed. 	 ded.	 ded.	 g.	 .

 Offi	 Men.	 Offi	 Men.	 Office	 Men.

 cers	 	 cers	 	 rs.

 .	 	 .

First division	 1	 19	 6	 73	 6	 64

Third Division	 1	 34	 16	 159	 .....	 15

Artillery	 	 	 	 2	 .....	 ......

 ...	 ....	 ....

I regret to report that Major-General Mott, commanding Third Division, was severely wounded in the leg while overlooking the attack

