
of the skirmish line in the vicinity of Amelia Sulphur Springs. The command of his division devolved upon Brigadier-General De Trobriand.

While passing Deatonsville the Sixth Corps was observed at some distance on the left, and subsequently, about two miles beyond Deatonsville, some of the cavalry and a brigade of the Sixth Corps were temporarily mixed with my troops. They moved southerly while I moved in a direction north of west.

The pursuit was resumed the next morning at 5.30 o'clock-General Miles following the road; General Barlow on the right, 1,000 yards distant; General De Trobriand on the left, 1,000 yards distant. Where the road forked-one branch running to High Bridge, the other to the vicinity of Rice's Station-the marks on the road indicated that the trains and main force of the enemy had moved on the latter which I accordingly followed, but learning subsequently from the people of the country that the main body of troops had gone to High Bridge I moved across to it. This brought General Barlow to the bridge a short time in advance of the First Division. Here he overtook the rear second span of the railroad bridge was burning. The wagon road bridge was secured-a matter of some importance, as the Appomattox was not fordable.

A considerable force of the enemy was drawn up in a strong position on the heights of the opposite bank to oppose our passage, a position the strength of which the redoubts on the opposite side increased. Their skirmishers attempted to hold the bridge, but were quickly driven from it, and the troops crossed over, General Barlow's division leading. Artillery was rapidly put in position to cover our attack, but the enemy moved off without waiting for it. The redoubt forming the bridge-head on the south bank was blown up a we approached and eight pieces of artillery in it abandoned to us, were ten pieces in the works on the north side. High Bridge was saved, chiefly by the exertions of Colonel Livermore, of my staff, with the loss of four spans. A strong column of the enemy moved off along the railroad in the direction of Farmville, while another moved in a northwest direction. Believing that General Lee was moving toward Lynchbhurg by the old stage road, pushing through Appomattox Court-House, north of the Appomattox River, I moved, with Miles and De Trobriand, on the road running northwest and intersecting the stage road at a point about four miles from Farmville and four or five miles from High Bridge; but, least I might be mistaken in the route Lee was following, I sent General Barlow's (Second) division to Farmville by the railroad, about three miles distant. Artillery could not accompany him.

General Barlow found Farmville in possession of a strong force of the enemy, who were burning the bridges there and covering a wagons train moving toward Lynchburg. The bridges were burned and the troops o the south side prevented from crossing, as the river was not fordable for infantry and scarcely for cavalry. General Barlow attacked, and the enemy soon abandoned the town, burned about 130 wagons, and joined the main body of Lee's army, which a short time after I found entrenched and in a strong position four or five miles north of Farmville, covering the stage and plank road to Lynchburg.

In the attack of General Barlow, Brigadier-General Smyth, commanding Third Brigade, a gallant and highly meritorious officer, was mortally wounded. His fall led to the loss of some part of the skirmish line. Upon approaching the vicinity of the Lynchburg stage road our

