
skirmishers suddenly came in contact with those of the enemy and drove them back. The artillery of the enemy opened upon us as we approached with some effect. Our troops and artillery were quickly formed for attack, the skirmishers were advanced, and developed the position of the enemy. It was too strong naturally and too well entrenched to admit of a front attack, the ground being open and sloping up gradually to a crest, about 1,000 yards distant, which was crowned with their entrenchments and batteries. An effort was made to take it in flank, but their flanks were found to extend beyond ours. Our skirmishers were kept pressed against those of the enemy, and an attack with my whole force threatened. The prisoners we took indicating that the main part of Lee's remaining force was before me, General Barlow was ordered up, and the suggestion that another corps should attack from the direction of Farmville at the same time that the Second Corps attacked. The condition of the bridges and river at Farmville was not known to me at that time.

While awaiting the arrival of General Barlow the enemy was observed to shorten his right flank, and some firing being heard in the direction of Farmville, which was supposed to be the Sixth Corps advancing, I contracted my left and extended my right the length of a division front, hoping to envelop the enemy's left flank. An attack was then made from Miles' right with three regiments of his First Brigade, but without success and with considerable loss, the position and entrenchments being found as strong here as at any other point. Upon the arrival of General Barlow he was placed on the right of Miles, but it was dark by the time he got into position, and further attack was postponed.

The firing in the direction of Farmville, which was never heavy and soon ceased, I learned subsequently was upon some of our cavalry that had crossed, with great difficulty, at Farmville by wading. The Sixth Corps was not able to cross, I heard, until some time during the night. The results to this corps during this day were 19 guns captured and 130 wagons destroyed.

Our loss was 671 officers and men killed, wounded, and missing-of which the First Division lost 424, the Second Division 131, and the Third Division, 16.

Of the enemy's loss I cannot speak with any certainty. Brigadier-General Lewis, commanding brigade, Walker's division, Gordon's corps, Confederate army, severely wounded, together with other wounded officers and men, fell into our hands.

As was expected, in the morning the enemy was found to have abandoned his position during the night.

The pursuit was resumed at 5.30 a. m. on the 8th, on the road to Lynchburg (by the Cumberland Court-House and Appomattox Court-House stage road). Four pieces of artillery were abandoned by the enemy on the route and fell into our hands. At New Store the enemy's cavalry pickets were come up with. A halt was made of about two hours at sunset, and the march resumed, with the object of coming up with the main force of the enemy; but finding no probability of doing so during the night, and the men being much exhausted form the want of food and from fatigue, the head of the column was halted at midnight. The rear did not get up until morning, and the supply train of two days' rations later. As soon as the rations could be issued the troops moved forward again (at 8 a. m.), and at 11 a. m. came up with the enemy's skirmishers about three miles form Appomattox Court-House, where they remained during the day under the flags of truce. At about 4 p. m. it was announced that the Army of Northern Virginia had capitulated.

