HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, April 16, 1865.

Major-General WEBB, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I transmit herewith a copy of a communication from Brevet Major-General Barlow, commanding Second Division, Second Corps, respecting the capture of the redoubt near the Crow house, which must set at rest any claim the Twenty-fourth Corps may make to the capture of that redoubt. I ordered General Hays, then commanding Second Division, to attack and capture the redoubt, if practicable. he did capture it (receiving the fire of the artillery and musketry), and captured the artillery in the redoubt, together with some forty of the enemy. His advanced troops then pushed on the next redoubt on the right (the enemy's right), and captured it, and while there some of the Twenty-fourth Corps entered the Crow-house redoubt, already in the possession of the Second Corps. The statement of the officer commanding the leading troops accounts for the possession of a flag by the Twenty-fourth Corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, SECOND CORPS, April 15, 1865.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Commanding Second Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date touching the claim of the Twenty-fourth Army Corps to the capture of a redoubt on April 2 last. From inquiries I learn as follows:

The redoubts were on the west side of the run, nd the Twenty-fourth Corps was on the east side. The right of the Second Brigade of this division rested on the west bank of the run, connecting with the left of the Twenty-fourth Corps, which rested on the east bank. The attack was made by the Second nd First Brigades of this division simultaneously. The Nineteenth Massachusetts Volunteers was part of the attacking force. Captain Palmer and Lieutenant and Adjutant Aytoun, of that regiment, state that their regiments was fired on by one piece of artillery (one discharge) and about thirty musket shots,a nd lost four men wounded. They state that Captain Palmer was first officer in the fort, and Lieutenant Aytoun the second. They saw only men of this division and none of the Twenty-fourth Corps. The ground was such that had the Twenty-fought Corps crossed the run and attacked during the attack of this division, they could have been seen. Various officers state that they saw nothing of the Twenty-fourth Corps, had they crossed and attacked at this time, and who, yet, saw nothing of them: Lieutenant-Colonel La Point, Seventh Michigan Volunteers; Captain Porter, of this staff; Captain Palmer and Lieutenant Aytoun, mentioned above. After taking the first redoubt our men pushed on to the second, and then some of the Twenty-fourth Corps seemed to have crossed and entered the first redoubt. Lieutenant-Colonel La Point states that when he and his command had entered the second redoubt he saw some of the Twenty-fourth Corps crossing the run and approaching the first redoubt. He supposed them to be the enemy, and faced about his men to meet them before he discovered his mistake.

