
needed on an active campaign, and, without exception, all the wagons were well and judiciously filled. The hospitals were emptied of their sick, and commenced the campaign untrammeled. On the 29th of March the corps broke camp form its entrenched position and moved to the left of the Vaughan road across Hatcher's Run, taking up a new line, being merely a prolongation of the old one, and the left extending to the Quaker road near its junction with the Boydton plank road. No casualties from battle occurred on the day of the movement. The hospitals were moved to the left bank of Hatcher's Run, at the crossing of the Vaughan road, also the ambulance trains, except six ambulances to each division, which were to accompany the troops as closely ask he nature of the woods and country would permit. On the 30th, the army being advanced, the hospital and ambulance trains were brought over the stream, and the Second and Third Division hospitals established at a point on the Vaughan road known as the "Chimneys." The site chosen for the First Division hospital was at a house about two miles from the junction of the Boydton plank road and the Quaker road, nearly in rear of the First Division, but owning to bad roads was not established until the morning in of the 31st. No casualties occurred on this day. The morning of the 31st of March found the position of the troops somewhat changed. The Fist Division had extended to the left, and the Third Division occupied the lines held the day before by the First Division. It was necessary to move the Third Division hospital to the immediate vicinity of the hospital of the First Division.

The latter was not disturbed, as it was yet quite convenient to the line of battle. The Third Division hospital was late in getting its position, owing to bad roads. The wounded during the day numbered, form the First Division, 294; Second Division, 17; Third Division, 74; Artillery Brigade, 2; total, 388. All were in hospital and attended to during the night.

April 1, the troops of this corps were not engaged in any action, except slight skirmishing of pickets. No wounded were brought to the rear. The wounded in hospital were sent off to Humphrey's Station to be transferred to the Depot Field Hospital, City Point.

On the 2nd of April, the corps being expected to advance, the hospitals were made ready-to move at daylight. The First Division hospital moved to the Moody house, near Five Forks, and received 212 wounded. The Second Division hospital moved by the Squirrel level road to the Boydton plank road, and across the country to the Cox road, and camped in the neighborhood of its division, receiving during the day 3 wounded. The Third Division hospital moved up the Boydton plank road toward Petersburg, and camped with its division, it receiving during the day 57 wounded. The Artillery Brigade hospital accompanied the Third Division hospital, but had no wounded to car for. The total of wounded during the day was 272. April 3, the wounded were all sent to Petersburg for transportation to City Point, and the hospitals again empty of wounded. Followed the corps on its march after the enemy. The march continued on the Namozine road to Jatersville, without any occurrence of importance, until the morning of the 6th of April, when the corps struck he rear of the enemy near the Amelia Springs. A running fight occurred during the day, resulting in 41 wounded from the First Division, none from the Second Division, and 150 from the Third Division; total, 191. A hospital for the First Division was temporarily established at Amelia Springs, and moved forward late in the afternoon and camped near the corps. The Third

