
Division hospital was established at the Vaughan house two miles west of Amelia Springs. The corps moved during the day over ten miles, the advanced skirmish line fighting the enemy's rear guard at every hill on the road for over eight miles. The wounded from the First Division had necessarily to be conveyed far tot he rear before it could be arranged to move the hospital nearer the advancing lines. The Third Division hospital soon became so full as to make it impossible to transport them in a flying hospital, and arrangements were made to keep their wounded at the Vaughan house until they could be sent to some deport for the army.

On the 7th of April the corps moved across the Appomattox at High Bridge, where there was a slight skirmish, to the heights northeast of Farmville, where they found the enemy entrenched. The wounded of the First Division in yesterday's engagement, together with a few wounded at High Bridge, were sent by Rice's Station to Burkeville. After crossing the Appomattox, and late in the afternoon, the

hospitals of all the divisions were established at the Brooks house, and received during the day and night-First Division; 147; Second Division, 24; Third Division, 41; total, 212.

April 8, the enemy had abandoned their entrenched position,a nd the corps advanced on their line of retreat without coming up to them until midnight. The wounded of the previous day were sent to Burkeville in the morning, and the hospitals ordered forward to join the corps. The supply train of the corps arrived in the night and the empty wagons were sent to take up the wounded at the Vaughan house and convey them to Burkeville. I have since learned that they had been removed by ambulances of the Ninth Corps before the wagons reached there.

On the 9th the corps advanced a few miles, and was halted before reaching the enemy's lines to await the result of the negotiations which resulted in the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia to the armies commanded by Lieutenant-General Grant, U. S. Army.

The campaign was short but active, and pregnant with grand results in a military and political point of view, which is not my province to discuss. The rapidity of our movement and extent of country traveled over rendered it necessary to dispose of the wounded from the field hospital as speedily as possible, and the distance of the army depot made it difficult to dispose of them and at the same [time] retain a sufficient number of ambulances for the prospective wounded.

All the wounded sent to the rear in this campaign were accompanied with the necessary surgical attendance and supplies, and I believe that no suffering was experienced that could possible have been avoided. I have to add that all connected with the hospital department of this corps bore the fatigues of the march cheerfully and worked assiduously for the care and comfort of the wounded.

Accompanying this is the report of the chief ambulance officer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. PAGE,

Surgeon, U. S. Army, Medical Director, Second Army Corps.

Surg. T. A. McPARLIN.

Medical Director, Army of the Potomac.

