
General Griffin's division (First), of Fifth Corps, formed our support. The musketry continued with all its original activity for two hours, and it was past 8 p. m. before the enemy ceased to renew his attempts to break the line. During the course of the afternoon the Sixth Corps, on our right, assaulted the enemy's entrenched picket-line.

As usual during an engagement the medical officers unattached to the division field hospitals reported at the point where the stretcher bearers of each brigade transferred the wounded to the ambulance wagons, giving such attention to the patients as was imperative before sending them to the rear. The ambulance corps worked zealously, and very shortly after the termination of the engagement had all the wounded lodged at Patrick's Station. The hospitals had been re-established as soon as the musketry had indicated a line of battle fire; all the tents had been pitched and the operating staffs of the different tables had reported for duty. The surgeons in charge were instructed that their patients were required to be in condition to be moved to City Point by 10 a. m. of the morrow, and that immediately on their departure the establishments were again to be held in readiness for a sudden movement.

The casualties were as follows:

No casualties occurred in the medical or ambulance departments. Cars reported at Patrick's Station at noon of the following day, and by 1 p. m. the wounded were all on their way to the depot at the point. All had been attended to, every operation deemed necessary performed, and every wound dressed before the departure of the train.

On the 26th the troops retired from the line of captured rifle-pits to within the fortifications, where they lay quietly until the morning of the 29th instant. On the 28th the command was again placed under marching orders; the sick and wounded, 142 in number, that had accumulated int eh hospitals were sent to the point, and the establishment at Patrick's Station broken up and held in readiness to move after the troops.

Special requisitions filled by the medical purveyor had supplied the deficiencies caused by the fight on the 25th.

At 6 a. m. of the 29th the campaign was commenced, the Second Division moved across Hatcher's Run, on the Vaughan orad, and was followed by the Third and First. The forenoon was spent in perfecting the line of battle, making connection with the Fifth Corps on the left and on the right with the Twenty-fourth. The line extended east and west from the Quaker road to Hatcher's Run, north of the Vaughan crossing, the First Division being on the left and the Second on the

