
right. In the afternoon, while the Fifth Corps engaged the enemy, our line was pushed forward for some distance without the development of any opposition.

On the following morning, notwithstanding the heavy rain-storm that continued without intermission during the whole of the day, the advance in line of battle was continued, through dense undergrowth and swamps, until the position was reached and entrenched, stretching from the Twenty-fourth Corps, on Hatcher's Run, westward by J. Crow's house, north of the Dabney Millroad, crossing that road about a quarter of a mile from its termination in the Boydton plank, and connecting with the right of the Fifth Corps at Mrs. Rainey's in the angle formed by the junction of the Quaker or military and the Boydton roads. Mrs. Rainey's house was that used as a field hospital during the corps's engagement with the enemy ont eh 27th of October of last year.

In the order of march published for the morning of the 29th, it was directed that a medicine and an army wagon to each brigade and one-half of ambulances would be permitted to accompany the troops, and that each train should follow in rear of its division; but as the road was narrow, and a rapid movement into line of battle expected of the troops, which trains would possibly interfere with, the order was modified in so far as to direct the trains of the corps to remain on the left bank until all the direct the trains of the corps to remain on the left bank until all the troops and artillery had passed across. After the troops had assumed line of battle half a dozen ambulances were forwarded to the immediate rear of each division, while the hospital organization remained at the Cummings house, it being intended to form a hospital their should a fight take place on the line first assumed; but on the morning of the 30th the advance of the troops rendered a corresponding advance necessary on the part of the trains. They were accordingly moved over to the west side of the run, and parked to await events-the Second and Third Divisions at the "Chimneys" (the remains of a house), in an open space, where the road leading to Dabney's Mill leaves the Vaughan road; and the First at a wooden building on the main road, between the "Chimney'" and the crossing over Gravelly Run.

Late on the evening of the 29th twenty of our ambulances were sent to the Fifth Corps field hospital to aid in conveying the wounded of that command to Humphreys' Station.

On the succeeding day a number (about 100) of cavalrymen form Sheridan's command were admitted into the Second Division hospital, dressed, and then conveyed across the run for railroad transportation to the Point. Very early on the morning of the 31st, as the enemy were discovered in heavy force in front of the Fifth Corps, the First Division of this command was moved to the left to their support, the Third and Second Divisions extending to the left, to occupy the vacated part of the line. The hospital of the First Division was directed to move forward form the Vaughan road to a clearance about half a mile distant form the Dabney Mill road, on the north, and the Quaker road, on the west. The communications between this clearance and the roads and between them and the front were very free. Immediately after the hospital train had reached this point, at noon, the division became heavily engaged, and at 2 p. m. the Third Division participated lightly. The wounded were brought off the field with great promptness. The hospital train of the Third Division, at midday, was ordered to move to some sport near the position occupied by the First, but it was close upon midnight before it succeeded in reaching this point. The Vaughan and wood roads were in miserable condition, on account

