
of the heavy rains of the previous day, and, in addition to this, they were blocked up by ammunition and other heavy wagons that had found them impassable until roughly corduroyed. The wounded of the Third Division, however, did not suffer in ny degree form the want of the wagons. They were treated at the First Division hospital by the medical officers of their own division until the arrival of the train permitted them to form an establishment of their own.

The Second Division hospital remained at the Chimneys, as this position was still in rear, and near enough to the part of the line heald by the troops in the command.

The casualties in this fight were recorded as follows:

No casualties occurred in the medical or ambulance departments. In the afternoon arrangements were made for the transportation of the wounded to City Point. The medical officers were instructed to have all operations performed and every case attended to and ready for transmission to the rear by the following daybreak. The reserve train of ambulances, that which general orders on starting form the fortifications had prohibited us from taking with us, were sent for, in order to carry the wounded to Humphrey's Station, where cars were expected to be ready for them at 9 a. m.

Respectfully submitted.

CHARLES SMART,

Asst. Surg., U. S. Army, Medical Inspector, Second Army Corps.

Surg. THOMAS A. McPARLIN,

Medical Direction, Army of the Potomac.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, April 30, 1865.

DOCTOR: At the commencement of this month the corps formed a line of battle stretching form Hatcher's Run, on the right, westward past the Crow house, the Dabney Mill road, and the Rainey house, at the junction of the Quaker and Boydton roads, toward the White Oak road, where it connected with the Fifth Corps. the Second Division was on the right, the Third held the center, and the First the left. The hospitals were situated-the Second on the Vaugah road, near Hatcher's Run, and the Third and First at a point some distance in rear of the angle formed by the Dabney Mill and Quaker roads. The wounded from the engagement of the 31st of March, as mentioned in the report for that month, were being operated on with all diligence, in order to have them in proper condition by daybreak of the 1st instant for transmission to Warren's Station, where a train of cars was to be awaiting

