
them at 9 a. m. In order to transport them to the station the reserve half of the ambulances had been ordered up form the Cummings house, where they had been in park since the beginning of the campaign.

It was not, however, until about 10 o'clock on the morning of the 1st that they succeeded in reaching the field hospitals. They experienced much delay on account of the bottomless condition of the roads. By the time they arrived the wounded had all been properly cared for. They were immediately loaded up and dispatched for railroad transportation to the Point. In the meantime some changes were taking place in the position of the troops. The Fifty Corps moved off to the left toward the Five Forks, while this command extended toward the left to man the part of the line left unguarded by them. No fighting took place during the day, but toward evening and during the succeeding night the heavy cannonading and occasional musketry near Petersburg and at the Five Forks at times spread so as to engage the right and left of the corps line in the contest. At 8 a. m. of the 2nd instant an advance of part of the Third Division line was ordered, with the effect of driving the enemy form his advanced works, in the neighborhood of Burgess' Mills, and, as was subsequently found, of causing an evacuation f the main line. No sooner was this discovered than the corps was started road, skirmishing very heavily with the enemy, so closely did it follow in their rear. The Third Division, on the left, moved toward the Cox road, skirmishing very heavily with the enemy, so closely did it follow in their reaser. The Third Division advanced along the Boydton road toward Petersburg, near which it formed a line, connecting the left of division followed in rear of the troops, and was established at a suitable point on the road in rear of the battle line. The Second Division, accompanies by its field hospital, moved from the position in front of Dabney's Mill to the Boydton road, and thence along the Cox road to First Division, which had here rested from the pursuit. the ambulances and hospital train of the First Division had followed the troops, carrying the wounded along as they picket them up until the train being loaded they were compelled to halt at a house, Moody's, where a field hospital was formed. During the afternoon and evening the wounded from the division were carried to this place and underwent the necessary treatment. Two hundred and sixteen were received into this hospital, 8 into the Second, and 59 into the Third Division hospital; total received from the fight on April 2,283. Early on the morning of the 3rd, part of the reserve ambulances having returned from Warren's Station, a train was formed to carry these cases to Petersburg for railroad transportation tot he depot at the Point. About the same time the Third Division joined the main body of the corps at Well's Church, having vacated the position in front of Petersburg assumed during the p. m. of the previous day, and the whole command, in the order Third, First, and Second Divisions, followed by the hospital wagons, and a few ambulances that were not required to carry wounded to the city, moved westward along the Namozine road. The corps camped for the night near Namozine Church.

On the following morning the march was resumed, but before proceeding far two cavalry divisions, with their trains, blocked up the road in front, and impeded our progress. The corps camped on Deep Run. At midnight the troops were again on the move, and again calvary and trains interfered with the advance. By 8 a. m. the road was clear and the corps pushed on toward Jetersville, which was reached early in the afternoon. A position was assumed on the left of the Fifth Corps, temporary works were thrown up and the men bivoucked.

