
Next morning (6th instant) the works were abandoned and an advance toward Amelia Court-House was commenced, in progress of which, near the Sulphur Springs, the rear of the enemy's column was found. this changed the direction and manner of the march; line of battle was formed, and the enemy pursued through Deatonsville toward High Bridge, on the Appomattox. The rear of the enemy was engaged unremittingly until 8 p. m., when the corps bivouacked on Sailor's Run, where a large portion of the rebel wagon and ambulance trains had been captured. The hospital of the First Division was established early in the day at Amelia Springs, those of the Second and Third Divisions at a house (Vaughan) about a mile from this. There were collected into the First Division sixty cases, into the Third Division hospital, 170; total, 230; but 25 of these were rebels and dozen Union cavalrymen. The Second Division had none wounded.

In the evening all the ambulances that could be spared from the advance reported to the surgeons in charge of hospitals, in order to carry as many as possible of the cases to Burke's Station (Burkeville, Nottoway County), where a depot army hospital had been formed, but they were insufficient to carry all away. Medical department suplies were left with the cases that had to be left for the present at these field hospitals and suitable attendance and surgical skill provided them. No systematic assignment of commissary supplies was made to the surgeon detailed in charge, as most of his patients had more or less in their haversacks, and as both at the Springs and the Vaughan house there was a supply of corn meal, and fresh beef could be had for the shooting.

At High Bridge, on the following morning, the rear of the enemy was again struck, and skirmishing recommenced. Fighting continued with more or less activity until about 9 p. m., when the corps bivouacked near Farmville, on the right of the army-the Second Division on the right of the corps front, the First in the center, and the Third connecting with the right of the Sixth Corps. During the early part of this day's running fight no hospitals were established, but the wounded were carried along after the advance until, when near Farmville, the enemy made a determined stand; then field hospitals were formed about one mile and a half in rear of the battle line, at the Brooks house. The cases received here numbered as follows: First Division, 150; Second Division, 24; Third Division, 35; total, 209. These were operated on during the night, and in the morning dispatched to the depot at Burkeville in a train, consisting of some Ninth Corps ambulances that had reported to aid the medical department of this corps, some captured rebel ambulances, and a few of those belonging to this command that could be spared from the front in view of the speedy return of those sent from Amelia Springs to the Junction on the previous day. In the meantime, the enemy having evacuated their Farmville defenses, the troops were advancing in pursuit through Buckingham County, but they did not overtake the enemy so as to engage him. at midnight they bivouacked about a mile west of New Store. After settling in camp for the night commissary started for the Vaughan house, to carry to Burke's Station the sick and wounded left there on the afternoon of the 6th by the Third Division, but, as was afterward ascertained, these wagons were not required. Some ambulances belonging to the Ninth Army Corps had already picked them up and transported them to the depot.

