
On the 9th, although within striking distance of the enemy, no fighting took place, on account of the negotiations then in progress between the commanders of the two armies, which terminated, on the afternoon of that day, in the surrender of Lee's forces. The campaign was over.

No casualties are reported in the medical department of the corps. In the ambulance corps one sergeant belonging to the First Division train was slightly wounded. The casualties during the month, according to reports rendered by regimental surgeons, were:

Hospital.	 Killed	 Wounde

,	 d

 accord	 receiv

 ing to	 ed

 regime	 into

 ntal	 field

 medica	 hospit

 l	 al.

 office

 r's

 report

 .

First Division. 	 86	 481

Second Division. 	 7	 34

Third Division. 	 49	 276

Artillery Brigade.	 ---	 7

Total.	 142	 798

If to these be added the numbers yielded by the engagement of March 31 the losses of the corps during the campaign will figure:

 Killed	 Wounded

,	 receive

 accord	 d into

 ing to	 field

 regime	 hospita

 ntal	 l.

 medica

 l

 office

 rs'

 report

 .

During April.	 142	 798

On March 31.	 47	 388

Total in campaign*.	 186	 1.186

No accidents occurred from chloroform administration during the month. On the 11th instant, as the troops were under orders to report to Burkeville, the few severe cases of sickness in the command were placed in ambulances and sent on ahead, that they might avoid the fatigue and the discomfort of the delays incident to transportation in rear of their commands. On the morning of the 12th the march was commenced, and on the afternoon of the 14th instant the crops went into camp in the angle formed by the Lynchburg road and that leading to Danville. The Third Division formed camp near the former road, the First near the latter, whole the Second occupied the center. The march to this place was not hurriedly effected, but it was very fatiguing to the men. The delays experienced on account of the bad character of the roads, the labor required to improve them, and the exposure to the rain, which fell almost unremittingly during the march, had considerable influence in inducing that increased sickness in the command which showed itself immediately after settling in camp. The men were quartered in shelter-tents, which they had raised from the ground on uprights about a foot and a half high. The bunk or bed place in each was likewise

---------------

*But see revised table, p. 584.

---------------

