
in charge of Lieutenant McCarthy, of the First Division train. His instructions were to report to the chief quartermaster of the corps and accompany the general trains.

On the morning of the 28th [29th] the trains moved out on the Vaughan road in accordance with the orders received. Upon arriving at Humphreys' Station it was found that the corps had not as yet moved out; consequently the trains were parked in the open field near the station until the troops moved out, when it was found, at the crossing of Hatcher's Run, that it would be impracticable for the trains to follow in rear of their division, as the roads were narrow and it was not exactly known how soon the enemy would be found, and at the request of Major-General Humphreys the trains were halted and parked in an open field on the north bank of the river until the corps had crossed. The stretcher men, however, all crossed with their commands. On the 29th [30th] the trains were ordered to cross, and, in accordance with orders, parked at a place known as the "Three Chimneys," where a hospital was established. During its stay at this place all the drivers were engaged in building roads to the front.

On the evening of the 30th [29th] orders were received to send twenty ambulances to assist the Fifth Corps in removing their wounded. Lieutenant Lillibridge, of the Second Division train, was detailed to take command of the twenty-one ambulances that went to the Fifth Corps, assisted by a sergeant from each division train. Lieutenant Lillibridge reached the Fifth Corps hospital a little before daylight on the morning of the 31st [30th], and loaded his ambulances and proceeded to Humphreys' Station. After unloading the wounded he rejoined his command on the evening of the 31st [30th]. During the afternoon of the 31st Lieutenant Callanen, of the Second Division train, received orders from Doctor McParlin, medical director, Army of the Potomac, to remove the wounded of the cavalry, which were at that time in the Second Division hospital. For this purpose seventeen ambulances were sent to Humphreys' Station. In the meantime orders were given him that if he needed more ambulances to send for his reserve train, which he did. During this day the First Division was engaged with the enemy. Ambulances were sent to the front and the wounded were conveyed to the hospitals which were established near the Vaughan road. During this day twenty-four ambulances of the First Division were sent to Warren's Station with wounded, under the charge of Lieutenant Clark, First Division ambulance corps. Lieutenant Paxton, of the First Division train, also took ten of the First Division, nine of the Second Division, and sixteen of the Third Division loaded with wounded to Warren's Station.

April 1, Lieutenant Clark reported back with his train, which had been to the station, and from thence followed the division with nine ambulances. On this day Lieutenant Chase, of the First Division, joined the command with twenty-four ambulances, four medical wagons, and five army wagons; Lieutenant Chase having been on leave of absence. Lieutenant Paxton also joined the command with the train he had taken to Warren's Station.

April 2, the First Division was heavily engaged, and the train employed in removing the wounded to the hospital which had been established at the Moody house. Lieutenant Paxton followed the division with nine ambulances to the Sullivan house, near the South Side Railroad, and the whole night was employed in carrying wounded of the First Division from the Moody and Sullivan houses to the Boydton plank road.

