
April 3, Lieutenant Chase, with eight ambulances and the hospital train, joined the division at the Sullivan house and followed the troops. Lieutenant Clar, with the remaining thirty-five ambulances and ten of the Third Division loaded with wounded, left the hospital for Warren's Station. The roads being very several animals died on the march from exhaustion.

April 4, the remaining train followed in the rear of the corps, heavily laded with sick.

April 5, the trains followed the corps with sick; no wounded to take up on this day.

April 6, broke camp at daylight, and followed the troops near to Amelia Springs, where they became engaged with the enemy. The trains were immediately ordered to the Springs. The wounded of the First and Third Divisions were brought to the Springs house by the stretcher-bearers until the ambulances to the front on account of the deemed proper to send many ambulances to the front on account of the road being narrow and on each side dense woods, and in case of a retrograde movement of the troops the train would, of course, be in the way; therefore they remained at the Springs house until the troops had advanced some miles, when the First and Third Division were engaged with the enemy. The Second Division being on the extreme right and finding no enemy, the train of the Second Division was not engaged, therefore they were ordered to assist the First and Third Divisions in removing their wounded, which they did. The corps having advanced several miles, it was found that the number of ambulances present was not adequate to the demand, consequently a hospital was established for the Second and Third Divisions at the Vaughan house, which relieved the ambulances and stretchermen very materially. The corps still advanced, and at night encamped near Sailor's Creek. The trains bringing the wounded from Amelia Springs parked near corps headquarters.

On the 7th Lieutenant Clark, of the First Division train, was ordered to proceed with twenty-seven ambulances loaded with wounded to Burkeville Junction. There were also fifteen ambulances of the Second Division sent to Burkeville with wounded of the Third Division, and all of the ambulances but seven of the Third Division were sent to Burkeville with wounded. Upon arriving at High Bridge quite a number of wounded were found belonging to the Second Division. Here nine ambulances were loaded and ordered to join the train which had started for Burkeville about half an hour before; the remainder of the train followed the corps. Upon advancing about a mile beyond the Brooks house the First Division became engaged with the enemy, as also did the Third Division. During the day a hospital was established at the Brooks house and the wounded were speedily removed to the hospital, in consideration of the number of ambulances we had to work with, the greater portion being moved by the stretchermen, who deserve great credit for their courage and endurance, this being the fourth day they had been without rations, which was not the fault of the ambulance officers or the commissary department. The supply train did not have sufficient amount of rations to issue to all detachments; therefore the ambulance corps was left to take care of itself, which it did in a very creditable manner.

April 8, having left quite a number of wounded at the Vaughan house, we were informed that the Ninth Corps ambulances were ordered to assist us in removing them, whereupon Lieutenant Crawley, of the Second Division train, was ordered to High Bridge to meet them and

