
conduct them to the above-mentioned house. Upon his arrival at High Bridge nothing could be found of them, but after running about the country for an hour he succeeded in finding them. In the meantime all the ambulances except eleven of the corps were loaded with the wounded which were at the Brooks house and sent to Burkeville, Lieutenant Clark, First Division, in charge. On this day Lieutenant T. C. Chase, Twenty-sixth Michigan, commanding First Division ambulance train, was relieved from duty with the train on the grounds of incompetency.

On the 9th the hospital train, with eleven ambulances, was ordered to follow in rear of the corps. The march this day was not severe, the trains having scarcely moved out of park before a halt was ordered, it having been announced that General R. E. Lee had surrendered the Army of Northern Virginia to Lieutenant General U. S. Grant.

On the 10th a train was made up and loaded with sick and a few wounded and went to Burkeville. Lieutenant Page, of the Second Division train, took charge, and was ordered to remain at the station until the corps arrived there.

On the 11th took up our line of march toward New Store, the ambulances and hospital train following in rear of the corps.

On the 12th marched from New Store to Farmville, trains following in the same order as the day previous.

The 13th marched from Farmville to Old Burkeville.

On the 14th selected camp for the trains, the blacksmith and carpenters being engaged in repairing the trains, which were very much in need of repairs.

There is nothing of importance to record from the 14th to the 20th, except that the trains are being put in serviceable condition as rapidly as possible, and are now ready for service.

Second Lieutenant James H. Griggs, One hundred and twenty-sixth New York Volunteers, commanding ambulances First Division; Second Lieutenant Clark, First Division; Lieutenant Callanen, One hundred and sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, commanding ambulances Second Division; Lieutenant J. R. Pancoasts, commanding ambulances Third Division; Lieutenant Painter, Third Division, and the stretchermen of the entire command deserve great credit for the untiring energy displayed in the speedy removal of the wounded. The following is a list of casualties and losses during the campaign:*

I am, doctor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. PELTON,

Captain and Chief of Ambulances, Second Army Corps.

Surg. CHARLES PAGE, U. S. Army,

Medical Director, Second Army Corps.

Numbers 25. Reports of Bvt. Major General Nelson A. Miles, U. S. Army, commanding First Division.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,April 20, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this division during the late campaign:

March 29, at 6 a. m. left camp in breast-works near the Squirrel Levell road, crossed Hatcher's run at 8.30, marched toward Gravelly Run on

---------------

*Shows 1 man wounded, 30 horses and mules died, and 1 ambulance abandoned.

---------------

