
in reserve and placed in line to fail the vacancy. It was now found that the enemy, being driven by the Third and fourth Brigades, had retreated to their works and had reformed in them. The works were protected in front by an almost impassable slashing, and it was found impossible to take them with the force available. We were now in possession of the White Oak road, but in order to secure it had been obliged to move so far to the left that our right flank was entirely unprotected, and a movement to the right became necessary in order to connect the lines. I therefore moved the entire division by the right flank until a connection was made with General De Trobriands' brigade, of the Third Division. The Fifth Corps then moved up, connected upon my left, and took possession of the White Oak road. Breast-works were thrown up and the command bivouacked.

April 1, at 3.30 a. m. the command moved back to the position on the Boydton road occupied the previous day by the Third and Fourth Brigades, the left extending toward Gravelly Run bridge. Remained in this position until about 5.30 p. m., when I received orders to advance again and occupy the White Oak road, which was done. Remained in this position until 11 p. m., frequent demonstrations being made upon the enemy's line. At 11 o'clock the division marched, via White Oak road, to the vicinity of Five Forks, and reported for duty to Major-General Sheridan; bivouacked.

April 2, at 7.30 a. m. moved upon the White Oak road to the point left the previous night. The picket-line left here by me the night previous had in the meantime, by orders, fallen back. At 9 a. m. the enemy abandoned his works, and they were immediately occupied by my men. The pursuit of the enemy was at once commenced, and he was followed closely to a point near Sutherland's Station, where he was found in position behind breast-works with artillery. The Second and Third Brigades were immediately ordered to charge the position, and they advanced promptly to the attack, by owing to the natural strength of the position and the difficult nature of the ground intervening the assault was unsuccessful. It was in this attack that Brevet Brigadier-General Madill, commanding Third Brigade, was wounded severely, while gallantly urging his men forward to the enemy's works. At 12.30 p. m. a second assault was made by the Third Brigade, Brevet Brigadier-General MacDougall having been placed in command. The artillery of the division had at this time come up, and being placed in position assisted in the attack by a vigorous shelling of the enemy's line. This attack was also repulsed, the enemy being able to concentrate his force opposite any threatened point. The brigade was withdrawn to its former position-a crest about 800 yards from that occupied by the enemy. I now determined to carry the position by an attack on the enemy's flank. A strong skirmish line was pushed forward upon the extreme right flank of the enemy, overlapping it and threatening the railroad. Indeed, a portion of this skirmish line was on the railroad at 1.10 o'clock. The attention of the enemy being thus diverted from his left flank, the Fourth Brigade (Brevet Brigadier-General Ramsey) was moved rapidly around it through a ravine and wood, and massed in the woods without being discovered by the enemy. At 2.45 p. m. the brigade advanced at double quick, with a hearty cheer and in magnificent order, striking the enemy in flank, and sweeping rapidly down inside the breast-works, capturing a large number of prisoners and putting to precipitous flight the remainder. That portion of the enemy who escaped were driven to the woods near

