
the river, where they were picked up the next morning. Captain Clark's battery (B), First New Jersey Artillery, rendered great assistance in this attack by keeping up a vigorous and well-directed fire upon the enemy. The division captured 600 prisoners, 1 battle-flag, and 2 pieces of artillery. As I was directed by General Sheridan to drive the enemy toward Petersburg, I advanced in that direction by the River and the South Side roads about two miles, when I was met by the Second Division, who were moving on the latter road in the opposite direction. I therefore returned to the vicinity of Sutherland's Station toward evening, disposed my troops so as to hold the railroad, and bivouacked for the night.

April 3, marched from Sutherland's Station, on the River and Namozine roads, to near Winticomack Creek, and bivouacked.

April 4, marched on Namozine road to Deep Creek, and bivouacked at 7 p. m. During the march of this day the Third Brigade was ordered back to assist in bringing up the trains, the roads being in very bad condition.

April 5, at 1 a. m. resumed the march, crossing Deep Creek at 6 a. m., and arrived at Jetersville about 3 p. m. Took up position west of the railroad and on the left of the corps, facing northward, and bivouacked.

April 6, marched northward toward Amelia Court-House at 5.30 a. m., preceded by a skirmish line connecting with the Second Division. When passing to the east of Amelia Springs some scouts discovered the enemy's wagon train, accompanied by a column of infantry, moving rapidly to our left toward Deatonsville. This was at once reported and the direction of the column changed, the artillery at the same time keeping up a hot fire upon the enemy's column and train. Their rear had passed before the division could be got across Flat Creek to attack them, although the Twenty-sixth Michigan Volunteers skirmishers effected a crossing at Amelia Springs in time to become engaged in a spirited skirmish. The pursuit of the enemy was continued all that day,t he troops moving in line of battle, over all kinds of ground, preceded by a long and heavy skirmish line, the line being always to on the right of the road. The skirmishers were almost constantly engaged with the rear guard of the enemy, but the great length of the line enabled us to expel them from all their positions by overlapping their flank. At one position taken up they were successfully charged by the Twenty-sixth Michigan and One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, who captured 100 prisoners. Whenever it appeared probable that the enemy might check us, the skirmish line was re-enforced by a regiment habitually on the right. Proceeding in this manner we advanced rapidly in line about sixteen miles, being often in sight of the wagon train of the enemy, and capturing a great many prisoners. Upon arriving in the vicinity of Sailor's Creek, at about sunset, the enemy were found strongly posted, on a commanding ridge of ground, covering the crossing of the creek, evidently determined to make a fight in order to gain time for the crossing of his train. I gave orders for the First Brigade (Colonel Scott) to take the position. The brigade advanced splendidly, charged with a cheer, and drove the enemy in perfect splendidly, charge with a cheer, and drove the enemy in perfect confusion into and across the creek, capturing 2 guns, 4 colors, his entire train of about 250 wagons, ambulances, &amp;c., together with mules, horses, and all appurtenances, and a large number of prisoners. The Third Brigade (General MacDougall) followed closely on the right of the First, crossed the stream at once, drove the enemy from the other side, and possessed themselves of the crest. The First Brigade then

