
crossed and went into position on the other side also. The Fourth and Second Brigades were moved down to the bank of the creek without crossing, and at 8 p. m. the command bivouacked. The captures by the division on this day were 5 flags, 3 guns, the enemy's train, and several hundred prisoners.

April 7, at 6 a. m. marched from Sailor's Creek to the Appomattox River, at High Bridge. On our arrival at that point the skirmishers of the Second Division had crossed the river, but were being driven rapidly back outward the crossing by a heavy skirmish line of the enemy, which was advancing toward the river. I immediately deployed a strong skirmish line along the bank of the river to keep back that of the enemy and as soon as my artillery could get up directed it to open upon the enemy at once. the order was promptly obeyed, both the batteries (captain Clark's and Captain Dakin's) going quickly into position, and delivering a well-directed fire; the effect was visible immediately int he rapid falling back of the enemy. My division followed the Second across the river at about 9 a. m., and marched to a point near the intersection of the Farmville planed and the old stage roads, where the enemy was found in position behind breast-works. My division was placed in position under a severe fire of artillery from the enemy's works, the skirmish lien being actively engaged. Careful observation induced the belief that we were opposite the extreme left flank of the enemy, and an extended skirmish line was therefore swung forward and to the left with a view to enveloping it. At the same time my division was moved to the right by the flank as far as the main road referred o, and preparations made for an attack. The Third Division kept up the connection by following the movement. the skirmish line swung forward until its truck that of the enemy, when three regiments of the First Brigade (the Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, Fifth New Hampshire, and Second New York Heavy Artillery) were ordered to charge the left of the enemy's line. The charge was gallantly made, but was unsuccessful owing to the difficult nature of the ground, which was broken by numerous small and sharp ravines, over which the men were unable to move in order. While the regiments were falling back the enemy advanced over their works in pursuit, but were quickly driven back. A picket-line was established, the Second Division moved up and extended my line to the right, and the command bivouacked.

April 8, marched at 6 a. m. through the enemy's works (he having abandoned them during the night) to a point near Holliday Creek on the stage road, halting at 4 p. m. At 9 p. m. moved forward again about five miles and bivouacked. The negotiations of this day, by flag of truce, looking to the surrender of the rebel army, were carried on through the skirmish line of this division.

April 9, at 6 a. m. marched as on the day previous, preceded by a skirmish line. After advancing about six miles a flag of truce from the enemy was observed, and the command halted. A suspension of hostilities until 2 p. m. was ordered. At 2 p. m. the order had been given to advance, when I was directed to halt until further orders. Soon afterward the surrender of the rebel army announced.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel C. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps.

