HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,April 10, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to capture by this division of 6 colors and 10 guns, viz: March 31, near White Oak road, 1 color; April 1, near Sutherland's Station, 1 color and 2 guns; April 6, at captured train, 4 colors and 3 guns; April 7, on the march, 1 gun; April 9, near Appomattox Court-House, 3 guns.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel C. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps.

Numbers 26. Report of Colonel George W. Scott, Sixty-first New York Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,April 10, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of operations-part taken by this brigade-during the recent campaign:

The command broke camp in the morning of the 29th of March, marching with the division, via Vaughan road, across and beyond Hatcher's Run, taking position to north of the road and near Gravelly Run, Twenty-sixth Michigan and One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers deployed as skirmishers, the rest of the brigade line of battle connecting on the right with Third Division and on left with Third Brigade, First Division, keeping this connection advanced in line, halting about dark, and bivouacked. On the 30th the brigade advanced in line, the Fifth New Hampshire being advanced as skirmishers, the connections being the same as day before. About noon my skirmishers struck the enemy took refuge within his main work on the run. The One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers and Twenty-sixth Michigan were deployed, relieving the Fifth New Hampshire. These two regiments continually engaged the enemy until dark. Here the command threw up temporary works. 1 a. m. 31st of March the brigade moved by the left flank, taking up position to the west of Boydton road, and relieving a brigade of the Fifth Corps. 10 a. m. the Fifth Corps being heavily engaged with the enemy to our left, the Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers were ordered to advance in our front, and moving to the left soon struck the enemy. The brigade was then advanced in line, being relieved in our old position by De Trobriand's brigade, of the Third Brigade, First Division. After sundry changes of front and position, severe skirmishing with the enemy, and enduring heavy fire from their artillery, the brigade was finally placed in position to the left of the Fourth Brigade, and connecting with Crawford's division, Fifth Corps, near White Oak road. Here the command threw up works.

April 1, daylight, fell back to works on Boydton road, near Gravelly Run, left resting on run, right connecting with Fourth Brigade. 5 p.

