
m., advanced Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers as skirmishers, brigade following in line, connecting on right with Fourth Brigade. Moved forward one mile and a half, reoccupying the works near White Oak road, Twenty-sixth Michigan being here advanced as skirmishers, and heavily engaging the enemy, my picket-line now consisting of the Twenty-sixth Michigan, part of Fifth New Hampshire, and Sixty-first New York Volunteers, while my skirmish line engaged the enemy and repulsed him.

1 a. m. April 2 the rest of the brigade, except the Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, moved, with the division, down the White Oak road (having ascertained that the road was clear of the enemy, by a scouting party from the One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers), and made a junction with the Fifth Corps and cavalry under General Sheridan, the Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers following the division as rear guard. April 2, 6 a. m. returned with the division up the White Oak road to near position occupied the night previous; formed line to west of road, and on left of Fourth Brigade, the Second and Third Brigades being in the advance; soon found that the enemy was evacuating his works and was falling back. The brigade was moved by the flank, passing through the enemy's main works. About 12 m. the One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers and Second New York Artillery were detached as skirmishers, but the enemy being driven from our front by other brigades of the division, this brigade was assembled and moved rapidly forward, and covering the South Side Railroad. 4 p. m., me the advance of the Second Division. 5 p. m., marched with the division and went into bivouac near Southerland's Station, on railroad and on the River road.

April 3, sent Twenty-sixth Michigan out on a scout; they captured 5 commissioned officers and 29 enlisted men.

April 3, 4, and 5, continued to march with the division in pursuit of Lee's army; went into bivouac 6 p. m., near Danville railroad, night of the 5th.

April 6, marched by the flank at daybreak toward Amelia Court-House. 9 a. m., the Twenty-sixth Michigan was detached to cover a road leading from our flank. 10 a. m., brigade formed line, and under cover of our artillery fire advanced rapidly in pursuit of the enemy and their train of wagons, visible in the distance; made connection on the left with Third Division; keeping this connection the brigade made several gallant charges; finally, 5 p. m., when nearing Monkey Run, the brigade made a gallant and successful charge, capturing 4 battle-flags, 2 guns, a large wagon train, and many prisoners; immediately advanced across the run and took up position, facing the enemy, to the left, connecting on the right with the Second Division, Second Corps; bivouacked here for the night.

April 7, moved at daylight with the division, following closely the retreating enemy; crossed the Appomattox at High Bridge, and, moving to the left of the railroad, passed to the north of Farmville, the Fifth New Hampshire being deployed as skirmishers and flankers. We struck the enemy near Cumberland Church, driving in his outpost. The brigade formed line of battle connecting on the left with the Third Brigade. The Twenty-sixth Michigan and One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers were then advanced to our right and front as skirmishers; the Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers, having expended most of their ammunition upon the skirmish line, were now relieved by the Sixty-first New York Volunteers. About 3 p. m. the remainder of

