
the brigade, Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, Second New York Artillery, and six companies Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers were, by direction of the general commanding the division, moved to the right, and here made a most gallant charge upon the enemy's works; but after repeated and persevering assaults we were, owing to the greatly superior force of the enemy, flanked and repulsed, my command at one time being within fifteen paces of the enemy's main works. In this charge we lost many brave officers and men killed and wounded, one color (Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers), and a few men captured; the color was, however, recaptured at the surrender of Lee's army, and is now again int he possession of the regiment. The regiments of the brigade while on the skirmish line at this time suffered severely, the Sixty-first New York Volunteers, the Twenty-sixth Michigan, and the One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers losing heavily, though maintaining their ground until relieved by the Second and Third Divisions. At dark bivouacked near the battle-field.

April 8, the brigade continued the pursuit of the retreating enemy, halting at dark, but almost immediately resumed the march in pursuit. Halting about six miles beyond New Store, on Lynchburg road, bivouacked for the night.

April 9, resumed march in pursuit of the enemy. By direction of the division commander a regiment (Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers) was sent out on either flank to forage upon the country. 11 a. m., the One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, being in advance as skirmishers, came upon the enemy's pickets. The command was here halted and formed in line awaiting negotiation between the two armies, affecting a surrender of the rebel force. 2 p. m., again advanced a short distance, were again halted; here the Sixty-first New York were also deployed as skirmishers, and the Twenty-sixth Michigan as flankers. The Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers now rejoined the column, bringing in about thirty prisoners and a few broken down mules, horses, &amp;c. 4 p. m., news of the surrender of Lee's army was now received. This welcome intelligence was received by the troops amid acclamations of the wildest excitement and most intense joy.

The men who compose this noble old veteran brigade may well be proud of the part taken by them in this well as in each and all of the campaigns of the Army of the Potomac. Our successes have cost us the loss of many good soldiers, officers and men. Prominent among the many brave, we mourn the loss of Captain I. H. Boyd, brigade inspector, killed upon the 7th instant. On the same day were wounded Captains Ricker, Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers, acting aides-de-camp. These two officers were particularly distinguishable at all times for their gallantry in action.

The entire loss of the brigade during this short and decisive campaign will number in all about 650.

5 p. m., assembled the skirmish line, forming a picket-line covering the division front and left flank. Remained in this position during the night.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. SCOTT,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel R. A. BROWN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

