
command of Captain Ricker. By order of General Humphreys the entire skirmish line of the corps was advanced, the rebel skirmishers driven into their works, their position developed, and batteries unmasked. At 4 o'clock in the afternoon the enemy threw a brigade out of their works and charged the left of the division skirmish line without moving it. They also demonstrated in front of the entire division line. During the night the regiment moved to the left with the division, which relieved and occupied the position of Griffin's division, of the Fifth Corps. I took command of the new picket-line of the division, charged the enemy with my reserve (Companies A and E, Sixty-fourth New York), drove the enemy into their works, and captured eighteen prisoners; was relieved by Colonel Denney [Glenny] and assumed command of my regiment at 12 o'clock, and was immediately ordered out to form connection with Third Brigade, and charged the enemy, who had attacked the Fifth Corps. Advanced in line of battle with the brigade; were shelled by the enemy; advanced near their works; lost three men wounded, and after several changes in position threw up breast-works and bivouacked for the night near the White Oak road.

April 1, fell back to the line of breast-works near the Butler house. Six companies were deployed and advanced as skirmishers at 5 p. m. At dark advanced the balance of the regiment in support of the skirmish line, which reached to and rested on the White Oak road, and became engaged with the enemy; lost 3 men wounded, 1 missing. At position occupied by General Sheridan's command at 2 a. m. 2nd instant. Returning from the enemy's works (evacuated), and passing through, pursued them rapidly; engaged their rear guard (Johnson's division) at 12 o'clock. Company H was deployed to prevent stragglers passing to the rear, leaving only two companies of my command with the brigade, the balance having been left on the line in command of the division officer of the day, Colonel Mintzer. By order of General Miles I took command of and advanced the division skirmish line. The enemy being routed we advanced in line of battle to the railroad, the picket detail rejoining the regiment soon after going into camp.

* Chyba polovica strany.

