
ing a portion of the assaulting column, which charged the enemy's works near Cumberland Church, where three brigades of the enemy were posted behind breast-works supplied with artillery. The regimental commander going in command of the entire skirmish line of the brigade, the four companies, with the colors, under command of Captain J. S. Ricker, whose gallantry throughout the day had been very conspicuous, having had two horses shot under him, and refusing to leave the field after being wounded, [sic] two of the companies charged without ammunition and one without bayonets. The colors advanced to within a very short distance of the enemy's works. The enemy, throwing out a strong force upon either flank, the colors, with 52 men and 5 officers, were captured. During the day 110 men and 10 officers were lost.

April 8, pursued the enemy, not being engaged.

April 9, at 10 a. m. the regiment was detailed to forage and scout upon either flank, which was successfully done, returning to camp at 6 p. m.

April 10, remained in camp, Robert Lee having surrendered, and the colors of the Fifth New Hampshire were recaptured from General William Mahone, together with the officers and men captured on the 7th instant.

Throughout this brief but successful campaign, claiming nothing for myself, I can with entire truthfulness and just pride refer to the bearing of this regiment. It has never wavered or hesitated when ordered forward or under fire. Whether advancing in line of battle, on the skirmish line, or charging the enemy who, in overwhelming numbers behind breast-works, awaited their coming with murderous fire, the Fifth New Hampshire has shown most unmistakably that substitutes will fight as well as skedaddle.

The entire loss of the regiment during the campaign is 15 killed, 67 wounded, and 83 missing; total, 165.

Where all have done bravely, distinctions are impossible as well as unjust, yet I cannot close without paying tribute to the lofty courage and cool daring of Lieutenant Warren Ryder, who fell dead while gallantly leading his men within fifteen feet of the enemy's works. I would also respectfully recommend that Captain John S. Ricker, Company C, in consideration of his severe, if not mortal, wounds, and marked and gallant conduct, be brevetted major.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. CRAFTS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain WILLIAM McCALLISTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

*Chyba polovica strany.

