
Run, where we halted and threw up a line of breast-works in our front. Left the works about 3.30 p. m.; formed in line of battle; marched through a dense wood till night-fall, when we again halted and built another line of works, which we held until 5 a. m. March 30, when were made a further advance, under cover of the forest, halting about 9 a. m., when firing being heard on left threw up another line of works. About 1 p. m. the enemy opened their batteries upon and continued a sharp fire of shell and solid shot for about two hours, wounding two privates. Remained int he works till 5 a. m. March 31, when we resumed our march with the division to the relief of the Fifth Corps. At 6 p. m. halted; threw up a new line of works in our front; heavy firing on our right and our left. Remained in the works until 4 a. m. April 1, during which time had seven men wounded skirmishing, when we retired a short distance to the rear, had inspection of arms, and continued our advance in support of the Fifth Corps, throwing out flankers, heavy firing being heard on the right and left. Camped at night-fall at ---. April 2, continued our advance, skirmishing on our right and front. One man wounded on the skirmish line. Crossed South Side Railroad and camped for the night. April 3, continued our march till 6 p. m., when went into camp near Lambeth Church. April 5, 6 a. m. moved in the direction of the Danville railroad, which we struck about 2 p. m. Continued the march to Burke's Station, to the right of which we camped for the night. April 6, continued the advance. About 9 a. m. came in sight of the enemy's wagon train, moving rapidly forward on our left. Pushed on till about 3 p. m., when we came up with the enemy and his train about two miles from Farmville. After a sharp engagement drove them from their position, capturing 2 battle-flags and-prisoners, the brigade taking 180 wagons and a large number of prisoners. Camped here for the night. Casualties of the day, 3 enlisted men killed and 9 wounded. April 7, continued the advance; passed through Farmville; crossed the Danville railroad at High Bridge; met the enemy entrenched in a double line of works. At about 3 p. m. charged with the brigade, and met with a repulse, resulting in a loss of 6 killed, 67 wounded, and 74 missing. Lay in rear of battle-field all night. April 8, passed through the enemy's works, they having quietly left during the night. Continued the advance till 11.30 p. m., when we went into camp. April 9, marched to Clover Hill. Halted while flags of truce were passing to and from the enemy. At 3 p. m. the surrender of General Lee announced. Went into camp for the night.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS R. HUMPHREYS,

Captain, Second New York Artillery, Commanding Regiment.

Captain WILLIAM McCALLISTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 30. Report of Major George W. Schaffer, Sixty-first New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-FIRST Regiment NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,April 10, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following, according to and in compliance with orders received:

This command broke camp at 6 a. m. on the morning of the 29th of March, and marched with the brigade toward the left. At 10.30 a. m.

46 R R-VOL XLVI, PT I

