
formed and advanced with the brigade in line of battle. At about noon the brigade halted, and this command erected temporary breast-works in our front. At 3.30 p. m. advanced forward with the brigade, halted at about dark, erected breast-works, and remained there during the night. On the morning of the 30th advanced, and, with the brigade, charged upon the enemy and drove them from their position; during the remainder of the day in support of the picket-line. At 2 p. m. on the 31st ultimo charged with the brigade upon the enemy, and succeeded in driving them from their works. Participated in all movements of the brigade until dark, when this command fell behind breast-works. Casualties during the day, 1 enlisted men killed, 1 commissioned officer and 14 enlisted men wounded.

On the morning of April moved with the brigade toward the left. At 9.30 charged with the brigade upon the enemy's works, and drove them from their position. At 6 p. m. in support of picket-line. During the night moved to the left and joined the brigade. At 7 a. m. on the morning of the 2nd moved to the right. 11 a. m. passed through the enemy's evacuated work near the South Side Railroad. At about 4.30 p. m. deployed as skirmishers, advanced about 1,000 yards beyond temporary works erected by the enemy, left resting on South Side Railroad. At about 7 p. m. moved to the right, and formed on left of the Second New York Artillery. At 6 a. m. of the 3rd instant moved to the left. This command with the brigade during the day, and also during the 4th and 5th instant. At of the 6th instant moved to the right, leading the brigade. At 9.30 a. m. advanced with the brigade in line of battle; charged with the brigade upon the enemy's wagon train, capturing 1 piece of artillery, 2 battle-flags, upward of 200 wagons, and 140 prisoners. At about 10 p. m. halted with the brigade, regiment resting upon the left. One commissioned officer and 2 enlisted men killed, 7 enlisted men wounded. At 7 a. m. of the 7th instant advanced with the brigade, moving to the left. At about 1.30 p. m. formed with the brigade in line of battle. At 3 p. m. deployed as skirmishers, charged with the brigade upon the enemy, and participated in all movements of the brigade. Relieved from picket duty at 9.30 p. m; moved to and in rear of Third Brigade. Two enlisted men killed and 24 wounded during the day. At 7 a. m. of the 8th moved with the brigade, halting at 7 p. m. At 9.30 advanced with the brigade in pursuit of the enemy, halting at 11.30 p. m; formed line, regiment resting on left of brigade. At about 9 a. m. of the 9th instant moved forward with the brigade. At 10 a. m. regiment deployed as skirmishers, advanced about 200 yards, halted for the space of one hour, then ordered to advance. At about 4 p. m. halted, and regiment rallied and formed in picket-line, which duty his command has been performing up to the present time.

Respectfully submitted.

G. W. SCHAFFER,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain WILLIAM McCALLISTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

