
Numbers 31. Report of Captain William A. F. Stockton, One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 140TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,April 16, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders of this date, I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this regiment during the campaign just ended:

Having received orders, this regiment broke camp on the morning of the 20th ultimo, and marched with the division beyond Hatcher's Run. Here we were deployed as skirmishers, and advanced about two miles and took up a position and remainder on outpost duty during the night.

On the morning of the 30th the lines were advanced, and we engaged the enemy and succeeded in driving them into their works beyond the Boydton plank road and cutting the telegraph communications at this point running south. Early in the morning of the 31st the regiment marched with the brigade and formed a connection with the Fifth Corps. At this locality we marched by the flank until we met the enemy's skirmishers near the Boydton plank road. A charge was made by three regiments of this brigade, of which this regiment was one, and forced the enemy from their alignment in our front, capturing 9 prisoners. On the 1st day of April twenty-five picked men, under Captains Ray and Burns, from this regiment, in pursuance with instructions from Brevet Major-General Miles, were sent to ascertain the exact locality of Gregg's cavalry and from a junction with that division. This was successfully accomplished, and a report forwarded immediately on their return to the general commanding the division. The morning of the 2nd day of April we marched with the division through the enemy's works, and were immediately sent to the front in support of the skirmish line commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Glenny, of the Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers. At or near the South Side Railroad the enemy offered considerable resistance, and this regiment was deployed on the line and relieved the Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers. And advance was ordered, and the men charged the works of the enemy protecting the South Side Railroad, and drove them beyond the railroad one mile, capturing 18 prisoners. The loss of the command in this engagement was 7 wounded, two of whom are considered mortal. the 3rd, 4th, and 5th days of April were occupied in marching on the Namozine road in pursuit of the enemy. We advanced in line of battle on the 6th instant and drove the enemy from their entrenched position, with the capture of 175 prisoners, inclusive of five officers. During the whole day the enemy were forced back and pursued with great energy, which terminated in the capture of the great part of their train and a number of pieces of artillery. The right wing of this regiment was the first troops that advanced to and beyond the train. A strong skirmish line was posted beyond the creek, and remained until the Third Brigade, which was advancing on the right of the division line [sic]. The casualties of this day's engagement in this regiment are 1 commissioned officer killed and 3 enlisted men wounded. the 7th of April we marched toward Lynchburg, and were deployed as skirmishers at or near Farmville. The enemy, under Mahone, being entrenched in a strong position, the skirmish line, consisting of the Twenty-sixth Michigan and the One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers,

