
was checked by a strong line of battle located behind works. The casualties of this engagement were, in this regiment, 1 commissioned officer killed, 3 enlisted men killed, and 1 officer and 25 enlisted men taken prisoners. Our march toward Lynchburg on the 8th was uninterrupted, and we continued the pursuit of the enemy until 12 o'clock at night. On the morning of the 9th, being the Sabbath, we were placed in the advance, and through the skirmish line of this regiment the flag of truce was entertained which terminated in the surrender of the Confederate forces under the command of General Lee.

I am, very respectfully,

W. A. F. STOCKTON,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain McALLISTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 32. Report of Colonel Robert Nugent, Sixty-ninth New York Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,April 15, 1865.

COLONEL: In compliance with circular of the 10th instant from headquarters Second Army Corps, calling for a report of operations of this brigade during the campaign commencing March 28 and ending April 10, 1865, I have the honor to report as follows:

March 29, in obedience to order, broke camp at 6 a. m. and marched to the left. The brigade-consisting of the Twenty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers, Sixty-third, Sixty-ninth, and Eighty-eighth New York Volunteers, at about 8 a. m. were joined by the Fourth New York Heavy Artillery, which had been transferred to this command-continued the march, crossing Hatcher's Run, until 2 p. m., when the line was halted, and line of battle being formed advanced in the direction of the enemy's line until night. Bivouacked.

March 30, resumed the march at 7 a. m., still in line of battle; advanced through the woods about two miles, the enemy falling back as we advanced, portions of the command being employed in corduroying the roads. At 4 p. m. occupied the earth-works in our front, the First and Third Brigades being in the advance; at same time furnished a detail of 450 men, with officers, for fatigue duty, who were reported at corps headquarters; also continued work on the roads through the night.

March 31, at 3 a. m. moved to the left and occupied works built by a portion of the Fifth Corps; slashed timber in our front, under a very heavy fire of artillery, until 1 p. m., when we moved about one mile to our left, connecting with the First and Third Brigades of the division; advanced, driving the enemy into his works. At about 4 p. m. retired about one-fourth of a mile and erected earth-works. At 7 p. m. moved about two miles to the left and rested on arms for the night.

April 2, at 1 a. m. moved farther to the left, about the miles, to the camp of Sheridan's cavalry, arriving there about 4 a. m.; rested until 6 a. m., and marched back upon the White Oak road about two miles, where we formed in line of battle and advanced though the wood, with skirmishers in front, toward the enemy's works. Finding that the enemy

