
had evacuated the works were advanced at a double-quick into the works; reformed line of battle in rear of the works; continuing the pursuit, passing a camp filled with the enemy's wounded, and abandoned by them; overtook the rear guard of the enemy, which we drove before us until about noon, driving them into their works immediately in front of the South Side Railroad, where they made a stand; charged the works in connection with the Third Brigade and, owing to a terrific reformed; charged again, capturing the works and some 150 prisoners, together with 1 battle-flag and 2 pieces of artillery, the prisoners being sent to the rear. The brigade continued the advance, crossing the South Side Railroad, and marched in the direction of the Appomattox as far as Clark's Branch; returned and bivouacked near the railroad, the casualties in the brigade being 1 commissioned officer and 2 enlisted men killed, 6 commissioned officers and 73 enlisted men wounded, and 9 enlisted men missing in action. At this time the fatigue details furnished March 30 rejoined the command.

April 3, resumed the march, and continued in a westerly direction about ten miles, where we bivouacked.

April 4, moved at 7 a. m. in the same direction, advancing about fifteen miles and bivouacking at dusk.

April 5, resumed march at daylight in a westerly direction, crossing the Danville railroad about 2 p. m., and resting upon the right of the Fifth Corps. At this place the brigade furnished a detail of 280 men from the Fourth New York Heavy Artillery as guard to prisoners to City Point.

April 6, resumed march at 6 a. m. in the direction of Amelia Court-House. About 8 a. m. encountered the enemy's rear guard, covering their wagon trains; advanced skirmishers, followed by the brigade in line of battle, the enemy disputing the ground obstinately throughout the day; succeeded in driving them some eight or nine miles and capturing the entire train. Lieutenant Ford, of the Eighty-eighth New York Volunteers, captured a battle-flag this day while on the skirmish line. Casualties this day, 4 enlisted men killed, 13 enlisted men wounded, and 5 enlisted men missing in action. Bivouacked for the night after placing a part of the command on guard over the captured train. Many prisoners and stragglers were also captured, who were immediately sent to the rear.

April 7, continued the march, passing near Farmville and High Bridge; overtook the enemy again about 5 p. m., who had entrenched themselves, and having batteries in position was obliged to pass under a heavy fire of artillery to our position on the right of the First Brigade, where we supported that brigade in its charge, preventing the advance of the enemy. Rested for the night, our skirmish line having been relieved by part of the Second Division, Second Corps.

April 8, finding that the enemy had retreated during the night resumed the march, and marched in westerly direction until 7 a. m., when we halted, resting about two hours, and resumed the march, marching four miles, and bivouacked for the night.

April 9, resumed the march at 7 a. m., and moved about six miles where we halted to await action of conference between the respective commanders. About 4 p. m. bivouacked, awaiting orders.

The total casualties of the campaign have been: Killed, 1 commissioned officer, 11 enlisted men; wounded, 8 commissioned officers, 94 enlisted men; missing in action, 14 enlisted men.*

---------------

*But see revised table, p. 582.

---------------

