
some two miles and halted. At 1 a. m. April 2 moved to left some three miles to join Sheridan's cavalry. At 7 a. m. resumed the march, moving to the right to White Oak road, where we formed line of battle and moved upon the enemy's works, finding them evacuated; continuing the march by the flank two miles and a half, reformed line of battle, and participated with the brigade in three charges upon the enemy's defenses of the South Side Railroad. The losses in this engagement were, 1 commissioned officer killed, 1 commissioned officer and 6 enlisted men wounded, and 2 enlisted men missing in action. Encamped at night near the railroad. At 9 a. m. of 3rd instant resumed the march, moving about ten miles. 4th instant, resumed march at 7 a. m., moving westerly about fifteen miles, camping at dark. Formed line at 1 a. m. 5th instant, but did not move until daylight. Crossing the Appomattox, marched toward the Danville and Richmond Railroad, which we crossed at 1 p. m., and took position on left of line, having marched about twenty miles. Bivouacked for the night behind our arms. 6th, at 6 a. m. resumed march, striking the enemy's rear guard at 7 a. m., when we formed line of battle and engaged them, following them closely all day. Assisted in the capture of the enemy's luggage train. Bivouacked at dark. Loss this day: 1 enlisted man killed on skirmish line, and 1 enlisted man killed by provost guard. April 7, continued the march; crossed High Bridge, and overtook the enemy about 2 p. m.; engaged them until dark. Loss this day: 2 enlisted men missing in action (supposed killed). Resuming the march at 5.30 a. m. of the 8th marched westerly until dusk, when we halted for two hours; continued the march until 11 p. m., when we bivouacked for the night. 9th instant, marched at 7 a. m., moving about five miles, and halted; remained here until the announcement of the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia.

During the operations for the period extending from March 28 to April 10 this command has not taken any prisoners; neither captured nor lost any artillery, battle-flags, or other material.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TERWILLIGER,

Captain, Commanding Sixty-third Regiment New York Volunteers.

Captain W. M. WALL,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 2nd Army Corps.

Numbers 35. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James J. Smith, Sixty-ninth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-NINTH NEW YORK VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,April 14, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular of the 10th instant from headquarters Second Army Corps, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment from the 28th day of March to the 10th day of April, 1865:

March 29, 1865, in obedience to orders received on the evening of March 28, we broke camp at 6 a. m., and, joining the brigade column, marched across Hatcher's Run and halted about noon in rear of the Third Brigade of this division. At 2 p. m. advanced in line of battle in the direction of the enemy's lines until night, when we halted and bivouacked for the night.

