
March 30, 1865, resumed the march in line of battle at 7 a. m., marching through the woods and acting as a second line, covering alternately the First and Third Brigades of our division. About 4 p. m. detailed 200 enlisted men and 6 commissioned officers, who were sent to corps headquarters for special duty. Engaged during the afternoon and night in constructing a corduroy road.

March 31, at 3 a. m. moved to the left about one mile and a half and occupied the earth-works built by the Fifth Army Corps; engaged in slashing timber in our front, under a heavy artillery fire, until about 1 p. m., when we moved to the left and front about one mile in line of battle, connecting on our right with the First, and on the left with the Third Brigade of our division; advanced as far as the slashing in front of and driving the enemy into his works; returned about half a mile; threw up earth-works, and camped for the night.

April 1, 1865, at 3 a. m. got under arms and marched to the right and rear; engaged during the day in building earth-works. At 7 a. m. moved to the left about two miles, and bivouacked for the night. April 2, 1865, about 1 a. m. marched to the left about three miles to the camp of Sheridan's cavalry on the White Oak road, where we camped for the night. At 7 a. m. got under arms and marched back about one mile and a half, where we formed line of battle in the woods facing the enemy's works and received orders that we were to take them by assault; soon after the skirmish line advanced and discovered that the enemy had just left; advanced at a double-quick and was the first regiment to enter the works; formed in line of battle some 400 yards inside of the works and moved after the enemy as far as the creek; crossed and received orders to deploy my regiment as skirmishers; advanced in this order, passing an abandoned rebel camp filled with wounded rebel officers and men, and overtook the enemy's rear guard in a field and wood; drove them before us until sheltered by their works and artillery. Skirmished with the enemy until about 12 m., when we charged with our own and Third Brigade in a direct assault on the enemy's works; were repulsed and returned; reformed the regiment and joined the brigade; charged the second time with the brigade and occupied the works, capturing many prisoners, but sending them to the rear without guard. Advanced in line of battle, crossing the South Side road and marching in the direction of the Appomattox, and afterward Hatcher's Run, as far as Clark's Branch; returning, camped for the night near the South Side Railroad. Casualties: 2 commissioned officers wounded, 1 enlisted man killed, 4 enlisted men wounded. Major Moroney with six commissioned officers and 200 enlisted men rejoined the regiment from special duty, having been away since the 30th of March.

April 3, 1865, about 9 a. m. got under arms and marched westwardly about ten miles; camped for the night.

April 4, 1865, about 7 a. m. moved westwardly about fifteen miles, and went into camp just after dark.

April 5, 1865, formed line and about daylight marched to the west, crossed over the Burkeville and Richmond railroad near Jetersville, and took up position on the left of the Fifth Army Corps; afterward were marched to the rear as a reserve.

April 6, 1865, about 6 a. m. got under arms and marched toward Amelia Court-House, this regiment leading the division. Soon after leaving the earth-works seven companies of the regiment were thrown out as skirmishers. I had the honor to be placed in command of the skirmish line. After advancing about two miles I discovered the

