
March 17.-The Eighteenth New Hampshire Volunteers ordered to report to commanding officer Ninth Corps, to be consolidated with another regiment from the same State. The First Maine Sharpshooters ordered to the Fifth Corps, to be consolidated with another regiment from same State. The Sixty-first Massachusetts Volunteers ordered to report to General Collis, commanding post. General Benahm to hold the outer defenses City Point with the Fifteenth Engineers.

March 18.-The Sixty-first Massachusetts Volunteers relieved from picket duty on Bailey's Creek by the Fifteenth Engineers, and moved camp to City Point.

March 24.-Captain Lubey, with Company C, Fifteenth Engineers, arrived at City Point from Deep Bottom, having been relieved from duty with pontoon bridges on the James River.

March 25.-Captain Dibbell, Fifteenth Engineers, with his company, ordered to the fortifications from this camp. The troops ordered out to meet an anticipated attack from the enemy. Captain Farr, assistant quartermaster, reported for duty. Captain T. Lubey, Fifteenth Engineers, with his company and a raft of twenty-four boats, started, via river, at 11 p. m., for the purpose of laying a bridge across the James River at Deep Bottom, below Four-Mile Creek.

March 26.-Captain Lubey completed his bridge across the James at 6.30 a. m. At 6 p. m. General Sheridan's command had cross to the south side of the river.

March 27.-Captain Lubey, with his company and brigade, returned to City Point at 3 p. m.

March 29.-At 10 p. m. the whole command, including the four regiments of General Collins' brigade, ordered to the defenses of City Point at 3 p. m.

March 29.-At 10 p. m. the whole command, including the four regiments of General Collis' brigade, ordered to the defense of City Point to meet an expected emergency.

March 30.-Troops returned to camp at daylight.

April 1.-Engineer Brigade in camp at City Point, Va.

April 2.-Moved the command, composed of the Fifteenth New York Engineers, Sixty-first Massachusetts, Sixty-eighth and One hundred and fourteenth Pennsylvania, and Twentieth [Eightieth] New York Volunteers, and dismounted cavalry, and reported to General Parke, commanding Ninth Corps, the brigade of infantry being ordered up under Colonel Tippin, Sixty-eighth Pennsylvania, as General Collis could not be found. Reached Fort Rice between 1 and 2 p. m., and all but the Fifteenth New York Engineers were almost immediately ordered to charge the enemy's works, which they did at the most critical moment, thereby saving the works of the enemy from recapture.

May 1.-The brigade having completed its duties at Roanoke Station in repairing the Richmond and Danville Railroad bridge across the Staunton River, Borke camp and moved toward Manchester. Marched to Keysville and bivouacked for the night.

May 2.-Reached Burkeville Junction this p. m.

May 3.-Troops sent via Amelia Court-House, and general commanding took the cars for City Point, with a detachment of the Fiftieth, to ship the engineer material at that place to Washington.

May 5.-Troops reached Manchester; passed in review through Richmond. Troops ordered to march overland to Alexandria, under command of Colonel Brainerd. The general commanding went to

Washington, by may of City Point, to complete the arrangements for shipping pontoon and siege material.

May 7.-Headquarters of the brigade reached Washington.

May 12.-The Fifteenth Regiment reached Alexandria.

