
enemy's column and baggage train moving on a road on our left toward Burkeville, and about a mile and a half distant. I immediately halted the line and sent information to the major-general commanding the division. About 10 a. m. received orders to advance the skirmish line across the run and follow up the enemy's column; advanced the line across the run and reached the road on which he had just passed; met with no opposition on the right of the line; then wheeled in line to the left facing a fence and woods in which the enemy's rear guard made a bold stand. Charged and drove them out; met with great opposition from the enemy's rear guard, and also their cavalry, at every yard of the road. About 4 p. m. the One hundred and eleventh New York Volunteers were sent up and relieved the Eighty-eighth New York Volunteers, and also the Fourth New York Heavy Artillery; remained with the skirmish line until dusk, when the division was placed in line of battle. I then collected what men I could find belonging to the Eighty-eighth New York Volunteers, and also to my own regiment, to the number of about seventy-five, and was trying to find the brigade when I was met by Major-General Miles, commanding division, at the captured wagon train of the enemy, and was by him placed in charge of said train. During the day we had casualties on the skirmish line as follows: Commissioned officer wounded, 1; enlisted men killed, 2; enlisted men wounded, 6.

April 7, 1865, the three companies with the colors, under command of Captain R. H. Milliken, marched with the brigade, crossing the Appomattox River under High Bridge, and marched as far as Farmville, where the enemy were met in force at about 5 p. m. This portion of the regiment became engaged with the enemy on the right of the First Brigade, the engagement lasting about half an hour, and the loss of the regiment was 4 enlisted men wounded. About 6 a. m. I was informed by Captain Black, aide-de-camp, First Division, that I would be relieved of duty as guard to the captured train by a small regiment from the Fourth Brigade of this division. About an hour afterward, no regiment making its appearance to relieve me, I saw Colonel Batchelder, chief quartermaster Army of the Potomac, riding through the train, and I informed him of my duties, and also mentioned that I expected to have been relieved early that morning, but no regiment had reported to relieve me. He said that he would see General Meade about it, and soon after returned to me with orders for me, from General Meade, to remove all the ammunition from the wagons, harness up the mules to ambulances, and send as many as possible of them to the front and turn them over to the Second Corps; also after the column and trains had passed to burn all the wagons, ambulances, caissons, limbers, &amp;c., and explode the ammunition that could not be brought away. Soon after receiving these orders Captain Lane, of the Sixty-sixth New York Volunteers, reported to me to take charge of the captured train. Believing that it was my duty to have the orders I received from General Meade, through Colonel Batchelder, effectually carried out, I deemed it my duty to remain until it was accomplished, and when the troops and train had all passed sent about fifty ambulances forward on the road, in charge of Captain Lane, and then burned the train and ammunition, consisting of 203 army wagons, 63 ambulances, 3 caissons and limbers, about 230,000 rounds of small-arm ammunition, and about 450 shell, canister, &c.; also on the road 8 wagons, 4 ambulances, 3 limbers and caissons, and 60 rounds of 12-pounder shell fuses and friction primes, and joined the brigade same evening, near Farmville.

