
April 8, 1865, about 5 a. m. marched westerly until about 7 p. m., when we camped. About 11 p. m. got under arms and marched to the front about four miles, where we camped for the night.

April 9, 1865, marched out at about 7 a. m., moved about six miles, halting at different times until about 2 p. m., when we were drawn up alongside of the road, and soon afterward received the joyful news of the surrender to the United States forces of the troops of the so-called Confederate States, comprising their Army of Northern Virginia.

During the operations from March 28 to April 10, 1865, this regiment has taken a number of prisoners and sent them to the rear also has neither taken nor lost in action flags or other material.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, captain, your obedient servant,

JAMES J. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Sixty-ninth New York Veteran Vols.

Captain M. W. WALL,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 2nd Army Corps.

Numbers 36. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Denis F. Burke, Eighty-eighth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-EIGHTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,April 11, 1865.

In compliance with orders, I have the honor to forward the following report of operations from the 28th ultimo the date:

March 28, were encamped near Hatcher's Run, under orders to move. 29th, moved at 6 a. m. down the Vaughan road and crossed Hatcher's Run; marched about ten miles and rested for the night. On the 30th advanced in line of battle, through woods, about two miles; were employed in building corduroy roads, and furnished detail of one captain, one lieutenant, four sergeants, six corporals, and fifty privates for fatigue duty. On the 31st advanced at 3 a. m. to the rear of the Fifth Corps, and relieved them at daylight; lay in the works until 10 a. m., when we moved to the left, where the division engaged the enemy; were ordered to advance and charge the enemy's works, but the order being countermanded we fell back and built breast-works, where we remained until the following morning at 2 a. m. April 1, moved to the rear and occupied the works. At 10 a. m. advanced and built a new line of works; remained until evening, when we moved to the left to support pickets; remained until 2 a. m. next morning (2nd); moved along the White Oak road and formed line across the road, and advanced through the woods until within a few hundred yards of the enemy's works; finding the enemy [had] left we advanced double-quick in pursuit of them, having skirmishers in our front all morning; marched through to South Side Railroad, where we found the enemy entrenched; charged their line of works, were repulsed, reformed and charged again, and succeeded in capturing them, with many prisoners; continued our advance across the South Side Railroad, through woods along River road about six miles, and returned and encamped near South Side Railroad for the night. April 3, 10 a. m. marched in pursuit about fifteen miles and halted. 4th, continued our march until night and halted. 5th, marched on and connected with Fifth Corps, and out about one

