
mile threw up works and halted. 6th, moved forward about two miles, when we came in sight of the enemy's wagon train; rested on a hill while our batteries were shelling them; fell in and marched about half a mile, crossing the Appomattox River and formed line on the other side; advanced along the road on which the enemy's train was moving; when within a short distance of them were ordered to the right to a point where part of the skirmish line of the First and Third Division were held at bay, and was directed by Major Church, First Division staff, to capturing many prisoners and one battle-flag. This flag was captured by Lieutenant George W. Ford, Eighty-eighth New York Volunteers, who on this occasion, as well as through the whole campaign, acted with great gallantry. Here we were detailed, by order of General Miles, to burn the wagons and destroy their contents. 8th, rejoined the brigade and continued the pursuit, marching about fifteen miles. 9th, continued the pursuit up to near Clover Hill, where we halted, the enemy having surrendered.

Our casualties during the campaign were 4 enlisted men wounded.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

DENIS F. BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Eighty-eighth New York Volunteers.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, SECOND BRIGADE.

Numbers 37. Report of Major Seaward F. Gould, Fourth New York Heavy Artillery.

History of the operations of the Fourth New York Artillery from March 28, 1865, to April 10, 1865:

On the 28th of March, 1865, 9 p. m., orders were received to pack up and be ready to move at a moment's notice. On the marching of the 29th, at 6 o'clock, we left camp and marched toward Hatcher's Run. About 8 a. m. we were transferred to the Second Brigade, First Division, Second Army Corps, Colonel robert Nugent commanding. About 10 p. m. we formed a line of battle and rested all night. On the morning of the 30th, about 6 a. m., we advanced in line of battle through the woods and across a swamp. After we crossed the swamp we formed a line of battle on the Boydton plank road; there we heard heavy skirmishing in front of us. We stacked arms and laid a corduroy road. About 4 p. m. we received orders to advance and occupy the breast-works in front of us, at the same time supporting Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery. About 5 p. m. a detachment of 400 men were sent on picket. At 7 p. m. orders were received to advance half a mile and relieve the Third Division, Fifth Army Corps. We remained there under arms until 6 a. m. of the morning of the 31st of March, 1865. About 7 a. m. we occupied the works, when the enemy opened a heavy artillery fire on us, which lasted about two hours; the ground lost by the Third Division, Fifth Army Corps, was retaken by the Second Brigade, First Division, Second Army Corps; we had 1 officer (Major D. F. Hamlink) and 5 privates wounded. About sundown threw out a line of skirmishers, and fell back fifty rods and threw up a line of works and remained there until 4 a. m. of the morning of the 1st of April; we fell back to the Boydton plank road and remained there for three hours, when orders were received to move to the left, on the Boydton

