
plank road, to re-enforce the Second Division of the Fifth Army Corps, and remained there until 6 a. m. of the 2nd of April, when we marched back on the same road about three miles, and at 9 a. m. occupied the enemy's breast-works, which they had evacuated. We then pursued the enemy for about two miles, when we overtook them and gave them battle. About 3 p. m. we charged on the enemy and were repulsed; reformed about 3.45 p. m. and charged again, and took their works and a large number of prisoners. In the first charge the regiment lost 97 killed, wounded, and missing. Two men of Company A, named, respectively, James C. Bogan and David A. Winans, captured 2 pieces of artillery and turned them at the enemy, and at the same time over 150 of the enemy surrendered, but we advanced and left them in the rear; at the same time Private Frank Denio, of Company M, captured one of the enemy's battle-flags. We then pursued the enemy for about three miles in the direction of Petersburg, when we received orders to return and camp by the railroad for the night. At 6 a. m. of the 3rd of April we started again and marched fourteen miles and camped for the night.

About 6 a. m. of the 4th of April we started and passed the Fifth Army Corps and camped for the night. Advanced next morning, 5th of April, about two miles, and overtook the enemy's rear guard and wagon train near Amelia Springs. The regiment was then sent out as skirmishers, and engaged the enemy. We drove the enemy about five miles that day, taking a large number of prisoners and losing about eighteen wounded. The regiment having been relieved from the skirmish line rejoined the brigade at 10 a. m. of the 6th of April. We engaged the enemy again on the 7th of April, near Burkeville, and drove the enemy across the Appomattox River, capturing their works and a number of pieces of artillery and quite a number of prisoners. We camped for the night near Farmville. Engaged the enemy on the morning of the 8th of April five miles from Buckingham Court-House, drove them out of their works, when we were relieved by the Sixth Army Corps. We marched all that day and camped for the night about twelve miles from Buckingham Court-House. On the morning of the 9th of April we marched two miles, when we received the news that General Robert Lee, of the so-called C. S. Army, had surrendered his whole army to Lieutenant General U. S. Grant.

S. F. GOULD,

Major, Commanding Fourth New York Artillery.

Numbers 38. Report of Bvt. Brigadier General Clinton D. MacDougall, One hundred and eleventh New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,April 15, 1865.

COLONEL: In compliance with instructions, I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this brigade in the campaign beginning the 29th of March and ending the 9th of April:

On March 29, at 6 a. m., the brigade, under command of Bvt. Brigadier General H. J. Madill, left camp and marched across Hatcher's Run. The brigade took its place in line of battle formed by the First Division, sending the One hundred and twenty-sixth Regiment out as skirmishers, and constructed temporary breast-works. During the afternoon

