
the brigade advanced in line of battle to different position without meeting the enemy, halted at dark, threw up breast-works, and bivouacked for the night.

March 30, the advance in line of battle was resumed. At about 11 o'clock the skirmish line of the One hundred and twenty-sixth Regiment was relieved by a detail from the One hundred and eleventh Regiment. At noon our skirmishers met those of the enemy and drove them across the Boydton plank road. The line of battle advanced beyond the road, halted in view of the enemy's main works, constructed breast-works, and bivouacked for the night.

March 31, at 4 a. m. the brigade moved by the left flanks, following the Fourth Brigade, and took position in a line of breast-works, with the right on the Boydton plan road, which works were occupied the day before by the Fifth Corps. At 11 a. m. a detail of 100 men from the Seventh Regiment and Thirty-ninth Regiment were sent out as skirmishers. At noon the brigade advanced in line of battle, found the enemy posted on the crest of a hill, charged on him and drove him in great confusion from his position. The brigade charged with the greatest enthusiasm, driving the enemy rapidly back from point to point, capturing one battle-flag and many prisoners. At night breast-works were thrown up.

April 1, before daylight the brigade moved back to the same position occupied the previous day; before being ordered to charge threw forward the right wing almost in a right angle to the former line. At sundown the brigade marched back to the same position held the night before, and took part in the movement to the left. At 11 o'clock the One hundred and eleventh Regiment was ordered by Brevet Major General Miles to reconnoiter the enemy's works and, if possible, to carry them by assault. After a careful examination, having fully developed the enemy's position with a skirmish line, the Third Division, on the right of the brigade, co-operating, the result of an attack appearing doubtful, the regiment was withdrawn. The brigade continued the march toward the left until 4 a. m., then made a short rest.

April 2, at about 7 a. m. the brigade marched about three miles back in the same direction from which it came the night before, formed, at 8.30, in line of battle, and advanced toward the enemy's works, throwing out the One hundred and eleventh Regiment as skirmishers. After a severe skirmish, in which the enemy used artillery very freely, they abandoned their works, and fell back before our skirmishers, and at 9.30 the battle-flag of the Third Brigade waved as the first flag over the rebel works. The march toward the South Side Railroad was then continued, driving the enemy's rear guard across Hatcher's Run, causing them to burn caissons and baggage in their flight. At about 12 o'clock the enemy was found, strongly entrenched, having six pieces of artillery in position; the brigade, in connection with the Second Brigade, taking position on the left, charged, but was repulsed with a very heavy loss, General Madill himself being severely wounded. Brevet Major-General Miles, commanding division, assigned me to the command of the brigade. A second charge was made with the same result as the first. In this charge I received myself a severe flesh wound in the right arm. I then received orders to withdraw the brigade. At about 4 p. m. a third charge was made, and this time, with the assistance of a well-directed fire from Captain Clark's (First New Jersey) battery, the enemy was driven back, his works and the South Side Railroad held by us. The brigade advanced about one mile over the railroad and then went into camp for the night.

