
April 3, the brigade, having the lead of the First Division, marched in pursuit of the enemy from 8 a. m. until 8 p. m.; was engaged during this day's march to repair the road.

April 4, at 6 o'clock in the morning the brigade left the bivouac, advanced with the division about three miles, was then ordered back to repair the roads and to bring forward the supply train of the Second and Fifth Army Corps and the Cavalry corps. the brigade was at work until late in the night.

April 5, at 2 o'clock in the morning the brigade started and, after having succeeded in bringing up the different trains, marched twenty miles and reached the division, then in position near Jetersville, at 9 p. m.

April 6, the brigade took part in the several attacks made by the First Division on the enemy's rear guard. The Seventh Regiment was sent in the morning for the protection of the artillery. About 2 p. m. the One hundred and eleventh Regiment was thrown out as skirmishers, covering the front of the division, and drove the enemy constantly before them, routing him frequently from strongly entrenched positions. At 5 o'clock the brigade charged, under a very heavy fire of artillery and musketry, on a battery which the enemy had in position on the other side of a small stream, well supported by cavalry and infantry, protecting a train of about 140 wagons, and two pieces of artillery in the valley below; drove the enemy back and captured the whole train and artillery; the First Brigade having at the same time captured the upper end and left flank of the same train, containing still a large number of wagons. The brigade then crossed the run and bivouacked for the night, being the first brigade of the division across.

April 7, the brigade advanced at 6 a. m., came at about 10 o'clock in view of High Bridge, where the enemy was strongly fortified. The Thirty-ninth and Fifty-second Regiments ere deployed as skirmishers along the bank of the river, and assisted the crossing of the Second Division. After a short resistance the enemy was driven back, and the brigade crossed the river and resumed the march toward Farmville. At 5 p. m. the enemy was found in a strong position; the brigade formed line of battle under a heavy artillery fire, moved then in different positions on the left flank of the enemy, and finely supported the charge of the First Brigade. At dark breast-works were thrown up and the brigade bivouacked in line of battle. The Fifty-second Regiment was sent out as pickets.

April 8, early in the morning it was discovered that the enemy had left the position. The brigade was ordered at 6.30 a. m. to advance, being the leading brigade of the division. The One hundred and twenty-fifth Regiment and One hundred and twenty-sixth Regiment and a part of the One hundred and eleventh Regiment were sent out as skirmishers. About two miles beyond New Store the brigade arrived at sunset, and rested for two hours, then resumed the march and advanced still three miles, from line of battle and rested during the night.

April 9, at 7 o'clock the brigade marched, continuing the advance until about 2 p. m., halted until about sundown, when (Major-General Meade having established his headquarters just opposite and within two rods of our right flank) it was announced from army headquarters that General Lee had surrendered the Army of Northern Virginia. The Third Brigade, being in this position, were the first in the corps cheer after cheer rent the air. Major-General Meade along the lines and was greeted with the wildest enthusiasm.

