
On the morning of April 2, we advanced toward South Side Railroad; we march in line of battle, forty men of the regiment acting as flankers on our left. At 9 o'clock reach the enemy's breast-works, when our flankers were employed as skirmishers in the front; found the breast-works abandoned. Advance about four miles, till near South Side Railroad, and attacked the enemy in his strong entrenchments. The first charge was made almost exclusively by this brigade, but being vastly inferior in numbers we had to retreat with heavy loss. Some artillery came to our assistance. A second charge, in which the regiment took the lead, was likewise unsuccessful. At a third charge, assisted by Colonel Nugent's brigade, we dislodged the enemy, and encamped near South Side Railroad for the night, after having given a guard of forty men to watch the prisoners. Our loss on this day consisted in 1 major and 4 line officers wounded, 14 men killed, 40 men wounded, 1 lieutenant and 27 men missing.

On the morning of April 3 the regiment detailed a lieutenant and twenty-five men as guard for the ammunition train, and at 10 a. m. begins its march toward Danville railroad.

On the 4th, in the morning, resumes its march, but after having made six miles it is ordered to return about five miles for the sake of mending the almost impassable roads.

On the 5th the regiment advances again in order to join the division, which it reaches late in the evening at Danville railroad.

On the 6th the regiment is detailed to cover Clark's and Dakin's batteries, who succeed in capturing part of the enemy's train, at which occasion the battle-flag of the First South Carolina Regiment falls as a trophy into our hands. In the night we received the order to rejoin the brigade.

On the 7th, at about 6 o'clock, we march toward Lynchburg, crossed the railroad near Farmville, and at about 11 o'clock meet the enemy in the woods, where we find us heavily shelled, losing seven men by one shell. The regiment details 100 men as skirmishers, who lose 1 officer, slightly wounded, and 8 men killed and wounded. After this detail has been recalled the Fifth New Hampshire Regiment was repulsed by the enemy, and another picket detail required of us. It was this detail which had our flag of truce, and the enemy's passing through.

On the 8th, a. m., the enemy had left his position in our front, and we march in pursuit as far as New Store. After a short halt the regiment advances in skirmish line; some little firing takes place, when the brigade joins us. At 11 p. m. the regiment advances about five miles farther.

On the 9th, in the morning, the regiment resumes its march till about 10 a. m., when General Meade is seen passing by. Another advance of about one mile, and the regiment goes into camp amidst a cloud of rumors concerning peace conferences, surrendering of armies, &amp;c.

On the 11th the regiment begins its march toward Richmond, and after long and tiresome marches, in which this regiment distinguished itself by being almost entirely without stragglers, we reach Burkeville, where we are in camp now.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

A. POKORNY,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Seventh Regiment New York Volunteers.

Captain H. DODT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

47 R R-VOL XLVI, PT I

