
vance. I would call attention to the conduct of First Lieutenant Baron W. Briggs and Second Lieuts. Charles Menzler, and Allen M. Baker, who succeeded in establishing this line under great difficulty, on account of the exhaustion of the men, &amp;c. A second charge was ordered, this time supported by artillery, but we did not succeed in breaking the enemy's line. As most of my regiment was on the skirmish line the few men I had could do very little. My colors, however, were as far in advance as any in the brigade. Line was again formed on edge of woods, and presently the enemy was observed leaving in confusion, having been flanked in their position by the Second Brigade. We now advanced across the railroad, and my regiment, with others, was advanced for the purpose of completing the connection on the skirmish line. Afterward rejoined the brigade and bivouacked for the night. At 6 a. m. on the morning of the 3rd we moved forward, meeting no opposition, and marched until 9 p. m., when we bivouacked for the night. On the 4th started at 6 p. m., moved forward three miles, when we were ordered back to meet trains and repair roads; worked until 10 p. m., and then bivouacked. At 5 a. m. morning of the 5th resumed the march, meeting the division at 9 p. m. at Jetersville and bivouacked.

On the morning of the 6th moved forward about one mile, when we met Lee's rear guard, and skirmished and fought all day, driving the enemy, and at 5 p. m. participated in the capture of a part of a wagon train. Crossed Monkey Run and bivouacked for the night. At 6 a. m. morning of the 7th moved forward to High Bridge, drove the enemy from their works and across the river, and continued the pursuit to within half a mile of Farmville. Moved to the right of Farmville and erected works, subjected to heavy artillery fire. Bivouacked for the night. Enemy in strong force in our front.

Early on the morning of the 8th it was discovered that the enemy had abandoned his position, and we immediately started in pursuit, marching without opposition until 6 p. m., when we bivouacked. At 9 p. m. again moved forward about three miles. At 6 a. m. on the morning of the 9th moved forward about three miles, when we halted, awaiting the result of a flag of truce. At 4 p. m. the surrender of Lee was announced.

Respectfully submitted.

J. McE. HYDE,

Major, Commanding Thirty-ninth New York Veteran Volunteers.

Captain H. DODT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 41. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry M. Karples, Fifty-second New York Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTY-SECOND Regiment NEW YORK VETERAN VOLS.,April 16, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit report of operations.

This regiment, in accordance with orders, after being relieved from picket by troops of the Twenty-fourth Army Corps, left its encampment in front of Petersburg March 29, 1865, 10 a. m., and joined the brigade on the south side of Hatcher's Run at 2 p. m. the same day. The brigade was in line of battle and threw up breast-works. About 5 p. m. orders to advance were received. The regiment advanced in line

