
May 16.-Headquarters of the brigade moved to near Fort Berry, Va.

May 21.-The Fiftieth Regiment arrived, having been delayed in constructing the necessary bridges on the route.

May 25.-Participated in the grand review through Washington.

Remained in camp at Fort Berry, Va. (about four miles from Washington), the remainder of the month, making preparations for the muster-out of a portion of the volunteer troops. The engineer trains and pontoon property were turned in to the proper department at Washington.

June 4.-Received special orders to muster out all the volunteer troops in the Engineers Brigade.

Siege Train.

Captain B. P. Learned returned from absence with leave on April 5, and joined company on the 6th.

Captain J. M. Twiss absent on thirty days' leave since April 17, Special Orders, Numbers 97, headquarters Department of Virginia, April 10.

Upon the movement of the Army of the Potomac six companies of the First Connecticut Artillery were assigned to the command of Major-

General Parke, commanding Ninth Corps, and were engaged in the action of April 2 before Petersburg.

Since the capture of Richmond and Petersburg the entire command has been engaged in shipping the siege train and dismantling the rebel works before Richmond and Petersburg.

SECOND ARMY CORPS.

January.-No changes in the disposition of the troops of this command during the month.

February 5.-7 a. m., the Second and Third Divisions, with Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery,. and the Tenth Massachusetts Battery, advanced to the crossing of Hatcher's run, on the Vaughan road, and ant Armstrong's Mill. The enemy in small force were driven across the run at 9.30 a.m. by the skirmishers of the First Brigade, Third Division. The First and Second Brigades, Third Division, took position on the south side of the run, while the Third Brigade took position in the vicinity of the tucker house, [near] the Vaughan road; the Second Division was posted with its left on the run and the right near Armstrong's Mill. At 5.15 p. m. the enemy in strong force attacked the right at Smyth's division and the left of Mcallister's (Third) brigade, Third Division, and were finally repulsed, the action having been continued until after 7 p. m. Fourth Brigade, First Division, was formed in line at 4.30 p. m., near the Tucker house, to relieve McAllister's right, the First, Second, and Third Brigades of First Division remaining in charge of the old line of entrenchments.

February 6.-Reconnaissances were sent out by the Third Division without finding any forces except the enemy's pickets, who were driven inside their main line of works. At the same time all three divisions of the corps were held in readiness to attack the enemy if found outside his works.

February 11.-The Second Division was assigned a position on the new line of works along Hatcher's Run, which position the corps now [

February 28] holds, with headquarters near the site of the Wilkinson house.

