
of battle with the brigade, second in line, about a mile and a half, through a densely wooded and swampy country, and halted about 8 p. m. in line of battle on the left of the First Brigade and threw up breast-works. March 30, at daybreak the regiment moved forward with the brigade about half a mile, halted and threw up breast-works; advanced again about a quarter of a mile and again built breast-works; halted on a road until the morning of March 31, when we moved by the when we moved by the left flank about two miles, troops of the Third Division relieving us, and took position on the Boydton road, relieving troops of the Fifth Army Corps. The command remained in this position until about 2 p. m., when it advanced in line with the brigade, over the works and through the woods, about one mile, where it met the enemy, who occupied a crest of hills in our front. A charge was ordered, and the enemy driven from his position. The regiment lost 3 commissioned officers killed, 2 commissioned officers wounded, 6 enlisted men killed, 30 enlisted men wounded, and 5 enlisted men missing. it then moved by the left flank, and again by the right flank about one mile, and to the rear about one mile, where we bivouacked for the night.

April 1, at 4 a. m. the command returned to its position on the Boydton road, somewhat to the right of the one occupied in the morning, and remained there until 9 a. m., when it threw up a line of works at right angles with the Boydton road. it moved from this position at about 5 p. m., and reoccupied our old position of the same morning at about 9 p. m., gradually extending the lines to the left about one mile, remaining stationary about two hours, when we moved along the works by the left flank until we struck the White Oak road, and joined General Sheridan about 4 a. m. April 2. The command moved down the road at 6 a. m., formed in line of battle in front of the enemy's works, advancing over them in line of battle to the left, toward the South Side Railroad, about two miles, until we struck the enemy. A charge was made, but repulsed by the enemy. The troops were reformed on the crest of a hill opposite their old position and slight breast-works thrown up. My horse was shot under me in this charge and I received a painful contusion on the right foot,k which compelled me temporarily to place Major Ritzius in command of the regiment. A second charge being subsequently made, was again repulsed. The position was upon a third advance taken. The command lost-commissioned officer slightly wounded, 1; enlisted men killed, 3; enlisted men wounded, 18; enlisted men missing, 12. The regiment advanced over the South Side Railroad and bivouacked for the night, remaining until about 11 a. m. April 3, when we moved forward by the left flank, the brigade being rear guard, and ordered back to repair roads, resuming our march at daybreak April 4 to rejoin the division, which we did at about 10 p. m. the same day, bivouacking for the night. April 5, we resumed our march at 9 a. m., on the Lynchburg road, and formed line of battle with the brigade in reserve. At about 4 p. m. we moved into the front line on the right of the First Brigade, charging the enemy and advancing over Sailor's Creek. I was ordered to advance my regiment as skirmishers to the crest of the hill, where I remained until relieved, when I rejoined the brigade and went into bivouac.

April 6, the regiment moved forward at 6 a. m. on the road until it reached the Appomattox at High Bridge. I was ordered to the right to effect a crossing, if possible, but found the river too deep, and was ordered back to the brigade, which resumed its march, crossing the river, the enemy having been driven. I was then ordered to advance a skirmish line, consisting of my regiment and Thirty-ninth New York Vol-

