
unteers, to connect with the Second Division, covering the flank of the Third Brigade, and subsequently ordered to rejoin the brigade. The command then advanced in line of battle, under the enemy's artillery fire, changing position several times, until we formed on the left of the Lynchburg road. I was then ordered out with my command and a detail from the Seventh New York Volunteers to relieve the Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers on the picket-line that night. I found the enemy's position evacuated about 2 a. m., and at daybreak April 7 advanced my line about two miles, when I was relieved and rejoined the brigade, with which the regiment advanced in column, nothing of interest taking place until April 9, when General Lee surrendered his army.

The officers and men did their duty fully, under all hardships and privations.

Respectfully submitted.

HENRY M. KARPLES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain H. DODT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 42. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Lewis W. Husk, One hundred and eleventh New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 111TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,April 14, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this command in the campaign commencing March 29, 1865:

At 6 a. m. of March 29 the regiment broke camp, and with the brigade moved in the direction of Hatcher's Run, which was crossed before noon, and from thence moved some three miles to the west, where we halted and constructed temporary breast-works. During the afternoon the regiment advanced with the brigade in line of battle toward the enemy, meeting no opposition, and halting for the night in a thick wood. In the morning (March 30) advance in line of battle was continued. Two line of breast-works were built and abandoned for a farther advance, as our skirmishers compelled the enemy to retire. In the afternoon we reached an old line of works within easy range of the enemy's batteries. Here a considerable action took place, in which a portion of the regiment, under Lieutenant J. P. Fishback, was engaged, with a loss of two men wounded. On the morning of the 31st we moved about a mile to the left, occupying works built by the Fifth Corps, and just before noon the division advanced in line of battle to check the enemy, who were pressing back the Second and Third Divisions of the Fifth Corps. The enemy were strongly posted on the crest of a hill, behind hastily constructed works, and to dislodge them the whole line was ordered to charge. This regiment advanced with the greatest enthusiasm, gallantly carrying the enemy's works, completely routing them and capturing 1 stand of colors and over 100 prisoners. A detail from the regiment, under Lieutenant E. W. Hoff, were engaged as skirmishers during most of the day, and performed their duty admirably, driving the enemy to the shelter of their fortifications and capturing some

