
prisoners. A new line of works was erected about a mile in advance of those occupied in the morning. The loss of the regiment during the day was 3 men killed, 23 wounded, and 1 missing.

On the evening of April 1 the regiment was ordered to reconnoiter the enemy's works in our front and, if practicable, carry them by assault; but after a careful reconnaissance the regiment was withdrawn and, with the division, joined General Sheridan. On the 2nd of April the regiment had the advance of the division, and was the first to enter the works which the enemy was abandoning. Following to the vicinity of the South Side Railroad the regiment participated in the three assaults upon the enemy which resulted in the capture of the railroad. Our loss in this affair was 1 commissioned officer and 4 enlisted men killed, 1 commissioned officer and 40 enlisted me wounded, and 2 commissioned officers and 16 enlisted men missing. In the operations subsequent to the 2nd, which resulted in the destruction of the Army of Northern Virginia, this regiment performed its full share of duty, meeting with a further loss of five men wounded.

The conduct of the regiment during the campaign, both on the march and in action, is worthy of high praise. Many of the men had but recently entered the service, but they generally behaved with the steadiness of veterans, and the regiment has, I believe, fully sustained its former reputation.

Very respectfully,

LEWIS W. HUSK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain H. DODT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 43. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Hyde, One hundred and twenty-fifth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 125TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,April 10, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to forward the following report of the action taken by this regiment in the campaign commencing March 29 and ending April 9, 1865:

The regiment broke camp on the morning of March 29, crossing Hatcher's Run, taking up position on the Vaughan road, on which and the succeeding day it moved in line of battle, and entrenched on the Boydton road, near the Quaker road. March 31, the regiment was engaged with the enemy, with a loss to the command of 3 killed and 14 wounded. April 2, the regiment was again engaged with the enemy, with a loss to the command of 2 killed, including Captain John Quay, of Company D, and 13 wounded. The regiment was again under severe fire on the 6th and 7th instant. On the 8th instant the regiment was on the skirmish line, and captured about 100 prisoners, 1 piece of artillery, 15 wagons, several caissons, and a large number of small-arms.

Very respectfully,

JOSEPH HYDE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain H. DODT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

