
near sundown, when a few cavalrymen made their appearance. At 8 p. m. we were relieved from the skirmish line and rejoined the column, and marched about four miles and went into camp. April 9, at 8 a. m., the command was again in motion and moved slowly on until nearly noon, when there seemed to be a lull, and we rested quietly along the road. Soon after it was announced that Lee had surrendered his entire force.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. HART WILDER,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain H. DODT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 45. Report of Bvt. Brigadier General John Ramsey, Eighth New Jersey Infantry, commanding Fourth Brigade.
HDQRS. FOURTH Brigadier, FIRST DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,Near Burkeville, Va., April 14, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with orders from headquarters Second Army Corps, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this command during the recent campaign:

We broke camp near Petersburg on the 29th ultimo, marched to and formed line of battle at Gravelly Creek, my left resting on the creek, my command being on the extreme left of the corps, and connected with the Fifth Corps by picket-line, and subsequently by line of battle. Shortly after leaving camp the Fourth New York Heavy Artillery was detached from my command and assigned to the Second Brigade, and the One hundred and eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers (Colonel Egbert) relieved from duty with the First Brigade and assigned to mine. During the night the line of battle had become disconnected by the Fifth Corps advancing through a dense wood and swamp. It was absolutely impossible to preserve a line of battle, or rather a connection, in consequence of the impassability of woods, swamps, and the impenetrable darkness overhanging all.

30th, moved forward at daylight and connected with the Fifth Corps, with left of my line resting at the Boydton plank road and the right crossing the Dabney Mill road. During the day the whole line was advanced about 1,000 yards. At this point the skirmishers were briskly engaged during the day, the enemy using their artillery on both of our lines, skirmish and line of battle, with but little effect. I had two companies of the Fity-third Pennsylvania Volunteers at this point, under the command of Major G. D. Pifer, of that regiment. The conduct of the major and his men was worthy of emulation. The enemy made several efforts to capture the line, but was unsuccessful; but was successful in driving in a portion of the line on my immediate left, composed of troops of the Fifth Corps, with whom I connected. Pending the relaxation of artillery fire the men were constantly engaged in strengthening the temporary works which they occupied.

31st, relieved from the position held yesterday by Brevet Brigadier-General McAllister, commanding Third Brigade, Third Division,

