
Second Corps, and occupied a line of works to be left made vacant by an advance of a portion of the Fifth Corps, and here connected with the left of the Third Brigade, First Division. While in this position an atack was made by a portion of the Fifth Corps. A large number of the attacking party came back in a decidedly disorganized condition. At this juncture I deployed two regiments-Sixty-sixth New York volunteers and One hundred and sixteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers-as a guard in rear of the line of works, to stop and force the fugitives into the line of temporary works. Shortly afterward I was ordered forward to attack the advancing and exultant fore with the force then at my command, which consisted of the following regiments: Fifty-third, One hundred and sixteenth, One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Sixty-sixth New York Volunteers, the Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, One hundred and forty-fifth and One hundred and eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers being elsewhere and performing other duties, the former on picket, the other two corduroying the Dabney Mill road. I moved forward as directed and attacked the enemy, but shortly afterward the whole line gave way and retired about 200 yards and was reformed. The conduct of a majority of the troops of this command was admirable, while one regiment, the One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, gave way unceremoniously and in confusion. This regiment giving way, and the failure of the Third Brigade to advance simultaneously, was the primary cause fo the troops of this command retiring. It was not caused by by an absence of determination on the part of the troops or the superior fighting of the enemy; a force of circumstances alone obliged them to retire. Had the Third Brigade advanced with me, after crossing the run, instead of remaining idle spectators, the result of the assault would have been different and my brigade spared the mortification of a repulse. After the line had been reformed, which occupied by a short time, and which was accomplished under considerable of a musketry fire, the troops were again moved forward and again occupied the position from which they had previously retired, and still without the co-operation fo the Third Brigade. At this time Captain Peterson, of the Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, came to my assistance with about fifty men of that regiment,t hey having been relieved from picket duty. The conduct of these men was admirable. These men remained with me until their regiment joined the brigade and rendered good service. We kept gaining ground slowly until the Third Brigade moved forward and connected with us, when we pushed forward more rapidly, pushing the enemy back into his works. His opposition was determined and obstinate, aided by his temporary success in repulsing a portion of the Fifth Corps in the earlier part of the day. The attack on our part was eminently successful, but with considerable loss. We built a line of temporary works a few hundred yards distant from the enemy's main line and rested for the night.

1st, shortly before daylight we moved back to the position occupied in the morning previous and occupied the works from which we advanced. Here the men were supplied with rations and ammunition, and arms and ammunition inspected, in order to be ready for a renewal of the conflict should an emergency at this or a distant point render our services necessary. About dusk we moved forward and occupied the position which we had vacated in the morning, rested here for a short time, and them marched, via the White Oak road, to join the forces under Major-General Sheridan.

