
2nd, joined, General Sheridan about daylight, rested about two hours, resumed the march, retracing our steps, and entered the enemy's works at the point where the White Oak road runs through them, the works being occupied without any loss. The march was continued through the enemy's late camp, without any incident of note, until we reached a point near the South Side Railroad, excepting the detachment of the One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania volunteers to capture a wagon train, in which it was unsuccessful; they came in sight of but could not capture the train, or any part of it, the road being in a very fair condition and the train moving rapidly. Arriving near the railroad the head of the column came up with the rear guard of the enemy crossing the River road, and in a manner to protect the railroad, with several pieces of artillery in position. The Third and Second Brigades preceded me; I came up and formed line in rear of the letter; remained inactive for a short time, except looking out for our right flank. The Sixty-fourth New York volunteers was detached at this time for the purpose of finding the enemy's right. For the particulars of its operations I invite your attention to the report of its commander, Lieutenant Colonel William Glenny. The One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers was also detached to extend the line to the right. I was now ordered to move to the right and assault the enemy's position; a position which he several combined assaults of two brigades could not take. I was conducted to a position in rear of the skirmish line of the One hundred and forty-eighth pennsylvania Volunteers by Brevet Major Marlin, of Brevet Major-General Miles' staff. Formed line of battle under the crest of a hill, which screened the men from the view of the enemy, the One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers deployed as skirmishers. The whole preparations were made in a most incredible short time, the officers working energetically and the men obeying orders with alacrity. The whole line now pushed forward with resistless fury, determined for victory. While advancing the enemy used his artillery, giving us grape and canister, but its use was of short duration. The fire did not intimidate or retard our advance, but did considerable execution. Among the wounded, while we were advancing, was Lieutenant C. H. Burghardt, Fourth New York Heavy Artillery, acting aide-de-camp, who fell from his horse seriously wounded in the leg with a grape-shot while gallantly performing his duty. While advancing the Fifty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers was taken from the extreme left and placed on the right of the line for the purpose of striking the railroad sooner, which done would necessitate an abandonment of the position held by the enemy. subsequent events proved the correctness of this view. The men continued the advance cheering lustily, and when the right of the line struck the railroad the enemy commenced his retreat, my command pressing as rapidly as circumstances would permit. the fruits of victory were the capture of 2 guns, 1 color, and a number of prisoners, sent to the rear, of whom no number was taken. this success was eminently a happy, a glorious one. I did not have then, nor have had since, any information that our forces had possession of the road at an earlier period, and from the importance attached to the possession of this place, am led to the belief that they had not. After crossing the road we struck the River road and marched to the right about two miles in the direction of Petersburg, and then countermarched and rested near Sutherland's Station for the night.

3rd, 4th, and 5th, marching to overtake the retreating enemy, without anything of particular note occurring.

