
6th, resumed the march from Jetersville, and at an early hour came in sight of the enemy; a line of battle was formed and advanced to attack the enemy. I was ordered to connect with the First Brigade and march in line of battle with it, which was done as long as it was practicable to do so, and then I marched the command out in the road in supporting distance of the leading brigade should assistance be required. Was not actively engaged during the day; rested for the night near the Appomattox River.

7th, the pursuit continued, my brigade leading the column, but by subsequent countermarching was brought third in column. Came up with the enemy a short distance from Farmville, formed line of battle, with right resting on the road and connecting with the left of the Third Brigade. The Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers was deployed as skirmishers, the commander of which reports the capture of 1 gun and 1 color, but were subsequently retaken from him. Attention invited to his report. While the brigade was making connection with the Third Brigade we lost several men, including by bugler. The brigade was not called upon to make any further demonstration; changed our position once and remained for the night.

8th, march resumed, no incident of note worth recording. 9th, march resumed. Came up with the enemy in the morning, and rested pending the result of the correspondence in relation to the capitulation of the Army of Northern Virginia. Its consummation was hailed with undisguised feelings of joy, the prosect of peace, through victory, being desirable by all. It was a proud satisfaction to those who have been in this Army of the Potomac for four years, and shared with it the vicissitudes and the varying fortunes of its several campaigns, to be present on this occasion, and to have a share in the honor of the campaign which ended so auspiciously to our cause.

The conduct of the officers and men of this command, with the exception above noted, was eminently satisfactory, and creditable to the several organizations, commanded as follows: Fifty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers by Colonel William M. Mintzer, One hundred and sixteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers by Major David W. Megraw, One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers by Captain James H. Hamlin, One hundred and eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers by Colonel George T. Egbert, Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers by Lieutenant Colonel William Glenny, Sixty-sixth New York Volunteers by Captain Nathaniel P. Lane. The One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, whose conduct has been censured for the part taken by them in the action of the 31st, did very well on the 2nd in the operations against the railroad.

In conslusion, I beg to name the following officers, whose conduct was such as calls for a recognition of their distinguished services: Colonel W. M. Mintzer, commanding Fifty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers; Major D. W. Megraw, who received a painful wound and still retained command of his regiment, One hundred and sixteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, until ordered to the rear; Major Theodore Tyrer, Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, for valuable aid and assistance; and also to Captain J. H. Hamlin, commanding One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Captain A. F. Peterson, Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers; Lieutenant S. P. Corliss, Fourth New York Heavy Artillery, acting assistant adjutant-general; and Lieutenant C. H. Burghardt, Fourth New York Artillery, acting aide-de-camp.

