
The whole number of prisoners taken exclusively by the regiment is 163.

The conduct of the officer and men is worthy of praise.

The losses during the thirteen days are as follows: Killed-enlisted men, 6. Wounded-officers, 2; enlisted men, 23.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM GLENNY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant S. P. CORLISS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Brigade.

Numbers 47. Report of Captain Nathaniel P. Lane, Sixty-sixth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-SIXTH NEW YORK VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,April 14, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to forward a report of operations of this command from the 29th day of March to the 11th day of April, 1865.

The command broke camp at Fort Sampson at 6 o'clock on the morning of the 29th of March and marched toward Hatcher's Run until 12 a. m., when it was deployed as skirmishers, connecting on our left with the Fifth Corps. On the 30th of March, at 10 a. m., the command advanced as skirmishers, flanking the enemy's pickets and drove them to their main works and captured several prisoners without loss of life. At 3 p. m. it was relieved from the front by the Fifty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, and having joined the brigade it advanced about a half a mile and, under the enemy's fire, threw up slight breast-works in a field, and remained behind the same that night. At daybreak on the 31st of March the command left the works and marched to the left of the line, where it was detailed as provost guard to keep stragglers from the Fifth Corps from going to the rear. Ordered over the works at 11 a. m., it advanced half a miles cross the creek, and after being repulsed once it reformed and drove the enemy one mile; captured several prisoners with loss of ten men wounded. At dark the command built heavy breast-works in a pine woods and remained there that night.

Left the works at 5 p. m. on the 1st of April and went back to the main line of works, where it remained until 7 p. m., when it marched over the works again and moved toward the left until 4 a. m. on the 2nd of April. After resting until 7 a. m. the command moved toward the enemy's works, which having been evacuated by the enemy it crossed at 9 a. m., and flanking the enemy at the South Side Railroad it charged across a field at 1 p. m., being the first regiment that had their colors on the railroad, and sent several hundred prisoners to the rear with loss of one man killed and one wounded. After remaining near the railroad that night the command broke camp at 10 a. m. on the 3rd of April, and after marching toward the left went into camp. On the 4th of April broke camp at daybreak and marched until 7 p. m. April 5, broke camp at 5 a. m. and struck the Danville road at 6 p. m. and went in camp near the said road. April 6, left camp at 7 a. m. and formed line of battle at 10 a. m.; advanced in line several miles and camped in line at 9 p. m. April 7 to 10, the command was detailed to guard the cap-

