
tured wagon train, burned about 150 wagons, with contents, and a large amount of ammunition, and arrived at the brigade, with 25 captured ambulances and 60 mules, on the 10th of April at 2 p. m.*

Very respectfully,

NATHANIEL P. LANE,

Captain, Commanding Sixty-sixth New York Veteran Volunteers.

[Lieutenant S. P. CORLISS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 48. Report of Colonel William M. Mintzer, Fifty-third Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. FITY-THIRD PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,April 12, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my regiment from March 29 to the 10th instant:

On the morning of the former date (March 29, 1865), at 6 o'clock, I had my command in readiness to move in accordance with orders previously received from corps headquarters through the regular channel. Our march eas by the left flank and nearly parallel with the line of breast-works formerly held by the Second Corps. We crossed Hatcher's Run during the morning and marched in the direction of the Boydton plank road. I formed line of battle on a hill, where temporary breast-works erected. In the afternoon we advanced in line of battle several times, but met no enemy. Night having come upon us we were ordered to make ourselves comfortable, which order was obeyed. March 30, at 6 a. m. we moved by the left flank, through the woods and swamp, and after forming line of battle near the Boydton road temporary breast-works were erected. In accordance with orders received from brigade headquarters I sent who companies from my regiment, in charge of Major Pifer, to relieve the skirmishers from our brigade. It was while in performance of this duty that Major Pifer had his horse mortally wounded, after having been shot at by rebel sharpshooters six or seven times. In the afternoon our line was advanced to the crest of the hill, a short distance to the front of former line, where we remained for the night.

I would here state, that my skirmishers handsomely repulsed tow successive charges of the enemy's skirmishers, while the connection of their left was broken by the skirmishers of the Fifth Corps, who had retired without scarcely firing a shot.

March 31, I was relieved from the front line quite early in the morning, by the Third Division, Second Corps; moved to the position held yesterday morning; soon afterward we moved to the left, in rear of breast-works formerly occupied by part of the Fifth Corps. The Fifth Corps were about engaging the enemy. they were repulsed and driven back in great disorder. My regiment in connection with the Sixty-sixth New York, One hundred and sixteenth Pennsylvania, and One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, were moved forward to retake the ground lost by the Fifth Corps. I was formed on the right. We charged across Hatcher's run and engaged the enemy on the crest of the hill beyond. This position could have been held, but

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties (omitted) shows 12 enlisted men wounded and 1 killed.

---------------

