
Numerical Report of Casualties.

Killed. Wounded.

Date.	 Officers.	 Men.	 Officers.	 Men.	 Remarks.

March 31	 ......	 15	 2	 47 	 1 man wounded;

 	 	 	 	 since died.

April 2	 ......	 ....	 ......	 8

April 6	 ......	 ....	 ......	 1

April 7	 ......	 1	 ......	 1

Total	 ......	 16	 2	 57

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. M. MINTZER,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant S. P. CORLISS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 49. Report of Captain John R. Weltner, One hundred and sixteenth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 116TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,April 10, 1865.

Report of operations from the 28th ultimo to the present time.

March 29, broke camp at 6 a. m., marched on the left until we joined the Fifth Corps, passed through the line of works and marched southward. About 12 m. formed line of skirmishers and advanced until after night, met with no opposition, rested for the night, still being deployed as skirmishers.

March 30, shortly after daylight the line began to advance, and continued to do so until about 10 a. m., when they were relieved, fell back, and built works, remaining in the latter position all day and the rest of the night.

March 31, moved early in the morning toward the left nd occupied a position behind a line of works; remained until about 9 a. m., when we moved still farther to the left in support of the Fifth Corps; shortly after forming line head heavy firing in our front, and in a few minutes a portion of the Fifth Corps broke and retreated to out line. About this time our brigade was ordered out in front of the works. they formed line of battle and advanced on the enemy, charged them twice, and were driven back each time; the third time we were more successful, and compelled the enemy to fall back at least two miles; held our position, built works, and remained all night.

April 1, moved about daylight and took up our old position occupied by us on the day previous. About 6 p. m. received orders to move; formed line and moved two or three miles to the left and occupied our old line of works; considerable skirmishing going on while we occupied this line; marched about 12 midnight, moving toward the left.

April 2, joined the Fifth Corps, formed line, and rested until 8 a. m., when we took up line of march and moved back to a position a short distance in the rear of the position occupied on the night previous; remained about two hours, when word was received that the enemy had evacuated; advanced at once and passed into their line; continued to advance for a mile or two, when the enemy were found to be intrenched

