
and offering resistance to our farther advance; formed line of battle in an open field on the right of the road, advanced a short distance and then lay down awaiting further orders; lay in this position two house when we were ordered to move to the left; advanced in this way about a mile and a half, formed line of battle and charged the enemy's works (coming in on their left flank), and drove them from their position; after the charge formed lines and continued on until we made connection with the other line, which being complete moved down the road for a short distance, when we about-faced and marched about one mile; formed line and rested for the night.

April 3, marched about 8 a. m., nothing of consequence occurring all day; rested quietly during the night.

April 4, nothing of consequence occurring.

April 5, still moving on the left, drew rations in the morning; took up line of march; passed a portion of Fifth Corps about 4 p. m.; crossed railroad, built works and rested quietly all night.

April 6, moved early in the morning and came in sight of the enemy's wagon train in about an hour's time; formed line of battle and advanced a long distance; this day a large number of wagons were captured; rested about 9 p. m., and remained quiet all night.

April 7, formed line of march and advanced about four miles, when we were attacked by the enemy; built works and rested quietly all night.

April 8, marched all day, nothing of consequence occurring.

April 9, marched about 8 a. m. and moved slowly along the road; advanced about one mile and halted, remaining in the road until late in the afternoon; received word of the surrender of General Lee; great rejoicing throughout the whole brigade. Camped all night in a field to the left of the road.

April 10, quiet all day, men busily engaged in cleaning their arms and putting up tents.

Killed. Wounded. Missing.

Date.	 Officers	 Men.	 Officers	 Men.	 Officers	 Men.

March	 1	 1	 2	 19	 ......	 2

31, 1865

April 2,	 ...... 	 1	 ......	 2	 ......	 1

1865.

Total.	 1	 2	 2	 21	 ......	 3

Respectfully submitted.

J. R. WELTNER,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Numbers 50. Report of Captain James H. Hamlin, One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 145TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,April 10, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: Pursuant to circular from headquarters Second Army Corps, of this date, I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of this command from March 28 to April 10, 1865:

On the morning of the 29th of March the regiment broke camp, with the brigade, and took up aline of march to the left, striking the Vaughan

48 R R-VOL XLVI, PT I

