
road. In this direction we proceeded as far as the Hargrave house, where we encamped for the night. The enemy had been found at this point.

On the morning of the 30th a detachment of the command was placed on the skirmish line, in charge of Lieutenant Lee, who charged the enemy's front line, driving him out and occupying his works. This position was held until the line of battle advanced, the Fifth Corps covering this ground. On the 31st ultimo the regiment was detached for the purpose of building a corduroy road, at which it was occupied until evening, when it joined the brigade at a position some miles to the left. Here bivouacked of the night. On the morning of April 1 we moved back to aline of works formerly occupied by the Fifth Corps, where we laid until evening, when we were advanced to another line of works thrown up by the same organization. Bivouacked. On the morning of the 2nd were moved on the double-quick some distance to the left, and returned to the vicinity of the former position, the enemy having evacuated his works. An immediate pursuit was begun. He was found posted in a seton position on the South Side Railroad. at this point a train of the enemy's was discovered moving off, whereon my command was detached in pursuit. The capture failed through loss of time. Returned to our position in the line. The regiment was thrown as skirmishers on the left front and flank of the enemy, driving him from his works and capturing one gun, and contributing to the general capture that then and there ensued. The 3rd, 4th, and 5th instant were occupied in the pursuit of the enemy, who was again found at the Danville road, near Amelia Springs. At this point the regiment was detached on a scout on our right, which resulted in the capture of eight prisoners. From this to the 10th instant nothing beyond the general incidents of the pursuit occurred, save that at Farmville we had one man wounded, as at different times before we had 1 killed and 4 wounded.

JAS. H. HAMLIN,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant S. P. CORLISS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 51. Report of Captain John F. Sutton, One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 148TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,April 10, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this command from March 29 to this date, inclusive:

My command broke camp, with its corps, on the morning of the 29th, and marched to the vicinity of the Boydton plank road. At about 4 p. m. of that day the regiment was placed in support of the brigade skirmish line, connecting with the Fifth Corps on the left. The regiment was gradually deployed on the line as it advanced, taking up the interval between the Fifth and Second Corps, and remained on the skirmish line throughout the night. During the 30th the regiment remained in support of the brigade, in line of battle, near the dirt road, in front of a portion of the enemy's works. 31st, moved to the

