
and men engaged in the attack merits the highest praise. The division marched from Sutherland's Station on the 3rd and arrived at Jetersville on the 5th of April at 2.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General Smyth, commanding the Third Brigade, Colonel Olmsted, commanding the First Brigade, and Colonel McIvor, commanding the Second Brigade, acted on all occasions with promptness and ability, and are deserving of special notice. Lieutenant Westcott's battery (B), First Rhode Island Artillery, was in position at the Crow house, and did excellent service by its accurate firing, nd assisted very essentially during the assault on the redoubts on the 2nd of April.

The officers and soldiers of the division deserve great credit for their patient endurance of the fatigue and exposure incident to so vigorous a campaign, and for their bravery and good conduct.

The officers of my staff - Major Norvell, assistant adjutant-general; Surgeon Maull; Captain Summerhayes, inspector; Captain Knapp, aide-de-camp; Captain Gleason, assistant quartermaster; Captain Doten, commissary of musters; Captain White, ordnance officer; Captain Porter, judge-advocate, and Lieutenant Moore, aide-de-camp - performed their respective duties in an efficient and satisfactory manner.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM HAYS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Lieutenant-Colonel WHITTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps.

Numbers 54. Report of Bvt. General Francis C. Barlow, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,April 14, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I was assigned to the command of this division on April 6, 1865, relieving Brigadier General Smyth. The division was at that time near Amelia Springs. On the morning of that day the division moved out on the - road, covering the right flank of the First Division. We did not come in contact with the enemy during the day. On the morning of April 7 we continued the pursuit of the enemy, moving on the right of the First Division and the main road. During the morning, learning that it was the intention of the corps commander to pass over High Bridge, I sent the Nineteenth Regiment Maine Volunteers (of the First Brigade) to secure the bridge. After considerable skirmishing this regiment drove away the enemy, and secured the crossing and extinguished the fire on the small dirt road bridge. They were unable to extinguish the fire on the railroad bridge; three spans of it were destroyed before the division pioneers could cut away the burning part. During the skirmishing Colonel Starbird, commanding Nineteenth Maine Volunteers, a gallant officer, was dangerously wounded. The enemy subsequently made a smart attempt to retake the brigade, supporting their skirmish line with troops in line of battle; but the Third Brigade (Brigadier-General

