
Smyth) coming up they were repulsed. The division here received eighteen abandoned guns and about 500 Enfield rifles. They afterward advanced to Farmville, meeting with considerable resistance, during which a portion of the skirmish line was captured. During the skirmishing Brigadier-General Smyth, commanding Third Brigade, was mortally wounded. From Farmville we pursued the enemy in a northeasterly direction, on the Cumberland Court-House road, but were subsequently ordered to join the rest of the corps.

On the 8th of April we advanced, without incident, to a point some eight miles west of New Store. On the 9th hostilities were terminated by the surrender of the enemy.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brevet Major-General Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel C. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps.

Numbers 55. Reports of Colonel William A. Olmsted, Fifty-ninth New York Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE,April 10, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with orders received from headquarters Second Division, Second Army Corps, General Hays commanding, I moved the brigade, following the Second Brigade, and moved from camp by the left flank, down the Vaughan road, through the picket-line, over Hatcher's Run. A line of battle was formed by the Third and Second Brigades, leaving this brigade in reserve. The Seventh Michigan was temporarily detached to the Third Brigade. At 2 p. m. I was ordered to make a reconnaissance toward Dabney's Mill and capture a fort supposed to be there - the Nineteenth Maine, commanded by Colonel Starbird, supported by the Fifty-ninth New York Veteran Volunteers, commanded by Captain Ludgate, and the One hundred and fifty-second New York Volunteers, commanded by Major Curtiss. We advanced and took Dabney's Mill. The brigade was then advance to the old line of the enemy's breast-works and bivouacked for the night. March 30, at 7 a. m. the command, with the rest of the division, advanced and carried the enemy's works at Hatcher's Run and at the Crow house; took up our position on the left of the Second Brigade and relieved Pierce's brigade, Third Division; threw out the Nineteenth Maine as skirmishers, supported by the One hundred and eighty and eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers and Thirty-sixth Wisconsin Volunteers, to find out the position of the enemy's works in our front. The One hundred and fifty-second New York was sent to support the Third Brigade on their left. The brigade advanced for about three quarters of a mile through heavy slashing of woods; found the enemy in position, with a fort in supporting range; this was mounted with one gun with works forming the angle over the extreme right of the main line of works of the enemy running from Petersburg. March 31, remained in same position, and at 4 p. m. we marched to the left and reported to Third Division, General Mott commanding; deployed the brigade in a thin line to occupy the works of Pierce's brigade.

