
formed line of battle on the right of First Division; at sundown changed front and formed line facing the enemy. April 8, moved in column by fours, marching them through heavy woods on right of road. April 9, marched in column of fours down Lynchburg road, and participated in the grand and glorious surrender of Lee's Army of Northern Virginia to the Army of the Potomac; went into camp, where we now remain.

The following is a correct list of casualties, on the days they occurred.*

April 9, all the prisoners captured on the 7th were recaptured and reported to their regiments, and are now doing duty.

The brigade captured 3 guns (12-pounders, light) at Crow's house, and 18 of all calibers at High Bridge, and about 1,000 prisoners in all.

Respectfully submitted.

WILLIAM A. OLMSTED,

Colonel Fifty-ninth New York Veteran Vols., Commanding Brigade.

In concluding my report I wish to call the attention of the major-general commanding the division to the promptness of the commanding officers of regiments in this brigade in promptly obeying each and every order given, and to all officers and men for their steadiness on the march and earnestness to do their every duty under all circumstances.

The following are the officer who commanded their regiments during the whole campaign from March 29, 1865, to April 9, 1865, inclusive: Colonel I. W. Starbird, commanding Nineteenth Maine Volunteers; Colonel Stover, commanidng One hundred and eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Warner, commanidng Thirty-sixth Wisconsin Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Curtis, commanding Twentieth Massachusetts Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel La Point, commanding Seventh Michigan Veteran Volunteers; Major Curtiss, commanding One hundred and eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteer; Lieutenant-Colonel Warner, commanding Thirty-sixth Wisconsin Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Curtis, commanding Twentieth Massachusetts Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel La Point, commanding Seventh Michigan Veteran Volunteers; Major Curtiss, commanding One hundred and fifty-second New York Volunteers; Captain William Ludgate, commanding Fifty-ninth New York Veteran Volunteers; Captain Palmer, commanding Nineteenth Massachusetts Volunteers; Captain F. Houston, commanding First Minnesota Volunteers.

To my staff I am indebted for their usefulness in doing and exposing themselves under all circumstances, and, if brevet rank is to be given, would recommend Captain O. R. Small, Nineteenth Maine, acting assistant adjutant-general, to be major by brevet; Captain A. B. Holmes, Twentieth Massachusetts, acting assistant inspector-general, to be major by brevet; First Lieutenant and Adjt. George Matthews, Fifty-ninth New York Veteran Volunteers, aide-de-camp, to be captain by brevet; First Lieutenant Aldrich Tennant, Seventh Michigan Volunteers, to be captain by brevet; Second Lieutenant William H. Tripp, aide-de-camp, to be captain by brevet.

I would also call the attention of the general commanidng the division that Captain Augustus Hubbell, acting commissary of subsistence, was up to the front each day, and attended to his duties promptly and well; also Surg. S. H. Plumb, Fifty-ninth New York Veteran Volunteers, surgeon in charge of the brigade, was with the head of the column and with the brigade in each position it occupied.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

WILLIAM A. OLMSTED,

Colonel Fifty-ninth New York Veteran Vols., Commanding Brigade.

Major JOHN M. NORVELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Div., Second Army Corps.

---------------

*Embodied in table, p.583.

---------------

