HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,April 26, 1865.

MAJOR: In compliance with circular, Second Division, Second Army Corps, to forward a report of the operations of this brigade from March 29, 1865, to April 6, 1865, inclusive, I do respectfully report:

By a preparatory order to be in readiness to move had the command under arms and in order for the orders of the commanding officer of the division, Brigadier-General Hays, at 6.30 a. m. March 29, 1865. By an order from General Hays detailed the Seventh Michigan Veteran Volunteers to report to General Smyth, commanding the Third Brigade. We were ordered to move by the left flank and follow the Second Brigade (at 7 a. m.), Second Division, Second Army Corps. We crossed over Hatcher's Run, following down the Vaughan road; we were halted and formed in reserve to the Second and Third Brigades, forming the first line. On moving to position I was ordered to support my rear and right; did so by having the Twentieth Massachusetts Volunteers deployed for that purpose. I (by order of General Hays) advanced the Fifty-ninth New York Veteran Volunteers to skirmish the front of our line. Shortly afterward I was ordered to remove them; shortly thereafter I was ordered to make a reconnaissance toward Dabney's Mill and capture a supposed work there held by the enemy. I ordered the Nineteenth Maine, supported by the Fifty-ninth New York Veteran Volunteers (Captain Ludgate) and One hundred and fifty-second New York Volunteers, to make the reconnaissance. Shortly after, in riding down, found that we has occupied Dabney;s Mill, and so reported to Major Norvell, assistant adjutant-general, Second Division, Second Army Corps. The brigade advanced to Dabney's Mill about 5 p. m. and bivouacked.

March 30, 1865, with the balance of the division advanced to Crow house, on Hatcher's Run; took up our position on crest of hill on left of Second Brigade, Second Division, Second Army Corps. Made a reconnaissance to the front to ascertain strength of position and number of guns in a fort on extreme right of enemy's line of works running from Petersburg. Advanced the Nineteenth maine, supported by Thirty-sixth Wisconsin and One hundred and eighty-fourth Pennsylvania, with the First Minnesota on the right of slashing in front of crow house, found the fort of contain two brass pieces, with a fort in rear mounting one gun, and so reported. March 31, reported to Third Division, they having moved to the left.

April 1, reported back to Second Division at 6 a. m.; resumed old line formerly occupied; advanced the brigade about 300 yards and threw up breast-works, connecting with the Second Brigade, and it with the Twenty-fourth Corps. April 2, I advanced the Seventh Michigan, with twenty or twenty-five sharpshooters, supported by the Nineteenth Massachusetts, to assault the work and capture it. The assault commenced about 6 a. m., and at about 7.30 or 8 a. m. Lieutenant-Colonel La Point, Seventh Michigan, reported to me that he had captured the fort, and I reported to General Hays at Crow's house. The brigade was advanced to the line of enemy's works at 9 a. m.; moved by left flank and moved to Boydton plank road to Burgess' Mill; then up Boydton plank road to and near Mr. Cogswell's house, on Cox's road; moved down Cox's road, crossing railroad at Sutherland's Station; threw out skirmishers, and proceeded until we menthe First Division skirmishers, and proceeded until we met the First Division skirmishers, where we halted over near a Mrs. Kidd's house, and bivouacked. April 3, marched back to Cogswell's house; after resting

