
for about two hours resumed march again down Cox's road; advanced down Namozine road, and bivouacked on a farm of a Mrs. Burke. April 4 and 5, on march; arrived on the afternoon of the 5th at Amelia Station. April 6, was ordered to prepare to attack the enemy. Soon afterward Brigadier-General Hays was relieved and Brigadier-General Smyth assumed command; shortly afterward Brevet Major-General Barlow took command.

The regiments which took a prominent part in the capture of the fort mounting two brass pieces, with one in rear mounting one gun, on April 2, 1865, was the Seventh Michigan, Colonel La Point, Nineteenth Massachusetts, commanded by Captain Palmer,and Fist Minnesota, all sharpshooters. Sergeant Warren, of the Seventh Michigan, was amongst the fist to enter the fort, and shot a rebel sharpshooter dead for not surrendering. Lieutenant-Colonel [La Point?] on entering the second fort (he was the first one to enter it) changed the gun so as to fire at the rebels as they were retreating.

Respectfully submitted.

WILLIAM A. OLMSTED,

Colonel Fifty-ninth New York Vet. Vols., Commanding Brigade.

Major J. M. NORVELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

Numbers 56. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph W. Spaulding, Nineteenth Maine Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH MAINE VOLUNTEERS,April 10, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward the following report of the doings of this regiment since the 29th ultimo:

March 29, broke camp at 5 a. m. and marched at 7 a. m. out on Vaughan road about one mile and formed line. In afternoon advanced as skirmishers to Dabney's Mill, where it remained for the night. March 30, five companies advanced as skirmishers and the remainder with the line of battle; skirmishers advanced till they met the enemy at Fort Powell, and engaged them during the day until 4 p. m., when they were relieved by the Thirty-sixth Wisconsin Volunteers and rejoined the regiment and brigade at the Crow house. March 31, at 4 a. m. moved short distance to relieve a part of the Third Division. At noon, an advance having been ordered, this regiment was deployed and advanced as skirmishers to within short range of the enemy's works, and engaged them during the day, taking a few prisoners and having several men wounded. Withdrew at dark and rejoined the brigade.

April 1, lay in line all day. At 5 p. m. moved a short distance to the front and constructed works. From this date to the 7th instant marched with the brigade, but was not engaged. The 7th instant, at 10 a. m., the regiment advanced as skirmishers up to the works on the east side of High Bridge, on Lynchburg railroad, which were found vacated, but the enemy were discovered on the opposite side of the run, and both bridges were found to be on fire. The regiment advanced on double-quick to the foot bridge, sent three companies across as skirmishers, and with the remainder put out the fire and saved the bridge. The enemy advanced a strong skirmish line against the skirmishers of

