
this regiment, and present them back and followed so closely that but one of our companies could recross the bridge. The Third Brigade advancing to our support at just this moment, the enemy were driven back on the double-quick. Colonel I. W. Starbird was severely wounded in this engagement. The regiment afterward marched along the railroad with the brigade to Farmville, and in the afternoon moved to the right and took position with the division on the right of the First Division and constructed works. April 8 and 9, marched in a westerly direction with the brigade to this place, and did not meet the enemy. In afternoon of the 9th participated in the general enjoyment of the Army of the Potomac.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. SPAULDING,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain O. R. SMALL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 57. Report of Colonel James P. McIvor, One hundred and seventieth New York Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,April 15, 1865.

MAJOR: In compliance with circular of this date from headquarters Second Division, Second Army Corps, I have the honor to report the following as the operations of the Second Brigade since the 28th of March:

The brigade broke camp on the morning on the 29th, and moved with the balance of the division across and beyond Hatcher's Run, a distance of some three miles. During the 30th and 31st of March the advance toward the enemy's main line of works was continued until the Crow house was reached. Whilst en route the brigade built three lines of breast-works, the last line upon what is known as the Crow farm, from which point reconnaissances were made by portions of this command against the enemy's works, which were found to be of a formidable character.

On the 1st of April the command was advanced still nearer to the enemy (our skirmishers driving those of the opposing force into their breast-works), forming a connection with the Twenty-fourth Army Corps on the run; and at that point also strong line of works was constructed. During the night of the 1st a force from this brigade, consisting of the Sixty-ninth New York National Guard Artillery, One hundred and fifty-fifth and One hundred and seventieth New York Volunteers, was ordered to assault the enemy's works, in column of fours, at 4 a. m. the following morning. Everything was prepared accordingly, and the above-named regiments were advanced beyond our skirmish line and close to the enemy's abatis at 3.30 a. m. At 15 minutes before 4 o'clock the order for the assault was countermanded and the troops were quietly withdrawn. Shortly afterward the enemy made a fierce attack upon the left of the Twenty-fourth Army Corps and also upon our brigade skirmish line. The latter was immediately re-enforced and repulsed the enemy. At 7 a. m. orders were received to assault the

