
enemy's fort, in column of fours, with one-third of the number of men at first detailed. For this purpose the Sixty-ninth New York National Guard Artillery, under command of Captain Robert Haggard, was quickly formed upon the skirmish line, and together with the skirmishers, consisting of the One hundred and sixty-fourth New York Volunteers and Company G of the Eighth New York Heavy Artillery, attacked and captured the fort and works, with two guns and caissons and many prisoners, in the most gallant manner. The Sixty-ninth New York National Guard Artillery, led by Captain Robert Haggard, observing another fort directly in rear of the one first attacked and captured, advanced on it and captured it, together with one gun and caisson and many prisoners. The Sixty-ninth New York Volunteers were promptly reformed and sent as skirmishers in pursuit of the enemy, of whom they captured and sent to the rear many. The Sixty-ninth Regiment New York National Guard Artillery was led throughout by Captain Robert Haggard, whom I would respectfully recommends deserving of some mark of approbation for his meritorious services. Immediately after the capture of the works the remainder of the brigade advanced and occupied them for a short time, when it was rejoined by that portion which had been skirmishing, after having marched to a point within three miles of Petersburg.

The evening of the 2nd and the morning of the 3rd was occupied in marching and countermaching between Well's Church (South Side Railroad) and the point above named. On the afternoon of the 3rd the brigade was detailed to guard the train of the Cavalry Corps, which was in park at Sutherland's. On the night of the 3rd the train moved toward Namozine Church, the brigade accompanying it as escort, repairing roads and building bridges in places which had been rendered impassable. The march was continued day and night until 6 a. m. on the 6th instant, when this command rejoined the division, and without being permitted to rest accompanies it in pursuit of the enemy during the 6th, 7th, 8th, and 9th instant. Encamped at Clover Hill on the 10th, since which date this command has marched to its present location.

The brigade has captured in all above 300 prisoners.

I am, major, yours, very respectfully,

J. P. McIVOR,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major JOHN M. NORVELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Div., Second Army Corps.

Numbers 58. Reports of Colonel Daniel Woodall, First Delaware Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,April 27, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of theirs command from March 29 to April 6, inclusive, in compliance with circular of April 26 from headquarters Second Division, Second Army Corps.

