
Pursuant to orders from headquarters Second Corps of the previous day, we left at 6.38 a. m. March 29. After crossing Hatcher's Run the Seventh Michigan Volunteers (of the Fist Brigade) reported to General Smyth as skirmishers. After passing our picket-line General Smyth sent out the Seventh West Virginia Volunteers, Seventh Michigan Volunteers, and Fourth Ohio Volunteers as skirmishers, who advanced about a mile and a half, but found no enemy. Our skirmishers were then withdrawn and line of battle formed - Second Division on the right, and this brigade on the right of the division, resting near Hatcher's Run. Seventh Virginia, Fourth Ohio, and Seventh Michigan were sent out to p[icket in our front. While advancing to reconnoiter the front of his regiment Lieutenant [Patterson], of the Seventh Michigan, a valuable officer, was shot dead by a sharpshooter. The enemy occupying a line of works near Dabney's Mill, our line then advanced to Dabney's Mill, the brigade marching by the flank, as the woods were too thick for a line of battle. We took position on the right of the division, our right resting on Hatcher's Run, connecting with Twenty-fourth Corps and connecting on the left with First Brigade. While this movement was being executed the Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, which had been sent out as skirmishers to picket in our front, struck the enemy between Dabney's Mill and the Crow house, and a lively skirmish was kept up until dark, of the Fourth Ohio, Seventh Virginia, Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania, and the Fifty-ninth New York Volunteers (from First Brigade), which regiments reported to General Smyth about dark.

March 30. Our whole line advanced this morning to the Crow house; the enemy left their position at this point during the night; our brigade was in reserve of the division during the day. The enemy were found to have fallen back to their main line of works, which was found to be very strong. While establishing a picket-line from the right of the Third Division to Hatcher's Run, the enemy opened with artillery on our picket force, under command of Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Nicholas, First Delaware Veteran Volunteers, but did no damage. We remained in this position until 1 o'clock of the morning of the 31st, when this brigade was ordered to the left of the division. It rained hard until daybreak, at which time we occupied the works extending from the Crow house - the First Brigade, Second Division, on our right, and a brigade of the third Division on our left. General Smyth, with the One hundred and eighth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel Francis E. Pierce commanding, reconnoitered our front and unmasked the position of the enemy, drawing the fire of his batteries. An attack was then ordered. The Seventh Michigan (Lieutenant-Colonel La Point), Seventh West Virginia (Lieutenant-Colonel Baldwin), Fourth Ohio (Lieutenant-Colonel Calahan), and a company of the First Delaware (Captain Davis and Lieutenant Dunn) -the First Delaware was formed in line of battle, under Colonel Woodall - advanced through the enemy's slashing, driving them to their works, and, after sharp skirmishing, succeeded in silencing the fire of their battery in our front, which was in a square work without embrasure. Lieutenant Hopkins, Seventh Virginia, was severely wounded during the affairs. The slashing in our front was so thick a line of battle could not get through. During this time a heavy firing was going on on our left. At night our skirmish line was withdrawn under cover of the woods, and we remained in the position until the afternoon of the 1st of April, when our line was shortened by the Third Division moving to the right. The First and Second Brigades established a new line along the edge of the woods in our front, and this brigade held the line occupied by the First

