
Brigade; held this position until 2 a. m. April 2, when brigade was ordered to report to General Mott on our left. A detachment of the Tenth New York Volunteers, Captain Van Winkle, the Fourth Ohio, in charge of Captain S. W. De Witt and Captain Lewis Rounds, and half of the Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers, under command of Captain William Murdock, were left on the skirmish line, and participated in the attack at that point which resulted in the capture of a fort, several pieces of artillery, and a number of prisoners, the detachment of the Fourth Ohio Volunteers, under Captain L. Rounds, taking 67 prisoners, and the Tenth New York detachment, Captain Van Winkle, taking 30 prisoners. The One hundred and sixth Battalion of Pennsylvania Volunteers, Captain Gallager, was organized for field service in conjunction with Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Captain Charles McAnally, and participated in all the movements of the last-named command. The brigade - consisting (exclusive of those left on the skirmish line) of the First Delaware Volunteers, a portion of the Tenth New York, a portion of the fourteenth Connecticut, the Seventh Virginia, One hundred and eighth New York, Twelfth New Jersey, Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania, and the One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers - moved to the left and took position on the left of the Third Division. When the enemy were discovered to have evacuated we marched with the Third Division to Cox's road, near Petersburg, and on the arrival of the Second Division we were joined by the detachment of our brigade left on the skirmish line, who had participated in the attack at that point under General Hays. General Smyth then received an order from General Humphreys to rejoin his division, under General Hays. The division then moved down the South Side Railroad, this brigade resting for the night on the railroad, about nine miles from Petersburg. In the morning we returned to near Petersburg, starting at 6 a. m. We were then ordered to turn back, and marched until 11 p. m., halting for the night near Namozine Church. On the morning of the 4th instant we moved at 7 a. m., an d halted about 1.30 p. m. near the forks of Burkeville and Amelia Court-House roads. Taking the road in the direction of Jetersville, we halted for the night at 9 p. m. in line of battle, our brigade on the right. Our command was entirely out of rations and the men worn out. we received orders to move at midnight (12 p.m.), but were obliged to wait to issue rations to the command. As soon as rations were issued we moved on in advance of the corps, this brigade in advance of the division. We passed Dennisville about 9 a. m., and reached the Fifth Corps, near Jetersville, at 2.30 p. m. The marching on this day was very hard, the day warm and the roads bad. We found the Fifth Corps in line, fortified, and our division was formed in line on the left of the Fifth Corps, this brigade on the right, with our right resting on the railroad at or near Jetersville. the enemy reported to be advancing, we built works and remained in this position until the morning of the 6th instant, when we received orders to advance and attack the enemy's works. General Smyth then sent out the Seventh Virginia, fourth Ohio, and Seventh Michigan (of the First Brigade) as skirmishers. Taking a northeast direction we advanced about a mile, finding a few of the enemy's cavalry in our front, our brigade on the right and marching by the flank in rear of the skirmishers. About 9 o'clock General Smyth was called on to take command of the division, and the command for a short time devolved on Colonel Daniel Woodall, First Delaware Volunteers. About 10 o'clock, or near that time, General F. Barlow assumed command of the division, and General Smyth returned to the command of the brigade. The enemy having gone around on our

