
left, we were ordered to move to the left and pursue him, our division moving on the right of the other divisions of the corps. General Smyth was then ordered to connect with the First Division (General Miles), but was afterward ordered to throw out skirmishers and take the advance of the division. The Sixty-ninth and One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers were thrown out on our right flank as flankers, the One hundred and eighth New York and half of the Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers were deployed as skirmishers, and participated in the attack on the enemy's position at Sailor's Creek. During the day we kept close on the heels of the enemy and pushed him vigorously, and halted when it became so dark we could not continue the pursuit.

The troops engaged in the attack on the redoubt on the 2nd instant were a detachment of the Tenth New York Volunteers, Captain Van Winkle; a detachment of the Fourth Ohio Volunteers, Capts. S. W. DeWitt and Lewis rounds; five companies of the Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers, Captain Murdock. The Seventh Michigan Volunteers were also left there and participated, and reported at that place to their own (the First) brigade. Officers wounded during operations to the 6th instant, inclusive: Lieutenant Mark Hopkins, Seventh West Virginia, wounded March 31; Lieutenant Colonel S. A. Moore, Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers, April 6. Offices killed: Lieutenant Stephen Patterson, Seventh Michigan Volunteers, April 6. Officers killed: Lieutenant Stephen Patterson, Seventh Michigan Volunteers, April 1 [March 29]. Lieutenant-Colonel Moore, of the Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers, though not on duty, superintended the movements of his command on the 6th instant, and while engaged in the capture of some rebels accidentally shot himself with his pistol.

Very respectfully,

DANIEL WOODALL,

Colonel First Delaware Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Major JOHN M. NORVELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,Camp near Burkeville Junction, Va., April 15, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this brigade during the time I have has command of it. I assumed command at noon on the 7th instant, immediately after the late Brigadier-General Smyth was wounded and during the skirmish with the enemy between High Bridge and Farmville, on the South Side Railroad:

Witch the exception of the Tenth New York Volunteers, Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers, and Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, the whole brigade was deployed as skirmishers, and in compliance with instructions I advanced this line, engaging the enemy and driving them until I reached a retraining east from Farmville. Here I was ordered to halt and assemble the command, and to post a line along the aforesaid road. The Twelfth New Jersey Volunteers were left on the road as skirmishers, and the remainder of the command massed with the division. Shortly afterward the command was marched with the division to the right of the First Division of this corps, and after dark I was assigned position on the right of the First Brigade. Temporary breast-works were thrown up, and the command encamped for the night. This brigade moved with the division on the morning of the 8th instant, and throughout the day nothing of mentionable

