
importance occurred. The Sixty-ninth an One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers and Tenth New York Volunteers preceded the column as skirmishers on this day. At 6.30 p.m. the command was halted, and one day's rations were issued to the troops, after which it again moved with the division a distance of about three miles and encamped for the night. Moved with the division on the morning of the 9th instant to the vicinity of "Clover Hill farm." At this place the command remained until the morning of the 11th instant, when the march to this place commenced.

In a complete report of the operations of this command since the opening of the recent campaign much might be said of the praiseworthy action of individuals and separate organizations. I can only say, that since I have had the honor to command the the brigade I have received the cordial support of officers and men, and all are entitled to credit for the patience, energy, and steadiness in action which has so largely contributed to secure the general result.

I respectfully submit herewith the nominal list of casualties,* together with the reports of regimental commanders.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL WOODALL,

Colonel First Delaware Veteran Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Major JOHN M. NORVELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

Numbers 59. Report of Captain J. Frank Morgan, Fourteenth Connecticut Infantry.
HDQRS. FOURTEENTH CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS,April 10, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that since breaking camp, March 28, 1865, this regiment as a regiment has not been engaged with the enemy. The right wing was upon the skirmish line near the boydton road April 1 and 2, during which time they were at intervals under the enemy's fire. On the morning of the 2nd they participated, with the Seventh Michigan and Tenth New York Volunteers, in the movement in which a fort and several pieces of artillery in their front were captured. Upon the 6th of April, in Amelia County, the left wing of the regiment skirmished in advance of the brigade, capturing some thirteen of the enemy and sustaining no loss, except the accidental wounding of Lieutenant-Colonel Moore. Upon the 8th the whole regiment was twice exposed for a few moments to the enemy's fire (at High Bridge and a point near Farmville) without having any opportunity of replying.

All the casualties sustained in this command during the above period are three - 1 commissioned officer and 2 enlisted men wounded. The number of prisoners taken from the enemy is 36.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. FRANK MORGAN,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain THERON E. PARSONS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in table, p.583.

---------------

49 R R-VOL XLVI, PT I

