
No. 60. Report of Major John T. Dent, First Delaware Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DELAWARE VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,April 10, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to forward the following report of the late operations against the enemy in which my command have participated:

Received orders to march on the 27th ultimo; broke camp; were ordered on picket; relieved from picket on the 28th and joined our brigade; remained along the line near Petersburg, Va. On the 30th were ordered out as skirmishers; engaged the enemy; lost two enlisted men wounded; the enemy were driven from their works; immediately pursued them. Again engaged them near Farmville, Va., April 7; drove them from their works, capturing a few prisoners; assisted in capturing 9 pieces of artillery. Loss - 2 commissioned officers wounded; 3 enlisted men killed, 9 wounded, and 1 missing, in action. Have not since been engaged with the enemy. Total loss - 2 commissioned officers wounded; 3 enlisted men killed, 11 wounded, and 1 missing, in action.

The regiment has been commanded by Colonel Daniel Woodall till April 7, when he received an order to take command of the brigade. Lieutenant-Colonel Nicholas in the meantime having been wounded, the command devolved upon me.

The officers and men have displayed much gallantry and deserve great credit.

In all, the operations of my command since the beginning of the campaign to the present date bear a similar history as that of the Third Brigade, Second Division, Second Army Corps.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN T. DENT,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain T. E. PARSONS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 61. Report of Major Henry F. Chew, Twelfth New Jersey Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,April 10, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment from the 28th [29th] ultimo to the present:

On the morning of 28th [29th] of March broke camp near Petersburg and moved to the left, on the Vaughan road, to position near Hatcher's Run. Lay here until about 7 o'clock on morning of 29th [30th], when this regiment was detailed to corduroy a road leading from Hatcher's Run to the Vaughan road; worked at this until evening of April 1, when rejoined the brigade, then lying at the Lewis house. Next morning (2nd), in conjunction with the brigade, moved to the left of the army, beyond the boudton plank road; remained here until 10 a. m., when marched up the road to within a short distance of Petersburg. About 2 p. m. moved along the South Side Railroad to a station (name

