
unknown) and lay there during the night. On morning of 3rd marched to within a short distance of Petersburg; thence retracing our steps moved to Moravian Church. Lay there during the night, and on the morning of the 4th moved toward the Danville railroad and halted for the night. On the morning of the 5th instant moved on, and in afternoon arrived near and took position near the Danville railroad, where remained during the night. On the 6th moved to attack the enemy at or near Amelia Court-House, but were not engaged during the day; halted for the night about seven miles from Amelia Court-House. Next morning (7th) pushed the enemy down to and across the Lynchburg railroad; found them posted at a high bridge, where we attacked and drove them from thence to Farmville, where the regiment was deployed as skirmishers on the extreme left of the division, to the right of the railroad; were ordered to advance, which was done, and drove the enemy from his position, and halted on the Richmond road, where rejoined the brigade and moved up on the right of the First Division, Second Army Corps; was then placed on picket, where remained all night. On morning of 8th continued pursuit of the enemy down the Buckingham road and halted for the night about six miles from New Buckingham. On morning of 9th continued the march down the Buckingham road and halted near Clover Hill, where surrender of the rebel army took place.

Hoping that the above will prove satisfactory, I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. F. CHEW,

Major, Commanding.

Captain THERON E. PARSONS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

N. B. - I append the nominal list of casualties.*

Numbers 62. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George F. Hopper, Tenth New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,April 14, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to forward the following report of the part taken by this command in the operations since March 29, 1865:

March 29, started from camp near Hatcher's Run 6 a.m., and marched to a point upon the Vaughan road near Dabney's Mill, where the command aided in erecting breast-works. March 31, regiment sent upon picket duty about 6 a. m. Remained upon this duty until morning of 2nd of April, when, in conjunction with the rest of the line, the regiment advanced and entered a rebel fort to the right of the Boydton road, capturing it and the works contiguous, with 30 prisoners. Loss, 1 commissioned officer and 1 enlisted man wounded. Upon 7th instant the command acted as flankers to the column, and participated also in the advance at High Bridge and near Farmville, losing two enlisted men wounded. April 8, the command acted as skirmishers and flankers on the right of the division. 9th, marched to point near Clover Hill, where we remained until the morning of 11th instant, when the command took up line of march toward Burkeville, where it arrived evening of 13th instant.

---------------

*Embodied in table, p.583.

---------------

