
I have to report very favorably as to the general good conduct and steady bearing of the commissioned officers and enlisted men of my command during the past fatiguing and arduous campaign.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. F. HOPPER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Tenth New York Volunteers.

Captain THERON E. PARSONS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 63. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Francis E. Pierce, One hundred and eighth New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 108TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,April 15, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders, I respectfully make the following report of the operations of this regiment during the late campaign:

The regiment left camp on the morning of March 28 [29], with the rest of the brigade, and moved out the Vaughan road across Hatche's Run, and bivouacked for the night near Dabney's Mills. On the morning of the 29th [30th] advanced with the rest of the brigade; nothing beside ordinary picket and fatigue duty was done by the regiment until the morning of March 31, when the right wing was sent out to ascertain until the morning of March 31, when the right wing was sent out to ascertain the strength of the enemy in our immediate front. The enemy;s skirmish line was driven in, and it was discovered that they had a line of works, in front of which was a broad slashing, and were in considerable force behind the works. Later in the day the left wing was sent out to capture some of the enemy's pickets if possible. The pickets were easily driven behind their main line of works; but, owing to the denseness of the slashing, it was impossible to capture any of them.

On the morning of April 2 this regiment and the Seventh Virginia of this brigade were ordered to advance upon the enemy's works, and enter them if possible. All arrangements were made, but at 2 a. m. the order was countermanded, and, with the rest of the brigade, it was moved to the left. Shortly afterward it was moved to the left. Shortly afterward it was discovered that the enemy had abandoned his works in our front, and this regiment was moved to the right to within two miles of Petersburg, where it remained for a short time, when it was moved back toward the left again some five or six miles, where it bivouacked. On the morning of the 3rd the regiment again moved nearly to Petersburg, where it remained until about noon, when it started, with the rest of the brigade, in pursuit of the enemy. The regiment was on the skirmish line during the advance on the 6th of april, and on the 7th was again placed in support of the skirmish line of the brigade. On nearing High Bridge the regiment was taken from the skirmish line and placed on the right of the brigade. On nearing High Bridge the regiment was taken from the skirmish line and placed on the right of the brigade, nd marched toward the bridge, on the railroad, in column of fours, preceded by some of the First Delaware, who had been on the skirmish line. After remaining near the east end of the bridge about half and hour the regiment was moved alongside of the railroad track to a small bridge below the railroad bridge, and was the first regiment that crossed. It advanced as skirmishers along the piers of the railroad bridge, and its colors were continually in advance of all others and were the first planted on a small fort at the west end of the bridge, and officers and

