
men belonging to this regiment were the first at the ten pieces of artillery that were left by the enemy at the west end of the bridge. It is not intended to assert that this regiment captured the fort or the ten pieces of artillery, as the credit is due to the whole brigade; but simply that the colors of this regiment were the first over the bridge, and kept in the advance, and that the regiment was the first to reach the fort and the guns. The regiment was reformed immediately in rear of the captured artillery, and advanced beside the railroad track toward Farmville. At about one mile and a half east of that place it was again deployed as skirmishers, the left resting on the railroad, the line being nearly at right angles with the road. The enemy, who had besides a strong skirmish line a section of artillery, was repeatedly driven from strong positions until the whole line was ordered to halt, and was reformed and moved to the right of the Fist Division.

On the night of the 7th regiment constructed a line of works. On the morning of the 8th it advanced, with the rest of the brigade, in pursuit of the enemy, and was with the brigade when the enemy surrendered. It made the return march to this place, arriving here on the evening of the 13th.

Although the regiment has endured many hardships and at times been almost without rations, there has been very little or no complaint by officers or men, and all duty has been readily and cheerfully performed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. E. PIERCE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain THEREON E. PARSONS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 64. Report of Captain Charles McAnally, Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-NINTH PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLS.,April 10, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment since the 29th ultimo:

On the morning of the 29th of March the regiment broke camp and moved along with the brigade across Hatcher's Run to the vicinity of Dabney's Mills, at which place the regiment was thrown out as skirmishers to connect with the pickets of the Twenty-fourth Corps; in so doing the enemy opened a brisk fire of musketry, and kept it up till dark. During the night I captured two prisoners, who were sent to brigade headquarters. At daylight I found that the enemy had abandoned his position, which fact I immediately reported to brigade headquarters. About 8 o'clock on the morning of the 30th my regiment was relieved, and I joined the brigade at Gum Run, where I remained until evening, when I was ordered to report with my regiment to Captain Howell, U. S. Engineers, on the Vaughan road, by whom my regiment was employed in constructing corduroy roads until the morning of the 2nd instant, when I rejoined the brigade, in compliance with an order to that effect from General Humphreys, and marched with it to Cox's road, where I bivouacked the regiment for the night.

