
Nothing of event transpired until the afternoon of the 6th instant, when I was ordered to take my regiment upon the right flank of the brigade, which I accordingly did. The road upon which the column moved took an oblique direction to the left, whilst I moved my regiment directly in the direction indicated to me by a staff officer of the division, and in this manner I became so far separated from the brigade as to be unable to rejoin it until the day following. During the time that I was this separated I took 29 of the enemy as prisoners, and captured 1 mule, all of which I turned over to Major Palmer, provost-marshal, Second Corps. I rejoined the brigade with my regiment at noon of the 7th instant. On the morning of the 8th instant I deployed my regiment as skirmishers for the division, and during the day the regiment captured 7 prisoners. With this exception none of the enemy was met with until about 5 p. m., when we encountered a force and drove it back a distance of about one mile, after which we were with drawn and rejoined the brigade. Nothing of note has occurred in this regiment since.

During the foregoing operations no casualties occurred for which they deserve great credit, and I would deem it an injustice to particularize one above another.

I would further state the One hundred and sixth Battalion Pennsylvania Volunteers operated along with my regiment.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. McANALLY,

Captain, Commanidng Regiment.

The number of prisoners captured on each day was as follows: March 29, 2 enlisted men; April 6, 29 enlisted men; April 8, 6 enlisted men and 1 officer. Total, 1 officer and 37 enlisted men. Captured 1 mule.

Captain THERON E. PARSONS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 65. Report of Captain John H. Gallager, One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 106TH BATTALION PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,April 10, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to forward the following report of operations of this command since the 28th ultimo:

Left camp on the 29th at 6 a. m.; marched with the column; halted and constructed breast-works; again moved with the column to Dabney's Mill; ordered to the front as skirmishers in conjunction with the Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers; met the enemy, and drove them to their works at dark; remained on line all night. 30th, occupied the works at daybreak and found no enemy; relieved by Twenty-fourth Army Corps, and joined the brigade t 8 a.m.; remained with brigade till 5 p. m.; ordered to report to headquarters for fatigue duty; camped near army headquarters for the night. 31st, engaged in corduroyig roads all day. April 1, engaged in corduroying all day. 2nd, joined the brigade at 7 a. m.; camped for the night on the South Side Railroad. 3rd, moved toward Petersburg; countermarched in pursuit of the enemy; camped for the night. 4th, moved at daybreak with

