
the column; on picket all night. 5th, joined the brigade 1.30 a.m.; moved with the column; reached the Fifth Corps in breast-works; passing them, formed on their left; constructed a line of works, and remained for the night. 6th, moved at 6 a. m.; detailed on flank of column; captured 8 prisoners and 3 contrabands, and destroyed 26 muskets for want of transportation; remained on flank all night. 7th, joined the brigade near Farmville, Va.; camped for the night. 8th, marched in support of skirmishers all day; went into camp at dusk; moved at 10p. m. in advance four miles; camped till daybreak. 9th, moved at 8.30 a. m.with the column; halted at 1 p. m.; went into camp about 6 p. m.

No casualties occurred in this command since the 28th ultimo.

I am, sir very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. H. GALLAGER,

Captain, Commanding 106th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain THERON E. PERSONS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 66. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Francis W. H. Baldwin, Seventh West Virginia Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTH WEST VIRGINIA VET. VOL. BATTALION,April 10, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular of this date, I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this command from the 28th of March to the 10th of April, 1865:

By your order the regiment took up our line of march on the deployed as skirmishers during the 29th day of March. 31st of March, at 11 a.m., the regiment was again advanced in front of the brigade as skirmishers, and engaged the enemy t not over seventy-five yards distance from their fort, enabling them to use their guns five yards distance from their fort, enabling them to use their guns until 7 p. m., when I returned to the works occupied by the brigade. April 2, soon after the enemy's lines south of Petersburg were broken I took up the line of march with the brigade. Arrived at Jetersville Station, on the Danville railroad, evening of the 5th instant, and threw up temporary works. 6th instant by your order my regiment again advanced as skirmishers and joined the brigade at evening without any loss. Morning of the 7th by your order my regiment engaged the enemy at High Bridge, across the [Appomattox] River, without any loss. In the latter part of the day skirmished with the enemy near Farmville without any loss. 9th instant, by your order my regiment were flankers on the right of the brigade.

List of casualties: Wounded, March 31, 1865, Lieutenant Mark Hopkins, Company C, and 4 enlisted men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. H. BALDWIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain PARSONS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

