
advance had been. The assault by the Second Brigade me with the same obstacles - heavy slashing, sweeping cross-fire of artillery, and brisk firing of musketry. The attack was made by the Fifth Michigan (Colonel Pulford) and the First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, the men being unable to reach the works of the enemy. The whole division bivouacked in line of battle, protected by breast-works, and forming a complete connection with the Second Division on the right and the First Division on the left.

April 1, about 4 a. m., the division was ordered to resume its position of the previous morning - the Second and Third Brigades along the breast-works on the right of the Boydton road, the Fist Brigade in reserve about sixty yards to the rear. After sunset, however, the First Brigade took again position in line on the left of the Boydton road, the division spreading in single file to the left until it connected with General Madill's brigade, of the First Division. At 10.30 p. m., the line being well established and the pickets thrown forward, an attack was ordered in front of the First Brigade, to find if the enemy was there in force, and should its line be weakened to pierce it. The point of attack being selected three regiments were designated to carry it - the Seventy-third New York (Lieutenant-Colonel Burns), the One hundred and twenty-fourth New York (Lieutenant-Colonel Weygant), and the One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania (Captain F. B. Stewart), the whole under the orders of Lieutenant-Colonel Burns, the ranking officer. The pickets of the enemy were carried successfully, but the moon going down left our men in a complete darkness, under woods obstructed by slashing and unable to find their way any farther. The fire of the enemy having already sufficiently demonstrated that they were there in force the party was withdrawn and returned to the breast-works. The brigade reports speaks in high terms of the credit due to Lieutenant-Colonel Burns, Lieutenant-Colonel Wygant, and Captain Steward for the handsome manner in which the whole operation was conducted. Skirmishing went on, at times fiercely, on different points of the line during the rest of the night.

April 2, at 3 a.m., in compliance with orders from corps headquarters, the Second and Third Brigades resumed their positions on the right and left of the Boydton road, the Fist Brigade extending farther to the left, from the swamp in front of Rainey's house to the Butler house, with from the swamp in front of Rainey's house to the Butler house, with a re-enforcement of 450 men from the First Division, and the support of Third Brigade, Second Division (General Smyth). The movement was completed not without some difficulty, arising from a lively attack of the enemy while the troops were in motion, but before 5 o'clock the three brigades were in position. Between 8 and 9 a. m, some suspicious movement being perceptible in front of the Third Brigade, General McAllister was ordered to feel the enemy's line with one regiment. The Eighth New Jersey Volunteers (Major Hartford) advanced accordingly, and charging under a heavy fire of artillery and musketry, carried the whole line of pits, with 165 prisoners and about 200 muskets. Soon after the guns disappeared from the embrasure the enemy was seen running toward their right, and the Eighth New Jersey Volunteers, advancing on the main works, planted their flag on the redoubts before 10 o'clock, capturing another lot of prisoners. A general advance followed, the division marching along the Boydton road until, having reached the immediate vicinity of Petersburg, the First and Second Brigades were formed in line of battle with the Sixth and the Twenty-fourth Corps, the Third Brigade being kept in reserve, in which disposition the troops bivouacked for the night.

