
was accomplished afterward, but not before we had left again the accuracy of their fire. Emerging from the woods the skirmishers carried a line of light works, weakly defended, the enemy retreating rapidly to another line much stronger, on the crest of a hill, offering every advantage for defense. It required more than a line of skirmishers to dislodge them, and the line of battle having at all points reached the breast-works just captured I ordered it to charge. At the command forward the whole line sprang over the works and rushed through the open ground, under a heavy fire of musketry and artillery, each regiment anxious to be the first to reach the enemy's entrenchments and to plant there it s flying colors. The One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania, the Seventy-third and Eighty-sixth New York, the Fist Maine Heavy Artillery (from the First Brigade), the Seventeenth maine and One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania (from the Second Brigade), emulated each other in the ardor of this attack. The position was carried, with the capture of about 400 prisoners and several battle-flags, and without halting we occupied Deatonsville. By that time, the First Division having come up, I had withdrawn the Fortieth New York from the right to the left of the road. The other regiments of the First Brigade, with the support of the Third Brigade on the left, which had been but slightly engaged. The presence of the Sixth Corps on our left precluded any danger on that side, but the advance was somewhat interfered with at that point by some force of cavalry and a brigade of the Sixth Corps being in our way. The fourth line of breast-works was encountered on a hill beyond, and carried without hesitation, the Fortieth New York capturing there the first piece of artillery from the enemy, soon followed by four others. The First Brigade, which had fought in advance since the morning, was then reformed in the rear, having during the campaign, and according to the report of its commander, captured 1,390 enlisted men, 17 commissioned officers, and during the day 5 pieces of artillery, 28 wagons, 1 limber, 1 artillery guidon, and 3 battle-flags, Enough for the brigade, but not enough, still, for the division. The Second Brigade, having now the lead, charged and carried the fifth line of breast-works encountered during the day, with more prisoner and more wagons captured. About sunset, having advanced through a dense wood, General Pierce found the enemy entrenched on a hill, and was met with a determined resistance. The cause of it soon became evident. The road turned abruptly to the left and ran there parallel to the breast-works which covered it and close in their rear. The rear part of the enemy's train was close by, and their only chance of escape was in the holding of the breast-works. But this last effort was of no avail against the elan of our men, who would not be checked. The works were carried, driving a battery from its position, when General Pierce, seeing his left uncovered, refused it, so as to facilitate his connection with the Third Brigade, advancing at the same time his right, so as to change front facing toward the wagons then in sight. By this time the One hundred and twentieth New York Volunteers (Lieutenant-Colonel Lockwood) had connected with the left of the Second Brigade, which charged at once on the wagons huddled in the ravine on the bank of the creek and captured them, the Seventeenth maine and Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers passing

