
March 30.-We advanced our line a short distance.

March 31.-We crossed the Boydton road, relieving part of the Fifth Corps, and became heavily engaged with the enemy, though with comparatively small loss.

April 1.-The brigade, with the division, moved at 4.30 p. m. from a position near the junction of the White Oak and Boydton roads, and rested near the Butler house until 5 p. m., when we advanced, struck the quarter road, marching down the same about two miles, and bivouacked.

April 2.-The brigade moved at 7 a. m. Were then ordered back, on intimation that the enemy were evacuating their main works. marched through them, following the retreating enemy, and found them in temporary works near Sutherland's Station, South Side Railroad. Charged them and captured about 600 prisoners, and bivouacked near that place.

April 3 to 5.-Continued the pursuit of the fleeing enemy on the Namozine road, and bivouacked near the Danville railroad at 8 p. m. April 5, marching about twenty-four miles.

April 6.-Moved at 5 a. m. toward Amelia Court-House. At 10 a. m. observed the enemy's wagon train, and advanced rapidly in pursuit, chasing them all day. At 5 p. m. the brigade charged, making large captures in prisoners, artillery, wagons, horses, flags, &amp;c., and bivouacked near Monkey Run.

April 7.-Moved at 6 a. m.; crossed the Appomattox River at High Bridge; found the enemy in light works near Cumberland Church. The brigade was ordered to charge them at 5 p. m., but were repulsed, on account of overwhelming numbers, losing heavily in officers and men.

April 8.-Continued the pursuit of the retreading enemy, marching down the Lynchburg road about sixteen miles; bivouacked at 11 p. m. April 9.-At daylight resumed the pursuit of the fleeing enemy. At 11 a. m. came upon the enemy's pickets. The brigade was halted and formed in line, awaiting negotiations of peace. At 2 p. m. again advanced a short distance, but were again halted. At 4 p. m. the welcome news of the surrender of Lee's entire army was announced to the troops.

April 11.-The division moved at 10 a. m. (except this brigade, which remained to guard the surrendered and captured ordnance and ordnance stores) to Burkeville Station. Remained there until 6.30 on the morning of April 13.

April 13.-We moved up the old Lynchburg road, the train arriving at New Store at 6 p. m.

April 14.-Moved at 7.30 a. m. with the train, and arrived at Farmville, Va., at 5 p. m., and bivouacked two miles from that place.

April 15.-Marched at 7 a. m. to Burkeville Station; joined the division about 5 p. m., and went into camp.

April 17.-Colonel John Fraser, One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, assumed command of the brigade, relieving Colonel G. W. Scott, Sixty-first New York Volunteers.

April 18.-Broke camp and moved about one mile and a half, and went into camp near the Agnew house, where we still remain (May 1).

May 1.-In camp near Burkeville Station, Va.

May 2.-Received orders to march at 1 p. m. by direct route to Manchester.

May 5.-Arrived there at 10 a. m.

