
through, crossing the stream, and taking position on the hill beyond. This ended the operations of the day, during which the Second Brigade, according to the report of its commander, had captured 963 prisoners, 5 battle-flags, 1 signal flag, 1 piece of artillery, and about 200 wagons and ambulances.

I would mention here that during the attack of the enemy on the Sixth Corps, the rapidity of our advance having opened a wide gap between my left and that corps, I ordered General McAllister to extend as far as possible his line in that direction. But having gone myself to see the condition of things, and being satisfied that the repulse of the enemy had made it impossible for him to endanger my flank, I had subsequently directed the action of the Third Brigade principally to the support of the Second, and before dark my command was all brought well together.

April 7, followed the pursuit and overtook the enemy in the afternoon. The Second and third Brigades were formed in line on the left of the First Division, the First being kept in reserve and protecting the artillery with three regiments. After skirmishing for some hours with the enemy the division covered its front with breast-works and bivouacked for the night.

April 8, followed the enemy on the road to Lynchburg, the division moving in column through the fields about 1,000 yards on the left of the road until ordered to follow the First Division. Issued rations to the command in the evening, and joined during the night the two other divisions, four miles farther.

April 10 [9], short march. Surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia by General Lee.

During that short but brilliant, decisive campaign, the Third Division, Second Army Corps, has captured over 3,000 prisoners, 9 battle-flags, 1 artillery guidon, 6 pieces of artillery, over 200 wagons and ambulances, carried several portions of the enemy's picket-line in the vicinity of Boydton road, and on the 6th instant stormed six entrenched positions. Such results speak for themselves, and are the best evidence o the excellent behavior and admirable gallantry of the officers and men of this command. I would also claim for them the credit due to the remarkably good spirit with which they endured the fatigue of hard marching and occasionally the privation of food. It seemed like is swallowing the army of General Lee could satisfy their appetites without regard to the regularity of the issue of rations. The list of recommendations for promotion designates officially the officers who particularly distinguished themselves. But I could not conclude without especial thanks to my brigade commanders - Brigadier General B. R. Pierce, Bvt. Brigadier General R. McAllister, and Colonel R. B. Shepherd - for the gallantry and efficiency with which they cooperated to the common work and contributed to the common success. All the officers of my staff have been so uniformly active, intelligent, and brave in the performance of their respective duties, that I could not mention any of them without some injustice to the others. As to the recommendations for promotion among them, having been but a short time in command of the division, I consider it more proper to take no action until I have consulted Brevet Major-General Mott on the subject.

Respectfully submitted.

R. DE TROBRIAND,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel CHARLES A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps.

