
April 4, short march, the men being mostly employed in repairing the road for the passage of the artillery and trains. April 5, resumed the march in earnest and reached Jetersville toward the evening, where the brigade was massed for the night on the extreme left of the position occupied and entrenched by the Fifth Corps. April 6, we moved forward at 7 a. m., and my brigade having the advance, I was just engaging the rear of the enemy's forces, near Salt Sulphur Springs, when Brevet Major-General Mott, having come to the front to give me some verbal instructions, was struck by a bullet in the leg, and carried away from the field, turning over to me the command of the division.

Respectfully submitted.

R. DE TROBRIAND,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Major WILLIAM R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Div., Second Army Corps.

Numbers 69. Report of Colonel Russell B. Shepherd, First Maine heavy Artillery, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,April 17, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the First Brigade, Third Division, Second Army Corps, in the pursuit of the enemy from the morning of the 6th to the 9th instant:

About 9 a. m. the 6th instant I took command of the brigade of the brigade by order of General R. de Trobriand, who had been called to the command of the division. The following disposition of the brigade had previously been made: The One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania and five companies of the Twentieth Indiana were deployed as skirmishers, the remaining five companies in reserve; the Seventy-third and Eighty-sixth New York were thrown out on the left to protect the flank, as there was no immediate connection; the remaining four regiments - the Fortieth and One hundred and twenty-fourth New York, Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania, and First Maine - formed the line of battle, the Fortieth on the right of the road leading westward from Amelia Springs, the One hundred and twenty-fourth in the road, the First Maine and Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania on the left of the road. The skirmish line, connecting on the right with that of the First Division, Second Army Corps, drove the enemy rapidly for two miles or more, capturing prisoners, wagons, &amp;c. the skirmishers having exhausted their ammunition were relieved by the five reserve companies of the Twentieth Indiana and the One hundred and twenty fourth New York. The skirmish line continued to advance for a mile or more till it met the enemy's line of battle posted behind temporary works. Our line of battle immediately charged with the skirmishers, driving the enemy from their works, capturing wagons and prisoners. The skirmish line having again exhausted its ammunition was relieved by the First Maine and sent to the rear to replenish. At this time, about 12 m., the Fortieth New York was transferred to the left of the road, and I was ordered to keep a connection on the right with the First Division, Second Army Corps. This division, through some misunderstanding, moved very slowly, until I reported to General Miles that the skirmishers were nearly a mile in advance. He

