
immediately moved his line forward and no further delay was occasioned. Again the enemy had thrown up temporary works and checked the advance of the skirmishers. The line of battle again charged, driving the enemy from their works, capturing several wagons, 2 flags, 1 piece of artillery, one artillery guidon, and quite a number of prisoners, and during the remainder of the day whenever the enemy checked the skirmishers the line of battle charged, always driving the enemy and capturing prisoners. Meanwhile, the Seventy-third and Eighty-sixth New York were actively engaged on the left, driving the enemy, capturing prisoners, &amp;c. At length their ammunition having become exhausted they were ordered to the rear to replenish, their position being held by a portion of the Sixth Corps charged from the left across the front of the brigade, and by making a left turn came between us and the enemy. I then halted for the purpose of assembling the brigade, which, owing to the large portion (six regiments) that had been deployed as skirmishers, the rapid advance of several miles, and the frequent charges upon the enemy, had become very much scattered. After assembling the brigade I moved in rear of the Third Brigade, Third Division, Second Army Corps, and bivouacked for the night.

To sum up in a few words what was accomplished by the First Brigade, Third Division, Second Army Corps:

April 6, the enemy was attacked directly in ear on the road by which he was retreating and driven several miles. The brigade captured 1,390 enlisted men, 17 commissioned officers, 5 pieces of artillery, 28 wagons, 1 limber, 1 artillery guidon, and 3 battle flags. The conduct of both officers and men throughout the day was excellent; even the recruits, inspired by the gallantry of the veterans, charged with enthusiasm. I cannot make special mention of any without injustice to others, for all behaved with great gallantry.

April 7,, the brigade moved by the flank till about 2 p. m., when a line was formed to support the Second Brigade, Third Division, Second Army Corps. During the afternoon we maneuvered, in connection with the Second Brigade, but was not engaged. The skirmishers thrown out to protect the left flank were engaged for a few moments with the enemy, but suffered no loss.

This brigade took part in no engagement after this date.

Respectfully submitted.

R. B. SHEPHERD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain T. E. PARSONS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Div., Second Army Corps.

Numbers 70. Report of Brigadier General Byron R. Pierce, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,Near Burke's Station, Va., April 15, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the operations from March 28 to April 10, 1865:

At 7 a. m. the 29th ultimo in compliance with instructions, moved from camp near Humphreys Station with the following regiments in

