
my command: Fifth Michigan Infantry (Colonel John Pulford), strength present, 354; First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery (Major Nathaniel Shatswell), strength present, 424; One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers (Lieutenant Colonel William Hobson), strength present, 378; Ninety-third New York Volunteers (Lieutenant Colonel Haviland Gifford), strength present, 281; One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers (Major James Miller), strength present, 630; Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers (Colonel George Zinn), strength present, 489. Following the Second Division, moved down the Vaughan road, crossed Hatcher's Run, and advanced about one mile and half, where I went into position in line on the north side of the road, connecting with the Second Division. Threw up a line of works. At 2 p. m. the Ninety-third New York (Lieutenant Colonel Gifford) and Seventeenth Maine (Lieutenant-Colonel Hobson) were ordered to the front to discover the whereabouts of the enemy. Advancing about three-quarters of a mile, we came upon a line of works held by a few of the enemy's pickets. Deployed a part of the Ninety-third New York Volunteers as skirmishers and charged the works, driving in the pickets, and occupying the works. At 4 p. m. the line of battle advanced and occupied the line just taken. 30th, at 7 a.m. line of battle advanced through a dense thicket, crossing the Dabney Mill road, driving in a few of the enemy's pickets, and occupied another line of works about three-quarters of a mile in advance of the previous one. The skirmish line was advanced about half a mile, finding the enemy in force. The line of battle was advanced a short distance, and threw up a line of works. My position at this time was on the left of the J. Crow house.

At 1.30 a.m. of the 31st, in compliance with orders, moved to the left about three-fourths of a mile and relieved a brigade of the First Division, connecting with General Smyth on right and General McAllister on left, near Boydton plank road. At 1 p. m. received orders from General Mott to charge the enemy's line in my front with two regiments. I ordered Colonel Pulford, Fifth Michigan Infantry, with his regiment and the First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, temporarily commanded by Captain Davis, to advance. Owing to a bend in the run and works of the enemy, my advancing line was enfiladed by the battery in front of the Crow house and the one on the Boydton plank road. I formed them, however, parallel with the enemy's line on the left of the battery in front of the Crow house. The assault was made with vigor at 2.30 p. m., and, I think, would have been a success and the works carped but for the dense slashing, which made it impossible for the men to reach the works. The casualties in this charge were: Fifth Michigan Infantry, 1 commissioned officer and 4 enlisted men wounded; First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, 1 enlisted man killed and 10 enlisted men wounded; One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, 1 enlisted man wounded on picket. At 5 p. m. the brigade moved to the left about 250 yards, crossing the Boydton plank road.

On the morning of April 1 the brigade moved back to the position it occupied on the evening of the 31st ultimo, where it remained during the day. At 9 a. m. of April 2 I received orders to advance two regiments and occupy the works on left of fort in front of Crow house. Ordered Colonel Pulford, Fifth Michigan, with his regiment and the First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, to advance at once. They were soon in possession of the enemy's works, and occupied the forts on the Boydton plank road. The balance of the brigade immediately moved forward

50 R R-VOL XLVI, PT I

