
and occupied the enemy's works and, in compliance with orders from General Mott, moved across Hatcher's Run and up the plank road within a short distance of Petersburg, where I formed on the left of the Sixth Corps, which had formed from their main works across to the canal and Appomattox River. Formed line parallel with canal and Appomattox River at 1.15 p. m. The enemy placed a battery ion the opposite bank of the river in my front and commenced shelling the lines of the Sixth Corps. I at once ordered forward the sharpshooters and drove the battery away. At 4 p. m. moved to the right; formed line of battle facing Petersburg, right resting about 200 yards to right of house formerly occupied by General Mahone as headquarters; threw up a line of works and remained during the night. The casualties this day were 1 enlisted man killed and 7 enlisted men wounded.

April 3, the enemy having evacuated Petersburg we took up the line of march at 8.30 a. m., marching on the River road toward Burke's Station. Many prisoners were picked up during this day's march. Bivouacked at 10 p. m., after marching about twenty miles. April 4, my brigade was employed most of the day in repairing the roads; marched about five miles. April 5, took up the line of march at 5 a. m., crossed the Richmond and Danville Railroad near Jetersville, and bivouacked on the left of the Fifth Corps.

April 6, advanced a short distance, when we came upon the enemy's trains and rear. After crossing Flat Creek near Sulphur Springs, I received order from General Mott to place two regiments on the left of the First Brigade, which was then advancing in line; deploying the Ninety-third New York Volunteers (Lieutenant-Colonel Gifford) as skirmishers, I ordered the Seventeenth Maine (Lieutenant-Colonel Hobson) and the One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers (Major Miller) to from line of battle on the left of the First Brigade, and at the same time supporting the advancing line with the balance of my brigade. Thaw two regiments in line, advancing with the First Brigade, drove the enemy rapidly before them until halted by a temporary line of works erected by the enemy; the halt was but a moment, when the whole line charged, the Seventeenth Maine capturing the battle-flag of the Twenty-first North Carolina Regiment and about 75 prisoners, with a large proportion of officers; the One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania volunteers captured 16 commissioned officers and 199 enlisted men. Lieutenant-Colonel Hobson, Seventeenth Maine, was wounded a short time before the charge, and the command devolved upon Major Mattocks. At this time receiving orders from General De Trobriand, then commanding division (General Mott having been wounded), I formed my brigade in line, relieving the First Brigade, my right connecting with General Miles t the road, with orders to keep the connection; deploying skirmishers, I advanced at once charging every position the enemy took with success. About sunset the enemy made a determined stand behind some slight breast-works on the main road; owing to a bend in the road my brigade was brought parallel with it, and the regiments on the left of my line, being nearest to the enemy, charged them at once, capturing a number of prisoners and driving away the battery, which was then sweeping down the road. I at once ordered forward the regiment (Seventeenth Maine) which was keeping the connection with the First Division, forming the balance of the regiments on its left as it advanced; charged up the rod over the crest of a hill about 200 yards in advance, drove the enemy from their train, which had become huddled in the ravine beyond. Two of my regiments - the Fifty-seventh

