
Pennsylvania Volunteers and Seventeenth Maine - charged through the train and took a position on the hill beyond; the balance of the brigade I halted on the crest of the hill side of the train, which consisted of about 300 wagons. After remaining in this position about one hour received orders from General De Trobriand to halt for the night and place guards on such wagons as were not guarded by the First Division. I placed guards on fifty-six wagons and ambulances. The result of the capture by my brigade this day was, 1 piece of artillery, 5 stand of colors, and 1 signal flag, a large number of prisoners, and nearly the entire train of the enemy. The casualties this day were: 1 commissioned officer and 9 enlisted men killed; 6 commissioned officers and 60 enlisted men wounded and 32 enlisted men missing.

April 7, moved at 6 a. m., crossing the Appomattox at High Bridge; left one company of the Seventeenth Maine at the bridge to guard guns captured. Advancing about three miles from the bridge met the enemy in force; formed in line of battle, right connecting with General McAllister; skirmished with the enemy until after dark. Casualties this day, 1 commissioned officer killed and 11 enlisted men wounded.

April 8, at daylight found the enemy had gone; marched about fourteen miles in pursuit on road to Lynchburg. April 9, marched until about 12 m., when we were halted, owning to the conference with the generals commanding the two armies. At 4 p. m. received the gratifying intelligence that the Army of Northern Virginia had surrendered.

I cannot speak in too high terms on the conduct of my officers and men; all behaved with great gallantry and to my entire satisfaction. Where all did so well it is difficult to particularize acts of gallantry. I would make special mention, however, of Colonel John Pulford, commanding Fifth Michigan Infantry; Colonel George Zinn, commanding Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel William Hobson, commanding Seventeenth Maine (wounded on morning of 6th); Lieutenant Colonel Haviland Gifford, commanding Ninety-third New York; Lieutenant Colonel Joseph H. Horton, commanidng One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers; Major Nathaniel Shatswell, commanding First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery; Major James Miller, commanding One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers; and Major Charles P. Mattocks, commanding Seventeenth Maine Volunteers - for the admirable manner in which they handled their regiments at all times.

My thanks are also due to Lieutenant Charles W. Forrester, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain George A. Winans, acting aide-de-camp; Captain Frank. B. Stewart, brigade inspector; Captain George W. Verrill, acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Silas K. Pierce, aide-de-camp; and Lieutenant William H. Allen, acting commissary of subsistence - members of my staff - for the prompt manner in which my orders were delivered and for valuable assistance rendered me on the field.

Attached please find nominal list of casualties during the campaign; also report of prisoners of war, pieces of artillery, battle-flags, and materials of all kinds captured by my brigade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. R. PIERCE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain AUG. W. KEENE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Second Army Corps.

