
April 1, at 5 a. m. the brigade was ordered to occupy the line held on the afternoon of the 31st of March. After dark we again returned to the line in the woods held the previous night. Heavy skirmishing was entertained all night and on the 2nd of April, at 3 a. m., orders were received to withdraw to the position occupied the previous day, when the enemy opened a most galling fire of artillery and musketry on our line. A general attack on the enemy's lines having been ordered on the same morning, General Mott directed me, at 8 a. m., to send out one regiment to attack the enemy's picket-line in our immediate front. The Eighth New Jersey Volunteers (Major Hartford) was selected accordingly, accompanied by myself and staff. On reaching our picket-line the enemy opened a terrific fire of musketry, shells, and canister upon us. The regiment steadily advanced and succeeded in capturing the enemy's whole picket-line in our front, 165 prisoners, and 200 muskets, the enemy's artillery fire still continuing, which was, however, soon silenced by our men puking a well-directed fire of musketry into their main line. While the Eleventh Massachusetts and Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, whom I had ordered up for support of the Eighth New Jersey, advanced, the enemy was observed to withdraw their guns and to leave. In the subsequent charge on the enemy's main works another lot of prisoners was captured, and Major Hartford succeeded in first planting our flag on the enemy's redoubts at 9.30 a. m. The whole command behave most gallantly in this charge, and our men were seen grappling with the enemy, who in some places offered the most stubborn resistance. This over, the command moved with the rest of the division toward Petersburg, in front of which the army bivouacked for the night, and where news was received of the evacuation of Petersburg and Richmond.

On April 3, orders having been received to pursue the enemy, we left, in connection with the division, from in front of Petersburg, taking the River road toward Danville railroad, which we crossed on the morning of the 5th. Marching on the left of said road we passed Jetersville on the morning following (April 6), when the enemy's line was discovered in our front, the Eleventh Massachusetts Volunteers (Lieutenant Colonel C. C. Rivers), on the left of the division skirmish line, rendering valuable service. The balance of the brigade was formed at once in line of battle, marching forward for several miles - Second Brigade (General Pierce) on our right, and the Sixth Corps on our left. At 3 p. m. a charge was ordered, which was executed in a very handsome style. We succeeded in driving the enemy from our front, and the One hundred and twentieth New York volunteers (Lieutenant Colonel A. L. Lockwood) and Eleventh Massachusetts Volunteers (Lieutenant Colonel C. C. Rivers), with the rest of the brigade, materially assisted in capturing the enemy's wagon train and quite a number of prisoners. On the morning of the 7th crossed the Appomattox at High Bridge, part of which the enemy had fired previous to our arrival. Further progress of the fire was soon checked by the pioneers. About two miles from Farmville the enemy again made a stand, and skirmishing was sustained all day. During the night from the 7th to the 8th the enemy had left our front, we rapidly pushing him toward Appomattox Court-House, where, at 3 p. m. of the 9th, official intelligence was received that General Lee had surrendered the Army of Northern Virginia. Troops were then consisted to their camps, and remained so for the 10th. The Eighth New Jersey was there ordered to escort the ammunition train back to Burkeville, and the

