
rest of the brigade having followed the division to Farmville on the 11th, was ordered to act as a rear guard to the artillery train, with which we arrived near Burkeville on the 14th instant, at about 4 p. m.

During this short and eventful campaign all officers and men of this command have exhibited such commendable bravery and endurance that it is almost impossible to make a distinction. I cannot, however, omit to mention particularly the brave and gallant conduct of the following officers and to recommend them for brevet promotion: (1) Lieutenant Colonel John Schoonover, Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, and (2) Captain John P. Finkelmeier, assistant adjutant-general of this brigade, to date from January 21, on which date both officers have been recommended for brevet promotion in just appreciation of their valuable services during last summer's campaign. They have since, on the 5th of February, near Hatcher's Run, as well as throughout this campaign, fully sustained their previous reputation, and are so well known throughout the corps for their gallant and efficient conduct in the field, that I deem it my duty to renew the application for their well-earned promotion. (3) Major H. Hartford, Eighth New Jersey Volunteers, for his gallantry exhibited on the morning of the 2nd of April. (4) Colonel Francis Price, commanding Seventh New Jersey Volunteers; (5) Lieutenant Colonel A. L. Lockwood, (6) Major W. F. Scott, (7) First Lieutenant and Adjt. E. McC. Russell, One hundred and twentieth New York Volunteers; (8) Captain Charles F. Gage, Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers - for their bravery exhibited on all occasions during the campaign. (9) First Lieutenant W. Plimley, acting aide-de-camp on my staff, for his brave conduct during the morning of the 2nd of April with Major H. Hartford.

Subjoined I have the honor to submit nominal list of casualties* in this command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. McALLISTER,

Brevet Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Captain A. W. KEENE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Second Army Corps.

Numbers 72. Report of Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel John G. Hazard, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, commanding Artillery Brigade.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, SECOND ARMY CORPS,April 19, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders from headquarters Second Corps, dated March 28, 1865, I directed Captain J. W. Roder, Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery, and Captain George K. Dakin, M, First New Hampshire Artillery, to report to Brevet Major-General Miles; Captain J. Webb Adams, Tenth Massachusetts Battery, and Lieutenant William B. Westcott, B, First Rhode Island Artillery, to Brigadier-General Hays; and Captain A. J. Clark, B, First New Jersey Artillery, and Lieutenant James A. Manning, Eleventh New York Battery, to repot to Brevet Major-General Mott, commanding Third Division. The commands broke camp March 29, at 6 a. m., the

---------------

*Embodied in table, p.584.

---------------

