
Second Division, Brigadier-General Hays, leading. After crossing Hatcher's Run about half a mile, Battery B, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, Lieutenant William B. Westcott, was put in position on the right side of the road facing toward Dabney's Mill; the Third Division, Brevet Major-General Mott, moved out to the left of Second Division; the batteries went into park on the Vaughan road, near the Brown house; First Division, Brevet Major-General Miles, with its batteries, moved to the left and connected with Third Division, its batteries went into park on the Vaughan road, near the Brown house; First Division, Brevet Major-General Miles, with its batteries, moved to the left and connected with Third Division, its batteries accompanying it. The corps remained in this position during the night; the batteries unhitched and unharnessed.

Thursday, March 30, the First and Third Divisions advanced their lines, the left of the First Division crossing the Boydton plank road and connecting with right of Fifth Corps. Captain Roder's battery (K, Fourth U. S. Artillery) was placed in position on the left of First Division, near Raineys house, and covering the left of the line; M, First New Hampshire Artillery, was put in position at junction of Boydton plank road and Quaker road, a little to the left of Captain Roder's battery and covering the left front of First Division, which crossed the Boydton plank road near Rainey's house nd about 700 yards in advance of old position. Battery B, First New Jersey, and Eleventh New York Battery still in park near the Brown house. About 7 p. m. Battery B, First rhode Island, moved into position near the Crow house, on the Second Division front. tenth Massachusetts Battery moved up in a field near Dabney's Mill and parked. Batteries remained in these positions all night.

Friday, March 31, batteries in same position, firing occasionally in reply to the enemy, when about 12 m. the enemy commenced a spirited attack on the right of the Fifth Corps. Captain Clark, Battery B, First New Jersey Artillery, and Lieutenant Manning, Eleventh New York Battery, were hurried up, and Captain Clark's battery put in position in front of Rainey's house, covering the new line of First Division, which was being advanced to check the enemy, who had succeeded in driving the right of Fifth Corps from its position. Eleventh New York Battery relieved a battery of Fifth Corps on the crest to the right of Rainey's house; immediately upon Eleventh New York Battery taking position they opened fire and succeeded in silencing the enemy's reach orchard battery. The First Division succeeded in checking and afterward in driving the enemy to his main line of works, and establishing a new line upon the ground thus occupied. At 9 p.m. Captain Clark's battery was put in position was put in position on this new line, about one mile and a half in advance of his previous position; remained until 12 p. m., when the battery was withdrawn and parked near Boydton road at 3 a.m. At 11 p. m. K, Fourth U. S. Artillery, and Eleventh New York Battery changed position, a smooth-bore battery being found more effective in the position on the line occupied by Eleventh New York Battery changed position, a smooth-bore battery being found more effective in the position on the line occupied by eleventh New York Battery; Tenth Massachusetts Battery was moved from filed near Dabney's Mill, and put in position on the right of B, First Rhode Island Artillery, at Crow's house; at dark this battery was withdrawn and moved to extreme left of line and parked near Rainey's house. During the day K, Fourth U. S. Artillery, and M, First New Hampshire Artillery, succeed in silencing and keeping quiet the enemy's artillery, which was in a large work on the Boydton road.

Saturday, April 1, early in the morning, Battery B, First Rhode Island Artillery, in position at Crow's house, engaged the enemy's battery,

