
which was a small redoubt. At 6 p.m. the right section was advanced about 300 yards, and threw up covering for its men. About 4 p. m. Battery B, First New Jersey Artillery, was put in position again near Rainey's house. With the exception of Battery B, First Rhode Island Artillery, the batteries were not engaged.

April 2, at 4 a. m. the Tenth Massachusetts Battery, Captain Adams, took position on the Boydton plank road, on the right of Captain Dakin's battery, and at 7 a. m. engaged the enemy. About daylight the enemy opened upon Battery M, First New Hampshire Artillery; his fire was replied to by that battery and the Tenth Massachusetts Battery until 9 a.m., when it was observed that the enemy was evacuating the works. A reconnaissance was sent out under General McAllister, the batteries covering the movement. Captain roder's battery opened on a small work that the infantry were about to charge; he succeeded in driving the artillery out, when our troops took possession. At this time it was found that the enemy was evacuating his entire line from Hatcher's Run to the Boydton road. Mott's division was ordered to advance, and Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery, and Eleventh New York Battery were assigned to move with it, which they did, occupying the enemy's works, and afterward moving by way of plank road toward Petersburg. Captain Clark's battery and M, First New Hampshire Artillery, were ordered to follow down the enemy's line to White Oak road, and repot to General Miles, who was assisting Major-General Sheridan's command. Battery B, First Rhode Island Artillery, was brought up to the plank road and ordered, together with Tenth Massachusetts Battery, to follow, and report to General Hays, Second Division; Battery B, First New Jersey Artillery, and M, First New Hampshire Artillery, by order of General Miles, occupied a position near the road, and shelled a piece of woods that was supposed to cover the enemy's cavalry. The batteries continued firing until the enemy was forced to leave his works and retreat. During this time Captain Roder's battery and Eleventh New York Battery had marched within two miles of Petersburg, where Captain Roder's battery was put in position and opened fire on the enemy, who was attempting to establish an entrenched skirmish line. the distance being so great, little could be accomplished, and when the division formed line of battle, the battery was withdrawn and put in position on a high knoll to the right, where it remained all night.

April 3, the Third Division, accompanied by its batteries, moved from Petersburg, via River road, to near Wells' Church, where it joined the First Division and marched to Coleman's house. Through some misunderstanding the Second Division, followed by its batteries, moved from Wells' Church to near Petersburg, and then back from Petersburg to the Coleman house, where they joined and camped with the corps.

April 4, corps started at 6 a. m., batteries following the divisions, and marched to near the Jones house, and encamped for the night.

April 5, corps moved at 1 a. m., batteries following their divisions, and took the Namozine road; followed this road four miles, and took a road leading to the right toward Jetersville; following this road to Jetersville,

