
crossed the Danville railroad, and took position on the left of the Fifth Corps. All the batteries were put in position on the line excepting one section of the Tenth Massachusetts Battery.

April 6, corps moved toward Amelia Sulphur Springs, where we came up with the enemy's wagon train. M, First New Hampshire Artillery, was put in position, and opened on the train; Captain Roder's Battery and Tenth Massachusetts Battery also shelled the train. These batteries continued moving with the advanced line, shelling the enemy every time he took position, until we came up to him in a strong position, trying to cover the crossing of his train over Sailor's Creek. Captain Clarks' and Captain Dakin's batteries were put in on the right of Third Division, and opened fire on two of the enemy's batteries, causing them to withdraw hastily. Captain Roder's battery was put in position on the left of Third Division and opened on the enemy's batteries also. These batteries assisted materially in the capture of a large train at Sailor's Creek by causing the enemy's batteries to cease firing. Encamped for the night near Sailor's Creek.

April 7, moved at 6.30 a.m. cross Sailor's Creek to High Bridge, where the Tenth Massachusetts Battery, M, First New Hampshire Artillery, and B, First Rhode Island Artillery, were placed in position and opened fire on the enemy's retreating columns; also upon a party who were trying to destroy High Bridge. The enemy son after retreated, leaving a large number of guns, &amp;c. The batteries continued the march on the right of Farmville, about four miles, to Price's farm, where the enemy were found strongly entrenched. On the approach of the head of our column the enemy opened a lively artillery fire. Dakin's and Clark's batteries were put in position and succeeded in silencing the battery.. The enemy were found so strongly posted in was thought necessary to put more artillery fire. Dakin's and Clark's batteries were put in position and succeeded in silencing the battery. The enemy were found so strongly posted it was thought necessary to put more artillery in position. Roder's battery was brought up and put on the right of Clark's battery was brought up and put on the right; Battery B, First Rhode Island Artillery, was placed in position on the Third Division line. During this time one section of B, First New Jersey Artillery, Lieutenant Rhein's, was moved to the left about 800 yards, on a crest on the right of Third Division; Tenth Massachusetts Battery was put in position on the right of Lieutenant Rhein's section; M, First New Hampshire Artillery, was advanced about 700 yards, to the new line erected by the First Division. After dark Roder's battery and Eleventh New York Battery were placed on and to the right of the old stage road, on the line of the Second Division. The other batteries remained in their positions all night.

April 8, corps moved at 6 a. m. to New Stone, and halted about 10 p. m.; resumed the march in the direction of Clover Hill; marched four and a half miles and bivouacked for the remainder of the night.

April 9, continued the march at 9 o'clock; at 11.30 a. m. halted. Clark's battery was put in position to cover skirmish line of First Division pending the result of the conference of Lieutenant-General Grant and General Lee. This battery remained in position and the other batteries halted in the road until 4 p. m., when the announcement was made that the Army of Northern Virginia had surrendered. The batteries then went into camp. April 10, commands remained in camp all day. April 11, batteries moved together, under my command, back on the same road they advanced to New Store and camped for the night. April 12, command moved at 6 a. m. by a plantation and from thence by the plank road to Farmville; parked on the hills near Farmville. April 13, started at 6 a. m.; camped near Rice's Sation, on the Danville railroad. April 14, started at 6 a. m. and marched to Burkeville; arrived here at 2 p. m.; went into camp and have remained here since.

