
From the nature of the arm of the service, no trophies have fallen into our hands as pledges of gallantry; but officers and men have performed every duty promptly and faithfully, and I claim for the artillery of the corps a share of the laurels so nobly earned by it.

I would make special mention of Bvt. Major T. Fred. Brown, B, First Rhode Island Artillery; Bvt. Captain J. W. Roder, Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery; and Captain A. Judson Clark, Battery B, First New Jersey Artillery, for their valuable assistance; also Lieutenant A. M. E. Gordon, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant John G. Deane, acting aide-de-camp, for the promptness with which they performed their arduous duties.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. HAZARD,

Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Major J. N. CRAIG,

Asst. Adjt. General, Artillery Hdqrs., Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 73. Report of Captain J. Webb Adams, Tenth Battery Massachusetts Light Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH MASSACHUSETTS BATTERY,Near Burkeville Station, Va., April 15, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of March 29, at 6 a. m., as per order from Artillery Brigade headquarters, I reported with my battery to Brigadier-General Hays, commanding Second Division, Second Corps, and by him was placed in position to the left of my old camp, near the Tucker house, covering the right of the Second Division. At 4 p. m. was ordered to move my battery up to the field near Dabney's Mill; did so, and was at once ordered back no my old position. Was not engaged this day. No loss of men or horses. March 30, moved up to the field near Dabney's Mill, and remained in park during the day and night. No loss of men or horses. March 31, at 1 p. m. moved up to the Crow house and went into position on the right of Battery B, First Rhode Island Artillery, on the line of the Second Division. At dark drew out and marched to the left to near Hatcher's Run, and went into park in rear of headquarters Artillery Brigade. No loss of men or horses. April 1, remained in park all day. No loss to-day. April 2, went into position at 4 a. m. on the boydton plank road, on the line of the Third Division, Second Corps. Engaged the enemy at about 7 a. m., expending ninety-seven rounds of ammunition, when it was discovered that the enemy was retreating, and our troops advanced (my battery marching with the Second Division) toward Petersburg. A little past noon started for Wells' Church with the Second Division, where we arrived at dark, and encamped for the night. No loss to-day. April 3, marched at 6 a. m. with the Second division toward Petersburg. When about half way there halted for an hour or more; then turned back and started for Lee's retreating

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties (here omitted) shows 11 men wounded and 1 man missing. The loss in horses was 10 killed, 6 wounded, 59 died, and 16 abandoned.

---------------

