
army on the road leading to Lynchburg. Marched till past midnight; then parked in a field by the roadside. The roads very heavy and the horses much fatigued. To-day three horses died; lost no men.

April 4, continued our march with the Second Division, and at dark went into park for the night. No loss of men or horses. April 5, harnessed and hitched in at 1 a. m., but did not march till 6 a. m.; rived at the railroad at Jetersville at 4 p. m. and went into park at dark; one section was placed in position on the left of the Fifth Corps, where it remained during the night; not engaged. No loss of men to-day; one horse died. April 6, marched at 6 a. m. The Second Division having taken the woods to the right of the road the battery marched in rear of the batteries of the Third Division. When near Amelia Springs went into position on the left of the road and shelled the enemy's train across the creek, expending thirty-seven rounds of ammunition. Soon after continued our march and parked for the night near Sailor's Creek. No loss of men; two horses died to-day. April 7, marched at 6 a. m. in rear of the batteries of the Third Division. Before noon reached High Bridge, on the Lynchburg railroad, where I went into position, and shelled the enemy as they retired on the other side of the river, expending sixteen rounds of ammunition. Continued our march, and at about 3 p. m. went into position on the line of the First Division, near Farmville, and shelled the enemy's rear guard, expending thirty-four rounds of ammunition. Remained in position all night. No loss of men; two horses died to-day. Received nine new horses.

April 8, drew our of position and marched at 6 a. m., in rear of the batteries of the First Division, about one mile beyond New Store; went into park, and unhitched and unharnessed, but immediately got an order to harness and hitch in and report to General Batlow commanding Second Division, Second Corps, and with that division marched till midnight, when I parked the battery, and unhitched and unharnessed. No loss of men; four horses died to-day. April 10, remained in camp all day. No loss of men; two horses died to-day. April 11, marched at 10 a. m. on our return to Burkeville Station, the batteries marching together, mine being the fourth battery; arrived at New Store at 7 p. m. and encamped for the night. Roads very heavy. No loss of men; five horses died to-day. April,13, resumed our march at 6 a. m., and arrived at burkeville Station at 2 p. m., and went into camp near the railroad, where the battery now remains. No loss of men; four died to-day.

Recapitulation: Horses died, 34; rounds of ammunition expended, 184; rounds ammunition abandoned, 201.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,l

J. WEBB ADAMS,

Captain, Commanding Tenth Massachusetts Battery.

Lieutenant A. M. E. GORDON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General Artillery Brigade, Second Corps.

