
the stage road to the crossing of Rowanty-Creek and seize the crossing. General Yres will be followed immediately by the pontoon

train, and that does not cross until after the bridge is laid will mass and park. As soon as the crossing is gained a double bridge will be laid, and General Ayres will proceed (as soon as the two batteries can cross) to the junction of the stage road with the Vaughan road, at Miss Hargrave's, keeping the column stretched out on the road after crossing, so as to lose no time in so doing.

2. General Ayres' batteries will be immediately followed by General Griffin's division.

3. The remaining artillery and entrenching tools will follow General Griffin.

4. General Crawford will follow the artillery.

5. The train designated to accompany the troops and the bridge train not already in use will follow General Crawford's division, and with these will be sent all the pack animals and servants, and they will not be allowed to accompany the troops.

6. The command in this order will proceed as rapidly as possible, via J. Hargreave's and J. Kidd's, to Dinwiddie Court-House, promptly attacking the enemy if found opposing the advance, and keeping well closed up to the front. The troops must by all means be kept in the ranks of their respective companies, and any man may be justifiably shot who leaves without permission from division commander.

7. Headquarters of the corps will be with the advance division.

8. The trains authorized to accompany the corps across Rowanty Creek are - one medical wagon; for each division; ambulance train (one-half the ambulances); ammunition wagons sufficient to carry twenty rounds per man; one wagon for each brigade for sales to officers; forage for one day must be carried in the spring wagons or on the horses.

9. The remaining wagons will be parked under the direction of the corps quartermaster near W. Perkins', and after the day's operations are completed, on application at corps headquarters, other supplies can be brought up at night if needed.

10. As a battle is expected the command must be as little encumbered as possible and prepared for action so that nothing will have to be sent to the rear when the fighting begins.

11. The musicians will be left in camp to sound reveille as usual, not at the hour of march, but as sounded under ordinary circumstances. Commanders are requested to give the matter their particular attention. After the usual hour of reveille has been sounded the musicians can join their respective commands.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

After the above order was issued the following was received from General Meade's adjutant-general:

[Extract.]

2. Major-General Warren will move at the hour designated, but will not proceed beyond the junction of the Vaughan and Quaker roads till notified that Major-General Humphreys is in position, or nearly so. On being so notified Major-General Warren will advance on the Boydton plank road, taking position with his right in connection with General Humphreys and reserving sufficient force to refuse and guard his left. Major-General Warren will also advance skirmishers, well supported; and in case the enemy is found outside his works attack and endeavor to force him back to them. Corps commander are notified the cavalry will be occupied on the left of the Fifth Corps.

About 8.25 p. m. March 28 I also received the following dispatch from General Meade's chief of staff:

General Humphreys is not certain that he can reach the Quaker road. He is instructed to place his right within supporting distance of General Ord and to form his line and determine his left by his formation of his corps. He is informed that you will probably move up the Quaker road to connect with his left after being informed of his position.

It will be noticed that these two dispatches differ about the road I was to move upon - the once saying the Boydton road, and the other the probability of the Quaker road. As General Humphreys was not to move till 9 a. m. it was obvious that, unless I was greatly impeded by the enemy, I should reach the junction of the Vaughan and Quaker roads

