
Third Brigade, First Division.

March 29.-Broke camp, crossed Hatcher's Run, formed in line of battle; One hundred and twenty-sixth [New York] deployed as skirmishers.

March 30.-Resumed march in line of battle; One hundred and eleventh [New York] relieved the One hundred and twenty-sixth as skirmishers at 11 a. m. At noon met the enemy, drove them across Boydton plank road; line of battle advanced to within view of the enemy; constructed breast-work and bivouacked.

March 31.-Changed positions at about 1 p. m.; advanced, charged the enemy with much enthusiasm, driving [him] in confusion; captured one battle-flag and many prisoners.

April 1.-Changed position at 11 p. m.; the One hundred and eleventh ordered to reconnoiter and find if an assault on the enemy's works were practicable; found it doubtful, and withdrew; marched to the left until 4 a. m. April 2; rested.

April 1.-Changed position at 11 p. m.; the One hundred and eleventh ordered to reconnoiter and find if an assault on the enemy's works were practicable; found it doubtful, and withdrew; marched to the left until 4 a. m. April 2; rested.

April 2.-Returned three miles; again advanced and found the enemy; advanced under a fire of artillery and musketry; the enemy falling back before our skirmishers. Continued march toward South Side Railroad, driving the enemy, causing them to destroy caissons, baggage, &amp;c. Again found the enemy in strong position; charged their works, and [were] repulsed. General Madill wounded, and sent to the rear. General MacDougall assumed command; a second charge ordered; again repulsed. General MacDougall wounded, but retained command. Artillery placed in position; enemy leave the works; follow in pursuit and take possession of railroad.

April 3.-Continued the pursuit.

April 4.-Repairing roads.

April 5.-Assisting the advance of train and artillery.

April 6.-Continued attacks on enemy's rear; charged on a battery which covered the retreat of the enemy's train. Captured some prisoners, drove the enemy, captured 140 wagons, and bivouacked.

April. 7.-Moved in view of High Bridge; found the enemy strongly entrenched; Thirty-ninth and Fifty-second [New York] deployed as skirmished: drove the enemy; advanced across the river; took up line of march toward Farmville; found the enemy again in position; bivouacked.

April 8.-Enemy evacuated during the night. Continued the advance; One hundred and eleventh; One hundred and twenty-fifth, and One hundred and twenty-sixth as skirmishers.

April 9.-Received the news of General Lee's surrender, which was received with great enthusiasm. Returned [11th] by way of Farmville, with banners flying, to our present position near Burkeville Junction, Va.

May 2.-The brigade broke camp with the corps near Burkeville Station, Va., and moved over the direct route to Manchester, Va.

May 5.-Arrived at that place about noon, resting one day.

May 6.-The command moved across the James River in the morning, passing through Richmond, and encamping for the night near Yellow Tavern, from which point, after marching easy marches of from fourteen to eighteen miles a day, moving by way of Fredericksburg, Va., the column arrived opposite Washington, D. C., on the afternoon of the 13th, and the command went into permanent camp near Bailey's Cross-Roads on the morning of the 15th, where the troops still remain.

