
position here. I have sent my escort out toward R. Bousseau, and they have not yet returned. General Griffin's division is now moving up the Quaker road, as directed, and I will send Crawford after him and dispose of the troops according to developments and as directed in the dispatch just received.

General Meade himself joined me at the junction of the Vaughan and Quager roads, and we proceeded with the troops north to Gravelly Run. Here we found the bridge broken, and the stream too deep to be easily forded. The skirmish line, however, got over and engaged a small force of the enemy truing to stop our advance, but they were speedily driven back and followed up.

The pioneers of General Griffin's division commenced at once to construct a bridge, which, in the usual time, they rendered practicable though somewhat difficult for artillery.

During the afternoon Major Van Brocklin added here a pontoon bridge. The north bank of Gravelly Run presented an excellent position for the enemy to dispute the advance up the Quaker road, and breast-works had been thrown up for that purpose. But had they been occupied in force possession of them could have been gained bay flank and rear attack by the Second Corps, a division of which might have soon been disposed for that purpose.

My advance, soon after crossing Gravelly Run, passed the left flank of the Second Corps, which, moving up in extended line through difficult woods, did so more slowly. The resistance of the enemy gradually increased till, in the vicinity of Wilson's and Arnold's old saw-mill, between 3 and 4 p. m., his line of battle was met, and a sanguinary encounter took place. The road was found seriously obstructed with fallen trees, but the pioneers labored with energy and a way was soon cleared, and a 12-pounder battery was brought up and opened on the enemy.

Captain Horrell, commanding my escort, was sent out on the road which leaves the Quaker road one mile north of Gravelly Run and goes to the plank road, and engaged the skirmishers on the enemy's right, and General Crawford was ordered to from behind Captain Horrell's skirmishers and on General Griffin's left.

The fire of General Griffin's division was, however, so effective that the enemy gave way in his front, and the enemy fell back everywhere on his line, leaving about 100 prisoners and the dead and wounded in our hands. Our loss was about 370 killed and wounded; among the former was the lamented Major Maceuen, of the One hundred and ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers. The brave General Chamberlain, of Maine, was slightly wounded and his clothes quite riddled with bullets; General Sickel, of Pennsylvania, was also wounded. At the time of writing this, I have not received General Griffin's report. I, however, quote the following from General Chamberlain's report of First Brigade, First Division:

On reaching Gravelly Run Major-General Griffin directed me to form my brigade in order of battle and advance against some works which were in sight on the opposite bank. Crossing the run, I sent Major E. A Glenn, commanding second battalion of the One hundred and ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, forward with his command as skirmishers,and formed my lines, with Bvt. Brigadier General H. G. Sickel, One hundred and ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, on the right, and Colonel G. Sniper, One hundred and eighty-fifth New York, on the left of the road. Major Glenn pushed forward vigorously and drove the enemy's skirmishers out of their works without any difficulty, and succeeded in pushing them through the woods and as far as the Lewis house. The enemy making considerable show of force in the edge of woods beyond. I halted Major Glenn and brought my line of battle up to supporting distance. Here I was directed to halt. In a short time I was ordered by General Griffin to resume the advance. There being at that time no firing of any consequence on the skirmish line

