
Fourth Brigade, First Division.

February 5.-The brigade, under command of Bvt. Brigadier General John Ramsey, received orders to march in the afternoon, moving toward Hatcher's Run. The command formed in line of battle near the Tucker house, connecting with General McAllister's brigade of the Third Division, Second Army Corps, on the left, and the right resting near as swamp. The brigade remained in this position, and at the same time throwing up earth-works, until the 9th, when it returned to its formed camp. The command was not engaged, yet still held an important part of the line. All this without the loss of an officer or a man.

Since that time no movements have taken place.

[March.]-During the month the command remained undisturbed in camp until the morning of the 25th, when marching orders were received, and the command was held in readiness to move. At 3 p. m. the brigade advanced and moved under cover of a wood one mile in advance of our main line of works. At 5 p. m. the brigade was ordered forward, and formed line of battle with the remainder of the division, connecting with Third Brigade on the right and Second on the left. The fighting was quite spirited, we remaining on the defensive, and was very favorable to our forces. In the night we withdrew to our camp, and resumed the regular of camp duty.

March 29.-The brigade again moved, and, advancing on the Vaughan road a short distance, filed to the right and formed line of battle near were made and the line extended farther to the left until this command extended to the Boydton road.

March 31.-The brigade was ordered farther to the left, and at 1 p. m., the Third Division of the Fifth Corps being driven back, I was ordered to assume the offensive, and became warmly engaged with the enemy and drove them about two miles, but not without severe loss. The night closed the contest, and the command was ordered to fortify the advanced position and be prepared for future operations.

April 1.-Marched from in front of Petersburg to join the forces under General Sheridan.

April 2.-Joined General Sheridan at daylight. Entered the enemy's works and participated in the action near the South Side Railroad. Captured 2 guns and 1 battle-flag.

April 3, 4, and 5.-Marched to overtake the retreating enemy.,

April 6.-Came in sight of the enemy, but were not actively engaged.

April 7.-Participated in the action near Farmville.

April 8.-Resumed the march.

April 9.-Were present at the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia. Rested until the 11th instant, when we marched toward Burkeville, where we arrived May 5.

May 6.-Entered Richmond, and marched from there, via Fredericksburg, to Alexandria.

May 13.-Arrived near Alexandria, Va., and encamped near Fourth-Mile Run, where we still remain.

[June.]-No change of locality of camp during the month.

6 R R-VOL XLVI, PT I

