
The following is the dispatch from General Sheridan:

CAVALRY DIVISION, March 30, 1865-7 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Pickett's division is developed along the White Oak, its right at Five Forks, and extending toward Petersburg. After the small force at Five Forks was driven back, no attempt was made to follow me, and the enemy did not appear to be in strong force there. Pickett's division is on the White Oak road, his right extending as far as Five Forks. Prisoners report the enemy's cavalry concentrated at Five Forks. I have, however, no positive information of this. General Merritt pickets nearly up to the White Oak road, and is encamped at J. Boisseau's house.

P. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

About 11 p. m. I also received the following dispatch from General Griffin:

I regret to say that I have been unable to form any definite opinion as to the practicability of an assault the enemy's works. My skirmish line was unable to press forward, as they encountered a skirmish line of the enemy in superior numbers, and to-morrow things may be changed.

At 11 p. m. I informed General Webb of the contents of General Griffin's dispatch in the following, which also acknowledged the receipt of his dispatch, as requested:

Your dispatch referring to General Ayres being re-enforced and dispatch of General Sheridan's received. General Griffin reports that he has been unable to form any definite opinion as to the practicability of making an assault.

Colonel Locke, my adjutant-general, at 11 p. m. March 30, issued the following order:

General Ayres will re-enforce his advance at daylight to-morrow morning with his whole division. General Crawford will hold his command ready to follow General Ayres. General Griffin, as soon as relieved by General Humphreys' troops, will move down the Boydton plank road to where General Ayres now is.

It will be seen now that General Crawford was still in position on the boydton plank road, as I had wished to use him where necessity might require, either to the right or left. The point at which General Ayres' headquarters were was the point designated for Griffin's division. I directed the advance of General Ayres to be re-enforced at daybreak, as it could not well be done in the night without a great consumption of time and loss of rest to the men; and, beside that, non account of the darkness and bad road, and want of knowledge of the position, the troops would not be in as good order to meet an attack at daybreak as if fresh and moving up to the point. No attack at daybreak was made by the enemy, nor any attack ordered for me to make, as intimated might be in General Webb's dispatch of 11 p. m.

At 12.10 a. m. the following dispatch was received from General Webb, time of writing not given:

General Griffin will be relieved as soon as possible. General Humphreys will be instructed to report to you when the division starts.

And at the same time the following from General Hymphreys:

I am directed to relieve General Griffin with Miles' division, and take up the line now held Griffin, and take up the return on Boydton plank road. I am to send a brigade from Mott's division to support the left of the line after Griffin leaves. I have given the necessary orders to carry this out as soon as possible. Can you send me some description of the position held by Griffin, indicated in the instructions I have received, as above stated?

To this last Colonel Locke, adjutant-general, sent the following reply, at 12.25 a. m. March 31:

In reply to your dispatch of 12 p. m. General Warren having retired, I have the honor to state that General Griffin occupies a line of works from the left of your

