
many of them took part in the engagement there. There Colonel Sergeant, of the Two hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, of Ayres' division, was mortally wounded.

Sever fighting at the creek now ensued and the advance of the enemy completely checked.

I had early in these occurrences sent word of them to General Humphreys, on my right. He at once ordered up General Miles' division on my right, and a brigade of this advance gallantly against the enemy, but was at first driven back.

The temporary result of this attack by the enemy was such as different portions of our army had experienced on many former occasions in taking up new and extended lines, but our loss was not great, and was probably quite equaled by the enemy.

The prospect of fighting the enemy outside of his breast-works, instead of having to assail him behind his defenses and through his obstructions, was one sufficiently animating to our hopes to more than compensate for the partial reverse we had sustained, and preparations were at once instituted for an advance with the whole corps.

At 1 p. m. I made the following report to General Webb:

General Ayres made an advance with a small force at 10 a. m., which the enemy drove back and follow up in heavy force, compelling both Ayres and Crawford to fall back on Griffin, and, of course, in much confusion. Griffin's troops held the enemy at the run, west of the plank road. General Miles' division (a brigade of it) afterwarded attacked the enemy and were forced back on my right. My skirmish line in front of Griffin (most of it) has advanced on my left. I am gong to send forward a brigade, supported by all I can get of Crawford and Ayres, and attack, swinging on our right. Arrangements are being made for this, and it will take place about 1.45 p. m., if the enemy does not attack sooner.

Owing to some difficulties in crossing the run this advance, which was thus made with the whole corps available, took place a little after the time specified above.

General Humphreys' division, under General Miles, also advanced against the enemy about the same period on our right, but his movement was not made in close connection with mine. While my corps was moving the following dispatch, written 2.50 p. m., was received from General Webb:

General WARREN:

The following is received from General Humphreys:

"From the prisoners taken it is apparent that the left of Pickett's division is opposite the center of Miles. An advance of the Fifth Corps, swinging round, must necessarily take Pickett on his right flank. Pickett is the right of their lines.

"A. A. H.,

"Major-General."

Since Miles is already well forward from your right flank the general commanding considers that that must be secure. Miles is ordered to take the enemy's works, supported by his own corps. You will see the necessity of moving as soon as possible.

This dispatch evidently implied a want of promptness in my movements, and yet my troops had been urged and moved as fast as possible. The information about Pickett's division was erroneous, and was worse than useless to me. According to subsequent information his division was at the time some three or four miles away driving General Sheridan. Nor did Miles assault the enemy's breast-works as the dispatch led me to infer he would. General Chamberlain's brigade led my advance, and finding the opposition less than we expected, General Crawford's division was brought to my right, so as to be in sup-

