
Second Division.

February 5.-In the morning, in compliance with orders received, the division advanced on the Vaughan road toward Hatcher's pickets were found strongly posted; they were soon driven in, and, after a short engagement, a new line was established.

February 11.-The division remained in camp inactive until the 25th instant, at which time the enemy made a partially successful assault on our line in front of Petersburg, when, with other portions of the corps, it participated in a successful movement on the enemy's line near Hatcher's Run.

March 26.-Having accomplished its object, the command returned to camp at night.

March 29.-Again broke camp, and took an active part during the remainder of the month in the operations against the enemy in the vicinity of Hatcher's Run.

April 2.-In the morning, in conjunction with the army, broke the lines of the enemy, carrying a redoubt and capturing two guns. Rapid pursuit of the enemy was kept up and frequent skirmishing occurred until April 9, when the enemy surrendered near Appomattox Court-House, Va.

April 11.-In the morning the troops moved on the return march.

April 14.-Arrived at Burkeville. Remained in camp at Burkeville, Va., until 30th instant.

Third Brigade, Second Division.

February 4.-In the evening this command received orders to be in readiness to move at 7 a. m. on the morning of the 5th. At the hour designated the command was under arms, and soon after moved with the column on the Vauhan road to Hatcher's Run.

The command participated in the skirmishes at the run, and also aided in repulsing several charges made by the enemy in front of the Third Division of this corps on the afternoon of the 5th instant.

February 11.-In the morning the command was assigned to its present position on the Vaughan road in reserve camp.

[March.]-This command remained inactive during the month until the enemy assaulted our line in front of Petersburg, when, with other portions of this corps, it participated in an attack on the enemy's left, near Hatcher's Run, March 25. Having accomplished the desired object, the command was ordered back to camp the night of the same date.

March 29.-In accordance with orders the command broke camp and took an active part in the operation near Hatcher's Run during the remainder of the month.

Third Division.

February 5.-Moved to Hatcher's Run; First and Second Brigades took position on the western side.

February 6.-First and Second Brigades returned to the eastern side of the run and took position near the Tucker house.

