
February 9.-Troops took position now hold, extending from Battery B to Armstrong's Mill; headquarters at Claypole house, on Squirrel Level road.

April 1.-Remained in position on Boydton plank road.

April 2.-Occupied the enemy's line of works, and moved forward within two miles of Petersburg. Took position in line, connecting Sixth and Twenty-fourth Army Corps. Ordered to report to Major-General Wright, commanding Sixth Corps.

April 3.-Petersburg being evacuated, moved down the South Side Railroad, rejoining the Second Corps.

April 4.-Marched seven miles toward Jetersville.

April 5.-Marched the enemy at Amelia Sulphur Springs; made six assaults upon him at different points, driving him from his position each time, capturing guns, colors, wagons, and prisoners.

April 7.-Met the enemy near Farmville, Va.; made no attack.

April, 8 and 9.-Marched to Clover Hill. The Army of Northern Virginia surrendered.

April 11.-Marched to New Store.

April 12.-Marched to Farmville.

April 13.-Marched to Burkeville Junction.

April. 30.-Left camp at Burkeville, Junction.

May 2.-Left camp at Burkeville, Va.; marched to Amelia Court-House.

May 3.-Marched to Haxall's.

May 4.-Marched to Manchester.

May 6.-Marched through Richmond to Yellow Tavern.

May 7.-Marched across Pamunkey River at Littlepage's Bridge.

May 8.-Marched to Hawkins' Creek.

May 9.-Marched to Ta River.

May 10.-Marched through Fredericksburg to Oder's Store.

May 11.-Marched to Tusculum.

May 12.-Marched to Webster house.

May 13.-Crossed the Occoquan at Wolf Run Shoals and marched to Annandale.

May 15.-Went into camp at Bailey's Cross-Roads, Va.

[June.]-No change of station during the month.

First Brigade, Third Division.

April 1 and 2.-This brigade participated in the attack on Petersburg (on the left flank), and, with the remainder of the corps, pursued the enemy until the surrender of Lee, capturing many prisoners, material of war, and wagons, especially April 6. After the surrender of Lee, the brigade returned to near Burkeville, where [April 30] it now is.

General Mott (commanding division) having been wounded on the 6th, General de Trobriand assumed command of the division, and Colonel R. B. Shepherd, First Maine Heavy Artillery, assumed command of the brigade. The Fortieth New York Volunteers now garrisons Farmville.

Second Brigade, Third Division.

February 1.-This brigade was encamped a short distance outside of the rear line of works and about 1,500 yards west of the Weldon railroad.

