
returned with the reply that my instructions had been sent me. At 7 p. m. they reached me, and were as follows:

Major-General Warren, commanding Fifth Army Corps, is relieved from duty, and will report at once for orders to Lieutenant-General Grant, commanding Armies of the United States.

The Fifth Corps in this battle captured 3,244 men, with their arms, 11 regimental colors, and 1 four-gun battery, with its caissons. It lost in killed and wounded 634 men, of which 300 were in General Crawford's division, 205 in General Ayres' division, and 125 in General Griffin's division.

The conduct of my command, officers and men, in these last four days' operations was characterized by unqualified obedience to orders and resolve to do their duty as it was required of them. Their exertions are deserving of highest commendation.

If it be not too invidious to mention the names of a few where many deserve to be, I will here speak of my division commanders ad of my staff, as these were immediately subordinate to me. Bvt. Major General S. W. Crawford commanded my Third Division, Bvt. Major General Charles Griffin my First Division, and Bvt. Major General R. B. Ayres my Second Division, and performed their duties bravely and ably, meeting the varying requirements of their commands on the battle-field with judgment and energy, and always striving to carry out the orders they received, according as the nature of the ground and dispositions of the enemy's forces permitted or required. My staff did not fail me in one instance, in the multifarious, arduous, and dangerous duties of their positions. The following is an enumerations of them: Bvt. Brigadier General C. S. Wainwright, chief of artillery; Colonel H. C. Bankhead, inspector-general; Colonel F. Locke, adjutant-general; Colonel A. J. Thomas, chief quartermaster; Colonel D. L. Smith, chief commissary of subsistence; of Surg. T. Rush Spencer, medical director; of Major William T. Gentry, U. S. Army, commissary of musters; Dr. Charles K. Winnie, U. S. Army medical inspector; Captain George B. Halsted, assistant adjutant-general. My aides-de-camp were: Major E. B. Cope, Captain James W. Wadsworth, and Captain Gordon Winslow, and in the operations herein reported Captain William H. H. Benyaurd, U. S. Engineers. Captain Napoleon J. Horrell, Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry, one of the most brave and energetic of officers, commanded my personal escort, consisting of about forty men.

In nearly every one of the numerous battles we have had with the enemy, my command had to lament the loss of some of its bravest and best, and the battle of Five Forks was not an exception to our former experience. Bvt. Brigadier General Frederick Winthrop, colonel of the Fifth New York Volunteers, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, was mortally wounded at the head of his command while making a successful assault. His conduct had always been distinguished for gallantry of action and coolness of thought, and no one carried with him more of the confidence and inspiration that sustains a command in trying scenes. His countrymen have lost no one of their soldiers who more deserves a lasting place in their memory.

In this battle I claim to have done my duty myself, and I believe a perusal of this report and of those of my subordinates will show that the opinion of General Sheridan, that I did not exert myself as he thought I should, must have arisen from some misapprehension or misconception of my efforts. His implied charge of neglect, in stating that I failed to reach Dinwiddie Court-House by midnight, as expected, the lieutenant-general must now know is unjust, for it was impossible for my troops to get there before daybreak. I trust, therefore, that I may

