
yet receive some unequivocal acknowledgment of my faithful services at the battle of Five Forks, that will forever free me from opprobrium even among the superficial.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. K. WARREN,

Late Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding Fifth Army Corps.

Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Armies of the United States.

ADDENDA.

PETERSBURG, April 13, 1865.

Major-General WARREN:

GENERAL: I beg leave to submit statement of the operations of the Fifth Army Corps on April 1, 1865, at the battle of Five Forks, as seen by me.

About 8 o'clock on the morning of the 1st I started out from headquarters to join you on the White Oak road, near the Dabney house. I reached there t 8.30 a. m. and found the troops in motion. They marched in a southwest direction, and in one mile came to the Dinwiddie Court-House road, near Doctor Boisseau's; then proceeded down this road to its junction with Ford's road. This point was reached by the First and Third Division about 9.30. The Second Division had come up by the Boydton plank road the night before, and was massed half a mile beyond. The cavalry was passing on Ford's road toward Five Forks. About 12 o'clock the corps was ordered to move in the direction of the Five Forks, the First Division leading, followed by the Third, then came the Second. In two miles and a half the head of the lumen turned to the regiment and ordered to the vicinity of Gravelly Run Church. The troops were then formed in the following order: The Third Division on the right of the road leading north by the church and crossing the White Oak road, the Second Division of the left, and the First in reserve. There each division commander was furnished with a plan and written explanation of the movement about to be made. About 4 o'clock, all being ready, the lie was ordered to advance. In one-fourth of a mile it crossed the White Oak road, wheeled to the left perpendicular ot the road. This movement brought the First and Third Division in the woods, and as the line advanced they went too much to the right ad lost the connection with the Second division. After the line had passed through the open fields to the edge of timber, the Second Division became engaged with the enemy's skirmishers. You sent me to General Griffin with an order to bring his division toward the White Oak road, by the left flank, in order to be in better supporting distance of the Second, also to inform General Crawford that he was going somewhat too far to the right. I found Generals Griffin and Crawford to the right of the burned chimneys, and gave them your orders. At this time the enemy had a line of skirmishers running from the left of their line of works by the Sidney [Sydnor] house toward Hatcher's Run. You came to where General Griffin was, and then returned to the White Oak road, where I joined you a few minutes after. This part of the enemy's line where you were had been carried by the Second Division, and you sent me again to General Griffin with the information and with an order to push forward as fast as possible. He had already reached the Sidney [Sydnor] house and was pushing forward across the field. I delivered your order and gave him the direction

