
to advance, which was about west. Bartlett's brigade struck the enemy on the flank behind their works and drove them steadily before him. Crawford's division had gone into the woods on the extreme right. It soon reached the Ford road north of Five Forks. Wheeling and advancing south the came up in rear of the enemy's line, at the same time cutting off their retreat in this direction, and capturing wagons, artillery, and a large number of prisoners. The enemy, finding themselves pressed in front, flank, and rear, made but a feeble resistance. The line then swept on down the enemy's works, carrying everything before it, capturing prisoners by hundreds. The brigades that had been in reserve followed up by the flank on the White Oak road. I joined you again at the Five Forks, and remained with you through the evening. The enemy having been driven out of their entire line of works, two miles long, were followed up until dark, and the troops were withdrawn to the large fields at Willisbury house, where they encamped for the night.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. COPE,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

Numbers 75. Reports of Bvt. Major General Charles Griffin, U. S. Army, commanding Fifth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Nottoway Court-House, Va., April 29, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command while serving under Major-General Sheridan:

On the morning of April 1 the First Division, Fifth Army Corps, which was then holding a position on the White Oak road near the Dabney house, was ordered by Major-General Warren to move at 5 a. m. in the direction of Dinwiddie Court-House, and report to General Sheridan. After moving something over three miles the cavalry division under General Devin was met, when the First Division was halted and its presence soon after reported to the major-general commanding. Major-General Warren arrived between 9 and 10 a. m., and the troops remained massed at this point until about 2 p. m., when they were moved to within a mile of Five Forks, when the corps were placed in line of battle-the First Division being on the right flank, formed in three lines, with one brigade on its right in echelon; the Third Division, Brevet Major-General Crawford, in the center; and the Second Division, Brevet Major-General Ayres, on the left. Immediately after the order to advance against the enemy was given (who was supposed to be entrenched at the Five Forks), with instructions to the division that after it had crossed the road it was to change direction to the left, so as to strike the enemy in flank or rear. After advancing about a mile and finding nothing in front save a few cavalry vedettes, and there being heavy volleys of infantry to the left and rear, the division was halted, and upon a personal examination it was found that the enemy was moving up the White Oak road. Immediately the division was faced by the left flank, and marched some 400 or 500 yards, when its direction as to the line of battle was changed perpendicularly to the left and moved down on a double-quick upon the

