
enemy, who was visible some three-quarters of a mile distant moving up the White Oak road. The enemy's rifle-pits were taken, together with about 1,500 prisoners and several battle-flags. Here a little confusion resulted from the troops exchanging shots with the cavalry who were coming up in front of the enemy's works. After a few moments' delay the line of battle was again changed perpendicularly to the White Oak road and the enemy's works. This change brought the First Division on the left of the Third. The command was then pushed forward along the rifle-pits, capturing prisoners and driving the enemy before it, until it advanced to the Five Forks, where the cavalry and the infantry met, capturing five guns, several caissons, and the Third Brigade, First Division, taking on the Ford road a train of wagons and ambulance belonging to Picket's division. About this point Major-General Sheridan in person directed me to take command of the Fifth Corps and push the enemy down the White Oak road. I immediately directed General Ayres and the other commanders to push forward with all possible dispatch, and the pursuit was kept up until after dark, when the command was halted, the cavalry having pushed to the front out of sight and hearing of the infantry. Soon after this an order was received from the major-general commanding to withdraw the corps some three miles and camp near Gravelly Run Church. The corps went into bivouac about 11 p. m.

On the morning of April 2 the command moved down the White Oak road some two miles and massed near the Dabney house, where it remained until about 11 a. m., when it returned to the Five Forks, and moved across Hatcher's Run on the Ford road, and across the South Side Railroad to the Cox road, driving the enemy's cavalry vedettes before it and campaign at night at the Williamson house at the intersection of Namozine road with the River road. The Third Division, under General Crawford, was detached at this point and directed to co-operate with General Merritt, who was confronting the enemy near the crossing of the Namozine River.

April 3, the command moved along the River road to the Namozine Creek, thence across to the ford taken by the cavalry, bivouacked for the night in the vicinity of Deep Creek. April 4, the command moved at 5 a. m., via Dennisville, and before dark was found in line of battle below Jetersville, with its left extending across the Danville railroad. During the night a line of rifle-pits was constructed in front of the corps. The command remained in this position during the whole of the 5th instant. At 7.40 p. m. April 5 an order was received from the major-general commanding directing me to report for orders to Major-General Meade, commanding the Army of the Potomac.

On the morning of the 2nd, at the Five Forks, between 3,000 and 4,000 stand of arms and several caissons and wagons were destroyed, there being no transportation for them.

I desire to call to the especial attention of the major-general commanding Brevet Major-Generals Ayres and Bartlett, Brigadier-General Chamberlain, and Brevet Brigadier-General Gregory, for their efficiency and promptness in executing my orders and in the management of their commands in the battle of the 1st instant; also Lieutenant-Colonel Richardson, commanding Seventh Wisconsin Veteran Volunteers, who came under my personal observation; he handled his regiment with great ability, and displayed great energy in pushing his command after the enemy.

The number of prisoners captured from the enemy and received by the provost-marshal of the corps on the 1st instant was 3,244, including

