
February 5.-Broke camp at 7 a. m. and marched on the Vaughan road to Hatcher's Run. Participated in the engagement on that day. During the night the enemy fell back.

February 6.-In the morning a new line works, extending form the left of the former line to Hatcher's Run, was laid out, and the brigade was engaged in constructing this line on the 6th, 7th, and 8th, making abatis and slashing the timber in front of it.

February 9.-The brigade went into camp about 1,500 yards in rear of the line and near the Vaughan road, where it has since remained, doing picket, fatigue, and camp duties.

March 1.-The brigade occupied the same camp as on February 28,. viz, in rear of union line, near Humphreys' Station.

Remained in camp doing picket, fatigue, and camp duty until the morning of the 29th, when it broke camp and marched on the Vaughan road about one mile beyond Hatcher's Creek.

March 30.-The brigade marched in line of battle toward the Dabney Mill road. Halted for the night near the mill.

March 31.-Advanced in line of battle until we met the enemy near the battle-ground of October 27, left on brigade resting near the Boydton plank road.

April 1.-Brigade lay in line of battle (in the morning in same position as on March 31) perpendicular to crossing the Boydton road where the fight of October 27 occurred.

April 2.-About 8 a. m., the enemy having been driven from their works in our front, the brigade moved by the flank up the plank road to near Petersburg. Skirmished with the enemy until near dark. Remained for the night in line around the house formerly occupied by General Mahone as headquarters.

April 3.-Marched about fifteen miles in pursuit of the enemy on river road in direction of Lynchburg.

April 4.-Marched about five miles. Brigade employed in corduroying road.

April 5.-Marched about fifteen miles, striking Danville railroad, where we encamped.

April 6.-Marched at 6 a. m. Skirmished with the enemy, capturing wagon train, one piece of artillery, small arms, 7c., at Sailor's Creek, where we remained for the night.

April 7.-Marched about fifteen miles in direction of Lynchburg.

April 9.-Marched to Clover Hill, where General Lee surrendered to General Grant.

April 10.-Remained in camp.

April 11.-Marched back to New Store.

April 12.-Marched to Farmville.

April 13.-Marched to Burkeville, where we have since remained, doing camp and fatigue duty.

Third Brigade, Third Division.

February 4.-Broke camp near the Halifax road, and joined the division in the expedition to Hatcher's Run on the 5th.

February 5.-During the engagement with the enemy in the afternoon this brigade took up line of battle on left of Vaughan road and repulsed loss to them.

The new line having been formed, the command remained quiet in camp in rear of the breast-works near the Vaughan road for the rest of the month.

