
the vicinity of Ligontown Ferry, meeting with no opposing force, save small detachments of cavalry, and capturing about 300 prisoners and many wagons. The distance marched this day was thirty-two miles.

April 7, moved at 5 a. m., in obedience to instructions, for Farmville, via Rice's Store. The head of the column arriving near High Bridge, orders were received, at 9.30 a. m., to pass in rear of the Sixth and Second Corps and move with all possible dispatch to Prince Edward Court-House which point was reached about 7.30 p. m., marching about twenty miles.

April 8, the corps marched toward the Lynchburg railroad, in obedience to the following order--
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Farmville, April 7, 1865. (Received headquarters Fifth Army Corps 11 p. m.)

General MEADE:

Order the Fifth Corps to follow the Twenty-fourth, at 6 a. m., up the Lynchburg road, the Second and Sixth to follow the enemy north of the river.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

Striking it at Prospect Station about 12 m., thence following the Twenty-fourth Corps toward Appomattox Court-House, bivouacking the next morning about 2 a. m. within about two miles of the above place, having marched a distance of twenty-nine miles. The march from Prospect Station was very slow and tedious, the road being obstructed by the repeated and long halts of the Twenty-fourth Corps.

April 9, the corps moved at 4 a. m., reaching General Sheridan's headquarters, near Appomattox Court-House, about 6 a. m. Very soon after it was reported that the cavlry were heavily engaged and hard pressed. The Twenty-fourth Corps was moving out when the Second Division, under General Ayres, moved on parallel line rapidly toward the firing. A message was received from General Sheridan, through his aide, Captain Martin, that the enemy was pressing back the cavlry. General Ayres immediately pushed forward his division at a double-quick, and deployed the One hundred and ninetieth and One hundred and ninety-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, under Colonel Pattee, as skirmishers, they being armed with the Spencer rifle, and the rest of the division in two lines of battle. The First Division, under General Bartlett, came up on the right, and formed two lines of battle, with the One hundred and fifty-fifth Pennsylvania, a portion of the One hundred and ninety-eighth Pennsylvania, and the One hundred and eighty-fifth New York Volunteers as a skirmish line. All immediately moved forward and attacked the enemy, pushing him back, and driving both his infantry and artillery from the hills westward through the town, taking a number of prisoners, several wagons, caissons, and limbers. A portion of the skirmish line had entered the town, being strongly supported by our lines of battle, when a message was received from General Sheridan that hostilities would be suspended, as General Lee was about to surrender.

Although a battle was expected at this point, and orders had been carefully given by staff officers for the divisions to keep well closed up, through some unaccountable mistake or neglect on the part of the commander of the Third Division it failed to follow the column, and did not move until an officer had been specially dispatched for it to move up, and did not reach its proper position until after hostilities for the day had ceased.

