
sent to the depot hospital at City Point, by rail from Humphreys' Station. The daily report of hospitals for the 26th shows the number requiring treatment in the general hospital; those sent subsequently were unable to march, sick in quarters, &amp;c. On the 28th the hospital of the Artillery Brigade, at Parke's Station, was closed, the hospital trains brought up and parked with the division hospital trains near Cummings' house. All necessary preparations for the campaign had been made; field companions in every regiment filled; the ambulance boxes filled with supplies of hard bread, sugar, and coffee, in addition to the articles required to be carried in them; surplus medical property turned in at City Point; and as large an amount of supplies obtained for the different field hospitals as the reduced and too limited transportation admitted. On March 29 the corps broke camp before daybreak. The flying field hospital accompanying the command consisted of one-half the whole number of ambulances, carrying hospital tent-flies, one medicine wagon for each division, each one carrying two extra operating tables, and five hospital wagons for each division, carrying all the hospital tents, blankets, rations, clothing, &c. The remaining ambulances, brigade supply wagons, and medicine wagons joined the general corps train. The corps, with five batteries, marched down the stage road, crossing Rowanty Creek at the Perking shouse, near which the trains were parked. From this position, after halting some time, the troops moved up the Quaker road and to Lewis' farm, near the junction of Boydton plank and Quaker roads. The First Division encountered the enemy. The hospitals were established near the old Quaker Church, on the Quaker road. Supplies in ambulances and train brought up by permission of the general commanding. Rain commenced about dark, and a violent storm continued all night and next day (30th), rendering the roads terrible, and the movements of the ambulances were extremely difficult. It being necessary to remove al the wounded to Humphrey's Station with as much rapidity as practicable, and all the capital operations having been performed, the surgeons of other divisions uniting with those of the First Division in expediting these operations, the ambulance train of the Fifth Corps, aided by twenty ambulance belonging to the Second corps, were started for Humphreys' Station at 7 a. m. March 30, accompanied by pioneers of the First Brigade, Second Division, Fifth Army Corps, aided by twenty ambulances belonging to the Second corps, were started for Humphreys' Station at 7 a. m. March 30, accompanied by pioneers of the First Brigade, Second Division, Fifth Army Corps, to assist in clearing the road. During the afternoon a portion of our line was attacked; the losses in our command falling almost entirely upon the First Division.

March 31, the entire corps was engaged upon the White oak road, and one-half the number of ambulances present were constantly occupied in transporting wounded, after their wounds had received necessary attention, from the hospital at Quaker Church to the railroad station at Humphreys'. Each train was placed in charged of a medical officer, assisted by attendants, supplied with stimulants, dressings, l&c. The wounded were all fed before leaving the hospital, and such cases as needed blankets supplied.

During the night (31st) the Second Division moved down the Boydton plank road toward Dinwiddie, followed next morning by the First and Third Divisions by another road leading in the same direction. In the afternoon the battle of Five Forks was fought. The hospital was established at the Methodist Church. Owing to the terrible condition of the roads, rendered almost impassable by the long, violent storm and the passage of infantry and cavalry, the flying hospital was not fully established before midnight. Owing to the same reason and the number of hours required to convey the wounded in ambulances from Quaker

