
Church to Humphreys' Station the hospitals still existed, and, the supply trains having been mired in attempting to follow the command, no empty wagons could be obtained for additional transportation.

April 2, six rebel wagons captured the previous day were sent with slight cases to Quaker Church, and at 11 a. m. sixty-six ambulances, loaded with wounded, were sent from the Methodist Church hospital to Humphreys' Station, orders having been received to send no more wounded to Quaker Church hospital. Only a sufficient number of medical officers had been left at this hospital Only a sufficient number of medical officers had been left at this hospital to provide for the daily wants of the wounded until they could be shipped to City Point, as all the operations had been performed, and thirty-five ambulances had been left to convey them to the station. This was so far accomplished during the afternoon that the remaining wounded were all sheltered in the house, in charge of one medical officer, with three days' rations and supplies, and the tents that had been left brought up to Methodist Church, where the rest of the train had been parked. The troops to-day occupied Sutherland's Station, on the South Side Railroad. The wounded were also being shipped from Methodist Church to the railroad until the morning of the 3rd, when the remaining wounded at Methodist Church, with the whole hospital train, marched, via White Oak, Claiborne, and Namozine roads, to Sutherland's Station, where a hospital was established of fourteen tents, medical officers, attendants, with three days' rations and supplies, and the wounded left, and the train followed the command, but the troops camped on the 3rd on Namozine road, near Deep Creek, and, marching with greater rapidity than I have ever seen marches made, attended with the terrible condition of the roads, to separate them from the flying hospital train, which, placed in the rear of the corps, and afterward cut off by troops of another corps, was pushed forward as rapidly as circumstances would admit.

April 4, troops marched on Namozine road, then to Jetersville; total distance, twenty miles. April 5, corps at Jetersville. Entrenchments were thrown up, expecting an attack from the enemy, and positions were selected for the hospitals. In the afternoon the hospital train arrived and went into park, having been thrown twenty-four hours in rear of the command. April 6, marched at 6 a. m., nearly to Amelia Court-House, then, via Farmville and Deatonsville, to within five miles of High Bridge, on Appomattox River, marching twenty-nine miles. April 7, marched to Prince Edward Court-House, eighteen miles. April 8, marched through Prospect Station, along Petersburg and Lynchburg Railroad, to within seven miles of Appomattox Court-House, and meeting the enemy. The Abbitt house was at first selected for a field hospital, but few cases, however, were received, as overtures were made on the part of the enemy forte surrender of his entire force. The corps remained in camp until the 15th of April at Appomattox Court-House, when the troops commenced marching back, camping at night at Pampin's Station. April 16, march resumed to Farmville, over exceedingly bad roads. April 17, corps marched to Sandy River, eight miles from Burkeville, and sites selected for the different division hospitals near the troops. April 20, command moved to Nottoway Court-House, and was distributed along the line of the South Side Railroad, from a point between Burkewille and Nottoway to beyond Sutherland's Station.

The division hospitals were all in exceedingly eligible sites for hospitals: First Division stationed at Wilson's Station; Second Division and Artillery Brigade near Nottoway Court-House; and the Third

