
Division hospital at Blacks and Whites-each being as near the center of it respective division as practicable, and where the sick can be placed upon the cars when it is desirable to send them to the depot hospital.

In the above memoranda I have presented as succinct an account of the movements of the corps and of the hospitals as practicable. The daily reports of the hospitals heretofore forwarded present the number of wounded admitted for treatment during the campaign. The large number admitted, the terrible condition of the roads, and rallied changes in the position of the troops, rendered it necessary, or rather compelled the existence of two field hospitals during the earlier part of the campaign, or at Quaker Church during the conflict of the 28th [29th] of March to the 31st, inclusive, and the engagement of the 1st caused the establishemen of the hospital at Methodist Church. The few remaining at Quaker Church were finally sent off from Warren's Station, and the wounded in the last depot (Methodist Church) brought up to Sutherland's Station as soon as the movements of the army rendered it practicable, and a hospital temporarily established there by order of Surgeon Ghiselin, medical director, and from thence they were sent to Petersburg. I can say from personal observation during the different engagements that all the wounded were removed from the field where the Fifth Corps fought, and only one case was in reality left, and he (Lieutenant-Colonel Farnham) would have undoubtedly died, if at that time an attempt had been made to send him to the depot hospital; he was left at the Moody house, with supplies, and I hear has subsequently been taken to Petersburg.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. K. WINNE,

Asst. Surgeon, U. S. Army, Medical Inspector, Fifth Army Corps.

Colonel T. A. MCPARLIN,

Surgeon, U. S. Army, Medical Director, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 77. Report of Bvt. General Charles Griffin, U. S. Army, commanding First Division.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,April 29, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the troops under my command from the 29th of March to the 9th of April, 1865, inclusive:

In compliance with orders from corps headquarters, dated March 28, the First Division broke camp, on the morning of the 29th at 5 a. m., linear the crossing of the Vaughan road and Hatcher's Run, moving on the stage road to the crossing of the Rowanty; thence to a position near the Chappell house, about two miles from Dinwiddie Court-House. About 12 m. instructions were received from General Warren to return to the Quaker road and to move down it in the direction of Boydton plank. Immediately after crossing Gravelly Run General J. L. Chamberlain, with the First Brigade, having the advance, et the enemy's cavalry and infantry and steadily drove them before him, the force constantly increasing until reaching a point known as the Lewis house, where out troops were met by a portion of Johnson's and Andersons'

