
For the movement of the troops under my command from the 1st to the 5th instant, inclusive, I respectively refer to my report to Major-General Sheridan, herewith inclosed.*

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 78. Report of Brigadier General Joshua L. Chamberlain, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.

CAMP OF FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,

April 24, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders just received, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the First Brigade of this division from the 29th of March to the 9th of April 1865:

The brigade broke camp on the morning of the 29th ultimo and marched at 6 a. m., bay way of Arthur's Swamp and the old stage road and Vaughan road, toward Dinwiddie Court-House; turning to our right, we went into position near the Chappell house. Soon after this we returned to the Vaughan road and moved up the Quaker road in a northerly direction. On reaching Gravelly Run Major-General Griffin directed me to form my brigade in order of battle and advance against some works which were in sight on the opposite bank. Crossing the run, I sent Major E. A. Glenn, commanding the second battalion of the One hundred and ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, forward with his command as skirmishers, and formed my lines, with Bvt. Brigadier General H. G. Sickel, One hundred and ninety-eighth Pennsylvania, on the right, and Colonel G. Sniper, One hundred and eighty-fifth New York, on the left of the road. Major Gleen pushed forward vigorously and drove the enemy's skirmishers out of their works without any difficutly, and succeeded in pressing them thrugh the woods and as far as th elewis house. The enemy making considerable show of force in the edge of woods beyond, I halted Major Glenn and brought my line of battle up to supporting distance. Here i was directed to halt. In a short time I was ordered by General Griffin to resume the advance. There being at that time no firing of any consequence on the skirmish line I brought my line of battle up to that point, reformed it on the buildings, re-enforced the skirmishers by a company from the One hundred and eighty-fifth New York, and commenced a rapid advance with my whole command. The skirmishers reached the edge of woods before the firing became at all severe. I was exceedingly anxious that the troops should gain the cover of the woods before receiving the shock of the fire, but th obstacles to be overcome were so great that this could not be fully accomplished, and my men were obliged to gain the woods against a heavy fire. They advanced, however, with great steadiness and drove the enemy from their position and far into the woods. It was not long, however, before another attack was made upon us, evidently by a greatly superior force, and we became completely enveloped

---------------

*See p. 838

---------------

