
[March.]-Remained in camp near Hatcher's Run, participating in the affair of March 25 near the Tucker house, where, after a stubborn resistance on the part of the enemy, we succeeded in taking and retaking the enemy's picket-line in our front.

March 29.-Broke camp, and moved with the rest of the division to the left near the Boydton plank road.

March 31.-Made a gallant charge on the enemy's works to develop their strength.

April 2.-Attacked and captured the enemy's picket-line where the Boydton plank road crosses the White Oak road, and afterward occupied his main works and advanced to Petersburg.

April 3 to 5.-Pursued the enemy.

April 6.-Came up with him at Amelia Springs. Skirmished with him all day, and at night succeeded in forcing him to abandon his wagon train.

April 7 and 8.-Continued the pursuit; also on the 9th until 8 a. m., when near Appomattox Court-House the surrender of Lee was announced and the troops ordered to make camp.

April 11.-Were ordered to Burkeville, and arrived there on the 14th. April 13 and 14, acting as rear guard to the Artillery Brigade. Made camp on the 14th, where the command remained during the rest of the month.

May 2.-The brigade started from Burkeville Station with the Second Corps.

May 6.-Passed through Richmond.

May 15.-Arrived near Bailey's Cross-Roads.

May 23.-Passed in review at Washington.

[June.]-Remained quietly in camp, near Bailey's Cross-Roads, Va., during the month.

Artillery Brigade.

[February.]-The movement to and engagement at Hatcher's Run occurred between the 5th and 8th of this month. Only two batteries of this brigade-Tenth Massachusetts and K, Fourth United States-participated.

[March.]-In the engagement on the 25th four batteries of this brigade were engaged: Tenth Massachusetts Battery; K, Fourth U. S. Artillery; M, First New Hampshire Artillery; and B, First New Jersey. Six batteries of this brigade are on detached service, with Artillery Reserve; C and I, Fifth U. S. Artillery; Fifth Pennsylvania Artillery; G, First New York Artillery; Twelfth New York Battery; Third New Jersey Battery; and Sixth Maine Battery.

FIFTH ARMY CORPS.

[January.]-The corps has remained in its camp between the Halifax road and Jerusalem plank road, no movement having taken place during the month.

February 5.-The corps moved from its camp between the Halifax road and the Jerusalem plank road in the morning, i obedience to orders from the major-general commanding Army of Potomac, taking part in the actions of the 5th, 6th, and 7th, as Rowanty Creek and near Hatcher's Run, it being now [March 6] in camp near the letter place.

[March.]-The corps remained in its camp near Hatcher's Run up to 6 a. m. on the 25th.

