
Numbers 79. Report of Bvt. Brigadier General Edgar M. Gregory, Ninety-first Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS,April 18, 1865.

I have the honor to make the following report of the action of the brigade under my command in the recent campaign commencing March 29, 1865:

The Second Brigade, agreeable to orders, left camp near Humphrey's Station, Va., at 5.30 o'clock on the morning of the 29th ultimo, preceded by the First Brigade, First Division, Fifth Army Corps. We crossed Rowanty Creek at 7.30 o'clock and took the old stage road leading toward Dinwiddie Court-House. We bivouacked at the Miller house, awaiting orders, and at 1 p. m. proceeded back, taking the Vaughan road to Gravelly Run. Meeting with small squads of the enemy we advanced a skirmish line and formed our regiments - One hundred and eighty-seventh, One hundred and eighty-eighth, and One hundred and eighty-ninth [New York] - in line of battle. Our skirmishers soon became engaged with the enemy, and the First Brigade, in advancing on our right, became actively engaged with the enemy in force. Advancing some distance in two lines of battls, at this juncture General Chamberlain, commanding the First Brigade, asked the assistance of a regiment of my brigade, and I immediately sent the One hundred and eighty-eighth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Doolittle, to his assistance. We continued to advance the two remaining regiments, as per instructions, passing over swampy and difficult grounds, protecting the flank of the First Brigade, until reaching the Quaker (or telegraph) road, where we halted, a line of battle being in our front. From this point we were relieved, and bivouacked in the field opposite the J. Lewis house, an old saw-mill, for the night. On the morning of the 30th the One hundred and eighty-eighth New York Volunteers returned to the brigade, and at 1 p. m. we were moved up the Quaker road to a large field, near the Boydton road, and took position in the rear of the line of battle, occupying the earth-works. We lay in line of battle in this position the entire day. At 7.30 o'clock the regiments were moved back of the Boydton road, and bivouacked for the night. The morning following (31st) received orders to move down the Boydton road to General Ayres, Second Division, being relieved by the Second Corps, and took position immediately on his right. The Second Division at this time was actively engaged with the enemy, and meeting with some reverses, the First Division entire was ordered forward. My brigade, after crossing Gravelly Run, was formed in two lines of battle - the One hundred and eighty-eighth and One hundred and eighty-ninth forming a line, with the One hundred and eighty-seventh in rear. My brigade joined the right of the First. The enemy's line being driven back, and the ground lost in the morning was handsomely retaken. I continued to advance my brigade until near the White Oak road, taking the enemy's skirmish line and occupying their rifle-pits. We also captured many prisoners. In this position we threw up a line of works, extending from the First Brigade, on our left, to General Miles' division, or the Third Brigade, First Division, Second Corps, on our right. A heavy skirmish line was placed near the road, connecting as above, respect

