
ively. From this point we sent out parties to reconnoiter our front, by orders from Major-General Warren, and found the enemy strongly entrenched on the hill opposite the White Oak road. I received orders at 11 p. m. to move with the division, but these orders were countermanded.

I received orders on the morning of the 1st of April to move at 6.30 a. m. We did so, preceded by the First Brigade, First Division, Fifth Army Corps, and took the road leading toward Dinwiddie Court-House. Our picket guard was ordered to remain in position before our works at Gravelly Run, near the White Oak road, and were to follow in the rear of division. We marched to a point three miles and a half from Dinwiddie Court-House, where, meeting with the cavalry under command of Major-General Sheridan, we bivouacked by the roadside. At 2 p. m. we were ordered, in conjunction with the other brigades of the division, to move-on the road leading to the right, and at a distance of about two miles from the starting point. I formed the One hundred and eighty-eighth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Doolittle commanding, in line of battle to the right of the First Brigade. The One hundred and eighty-ninth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Townsend commanding, were sent forward as skirmishers, joining the Third Brigade skirmishers on the left, and extending to the One hundred and eighty-seventh New York Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Myers commanding, who were posted as flankers to protect our right. Our troops becoming engaged on the left of our lines we were ordered to advance. The ground was uneven and unfavorable, but the line advanced in perfect order, receiving an oblique fire from the enemy posted in the skirt of a piece of woods. The One hundred and eighty-eighth New York Volunteers, in connection with the First Brigade, was ordered to charge across the open field and drive the enemy from their position. Changing direction to the left, the One hundred and eighty-eighth New York Volunteers, with First Brigade, charged across the field and drove the enemy from their position, capturing about 400 prisoners. Still driving the enemy before them they met with a stubborn resistance from the enemy posted behind an earth-work on the roadside. Clearing a portion of this work to the left I ordered the left wing of the One hundred and eighty-eighth over the works, and wheeling it to the right cleared the line. The One hundred and eighty-eighth New York Volunteers at this point captured a four-gun battery posted on the road which intersected the road on which the works were built at nearly a right angle. Here the color-sergeant of the One hundred and eighty-eighth New York Volunteers was wounded, and one of the color guard, while holding the flag to its place, was also wounded. One of the battery horses was taken from the harness by Lieutenant Williams, and is now in possession of the One hundred and eighty-eighth New York Volunteers. The fighting here was desperate, but the courage and bravery of the troops carried the day and decided its fortunes. Firing having ceased, and the enemy having dispersed, we occupied the captured works for the night.

We received orders to move at daylight, but did not leave Five Forks until 12 m. With the First Division we moved up the road leading to the South Side Railroad near Ford's Station, which we reached at 2.30 p. m. April 2. Crossing the railroad, the One hundred and eighty-ninth New York Volunteers was sent forward to General Chamberlain, commanding First Brigade, and posted to the right of his rear line of battle. The One hundred and eighty-seventh and One hun

