
Numbers 80. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Daniel Myers, One hundred and eighty-seventh New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 187TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,April 19, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 74, headquarters Army of the Potomac, dated April 14, 1865, I have the honor to transmit the following report:

On the 29th of March left camp near Humphrey's Station with brigade, and in the evening formed line in the rear of One hundred and eighty-ninth New York Volunteers, supporting the First Brigade, which was engaged; lay under a brisk fire of musketry and artillery, bud had no casualties. March 30, moved out to support of Third Brigade; formed line in their rear; lay all day under a fire of artillery; no casualties. March 31, formed line in rear of Second and Third Divisions, fighting at Gravelly Run; advanced with brigade, and took part in retaking ground lost by Second and Third Divisions; threw up a line of breast-works, and remained in them until morning, when we received orders to march; in this day's operations we lost six men wounded. April 1, moved with brigade, and about 2 p. m. was ordered to form my regiment as flankers on the right of the division, to cover the right and connect with skirmish line in front; advanced with them, my movement being guided by that of the skirmish line. The skirmish line halted, and I soon ascertained that the skirmish line had been broken by cavalry, and hearing that the division was engaged, and there being already troops on our right and front, so that it would not leave the right exposed, we reformed, and, together with the One hundred and eighty-ninth New York Volunteers, moved forward, hoping that we might arrive in time to get into action, but when we arrived we found the firing had ceased and the day was won. We reported to General Gregory at once, went into works that night, and laid there until noon Sunday, April 2. On that day we marched until dark, nothing of importance occurring. Moved out with brigade Monday morning, and after marching until noon was ordered by General Gregory to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Fitzhugh, commanding a part of Artillery Brigade, Fifth Corps, for escort to return and go by another road. Marched until 12 p. m., and having caught up with the rear of the corps, the artillery going to move at 4 a. m., and my men being very tired, I asked to be and was relieved from duty with the artillery. Marched at 5 a. m., caught up with the corps, and marched in rear of Second Division, and caught up and reported with my regiment to General Gregory about 4 p. m.; marched with them until dark, threw up a line of breast-works that night, and remained in them until the morning of the 6th. On the 5th were ordered out of works to assist cavalry, but did not go far before we were ordered to return. On the 7th marched all day till 8 p. m.; men kept up well, nothing of importance occurring. Marched on the 8th all day until 12 p. m; went into bivouac, with orders to march at 4 a. m. Marched at 5.30 a. m., formed a line of battle about 8, and advanced, holding the left of the first line, when the news of the proposed surrender of Lee's army was received. Went into bivouac about 4 p. m.

The enlisted men of the command are entitled to credit for the alacrity and willingness with which they obeyed all commands, and only falling out on the march when completely worn out.

