
joined by fragments of several regiments, and advanced nearly three-quarters of a mile on a line with the Third Division. Remaining in this position till dark we were withdrawn to the works near the captured battery and bivouacked for the night. April 2, moved from the works about 2 p. m.; crossed the South Side Railroad near Ford's Station; marched up the road and camped near Sutherland's Station. April 3, marched about fifteen miles in a westerly direction. April 4, marched at 6 a. m. in a westerly direction, through Mannborough and Old Court-House; struck the Danville railroad about 7 p. m. near Jetersville Station; worked all night throwing up entrenchments. April 5, remained in the works all day. April 6, marched about 8 a. m., crossed Flat Creek, and passed through Paineville. April 7, moved at 7 a. m.; passed in sight of High Bridge and Farmville; camped about 9 p. m. at Prince Edward Court-House. April 8, started at 6.30; passed Hampden-Sidney College, through Charlotte, Prospect Station, and camped near Evergreen about midnight. April 9, marched to Appomattox Station, formed line of battle, and were advancing on the enemy when a flag of truce was received from the enemy, when all operations ceased. Bivouacked for the night near Appomattox Station.

While with scarcely any exception both officers and men performed their duties faithfully, I cannot forbear to especially mention the following officers and enlisted men for exceeding coolness and gallantry under heavy fire: Captain James T. Reilly, First Lieutenant John Marks, Second Lieutenant Edward Martin, Second Lieutenant Patrick Sweeney, Color-Sergt. Willis Sager, Sergt. A. J. Radle, and Sergt. Daniel Sliker.

I am, captain, very respectfully, yours, &amp; c.,

ISAAC DOOLITTLE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain H. G. DENNISTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 82. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph G. Townsend, One hundred and eighty-ninth New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 189TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,April 13, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders from headquarters Second Brigade, First Division, Fifth Army Corps, relative to the operations of my command from the morning of the 1st of April to the night of the 5th of the same month, I have the honor to submit the following report, viz:

On the morning of April 1, 1865, my command occupied the breast-works which we had constructed the preceding night, and at 6 a. m. received orders to march, my command having the right of the brigade. We marched about three miles in the direction of Dinwiddie Court-House, where we halted and stacked arms; here we remained in line until 3 p. m., when we advanced about one mile and again formed in line of battle. I received orders to deploy my regiment as skirmishers, connecting with the Third Brigade on my left and the One hundred and eighty-seventh New York Volunteers on my right. I deployed three companies on the front skirmish line, under command of Major Withey, and

