
March 25.-At 6 a.m . the Second and Third Divisions were ordered to move to the support of the Ninth Corps, in front of Fort Stedman, to aid in repelling an attack of the enemy upon that portion of our line. About the same time the First, Division was ordered to move to the support of the Second Corps. The attack on Fort Stedman having been repulsed and the enemy driven back by the Ninth Corps, the Second and Third Divisions were not engaged. the Third Brigade of the First Division had a sharp fight with the enemy on the Second Corps front and repulsed his attack. At night the corps returned to its former camp.

March 29.-The corps broke camp at 4 a. m. and marched down the stage road, crossing Rowanty Creek, taking position at the junction of the stage and Quaker roads, from which point it moved up the Quaker road the near the junction of the Boydton plank road. Here, about 4 p. m., the First Division met the enemy, and, after a severe action, drove him into his works.

March 30.-The corps remained in position, and during the day advanced our lines toward the White Oak road and constructed breast-works.

March 31.-The Second and Third Division advanced against the enemy, who met them in superior force, causing our line to fall back. The First Division then advanced and restored the line, taking a number of prisoners and one battle-flag. the enemy did not follow, and by night-fall had completely retired from the position held by him in the morning. During the night the corps was massed near the Boydton plank road to Dinwiddie to the support of Major-General Sheridan.

April 1.-The First and Third Divisions of this corps moved at daylight to support General Sheridan, at Five Forks, on the White Oak road, the Second Division having moved to that point the night previous. the corps engaged the enemy about 3.30 p. m., and after a severe battle, with the assistance of the cavalry, drove him completely from the field, capturing 5 guns, 12 battle flags, and 3,244 prisoners. About 5 p. m. Major-General Warren was relieved from the command of the corps by Major-General Sheridan and Bvt. Major General Charles Griffin assigned to the command. The battle casing about dark, the corps bivouacked on the field. bvt. Brigadier General Fred. Winthrop was killed.

April 2.-Marched at 6 a. m. toward the Claiborne road; returned to the White Oak road; thence down the Ford road across Hatcher's Run to Cox's Station, on South Side Railroad; captured 1 engine and 3 cars and tore up the track; continued on march to the junction of the Namozine and River roads. Here General Crawford's division was moved down the Namozine road toward the river to support General Merritt, and had a slight skirmish with the enemy. Marched twenty miles.

April 3.-Marched down the River road, bridging and crossing Namozine Creek; picked up many straggling rebels, who were concealed in the woods. At 6.30 p. m. received the news of the capture of Petersburg and evacuation of Richmond. Halted near Deep Creek and bivouacked for the night, after a march of twenty-three miles. Picket up and turned over to the ordnance department three brass 12-pounders abandoned by the enemy.

April 4.-Marched at 5 a. m. via Dennisville, arriving at Jetersville, on the Danville railroad, at 5.20 p. m.; went into position and threw up a line of breast-works; distance marched this day twenty-five miles.

April 5.-Remained in position all day.

