
two companies on the right of the One hundred and eighth-seventh New York Volunteers, that regiment covering our right flank; the remaining five companies I held in reserve. At the order to advance the skirmish line advanced rapidly, keeping up a connection with the left until broken by a large force of General Sheridan's cavalry. It being impossible to reconnect the line I reported to Lieutenant Colonel Daniel Myers, commanding One hundred and eighty-seventh New York Volunteers, who reassembled the line, and under his command I rejoined the brigade on the White Oak road about 6.30 p. m.

On Sunday, April 2, 1865, I received orders to march and fell in on the left of the brigade. After marching a short distance we struck the South Side Railroad, and I received orders to report to General Chamberlain with my command, and by him was assigned to the right of his rear line of battle, of which I was placed in command. I advanced in line of battle about half a mile, when the brigade was relieved by cavalry and we resumed our line of march, which we continued until night, and bivouacked for the night. Monday, April 3, 1865, about 9 a. m. we resumed our line of march, my command in the center of brigade; we marched about twelve miles and camped for the night about 7 p. m. April 4, resumed our line of march about 7 a. m., my command on the right of brigade; passed through Dennisville and crossed the Danville railroad about 7 p. m. Here I received orders from General Bartlett to throw up breast-works as soon as possible in front of my regiment. We were busily engaged on the same until 12 o'clock that night, when I gave my men permission to lie upon their arms near the works until called. April 5, strengthened our works and remained behind them during the day and until the next morning.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. TOWNSEND,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain H. G. DENNISTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 83. Report of Bvt. Major General Joseph J. Bartlett, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,April 10, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the battle of Five Forks, April 1, 1865:

At daybreak the command was marched from the extreme left of the Army of the Potomac through by-roads to a point near Dinwiddie Court-House, coming upon the skirmish line of the Second Division, Fifth Corps, between 8 and 9 a. m. The troops were permitted to rest in this position until nearly 2 p. m., while the cavalry were developing the enemy's line of battle. At this hour I was moved to a position on the right of the Third Division, Fifth Corps, and connecting with it. The formation of the brigade was in three lines of two battalions each, with one small regiment deployed as skirmishers in front, and one regiment held in reserve. The plan of the battle, as given to me by my commanding officer, was that the whole infantry line, after marching a prescribed distance which it was thought would bring us in rear of the enemy's works, were to wheel to the left and fall upon

