
direction of South Side Railroad, following General Chamberlain's brigade (First), and reached the railroad at 3 p. m. of that day. After a short rest moved down the line of the road several miles, and bivouacked near Sutherland's Station. At 10 o'clock on the morning of the 3rd resumed our march, and moved a distance of twenty miles, and bivouacked on Namozine road. On the 4th, at 7 a. m., resumed the march, proceeding in the direction of Richmond and Danville Railroad, which road we reached at 6 p. m., the First and Second Brigades having been placed in line of battle running at right angles with railroad. By orders received from Major-General Bartlett, I placed two regiments - Thirty-second Massachusetts Volunteers and Twentieth Maine Volunteers - in line on right of General Chamberlain's brigade (First), and placed the First Michigan Infantry on extreme left of division, connecting with General Gregory's (Second Brigade) left. Massed the Ninety-first, One hundred and eighteenth, One hundred and fifty-fifth Pennsylvania, Sixteenth Michigan, and First Maine in rear of First and Second Brigades. Built a line of breast-works and bivouacked for the night. On the morning of the 5th placed the One hundred and fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers in line of battle on the left of First Michigan; remained in that position during the day and night.

Seven hundred men, consisting of the Eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers and detachments from the rest of the regiments, under command of Colonel Rogers, Eighty-third Pennsylvania, accompanied the corps trains during the movements.

Respectfully submitted.

A. L. PEARSON,

Brevet Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain WILLIAM FOWLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 85. Report of Captain George R. Abbott, First Maine Sharpshooters.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MAINE SHARPSHOOTERS,Near Petersburg, Va., April 24, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my command in the late campaign from the 29th of March to the 9th of April:

At 6 a. m. 29th ultimo broke camp and took up the line of march, following the Thirty-second Massachusetts Regiment. At about 11 a. m. was detached with my command from the brigade to hold possession of a cross-road, with orders to remain until relieved by General Crawford. The brigade returning I again took my position in the column and proceeded on. At 5 p. m. the enemy were found in our front by the First Brigade, and we moved up rapidly to their support. The enemy being repulsed and driven back we were not called into action. In the evening advanced about a mile to the Boydton plank road, and during the night threw up a line of breast-works about 800 yards from the enemy. The morning of the 30th, it being very stormy, no advance was made. At 1 p. m., the enemy's line of skirmishers being driven back on our right, our line was immediately advanced, and occupied the rebel skirmish line, my command holding the right of the brigade and connecting with the Second Corps. At 4 p. m. the enemy drove

