
the enemy had surrendered. We advanced immediately to Appomattox Court-House and stacked arms and rested. At 5 p. m., the enemy having surrendered, we went into camp.

I would here mention the gallant conduct of First Lieutenant John Butler, Company C, who was placed in temporary command of Company A in the action of March 31, in leading the line of skirmishers in their attack on the enemy. I would also mention the following-named enlisted men: Corpl. Charles A. Hadley, Company C, volunteered to go on the skirmish line March 31, and, getting within a few rods of the enemy, succeeded in killing three of the enemy before he was wounded himself. Private Leavitt Larkin, Company C, also volunteered to go on the skirmish line March 31, and, getting in rear of the enemy's line of skirmishers, succeeded in killing one man, wounding another, and took the third man prisoner. The prisoner was armed with a Sharps rifle, which is now carried by Private Larkin. I would respectfully ask that he may be allowed to retain it. Private Henry Giles, Company A, during the advance on April 1, in crossing a swamp, lost his company, and was taken prisoner by a rebel cavalryman, who disarmed him; watching his chance he sprung under the horse's neck and seized the cavalryman, dragging him from his horse, at the same time receiving a severe blow on the head and arm. He then disarmed him, sprung onto the horse, the rebel cavalry after him, and came in toward our lines, where he was again taken prisoner by our troops as a rebel. As they were taking him along the lines I saw him and released him.

Casualties: Killed, 4; wounded, 29; missing, 5; total, 38. Of the 5 missing, 4 have been recaptured and are now with regiment.

Respectfully submitted.

GEO. R. ABBOTT,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain FARNSWORTH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 86. Report of Captain Charles F. Sawyer, First Maine Sharpshooters.

CAMP FIRST MAINE SHARPSHOOTERS,

April 24, 1865.

SIR: I respectfully submit the following report of the two companies under my command on the 1st instant:

At 7 p. m. April 1 was detailed to take Companies E (Captain William O. Howes) and C (Lieutenant John Butler commanding) to report to Major Ellis Spear, aide-de-camp, who accompanied me to a creek nearly two miles in rear of the line of regiment, with instructions to take possession of and hold a bridge, if possible. I sent Captain Howes, with his company deployed as skirmishers and flankers, who advanced to the bank of the creek, when they received a volley from the enemy who were in earth-works on opposite bank, about twenty-five yards distant. Skirmishing was kept up for nearly an hour, about which time General Mackenzie rode to my command and said we were shooting our own men, and advised me to send one company across, which I refused to do, having seen the enemy, and knew them to be such. General M. then advised Captain Howes to send some men across, the enemy having acknowledged our hallos, saying they were the "Ninth New

