
York Cavalry." I again refused to send men across, feeling sure the force were rebels. In the meantime two sergeants (unknown to me at the time) volunteered to go across, which they accordingly did, and were retained as prisoners (since released, and state we were confronted by Rosser's cavalry in strong force). About 8 o'clock the enemy again opened fire on front and flank wise of the line, and I was compelled to retire to rear about 400 yards, it being useless to remain engaged, there being no bridge at that point. I was relieved about 10 o'clock by cavalry from General Mackenzie's command and proceeded to position occupied by regiment.

The casualties were four wounded.

I am, &amp; c., your obedient servant,

CHAS. F. SAWYER,

Captain, First Maine Sharpshooters.

Lieutenant S. W. SCOFIELD,

Acting Adjutant, First Maine Sharpshooters.

Numbers 87. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Walter G. Morrill, Twentieth Maine Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH MAINE VOLUNTEERS,April 14, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the operations of the Twentieth Maine Volunteers and First Michigan Volunteers, which were under my immediate command during the engagement at the Five Forks on April 1, 1865.

At 3 p. m. we were formed for a charge, my command being in the third line; in this order we advanced three-quarters of a mile and halted. General Bartlett ordered me to move my command by the left flank some half a mile; halted and fronted. Were ordered by him to charge the enemy on his flank, which I immediately did; carried the enemy's works, capturing a large number of prisoners and the battle-flag of the Ninth Virginia Regiment. After doing this the enemy began to press us very hard on the right flank, and I sent Brevet Major Clark to report to General Bartlett the state of affairs. The enemy still continued to press us very hard, and we were losing men very fast. I also sent Captain Sidelinger to General Bartlett, and he immediately ordered a regiment in on our right, which relieved us at once, and, more troops coming up, the enemy began to fall back, and we continued to press him for the next three miles, when we gave up the pursuit and came back to the breast-works and bivouacked for the night.

In justice to all under my command, I have only to say that every officer and man did his duty well and faithfully; there was no skulking, and every one was in his place.

The loss of the First Michigan I am not able to report. The loss in the Twentieth Maine was 7 killed and 23 wounded.

Respectfully, yours,

WALTER G. MORRILL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twentieth Maine Volunteers.

Captain WILLIAM FOWLER,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Fifth Army Corps.

55 R R - VOL XLVI, PT I

