
Numbers 88. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Eli G. Sellers, Ninety-first Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. NINETY-FIRST Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VET. VOLS.,April 14, 1865.

In obedience to instructions received from your headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the two regiments under my command during the action of the 1st of April:

The Sixteenth Michigan, with the Ninety-first Pennsylvania on their right, were formed in line on edge of woods on right of road leading to Five Points, on the right of and about thirty paces in rear of second line of Third Division, Fifth Corps, with orders to move when Third Division moved, and conform with their movements, which was done. About 3 o'clock in the afternoon moved forward in good order about 300 yards, when we were joined by the cavalry in an open field on our right. The men then took up double-quick step, drove the enemy before them for about one mile, when they came to a small stream which could not be crossed at that point. Moved to the left and crossed the stream and ascended a hill, when a few shots were fired by the enemy, wounding four men of the Ninety-first Pennsylvania Volunteers. The enemy was soon driven off, when the two regiments recrossed the stream and took up a position on right of Third Division, who by this time had moved to the left. The line again moved forward, the firing from the enemy coming more rapid; the men moved forward in good order, capturing many of the enemy who were straggling through the woods. I think it safe to say that these two regiments moved over nearly five miles of ground, and greater part of this at a double-quick step, moving nearly in a half circle, and halted about dark on the right of General Baxter's brigade, Third Division, Fifth Corps, on the White Oak road, about two miles from Five Points. Moved down road after Third Division, and went into camp near brigade headquarters, about 200 yards from cross-roads, about 9 o'clock at night.

Before closing this report I would most respectfully make mention of the able manner in which Major Colt, of the Eighty-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, then in command of the Sixteenth Michigan, handled the regiment, keeping the men well closed up, connecting well with the Third Division.

I also sent a detail from the Ninety-first Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers to secure some wagons and mules which were captured, which a staff officer of the Third Division said were in danger of being recaptured.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELI G. SELLERS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Ninety-first Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers.

Captain WILLIAM FOWLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 89. Report of Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel Henry O'Neill, One hundred and eighteenth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 118TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,April 14, 1865.

GENERAL: In compliance with instructions received from headquarters First Division, Fifth Army Corps, April 14, 1865, I have the honor

