
to make the following report in regard to the operations of the One hundred and eighteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers and First Maine Sharpshooters, under my command on 1st instant:

In obedience to instructions from the general commanding, I advanced out with the two regiments in the second line of battle, preserving a perfect line, the men behaving well and satisfactorily. I advanced out until I reached the creek where the ambulances and wagons were abandoned by the enemy, where, meeting General Warren, commanding Fifth Army Corps, he ordered me to form my men on the left across the White Oak road, within about 500 yards of the enemy's works. I did so as soon as possible. Afterward he (General Warren) ordered me to change front to the rear, throw up breast-works across the road, and be ready to repel an attack from the enemy's cavalry. I did so, throwing out a picket-line in front, relieving the cavalry pickets who were then posted there. Remained there, the men well prepared to repel any attack which would have been made, until the 2nd of April, when received orders to fall in with the rest of the Third Brigade as they came along, which orders I obeyed, and followed in the advance out to the South Side Railroad.

I take great pleasure in testifying to and applauding the good conduct and excellent behavior of both officers and men of the two regiments under my command.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. O'NEILL,

Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding 118th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Bvt. Major General J. J. BARTLETT,

Commanding First Division, Fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 90. Report of Major John A. Cline, One hundred and fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 155TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,Near Appomattox Court-House, April 14, 1865.

I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the One hundred and fifty-fifth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers during the action of April 1, 1865:

About 3 p. m. the regiment was formed in line eighty paces in rear, covering the left of the Third Brigade, First Division, Fifth Corps, as reserve to fill any vacancy which might occur near that point of the general lines. After an advance of about one mile from a halt the regiment moved a short distance by the left flank and formed a line facing to the left of the general lines. From this position the regiment was moved at a double-quick by the right flank by file left to connect on the right of the troops formed on the crest of a ridge about 300 paces distant to the left. When within seventy-five paces of the line to which we were to connect it moved forward on a charge, and the regiment was ordered to follow, and moved forward on their right with all possible haste. After crossing a fence into the woods the regiment was brought into line facing by the rear rank, and advanced with a view to connect on the right of the troops now out of sight in the advance on the left. The regiment moved forward independently and without connection on

