
the right or left, and when passing through a thick growth of small pines came upon the enemy, striking their works on the left flank and rear at the time they were receiving re-enforcements from their right. The left striking their works some of the men pushed into their works, and about 140 of the enemy passed through to our rear, prisoners; others had thrown down their arms, but were rallied and the butts of muskets were used by both parties, and on account of their superior numbers the men fell back in comparative good order, with the loss of 5 killed and 21 wounded, about 100 paces, when they were formed and advanced farther to the right, the enemy leaving without much resistance. We then connected on the left by troops supposed to be of the First Brigade, First Division, and a general advance was made, the regiment capturing three pieces of artillery, several wagons and ambulances, and a number of prisoners. At this point portions of the Third and Second Divisions, with the First Division massed, while moving forward, separated the men of the regiment into squads, who continued to follow the routed enemy until after dark, when halted and called together by the officers and call of the brigade bugle, when they bivouacked for the night.

Very respectfully,

J. A. CLINE,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain WILLIAM FOWLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division, Fifth Corps.

Numbers 91. Reports of Bvt. Major General Romeyn B. Ayres, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Appomattox Court-House, Va., April 13, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I was ordered to make a reconnaissance on the 30th ultimo of the country lying between the Boydton plank road on the east, the White Oak road on the north, and a road running from Dinwiddie northward to the White Oak on the west. In doing this I established a chain of pickets connecting with the main line on the right and extending westward to the vicinity of S. Dabney's house. The morning of the 31st I was ordered to move my division in that direction. I took up a position in a field lying east of Dabney's and extending to the White Oak road, posting the Second Brigade on the left and facing the Dabney place. Soon after I received from the corps commander an order, through Major E. B. Cope, aide-de-camp, to take the White Oak road and intrench a brigade upon it. I was furnished one brigade of the Third Division as support, which I posted across the field in the position occupied by the First Brigade before it moved forward. I ordered forward the First Brigade, supported on the right by the Third. As the troops arrived within about fifty yards of the White Oak road the enemy's lines of battle rose up in the woods and moved forward across the road into the open. I saw at once that they had four or five to my one. The First Brigade was at once faced about (I presume by General Winthrop's order) and marched back across the field in good order. I expected to form my lines along the southern line of the field and fight it out, but the supports could not be held.

