
strong breast-work, screened behind a dense undergrowth of pines and about 100 yards in length. This breast-works my troops charged and carried at the bayonet's point, capturing in carrying it over 1,000 prisoners and several battle-flags. Halting there a short time by General Sheridan's order, till it was apparent the enemy were giving way generally, I pushed forward rapidly, holding my men in hand and marching steadily in line of battle, the First Brigade leading. The pursuit was continued till dark, over some three miles, and till orders were received to halt. The division was then retired to camp near the Five Forks. It took in this battle some 2,000 prisoners and 8 battle-flags.

That distinguished soldier, Bvt. Brigadier General Fred. Winthrop, U. S. Volunteers, fell mortally wounded just as his brigade was gallantly charging the enemy's breast-works, and in the moment of triumph freely laid down his life for his country. His dying thoughts were for his comrades, and his last anxious inquiries were concerning the fate of the day. Colonel R. N. Bowerman, Fourth Maryland Volunteers, was wounded while gallantly commanding the Second Brigade.

For further details, flags and prisoners captured, &amp; c., I respectfully refer to the accompanying reports of brigade commanders.

At some opportune moment I will take pleasure in forwarding the names of those officers who, by their gallantry and soldierly conduct, have merited reward. I must again express my thanks to my staff for their gallantry and zeal on this as on all other occasions. Those with me were: Bvt. Colonel C. E. La Motte, Fourth Delaware Volunteers, division inspector; Bvt. Major W. W. Swan, U. S. Army, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain W. I. Purnell, Eighth Maryland Volunteers, assistant commissary of musters; Captain Jesse D. Childs, First Maryland Volunteers, assistant provost-marshal; Bvt. Captain Robert P. Warren, One hundred and forty-sixth New York Volunteers, aide-de-camp; Bvt. Captain John J. Diehl, Fifteenth New York Heavy Volunteers, aide-de-camp.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. AYRES,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Division.

Colonel FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 92. Reports of Brigadier General Joseph Hayes, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Nottoway Court-House, Va., April 24, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this command from March 29 to April 9, inclusive:

The brigade, under command of Bvt. Brigadier General Fred. Winthrop, moved from camp near Hatcher's Run at 3 o'clock the morning of the 29th ultimo, and, marching in a southerly direction, reached the Quaker road at 8.30 a. m. After resting until 2 p. m. it again advanced and marched three miles on the same road, when it halted and bivouacked for the night. The distance marched this day was fifteen

