
adjutant-general; Captain Leatz, brigade inspector; Captain E. W. Warren, commissary of subsistence; First Lieutenant R. Clark, aide-de-camp, and Second Lieutenant William Raymond, pioneer officer.

I have the honor to remain, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HAYES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Bvt. Major W. W. SWAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,Camp near Appomattox Court-House, Va., April 10, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following summary of the reports of the regimental commanders of this brigade of the operations of their commands on the 1st instant:

The Fifth New York Veteran Volunteers, Captain Henry Schickhardt; One hundred and fortieth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel W. S. Grantsynn; One hundred and forty-sixth New York Volunteers, Colonel James Grindlay; Fifteenth New York Heavy Artillery, Lieutenant Colonel M. Wiedrich, the regiments composing this brigade, under command of Bvt. Brigadier General Fred. Winthrop, broke camp at 12 m. the 1st instant, and marched with the rest of the division by the Boydton plank road toward Dinwiddie Court-House. Having arrived at a point about two miles north of the Court-House, the brigade was formed in line of battle and advanced toward the enemy. The enemy retreating, the brigade rested until 12 m., when the division was again ordered forward, and moved in support of the cavalry, then engaged about two miles in the advance. On reaching the field where the later were engaged, the division was placed in column of attack, the two rear lines of which were formed of this brigade. The column advanced through the woods across an open field until the front line being engaged, the troops were deployed, and this brigade formed the left of the line of battle. Pressing forward down a hill to the edge of a swamp the enemy's entrenchments were discovered through a dense underbrush. Undismayed by the enemy's hot fire, and unchecked by the obstacles in the way, the brigade rushed upon the works and carried them. Quickly wheeling to the left upon the enemy's exposed flank their utter and complete rout was effected. More than 1,000 prisoners and four stand of colors were captured.

Corporal Kauss, Company H, Fifteenth New York Heavy Artillery, Sergt. R. F. Shipley, Company A, One hundred and fortieth New York Volunteers, Sergt. Thomas J. Murphy, Company G, and Private David Edwards, Company H, One hundred and forty-sixth New York Volunteers, are entitled to the honor of capturing these flags. I would recommend that they receive medals and furloughs.*

Colonel Fred. Winthrop, Fifth New York Veteran Volunteers, and brevet brigadier-general, fell mortally wounded while gallantly leading the brigade on this occasion. The brigade feels deeply the los of this officer, whom all had learned to love and respect as an able and faithful commander. Colonel James Grindlay, One hundred and forty-sixth New York Volunteers, succeeded General Winthrop in command upon the field. The pursuit of the enemy was continued for two miles, when the brigade bivouacked near the Five Forks. Lieutenant Colonel W. F. Drum, lately appointed to the Fifth New York Veteran Volunteers, arrived on

---------------

* Medal of Honor awarded to each of the men named.

---------------

