
the field in time to share the honors of the day. First Lieutenant Henry Loomis, One hundred and forty-sixth New York Volunteers, commanded his regiment upon Colonel Grindlay taking command of the brigade. Colonel Grindlay specially mentions his gallantry, and recommends he be appointed brevet major.

A tabular and nominal list of the casualties in this engagement has already been forwarded to headquarters.

I have the honor to remain, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HAYES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Bvt. Major W. W. SWAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Fifth Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,Near Appomattox Court-House, Va., April 12, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that this brigade, having been encamped the night of the 30th ultimo near the Quaker road, moved out at daylight the morning of the 31st, under command of Bvt. Brigadier General Fred. Winthrop, and formed into line of battle near the Dabney house, on the White Oak road, in the following order: One hundred and forty-sixth New York Volunteers, Colonel James Grindlay, on the right; Fifth New York Veteran Volunteers, Captain Henry Shickhardt, the center; and Fifteenth New York Heavy Artillery, Lieutenant Colonel M. Wiedrich, on the left; the One hundred and fortieth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel W. S. Grantsynn being deployed as skirmishers. At 11 a. m., the order to advance being received, the brigade promptly moved to the attack. The enemy were at this time concealed along the White Oak road, and there was nothing to indicate either their number or position excepting the heavy fire with which they greeted our line as it advanced. Through this fire, over an open field for one-quarter of a mile, the brigade charged with unwavering and unbroken front. On reaching within ten or fifteen yards of the enemy's position two lines of battle, rising from their ambush, were hurled upon the thin and already weakened single line of this brigade. To have attempted to hold the ground would have exposed the command to capture by vastly superior numbers; the order was accordingly given to face about, and the brigade retired to its former position. Subsequently the line was established along Gravelly Run, and having repulsed the enemy's attack the brigade again moved forward with the rest of the division, recovered the lost ground, gained possession of the enemy's works, and established itself along the White Oak road.

A tabular and nominal list of casualties has already been forwarded to headquarters, by reference to which it will be perceived the command lost heavily in officers and men.

The result of this day's fight was most satisfactory, and shows the discipline and courage of the troops, who, though at first beaten back by overwhelming numbers, were again ready to advance and to make for themselves, instead of defeat and disaster, a record of complete success and victory.

I have the honor to remain, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HAYES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brevet Major SWAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

