
Numbers 93. Reports of Colonel David L. Stanton, First Maryland Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,April 12, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Second Brigade, Second Division, Fifth Army Corps, in the action and movements of March 31, 1865:

The brigade, 968 muskets strong, under command of Bvt. Brigadier General A. W. Denison, marched at 6 a. m. from bivouac near Gravelly Run, in the center of the division, to a position near Dabney's house, where at first it was held in reserve at the left flank of part of the Second and Third Divisions. After about half an hour the Fourth and Seventh Regiments Maryland Volunteers were deployed as skirmishers for protection of left flank. About noon an engagement ensued, exposing the brigade to a heavy enfilading fire from the front and left flank, and was compelled to fall back until rallied about three-quarters of a mile to the rear, where it was ordered to support a battery. After about one hour the brigade readvanced with the other troops and regained its original position. During part of the following night the First Maryland Volunteers was on picket duty, and sometime before daylight were ordered to march with the division to the regiment.

Casualties of this day: Officers - wounded, 3. Enlisted men - killed, 8; wounded, 35; missing, 58.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp; c.,

D. L. STANTON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Bvt. Major W. W. SWAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS,April 10, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the part taken in the action and movements of Second Brigade, Second Division, Fifth Army Corps, at or near Five Forks, April 1, 1865:

The brigade, under command of Colonel R. N. Bowerman, 875 muskets strong, moved before daybreak April 1, 1865, on the right of division and continued to move on the Boydton plank road, and about 8 a. m. deployed the Eighth Regiment Maryland Volunteers as skirmishers, who, after about one mile's advance, met a portion of Major-General Sheridan's cavalry, when the skirmishers were drawn in, and the brigade, with division, rested on their arms until about 2 p. m. At this time the brigade moved in center of division to the right, and after about one hour's march formed line of battle in the position. About 3 p. m. the line advanced and carried the enemy's works, the brigade acting well their share, capturing two battle-flags and a number of prisoners as their trophy; Lieutenant Jacob Koogle,* Seventh Maryland Volunteers, and Private Joseph stewart,* Company G, First Maryland Veteran Volunteers, having the honor of capturing the flags. After the engagement the brigade halted about one hour. By orders received from division com

---------------

* Awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

