
mander we moved down the White Oak road, where it was halted by orders from General Sheridan until the division returned, when it took up the line of march and encamped about 9 o'clock near the battle-field; ordered to send out sixty men on picket in front of brigade. The command of the brigade passed into the hands of Colonel D. L. Stanton, First Maryland Volunteers, Colonel R. N. Bowerman, Fourth Maryland Volunteers, having been wounded early in the advance.

The casualties of the day are: Officers - killed, 1; wounded, 11. Enlisted men - killed, 9; wounded, 46; missing, 11.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. L. STANTON,

Colonel First Maryland Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Bvt. Major W. W. SWAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 94. Reports of Bvt. Brigadier General James Gwyn, One hundred and eighteenth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,April 14, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report in reference to the engagement of the 31st instant [ultimo]:

My command moved about 4 a. m., left in front, in obedience to orders from headquarters Second Division, Fifth Corps, from bivouac near the Boydton plank road to a point near the White Oak road - the Two hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, under Colonel William Sergeant, leading, followed by the Fourth Delaware Volunteers, under Captain William H. Maclary, and the Eighth Delaware Volunteers, under Lieutenant Curry, both under command of Captain John N. Richards; the One hundred and ninetieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, under Captain R. M. Birkman, the One hundred and ninety-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, under Captain Perez L. Norton, the One hundred and fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, under Major E. T. Tiers, all under command of Bvt. Colonel Joseph B. Pattee; and the THird Delaware Volunteers, under Captain J. H. Cade, having been sent the evening before to establish a picket-line about 500 yards in front of the brigade. Upon arriving near the White Oak road I halted and formed each regiment into column by division - the Two hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers on the right, the Delaware battalion on the left, the First Brigade, Second Division, Fifth Corps, being on the left, and a dense woods on the right. We remained in this position until about 9 a. m., when an advance was ordered, the First Brigade leading. I immediately deployed the brigade and moved forward. The line had proceeded but a short distance when the enemy appeared in the front and left flank. After fighting for some time under very great odds we were forced to retire, but not until the support on the left had given away. A rebel headquarters flag, reported to have been General Pickett's, [sic] on a line with and about fifty yards from my headquarters flag, the enemy thereby completely flanking our position. We continued to retire until I found a line formed by General Baxter's brigade, of the Third Division, Fifth Corps, when a stand was made. The enemy continued to press

