
forward on our front and left flank, forcing us back. We continued to retire, forming line of battle whenever the ground would permit, until arriving near the point from which we started in the morning, when a line was formed on the crest of a hill, which was held until about 3 p. m., when the line again advanced, my brigade being formed in two lines in echelon on left of General Chamberlain's brigade, of the First Division, Fifth Corps, driving the enemy's skirmish line beyond the White Oak road.

Great credit is due to Bvt. Colonel Joseph B. Pattee for the able manner in which he fought his command on the skirmish line, without any support or connection with the right or left. The designs of the enemy to turn back our flanks and prevent us from reaching the Boydton plank road were effectually frustrated by the determined manner in which his men disputed their advance, thereby giving the command time to form line on the hill above mentioned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES GWYN,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Bvt. Major W. W. SWAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQR. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

April 10, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report in reference to the engagement of the 1st instant:

After bivouacking until 1 p. m. this command moved up the Boydton plank road, in obedience to orders from headquarters Second Division, Fifth Corps, from a point about twelve miles from Dinwiddie Court-House, in the following order: Company A, Third Delaware Volunteers, under command of Captain D. D. Joseph, was ordered to the front as an advance guard, the Delaware battalion, under command of Captain Richards, acting as support; the head of the main column, composed of the One hundred and ninetieth, One hundred and ninety-first, and One hundred and fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanded by Bvt. Colonel Joseph B. Pattee, and Two hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, under Lieutenant Colonel E. L. Witman, following at distance of 100 yards in rear of the Delaware battalion. When arriving near the Court-House we diverged to the right, following a road leading to the White Oak road. At about 8 a. m. a halt was ordered and the men allowed to rest until about 2 p. m., when the command again moved forward until reaching a point near the left of the enemy's entrenched line on the White Oak road, when it was formed in two lines of battle - the front line composed of the Fourth Delaware Volunteers, under Captain W. H. Maclary, Third Delaware Volunteers, under Captain J. H. Cade, One hundred and ninety-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, under Captain Perez L. Norton, and the One hundred and fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, under Major E. T. Tiers, all under command of Bvt. Colonel Joseph B. Pattee, of the One hundred and ninetieth Pennsylvania Volunteers; the Two hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers forming the second line, under command of Lieutenant Colonel E. L. Witman, the right resting on a road leading at right angles with the White Oak road. The One hundred and ninetieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, under command of Captain R. M. Birkman, was deployed as skirmishers, covering the brigade front. The Second Brigade, Second Division, Fifth Corps,

