
was on the left in echelon; the Third Division, Fifth Corps, on the right. At about 3 o'clock the line advanced against the enemy, forcing their skirmish line back to their main line, which was also driven back in confusion. After following them up for some distance I halted, reformed the line, and changed direction to the left, so as to be able to attack their works on the flank and rear. We again charged their line, driving it in great confusion, capturing two battle-flags and many prisoners; the color-sergeant of the One hundred and ninetieth Pennsylvania Volunteers planting the first stand of colors on the captured works.

I am unable to state the number of prisoners captured, on account of the command having pressed forward so rapidly, sending them to the rear as we advanced; I, however, sent back one squad of 300 men, under charge of Captain J. W. Scott, One hundred and fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers. At this point the skirmish line of the One hundred and ninetieth Pennsylvania Volunteers extended intervals to the right, in order to keep up the connection, on account of the Third Division line having fallen back some distance. The pursuit was continued until darkness put an end to further operations.

Subjoined is a list of casualties in the command during the engagement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES GWYN,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Bvt. Major W. W. SWAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 95. Report of Bvt. Colonel Joseph B. Pattee, One hundred and ninetieth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding One hundred and fifty-seventh, One hundred and ninetieth, and One hundred and ninety-first Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 190TH AND 191ST REGTS. PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,April 14, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the proceedings of my command on the 9th instant:

After having crossed the Petersburg and Lynchburg Railroad a short distance, proceeding toward the scene of action indicated by the firing in advance, I received orders to detach my command - consisting of the One hundred and ninetieth, One hundred and ninety-first, and One hundred and fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Regiments - from the marching column and hasten with it to the front. On arriving there I was directed by Brevet Major-General Ayres, commanding the division, to deploy my command as skirmishers in front of the division and push forward at once, connecting my right with the skirmish line of the First Division (General Bartlett) and my left with the troops of Major-General Ord. My line was at once formed and pushed forward through the timber into the open field beyond. I now extended the intervals of my line to the right while advancing, in order to connect with the First Division; but after extending across the entire front of that division I found no line had yet been thrown out with which I might form a junction. Leaving this portion of my line with orders to push for

