
ward, I proceeded to the left and found my line connecting with a few colored troops who were being withdrawn. From this time I pushed forward without any connection on my right or left and without any assistance except from a few gallant cavalrymen interspersed among my skirmishers, driving the enemy from the next belt of timber. On emerging into the open field again the enemy's artillery was seen in position, firing rapidly from the Lynchburg road, occupying the crest of a bold ridge flanked by timber and crowded with masses of his infantry apparently in confusion. After driving the enemy from and passing beyond the Trent and --- houses and over the creek and ravine beyond, a distance of about one mile from the point of starting, a line of skirmishers from the First Division came forward in my rear, overtaking and mingling with my right a few moments before the firing ceased. Pending this movement the left wing of my line had swung forward through the wood on my left, running up to the Lynchburg road, flanking the enemy's artillery on their right, causing it to be withdrawn in great haste. My men got within fifty yards of the section near the wood alluded to and succeeded in capturing one caisson. At 10 a. m. my line swept over the ridge in front of the village, driving the enemy before them, and when about entering the town a flag of truce came forward and passed through my line. The enemy still maintained a fire, however, from the cover of the houses, killing a cavalryman; whereupon some twenty of my men, among whom were four or five from the First Division, entered the town and drove the enemy beyond it and sending some twenty prisoners to the rear, who, passing through the line of the First Division, were, I understand, claimed by them. All firing ceased a few minutes past 10 o'clock and the advance skirmishers were withdrawn.

I beg leave here to commend what few officers I have with my command for their gallantry, and especially Captain R. M. Birkman, One hundred and ninetieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, who was the first officer to enter the village, which he did to stop the firing of the enemy from the cover of the houses and restrain and withdraw the advance skirmishers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. PATTEE,

Bvt. Colonel, Commanding 190th, 191st, and 157th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Bvt. Major W. W. SWAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 96. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edward L. Witman, Two hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 210TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,April 10, 1865.

MAJOR: In obedience to circular from brigade headquarters of this date, I have the honor to forward a statement of operations in which this regiment was engaged on March 31, 1865.

We broke camp on the morning of the 31st of March about daylight, and marched about two miles to the right of the enemy's lines, and massed in an open field on the right of the brigade, during a heavy rain. The skirmish line was attacked, and we were ordered forward.

