
May 3.-Marched at 6 p. m., passing through Petersburg and up the Petersburg and Richmond pike to Drewry's Bluff, a distance of eighteen miles.

May 4.-Marched at 6 a. m., arriving at Manchester at 8.30 a.m., and went into camp outside the town;' marched five miles. Continued our march to Hanover Court-House, encamping at night on the old battlefield; marched twenty-three miles.

May 5.-Remained in camp; corps headquarters at Chesterfield Park.

May 6.-Marched at 9 a. m. in conjunction with the rest of the Army of the Potomac.

May 7.-Marched at 10 a. m. to Concord Church and went into camp; distance, twelve miles.

May 9.-Marched at 5 a.m ., crossing the Massaponax and Rappahannock Rivers, and encamped opposite Frederickburg; distance marched, twenty miles.

May 10.-Marched at 5 a. m., crossing Potomac, Aquia, and Chopawamsic Creeks; distance marched, eighteen miles.

May 11.-Marched at 6 a. m. via Dumfries, crossing the Quantico and Occoquan Rivers, and encamping at Fairfax Station; distance marched, eighteen miles.

May 12.-Marched at 6 a. m., via Fairfax Court-House, to the Columbia pike, and went into camp at Four-Mile Run.

May 23.-Marched into Washington and took part in the grand review of the Army of the Potomac; returned to camp the same day.

[June.]-The corps has remained in camp near Four-Mile Run during the month. Headquarters has remained unchanged.

First Division.

[February.]-The division remained in camp near Jerusalem plank road until the morning of the 5th.

February 5.-A sufficient guard having been left to protect the camps and surrounding property, the division moved out along the Weldon railroad in the direction of Dinwiddie Court-House, marching that day seventeen miles.

February 6.-Returned to Hatcher's Run before daylight.

February 7.-In the afternoon took part in a very severe engagement with the enemy, during which the division lost very heavily. The division held the line of works along the bank of Hatcher's Run until February 11.

February 11.-They recrossed the run and took up a position on the rear and flank, where they have been since, performing the usual picket, camp, and fatigue duties.

[March.]-The division performed the usual camp and outpost duties, &amp;c., until March 25, when it marched out, leaving, however, the Second Brigade back to support the Second Corps during the fighting that day. Returned in the evening, and remained until the 29th.

March 29.-A general move was made. Participated in all the engagements from Lewis' farm up to Boydton plank road, where the division lost very heavily.

[April.]-The division participated in all the engagements from the battle of Five Forks up to the surrender of Lee's army, losing heavily in killed and wounded.

