
Court-House, to operate in connection with the cavalry, then in the neighborhood of a place called Five Forks. My division was the last to retire. General Baxtere's (Second) brigade was formed in line of battle in the center, General Coulter's (Third) brigade on the left, and Colonel Kellogg's (First) brigade on the right in column by regiments. We marched in retreat in a southwest direction until we approached a road leading south to Boisseau's Cross-Roads. General Coulter had been ordered to go toward the White Oak road and then to strike the road leading to Boisseau's Cross-Roads, and to follow the other two brigades. The enemy did not follow us from his entrenchments upon the withdrawal of the skirmish lines, as was anticipated. Upon arriving at Boisseau's Cross-Roads the command was massed for a short time, when by an order received from Major-General Warren the division took the lead on a road leading directly to Five Forks. Near E. L. Boisseau's we were turned to the north on a road leading to the White Oak road past Gravelly Run Church. Upon arriving at Gravelly Run Church the division was formed with two brigades, namely: Second Brigade (General Baxter's) on the right, the First Brigade (Colonel Kellogg's) on the left, each in two lines, supported by General Coulter's (Third) brigade, in the rear of the center. Here we remained until the Second Division had arrived and adopted a similar formation on my left, and until the First Division had passed to my right and to the rear. We were in a short distance, less than half a mile, of the White Oak road. When the troops were in hand, the following order was sent to me, accompanied by a diagram, of which the following is a copy:

The following is the movement now about to be executed:

The line will move forward as formed till it reached the White Oak road, when it will swing round to the left perpendicular to the White Oak road. General Merritt's and General Custer's cavalry will charge the enemy's line as soon as the infantry get engaged, the cavalry on the left of the infantry, except Mackenzie's brigade, which is moving up the Whitee Oak road from the right.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

MAP.

In obedience to this order the command moved at once. We crossed Gravelly Run, crossed the White Oak road, and changed direction to the left and advanced directly to the west. We encountered the enemy's skirmishers shortly after moving, driving them steadily back. Our way led through bogs, tangled woods, and thickets of pine, interspersed with open spaces here and there. The connection between the Second Division and my line could not be maintained. I received orders from both General Sheridan and General Warren to press rapidly forward. I urged on the entire command. General Coulter's brigade, from being

