
in support in my rear, was brought to fill up the gap on the left between me and the Second Division. I pressed immediately on and found myself in the enemy's rear on the Ford road, which I crossed. Here I captured seven ambulances and several wagons of Wallace's brigade, which I sent at once to the rear, and many prisoners. No exact number can be reported, as they were sent to the rear as fast as taken. Just at this point the enemy opened upon my center and left flank a very heavy fire. Major-General Warren, arriving on the field at that moment, directed me to advance immediately down the Ford road, and General Coulter's brigade was selected for that purpose. Two regiments, commanded by Major Funk, were placed on what was then the left of the road, and the rest of the brigade were on the right, supported by the other two brigades in echelon. I advanced at once and captured a battery of four guns, the commanding officer of which was killed at that point, and also the battle-flag of the Thirty-second Virginia Infantry, which was captured by Sergt. Hiram A. Delavie,* Company I, Eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers. We then changed direction, and advanced again in a southwest direction, the enemy flying before us, though keeping up a desultory firing. The men advanced through the woods with the utmost enthusiasm until we came in rear of the works on the enemy's right flank, where a few shots were received. The command pressed steadily onward until after dark, when it was halted at a point on the White Oak road and subsequently marched back along that road to the neighborhood of the Gravelly Run road, from which we had started, where we passed the night.

I have greatly to regret the loss of many valuable officers, among whom are the following: Lieutenant Colonel A. B. Farnham, division inspector, while carrying an order from me to the left of the line, was, I fear, mortally wounded. Major H. H. Fish, commanding Ninety-fourth New York Volunteers, had received, the day before, a severe scalp wound which would have entitled him under any circumstances to remain at the rear. He rejoined his regiment, however, and was killed while bravely leading them into action. To Major Funk, commanding One hundred and twenty-first and One hundred and forty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, great credit is due for the manner in which he led on his command and for the capture of the enemy's guns on the Ford road. To Major Laycock, commanding a consolidated regiment of the Fifty-sixth and Eighty-eighth Pennsylvania, great commendation is due for the skill and admirable management of his men. To Colonel Tarbell, commanding Ninety-first New York Volunteers, a comparatively new regiment, also great commendation is due for the admirable manner in which this large command was handled.

The officers of my staff were constantly and actively engaged throughout the action, and their conduct was all I could wish. One of them, Lieutenant Wright, One hundred and fourth New York Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp, had his horse killed under him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Division.

Colonel FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Army Corps.

---------------

* Awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

56 R R - VOL XLVI, PT I

