
On the morning of the 3rd of April we again took up the line of march in pursuit of the flying enemy, who had beat a hasty retreat during the night, but failed to overtake them, and late in the evening bivouacked for the night.

On the morning of the 4th broke camp at an early hour, and took up the line of march in pursuit of the flying foe, reaching the Danville railroad at Jetersville Station in the afternoon of that day, finding it occupied by the cavalry under General Sheridan, and the enemy in strong force just beyond. Here the brigade was formed in line of battle, and the troops, weary and footsore, having traveled all day without food, labored nearly all night, throwing up breast-works, remaining in this position, resting and waiting for an attack, until the morning of the 6th, when we moved out to attack the enemy, who was found to have made another hasty retreat, but without overtaking him.

April 7, still following the enemy, the tired but gallant column pushed on, following the west side of the Appomattox to the high railroad bridge just after the enemy had crossed, the structure itself having been fired and three spans destroyed by the enemy.

On the 8th made a long forced march, the most tiresome I believe ever made by troops, being impeded by the wagon train of the Twenty-fourth Corps, the infantry being obliged either to march through the thicket or mix in promiscuously with the wagon train. Camped that night in line of battle. On the morning of the 9th again started in pursuit of the enemy, who were brought to bay near Appomattox Court-House. But before we were engaged, the enemy, tired, dispirited, harassed, and surrounded, surrendered at discretion.

A tabular and nominal list for each of the engagements, of casualties, I have already had the honor to forward. In conclusion, I beg leave to submit the following list of names of officers and men of my command who have distinguished themselves, and to ask for them a suitable recognition of their services (see regimental lists and previous reports). For further particulars, I beg leave to refer to my reports for thee 31st of March and 1st of April, already forwarded.

I have the honor to be, &amp; c.,

J. A. KELLOGG,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain HARRISON LAMBDIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION,April 25, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with field order of April 13, 1865, headquarters Third Division, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the action near the Boydton plank road ont he 31st day of March, 1865:

On the morning of that day my command, consisting of the Sixth and Seventh Wisconsin Veteran Volunteer Infantry and the Ninety-first New York Veteran Volunteers, pursuant to orders from the division commander, moved from their breast-works on the Boydton plank road in a northwesterly direction, across Gravelly Run about a mile, where the brigade was massed in column of regiments, right in front, in a thick wood near an open field, and remained in this position about half an hour. The command was then ordered to deploy in line of battle on the left of the Second Brigade, commanded by Brigadier-

