
There are others, both officers and men, deserving special mention. The names of such officers will be found submitted in my report of the 23rd instant for brevets, as recommended by their regimental commanders.

My loss in killed, wounded, and missing was large for the time engaged, amounting to 8 officers and 290 men.

I transmit herewith a tabular and nominal list of casualties occurring on that day.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. KELLOGG,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain HARRISON LAMBDIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION,April 10, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command on the 1st instant.

On the evening of the 31st of March the command encamped near the battle-field of that day, about one mile and a half northwest from the Boydton plank road, in column of regiments, right in front, facing the north. About daylight in the morning of the 1st instant, in accordance with orders, I changed the front of the brigade, by change of direction by the right flank, facing the east, and moved in colum, faced by the rear rank, in a westerly direction about three quarters of a mile, through an open field, my right connecting with the Second Brigade, commanded by Brigadier-General Baxter. At this point, by direction of the general commanding the division, the command was changed from the order in column and moved left in front, in a southwesterly direction, following the Second Division, Fifth Army Corps, to a position on Gravelly Run, near the Moody house and Gravelly Run Church, where, by order of the general commanding division, the brigade was formed in two lines of battle, the Sixth and Seventh Wisconsin Veteran Volunteers holding the front line. The right of my line connected with General Baxter's command, the left with the Second Division, Fifth Army Corps. Receiving orders to that effect, I advanced my command to a road about half a mile in my immediate front, at which point it executed a left wheel. Here we became engaged with the enemy, the command moving forward and firing as it advanced, driving the enemy before us. In moving through a dense thicket and wood, the connection became broken between my left and the Second Division, causing a large interval, which was taken advantage of by the enemy, who threw a force on my left flank and opened fire, evidently with the desire of arresting the forward movement of the line of battle. I ordered my front line to continue the advance, and ordered one battalion of the Ninety-first New York Veteran Volunteers, forming a portion of my second line, under command of Colonel Tarbell, to deploy on the left flank of the brigade, covering that flank, with orders to move forward and engage the enemy at short range. This order was promptly executed, holding the enemy at bay, until the Third Brigade, commanded by General Coulter, came up and filled the interval. My brigade now occupied the center of the line, between the brigades of Generals Baxter and Coulter, and continued in that position until we found the enemy entrenched. We then drove

