
them from their works across an open field, pursuing them closely about three-quarters of a mile, taking many prisoners and killing and wounding many of the enemy, when, in compliance with orders, the brigade was moved into camp for the night.

I cannot speak too highly of the officers and men of my command; all did their duty. I desire especially to mention Colonel Tarbell and Lieutenant-Colonel Denslow, Ninety-first New York Veteran Volunteers; Acting Major Whaley; Second Lieutenant William H. Church, acting adjutant; First Lieutenant Thomas Kelly, commanding Company H, and Lieutenant Davis, commanding Company F, of the Sixth Wisconsin Veteran Volunteers - who were conspicuous for gallantry and daring on that day. Also the members of my staff, who were all that I could desire. Every order was correctly transmitted, and no one faltered in his duty. Lieutenant Sherley, Ninety-first New York Veteran Volunteers, temporarily serving on my staff, had his horse shot under him while gallantly discharging his duty.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. KELLOGG,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain HARRISON LAMBDIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.

Numbers 99. Report of Colonel Jonathan Tarbell, Ninety-first New York Infantry.
HDQRS. NINETY-FIRST NEW YORK VETERAN VOLS.,In the Field, near Appomattox Court-House, Va., April 12, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit my report of the movements of the Ninty-first New York Veteran Volunteers from the 29th ultimo to the present time, premising that the regiment has not at any time been detached, so that its movements are embraced in the history of the First Brigade, Third [Division], Fifth Army Corps, to which it belongs.

Being in camp about two miles from Humphreys' Station, on the U. S. Military Railroad from City Point, early in the day of the 29th ultimo the regiment, with its brigade and division, entered upon the grand campaign which has just closed so gloriously. Marching in a southwesterly direction, the advance met and drove the enemy near the Boydton plank road late in the afternoon of that day, the Ninety-first, with its brigade, being formed in line of battle, but the retreat of the rebels rendered its engagement unnecessary. The 30th was a very rainy day, and was spent in camp, at night throwing up entrenchments at the crossing of the Boydton plank road over --- creek to intercept a probable movement of the rebels in that direction.

On the 31st the march was again taken up, leaving the earth-works in our rear. About 9 o'clock in the morning the advance met and engaged the enemy near the Quaker road, the Ninety-first being in column by battalions, with its brigade, in a dense wood a short distance in rear of the troops engaged in action. In the temporary absence of the brigade commander giving the Sixth and Seventh Wisconsin Regiments new positions, a brigade from the front, denoting a rapid retreat, broke through my battalions to the rear. The movement being imminent I took the responsibility of deploying my regiment into line of battle, which I did to the right of the third battalion, advancing my line about ten yards to the brow of a small declivity having a little ravine at its base, when

