
I at once opened fire briskly, checking the enemy on this part of the line and turning him off to our left, remaining in this position until all other troops had left the field and the enemy in large numbers had passed my left considerably to our rear, when I directed my regiment to retire. I have since learned that orders had been sent to me to retire some twenty or thirty minutes before I moved to the rear, but the gallant acting assistant adjutant-general who started with the message for me fell wounded before reaching me, observed by some of my officers, but at the time unknown to me. At a log house in a clearing in the line of retreat an attempt to check the enemy was made, in which a portion of my regiment participated, my colors, myself, my lieutenant-colonel, Captain Felthousen, and others among the number, in vain. On the brow of a high declivity farther in the rear a successful stand was made, and here a large portion of my regiment took an active part. Lieutenant-Colonel Denslow with a number of men and officers assisted in supporting a battery on its right, while others, under my own direction, officers and men, were in the line on the left of the battery. The enemy was here checked, the troops reformed, and another forward movement at once entered upon, passing over the battle-ground beyond the Quaker road and encamping for the night without further engagement on our part.

April 1, at daylight, the march was resumed, resulting in turning the rebel right, compelling the enemy to evacuate strong and extensive earth-works, and to a hasty and evidently unexpected retreat. On this morning the regiment broke camp at an early hour in obedience to the orders of the proper commander, marching with the brigade and division by a circuitous route several miles to the rebel right and rear, halting near what was said to be called the Gravelly Run Church, where the troops were formed in line of battle about 2 p. m., the Ninety-first New York forming the second line of this brigade, in rear of the Sixth and Seventh Wisconsin Regiments, connecting on the right with General Baxter's (Second) brigade, Third Division, advancing thence directly on the enemy about 3 p. m. After marching thus in line of battle a short distance, the enemy's fire was drawn, and soon after the left wing of the Ninety-first was moved up to the first line of battle, on the left of the front of the brigade to which it belongs; shortly after the right wing was also moved up to the first line, both in obedience to orders of brigade commanders. The firing of the enemy was sharp, close, and continued, but the Ninety-first, with the other troops, advanced steadily, sometimes on the run, driving the enemy, who was not allowed to make a stand. Arriving at right of the enemy's entrenchments, a portion of the Ninety-first took an active part in the capture of four pieces of the enemy's artillery. Under the lead of its officers, headed by its colors, the regiment promptly charged thence across a large, open field, where the fire of the enemy was particularly severe and where the most of the casualties of the day occurred. Following in this charge, over the rebel works and across the field, Major-General Warren close to, and next to him, over the rebel works and across the field. On the further side of the field the rebels disappeared from sight by a hasty flight into the woods, and so far as the Ninety-first was concerned, nothing further was seen of the enemy that day. The advance was continued till within tow or three miles of the South Side Railroad, when a halt was ordered, and where the Ninety-first was the first regiment reformed. It was not long after dark, and the troops were halted to be reformed. This done, the Ninety-first went into camp for the night, with its brigade and division, marching back some four or five miles for that purpose.

