
During the advance and though fighting all the way, the entire line of battle successfully made a left wheel, by refusing the left and advancing the right, the Ninety-first performing its appropriate part in this splendid movement.

I respectfully submit that my officers, without exception, behaved throughout in the most gallant and resolute manner, while the men rushed on with loud cheers at almost every step. My color-bearer, Sergt. Patrick W. Mullen, Company I, is entitled to especial notice for his coolness and steadiness; he went at my side over the enemy's breast-works into the open field spoken of; but, as far as I can ascertain, Corpl. Egbert H. Caswell, Company I, was the first man of the regiment to spring over, calling on his comrades to follow. Sergt. Henry S. Lodewick, Company K, and others took part in the capture of the enemy's artillery beyond the right of the regiment.

April 2, our men marched with the other troops to the east two or three miles, where we halted, receiving the news of the evacuation of Petersburg. During the forenoon we were putt on a rapid march to the west, reaching the South Side Railroad only to find it evacuated by the enemy. The troops without halting were started on the track of that road, the mile-boards marking thirteen miles from Petersburg, following this track on a swift walk three or four miles, when information was received of a column of the enemy to the west, after which the already tired, foot-sore, and hungry troops were hastened without a moment's delay and at a pace which even flying fugitives could not outdo, overtaking the rebels late in the evening of that day. The Ninety-first went into camp with the other troops in line of battle, its right on a wood and swamp, and forming the second line of its brigade. Late in the evening the Ninety-first with other regiments of the brigade became engaged with a party of the enemy in the woods on our right, in which my regiment lost 1 killed and 15 wounded. The engagement lasted only a few moments, when the rebels retired.

April 3, we started with the other troops in pursuit of the enemy, who had retreated during the night, following by forced marches, and though the way was strewn with the evidence of a hasty flight, we failed to overtake the enemy that day, and at a late hour after dark bivouacked for the night.

April 4, again pursued the enemy, reaching the Danville railroad at Jetersville, Station, finding it in possession of the Union troops, and the enemy in strong force just beyond. Here the First Brigade, including the Ninety-first, threw up strong breast-works, awaiting and wishing an attack.

April 6, at 6 a. m. marched out to attack the enemy, who was found to have made another hasty retreat, but we followed on his track, making a long and forced march of about thirty-two miles.

April 7, still pressing the enemy, following the west side of the Appomattox, approaching the High Bridge, so called, over that stream soon after the passage of the enemy.

April 8, farther pursuit of the enemy and guarding the trains.

April 9, started with the train, but were detached at an early hour and sent to the assistance of our troops engaged with the enemy on the Lynchburg road, but success crowning the efforts of our brothers before we reached the scene of action, we were not engaged. On the afternoon of the 9th the enemy surrendered near Appomattox Court-House, where the Ninety-first is in camp with its brigade and division.

From the best calculation that I am able to make, the distance actually traveled since the 29th ultimo exceeds 150 miles.

