
My officers and men have generally manifested the most determined perseverance and courage. Captain Hobbs and Lieutenant Danforth were seriously wounded on the 1st instant while gallantly leading their men on the final brilliant charge over the open fields alluded to above. Lieutenant Chapman was dangerously wounded in the neck on the 31st ultimo while cheering his men and using the musket of a fallen soldier. Lieutenant Reese walked the last half of the march in bare feet. The shoes of Sergt. Major E. R. Cone gave out early in the march, yet he has not only kept up with the regiment, but has performed all his duties in bare feet. Private James Richardson, Company F, wounded on the 1st instant, without shoes, his feet dressed in cloths, has kept up with the regiment, and is now present for duty. Private Daniel D. Tompkins, Company B, seriously wounded in the thigh, had the ball extracted, refused to stay in hospital, and is with the regiment for duty. Private Dennis Fitzpatrick, Company A, wounded twice, has kept up with the regiment. Private John Grafton, Company G, captured a rebel captain and turned him over to the proper authority. Private Henry Phelps, Company B, captured the adjutant of the Thirty-fourth Alabama, turned him over to the provost-marshal, Fifth Army Corps, and holds receipt. Sergt. Warren C. Fadden has been conspicuous for keeping the men in line and column, while two or threee of my officers are to the rear on account of sickness; most of them have persevered against hunger, sore feet, exhaustion, and actual sickness, cheered on step by step to renewed exertion by the unequaled generalship that was moving us to such grand results. The same may be said of my entire regiment; though a few fell out, the great body has moved compactly, orderly, and soldierly, entitling it to my thanks and my pride.

The following are the casualties Ninety-first New York Veteran Volunteers March 31 and April 1 and 2: March 31, killed, 25 men; wounded, 106 men, 3 officers; missing, 16 men. April 1, killed, 6 men; wounded, 38 men, 2 officers; missing, 6 men. April 2, killed, 1 man; wounded, 15 men. Total, killed, 32 men; wounded, 159 men, 5 officers; missing, 22 men.

Respectfully submitted.

J. TARBELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain HENRY NAEGLY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 100. Report of Brigadier General Henry Baxter, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,April 10, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by this brigade in the action of the 1st instant in battle of Five Forks:

Formed line of battle in rear of works occupied night previous near White Oak road, marching in retreat toward Gravelly Run Church, the Third Brigade (Brevet Brigadier-General Coulter) on our left flank and First Brigade (Colonel Kellogg) on right flank, with Thirty-ninth Massachusetts Volunteers, deployed as skirmishers, following the movement. March was continued to Gravelly Run Church, where [we] arrived about 3 p. m. Brigade was here formed in two lines, on right of division - First Brigade (Colonel Kellogg) on left and Third Brigade (Gen

