
May 2.-Marched from Wilson's Station, Va., via Petersburg, to Richmond.

May 6.-Passed through Richmond; marched toward Washington.

May 12.-Arrived at Arlington Heights.

First Brigade, First Division.

February 5.-In accordance with orders, the brigade broke camp at 6.30 a. m., and with the balance of the division moved west to the Weldon railroad; then south and southwest on a road leading to Dinwiddie Court-House, halting at 4 p. m. on the plantation of Oliver Chappell, and remained until 11 p. m.; then retruded by the same road to the Vaughan road; then marched north on the Vaughan road to the south bank of Hatcher's Run and occupied earth-works covering crossing of the stream.

February 6.-About 3 p. m. the brigade was ordered to the support of General Winthrop's brigade, then being pressed by an assault of the enemy. Formed a line of battle, facing west, and moved forward. A charge was ordered on the enemy, which was executed in a most gallant style. The enemy broke at the first volley and fled in great confusion. After pursuing for some distance, the brigade was halted, in consequence of being out of ammunition. At 5.30 p. m. rapid firing commenced on the right and to the rear, when the command was changed to face northwest, and remained under arms all night.

February 7.-In the morning the enemy threatened an attack. Sharp firing was kept up between the two lines of skirmishers for three-quarters of an hour, when, a heavy rain and hail storm seeing in, the enemy withdrew to cover of woods. At 11 a. m. the brigade was relieved by General Gregg's cavalry, and reoccupied the works left the previous day. The casualties were comparatively small. Since the last-mentioned date doing picket and fatigue duty and in erecting quarters.

March 25.-The brigade left camp at Hatcher's Run, Va., in the morning, and with the balance of the division supported the Second Corps in their attack on the enemy's lines, returning to camp the same night.

March 29.-Broke camp in the morning; met the enemy on Lewis' farm, near Gravelly Run, Va., and, after a desperate engagement of nearly two hours, being re-enforced by three regiments from the Third Brigade, drove him from the field. The loss in killed and wounded was severe. Bivouacked on the field of battle.

March 31.-In the morning advanced on the enemy and drove him from his defenses on White Oak road and turned the breast-works; bivouacked for the night; our losses were light.

April 1.-The brigade resumed the march at 6.30 a. m., and with the corps joined General Sheridan's command at 8.30 of the same morning. Advanced in line of battle against the enemy at 3.30 p. m. and fought the battle of Five Forks, capturing a large number of prisoners. Our loss was small.

April 2.-Crossed the South Side Railroad in pursuit of the retreating enemy, which pursuit was followed up until the surrender of General Lee, April 9, near Appomattox Court-House. Remained at this point until the 15th awaiting the parole of prisoners and gathering in captured arms and ammunition.

April 15.-In the morning took up the line of march for the South Side Railroad, arriving at Wilson's Station, on that road, the 21st. Here the brigade went into camp, doing duty along the railroad and at residences in the vicinity during the remainder of the month.

