
eral Coulter) in rear - One hundred and seventh Pennsylvania (Colonel McCoy), Ninety-seventh New York (Lieutenant-Colonel Egelston), and Thirty-ninth Massachusetts (Captain Cooper commanding) forming advance line; Sixteenth Maine (Colonel Tilden) and Eleventh Pennsylvania (Major Overmyer commanding) forming rear line. One company Eleventh Pennsylvania was deployed as skirmishers, connecting on right with skirmishers of First Division and on left with those of First Brigade. Advance was ordered at 3.30 p. m. of the entire line, when we moved forward at once, soon encountering the enemy's skirmishers, driving them steadily before us. On arriving at White Oak road changed direction to the left, moving parallel with road. We swept down upon the enemy's works, driving them from them in confusion. One stand of colors was captured by the Eleventh Pennsylvania and many prisoners by the brigade; also several ambulances and wagons. The pursuit was continued until dark, when, all resistance having ceased, a halt was ordered, and the brigade, with the division, moved back on White Oak road and bivouacked.

Officers and men conducted themselves creditably, and I think the comparatively small loss may be, in a great measure, attributed to the celerity with which they pushed forward.

Regimental commanders all exhibited energy and ability in conducting their commands and rendering them effective. Major Overmyer, Eleventh Pennsylvania, although receiving a painful wound in the shoulder while charging the enemy's works, remained with his command, and by his coolness and daring courage fully sustained his heretofore well-earned reputation. Captain Plummer, Sixteenth Maine Volunteers, brigade inspector, was energetic in rendering me every assistance, until, while superintending the skirmish line, he was, unfortunately, captured. Captain Sheen, Thirty-ninth Massachusetts Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general, Lieutenant Leavitt, Sixteenth Maine volunteers, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant Knaggs, aide-de-camp, also rendered me efficient aid, exhibiting coolness and energy under all circumstances. Captain B. F. Bucklin, commissary of subsistence, is entitled to especial mention, having volunteered his services and performed his duties with that energy and daring he has so often exhibited on former occasions.

Herewith I send nominal and tabular lists of casualties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. BAXTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Captain HARRISON LAMBDIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.

Numbers 101. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Rouse S. Egelston, Ninety-seventh New York Infantry.
HDQRS. NINETY-SEVENTH Regiment NEW YORK STATE VOLS.,April 25, 1865.

Report of the part taken by the Ninety-seventh Regiment New York State Volunteers in the actions during the campaign from March 29 until April 9, 1865:

On the 29th day of March, 1865, the regiment broke camp and took up the line of march with the brigade at daybreak. Marched about

