
six or eight miles toward the Boydton plank road, and formed line of battle, facing north, on the left of the First Division, which was then engaged on our right. We advanced about half a mile in line of battle, when we halted near the Boydton plank road, and remained during the night. Next morning, the 30th, marched to the plank road, forming line parallel with the road, and built breast-works. Remained there during the day.

march 31, marched about one mile and a half; crossed a branch of the Stony Creek - Gravelly Run; formed line of battle under fire of the enemy's skirmish line. The enemy's lines advancing, and the troops on our left giving way, we were compelled to fall back, with some loss. The line was reformed after recrossing the creek, and we again advanced half a mile beyond our former position, recovering the wounded, who were before left on the field. We there remained during the night.

April 1, marched to the left six or seven miles to support General Sheridan; formed line of battle on the right of Gravelly Run Church; advanced in line about three miles, driving the enemy. April 2, marched to the South Side Railroad, Sutherland's Station; marched down the railroad several miles, struck to the left four or five miles, where we halted, forming two lines of battle. The enemy's skirmish line opened suddenly on us, when Lieutenant-Colonel Egelstotn was wounded. The firing ceased, and we remained during the night. April 3, crossed the north branch of Appomattox River, marched about ten or twelve miles, and halted for the night about two miles from Mannborough. April 4, marched through Mannborough and Dennisville to the Danville railroad, near Jeter's Station, where we halted for the night. The Ninety-seventh did picket duty all day the 5th. April 6, passed Jetersville, marched a short distance northeast, then west toward Burkeville Junction, passing through Paineville, halting about three miles east of Burke's high bridge for the night. April 7, crossed the Appomattox, about two miles above the railroad bridge, and marched to Prince Edward Court-House, leaving Farmville on the right, where we stayed for the night. April 8, left Prince Edward Court-House, passed near Hampden-Sidney College, crossed Bitter's Run, passed Prospect, and encamped for the night about five miles east of Appomattox Court-House. On the morning of the 9th marched near the Court-House, where we were about to form line of battle, when flag of truce was sent in.

Casualties: Killed, 2 enlisted men; wounded, 2 officers and 18 enlisted men; missing, 7 enlisted men.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. EGELSTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Numbers 102. Report of Colonel Thomas F. McCoy, One hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 107TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLS.,Appomattox Court-House, Va., April 14, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to your order of to-day, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my regiment in the late

