
great movements, resulting in the surrender of General Lee and the Army of Northern Virginia, under his command:

At 3 o'clock on the morning of March 29 I broke camp, then in the bounds of the Third Brigade, having been attached to that brigade since February 5, and marched about a mile and reported with my command in the field in front of your (General Baxter's) headquarters. At about 6 a. m. the division moved, your brigade leading the column and my regiment in the advance. The First and Second Divisions of the corps (Fifth) preceded ours on the Halifax road southwest, and going over the same route as that of the 5th of February movement. The march was continued in this direction, passing Rowanty Creek and the Vaughan road some distance south of Hatcher's Run, until we struck the Quakerroad, up which we turned in the direction of the Boydton plank road, and crossed the Gravelly Run near the Spain House. Here the division was massed. The First Division, advancing up the road, was soon briskly engaged with a large force of the enemy. Our brigade was immediately ordered forward, and formed line of battle, with the right resting on the road and near the left of the First Division. A battery was immediately in our rear. Soon a farther advance in line was made and into the thick wood and underbrush. While this advance was in progress I was ordered to form a connection with Bartlett's brigade on the left of the First Division, which I soon effected and retained during the evening. The enemy were driven back all along the line, the principal fighting being with the First Division. By this movement their attempt to flank us was defeated, and the possession of the Boydton road, an important point, was secured. On the morning of the 30th, in a heavy rain, we moved so as to connect with the left of the First Division, and threw up breast-works and slashed the timber in front. The storm continued during the night and forenoon of the 31st, rendering the roads deep with mud and water and swelling the streams. Early in the morning of this day the division was moved forward and to the left of the Boydton road, and over a deep run, a branch of Gravelly Run, about a mile in advance of the former line, and while getting into position the Second Division, partially in our front, was suddenly attacked by the enemy, and gave way, rushing through our lines, then in course of formation. My regiment was formed on the right of the brigade, and the brigade being on the right of the division, I connected with no other troops until the brigade said to be General Gwyn's, of the Second Division, having been driven from the front line, partially rallied on my right; but when the enemy flanked the division on the left, the brigade or regiment successively giving away, and opened a sharp fire in our front, the part of the brigade of Second Division that had rallied on my right also gave way, leaving my regiment at this time the only one on the line. Seeing that I would soon be surrounded if I remained longer, I immediately ordered my regiment to retire, which was done with little loss. A battery being put in position on the opposite side of the run, supported by part of the First Division, formed the first secure rallying point, and here the rebel advance was successfully resisted. Soon fresh troops of the First Division advanced, supported by the Second and Third, to recover the ground lost, which was handsomely done and a farther advance made nearly to the fortified line of the enemy, securing the possession of the White Oak road, another important point. Here breast-works were put up, and we bivouacked for the night.

Early in the morning of April 1 the whole corps withdrew from this part of the line. The movement was covered by our brigade,

