
April 3, after the balance of the corps reached our camp the march in pursuit of the enemy was continued, his forces having decamped during the night. Our march was on the road leading toward Jetersville, on the Danville railroad, being about four miles south of Amelia Court-House and near eight miles north of Burkeville Junction. The road over which we passed to-day exhibited many evidences of the haste with which the retreating enemy were moving. While on the march to-day the pleasing intelligence that Petersburg and Richmond were in our possession was proclaimed along the line, eliciting great cheering and most hearty rejoicing.

April 4, at an early hour were again on the march, the Third Division leading the corps, and late in the evening reached the Richmond and Danville Railroad at the Jetersville Station, being preceded, however, by a part of the cavalry. At this time great care and caution seemed to be taken, as the enemy, with a large train, was reported near. The troops were placed in line of battle, the line crossing the railroad and the turnpike road running parallel with it. The enemy not advancing, entrenchments were thrown up during the night. The next day, April 5, the march was not resumed, but the troops were kept in momentary expectation of the advance of the enemy. Rations, of which the men were in much need, arrived, and were issued. The Second and Sixth Corps arrived during the day. The cavalry made a capture of some prisoners and artillery, and destroyed a train of the enemy. To-night orders were received to prepare for an advance upon the enemy in the morning.

At an early hour April 6 the Fifth Corps moved north toward Amelia Court-House, where the enemy was supposed to be, with a view of attacking him. It was soon ascertained, by deserters and stragglers of the enemy coming into our lines, that Lee's army had decamped during the night, on parallel roads farther west, and our order of march was immediately changed with a view of pursuit. Our column turned southwest, and took the Paineville road in the direction of Farmville. The Second and Sixth Corps pursued upon other roads, and came in contact with the enemy, capturing prisoners, artillery, and trains in large numbers. Our march to-day was supposed to be about thirty miles, and the troops were much exhausted. We encamped at a point within about three miles of the high and long bridge, where the South Side Railroad passed the Appomattox toward Lynchburg, and within three miles of Farmville. To-day our corps was on the right of the army.

April 7, moved at an early hour in the direction of the bridge. Heavy cannonading was heard in that direction, and farther to the east at another crossing. The Fifth Corps was transferred from the right to the left of the army, and continued its march until its arrival at Prince Edward Court-House, having made during the day a march of over twenty miles.

April 8, again in motion on the road leading to Lynchburg, and continued the march until about one o'clock at night, the troops being much exhausted, having marched about thirty miles.

April 9, soon after daylight the division was again on the march, our brigade leading. Cannonading soon began forward in the direction of our advance. We soon came near the spot where this last skirmishing with the rebel army took place, and found that the cavalry under Sheridan, part of the Twenty-fourth Corps, and our own (Fifth Corps) were occupying the road leading through Appomattox Court-House toward Lynchburg, over which General Lee with his army must

