
pass if he ever succeeded in reaching that point. At this time our columns were forming to advance upon the enemy, then a short distance east of the Court-House. He, finding himself surrounded on all sides with nearly the whole Army of the Potomac, and that it would be destruction to attempt a farther advance, sent in a white flag, which resulted in a truce until 4 o'clock, at which hour it was announced, amidst the acclamations of the troops present, that General Lee had, upon conditions proposed by Lieutenant-General Grant, surrendered himself and the Army of Northern Virginia, under his command. This great and happy event closed the operations of the 9th, capping the climax of great achievements for the Army of the Potomac, and rendering it, and the day itself, ever memorable in history.

I would express my sense of the good conduct of Lieutenant H. W. Smyser, Company E, part of the time acting adjutant (Lieutenant Venai having been relieved on account of sickness), and Lieutenant H. H. Hutton, Company K, and the following non-commissioned officers: Sergt. Major L. B. Green; Sergt. J. A. Tompkins, commanding Company F; Sergt. Michael J. Hawley, commanding Company C; Sergt. William C. Beck, commanding Company H; Sergt. George Smith, commanding Company B; Sergt. William Hoover, commanding Company D; Sergt. Isaac S. Dissinger, commanding Company I until wounded April [March] 31, when Sergt. John Delany succeeded to the command, in which he did himself great credit; Sergt. Joseph Fitzpatrick and Sergt. A. Kinney Buoy, Company F; Sergt. G. C. Worley, Company I; Sergt. J. R. Michaels, Company K, Sergts. William Commers and D. Noel, Company B; Corpl. John L. Willey, commanding Company A; Corpl. William Sterner, commanding Company G; Corporals Whalk, Company A, Borry, Company I, S. P. Obourn, J. Bullman, J. Westlake, and John M. Hileman (color-bearer) of Company C; Corporals Harrop and Montgomery, Company H; Corpl. Philip B. Roath, Company E; Corporals Hinkleman and Lehr, Company G.

I would also mention for their faithfulness and good conduct Asst. Surg. R. S. Dana and Hospital Steward James A. Watson; and Commissary Sergt. William Ackermann, the regimental quartermaster, John M. Montgomery, and Chaplain W. T. Campbell, who was with the division field hospital, and rejoined the regiment April 6.

A list of the casualties is appended.*

In closing this, which will doubtless be the last and final report of battles for this regiment, I would express my gratitude to a kind and ever merciful Providence that He has permitted us to pass through the many exposures, hardships, and great perils of this last great and closing campaign of an unprecedented was with comparatively so little sacrifice of life and blood, and that the lives and the health of so many brave officers and men of the regiment have been preserved, under the shield of His almighty power during the past three eventful years, to return to their homes to dwell in peace and rejoice over violated laws vindicated, a righteous Government preserved, the Union restored, and the old flag re-established with more than its original power, beauty, and significance, in some honorable degree through their instrumentality.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. F. MCCOY,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain W. G. SHEEN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Embodied in table, p. 586.

---------------

