
Numbers 103. Report of Bvt. Brigadier General Richard Coulter, Eleventh Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Millsville Station, Va., April 26, 1865.

SIR: I report the following part taken by brigade in movements from March 29 to April 9, both dates inclusive:

Pursuant to previous orders, March 29, broke camp on Halifax road, reaching point near Boydton plank road about 10 a. m., where General Griffin had already engaged the enemy. Went into line on General Ayres' left. One hundred and forty-seventh New York (Brevet Colonel Dailey) and Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania, consolidated (Major Laycock), having entered the line, immediately advanced, engaging enemy's skirmishers, driving them across the plank road, which road was then permanently held at this point by brigade; and, further, being first occupation of that road. After several changes of position division massed for night when plank road was struck, Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Dailey, One hundred and forty-seventh New York, picketing front. Butler house, front of picket-line, was burned to prevent enemy from making lodgment there. Rained heavily during evening and night. Loss in brigade slight. Bvt. Captain Lemuel Shaw, Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania, very severely wounded.

March 30, remained, without important change, in same position, making several lines of works, finally adopting and erecting works on line of plank road. In morning Colonel Dailey's pickets were advanced, left resting at Gravelly Run bridge, on plank road, and right connecting with General Griffin, with reserve at Butler and Burnett houses, and for this purpose Ninety-fifth New York was added to his command. Slight skirmishing on right of picket-line, but no casualties. Rained during entire day.

March 31, marched to Dabney's house, on Gravelly Run, and near White Oak road. General Ayres' division (one brigade) went into line about three-quarters of a mile from White Oak road. By orders from division headquarters reported to General Ayres, and was shown position to be occupied by brigade, short distance in rear of Second Division lines. While going into position right by file preceding line had advanced and engaged enemy, and before this brigade was, or could be, properly in position first line was retiring. Pressed by the enemy about same time, of four battalions in position, three of the commanders - Lieutenant-Colonel Dailey, One hundred and forty-seventh New York, Lieutenant-Colonel Warren, One hundred and forty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Major Fish, Ninety-fourth New York - had been wounded. The enemy had also concentrated a fire on left flank. These causes, with the retiring of Second Division, compelled the falling back of this brigade. After several temporary intermediate formations of line, secured position on ridge occupied by First Division (General Griffin). The enemy being now checked, was again advanced, this brigade recrossing Gravelly Run and forming in two lines on left of General Ayres. White Oak road was regained without much loss to advance line (General Griffin) and without any further loss in brigade. Here bivouacked for night.

April 1, marched from above point, being near junction White Oak road and Dinwiddie Court-House, reaching Gravelly Run Church 3 p. m., where line was formed - division in center, brigade in two

