
lines, in rear and center of First and Second Brigades, order commencing on right: First line - Fifty-sixth and Eighty-eighth Pennsylvania (consolidated), Major Laycock; strength, 14 officers and 309 men; Ninety-fourth New York, Major Fish; strength, 9 officers and 214 men. Second line - One hundred and forty-seventh New York, Captain McKinley; strength, 12 officers and 315 men; Ninety-fifth New York, Captain Knight; strength, 6 officers and 88 men; One hundred and twenty-first and One hundred and forty-second Pennsylvania (consolidated), Major Funk; strength, 15 officers and 195 men. Total, 56 officers and 1,011 men. At 3.30 p. m. advanced, crossing White Oak road, when direction was changed to left and parallel to road, left of division resting on road, Second Division being on left and south of road; soon after enemy was engaged. After half-mile advance formed brigade in front and directly engaged with enemy, part of first line having been passed, and others perhaps not maintaining proper directions, having closed distances, to right and left. Fire became severe; force which had engaged First Brigade now turning their attention to our left flank. Left was maintained on White Oak road until reaching woods fronting enemy's works. Here found no connection on left, and no troops whatever in that direction. Also, enemy had battery in position about 400 yards to front, on road. By direction of General Crawford, moved two regiments - One hundred and twenty-first and One hundred and forty-second Pennsylvania, under Major Funk - to left of road, and again advanced. Battery was captured, consisting of four guns; also, number of ambulances; commanding officer being killed by one of Major Funk's skirmishers. Continued advance without halting, enemy retreating; their fire had almost ceased. Changed direction somewhat to right of road, and after passing some distance beyond captured guns, connected with portion of First and Second Divisions, who were also advancing on left of division; farther on connected on right with Eleventh Pennsylvania, left of General Baxter's brigade. Enemy's works were soon crossed, and continued to advance with residue of corps and cavalry to point where line halted, all resistance having ceased. Division then retired to near Gravelly Run Church, on White Oak road, and bivouacked for the night. Entire advance covered distance about one mile and a half, much of which was over very broken ground. Fire was very severe at two points when directed on our left flank, and also upon approaching enemy's battery. My own horse being wounded during action, was dismounted for a period until loss could be supplied.

April 2, crossed Hatcher's Run, following Church road to South Side Railroad, followed railroad to crossing of Cox's road, and from that point marched to forks of Namozine and River roads. Division was about to go into camp when it was again moved along Namozine road, crossing Candle's Run, to junction of Church or Ford's and Namozine roads. Here found enemy (said to be under General Fitzhugh Lee) encamped, with works along Namozine road, having checked our cavalry at this point. Slight skirmishing between advance and pickets. Very few casualties. Very late bivouacked for the night.

April 3, during night enemy made good his retreat; marched, rejoining residue of corps in afternoon. From this date to April 9 brigade was not again actively engaged, duties being confined to a series of long and tedious marches, over miserable roads, along which were found abundant evidences of rapid and fatiguing retreat by enemy.

April 9, reached Appomattox Court-House 8.30 a. m., going into position with residue of corps, part of First Division having been

57 R R - VOL XLVI, PT I

