
slightly engaged with enemy, who had again been brought to stand at this point. Further movements were now arrested by reception of flag of truce, which eventuated in the capitulation same day of Army of Northern Virginia (rebel), General Lee to Lieutenant-General Grant.

The conduct of officers and men was creditable, and to their alacrity in advancing on April 1, especially, I attribute the small list of casualties - small when compared to other fields on which these troops have been engaged.

Major H. H. Fish, Ninety-fourth New York, was severely wounded March 31, but his sense of duty and regimental pride impelled him to resume command of his regiment, and he fell while gallantly leading it in action of April 1, as also Captain George French, of same regiment, another gallant and deserving officer.

Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel D. B. Dailey, Sixth Wisconsin Volunteers, commanding One hundred and forty-seventh New York, Major Laycock, Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania, and Major Funk, One hundred and twenty-first Pennsylvania, all deserve honorable mention. Lieutenant-Colonel Dailey, for promptness and gallantry on March 29 and 31; on 31st he was severely wounded. Major Laycock, for his gallantry on all the dates when brigade was engaged, but particularly for the manner of conducting and maintaining his large and recently consolidated command on March 31 and April 1. Major Funk, for his conduct in capture of enemy's guns on April 1.

Bvt. Major H. G. Elder, One hundred and forty-second Pennsylvania, inspector of brigade, and Lieutenant R. Esmond, One hundred and forty-seventh New York, acting assistant adjutant-general, are mentioned for gallantry; the former had two horses shot under him, one on March 313 and other April 1, and although painfully wounded on April 1, remained on field rendering good service. Lieutenant Esmond had his horse shot under him on March 31; he has been heretofore recommended for brevet promotion bestowed on meritorious officers.

Lieutenant Joel A. Baker, One hundred and forty-seventh New York Volunteers, aide-de-camp, proved himself a valuable officer, and I desire to acknowledge his services and assistance.

A nominal list of casualties has been heretofore forwarded; a tabular statement is annexed.

R. COULTER,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

Captain J. H. LAMBDIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division, Fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 104. Report of Bvt. Brigadier General Charles S. Wainwright, First New York Light Artillery, commanding Artillery Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY BRIGADE,April 21, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit herewith my report of the part taken by this command in the campaign ending with the surrender of the rebel Army of Northern Virginia.

In accordance with orders four batteries - Fifth Massachusetts, C, E, and L, First New York - were detached from the brigade, with their proportion of the quartermaster and ordnance train, and placed under the immediate command of Bvt. Major Charles A. Phillips, with directions to report to General Tidball on the morning of the 29th of March. No

