
May 2.-The brigade passed through Petersburg, and marched toward Richmond.

May 4.-Arrived at Manchester, opposite that city.

May 6.-It passed through Richmond, leading the corps, and arrived in the vicinity of Washington, D. C.

May 30.-The One hundred and eighty-fifth New York Volunteers was mustered out of service, and left for home May 31.

Third Bridade, First Division.

[February.]-The brigade remained in camp near Jerusalem plank road until February 5.

February 5.-Leaving a sufficient guard to protect the camps, the brigade moved out along the line of the Weldon railroad, and proceeded toward Dinwiddie Court-House, marching on that day about seventeen miles.

February 6.-Returned to Hatcher's Run before daylight, and on the afternoon of same day took part in a severe engagement with the enemy, with considerable loss in killed and wounded. Held line of works along the bank of Hatcher's Run until February 11.

February 11.-Crossed the run in the morning and took position on rear line, where the brigade has since remained, performing the usual camp and outpost duties with an occasional detail for fatigue.

[March.]-The brigade performed the usual camp and outpost duties, with frequent reviews and several brigade dress parades, until the 25th.

March 25.-The brigade was moved out to support the Second Corps during that day, as the enemy made an attack near Petersburg, and the line on the left was pushed forward. Returned the camp at night and remained until 29th.

March 29.-A general move was made. This brigade was in the engagement at Lewis' farm on the 29th, and at Boydton road on 30th and 31st, suffering considerably in killed and wounded.

April. 1.-The brigade took part in the engagement at Five Forks, losing a few men killed and wounded, and capturing a very large number of prisoners from the enemy. Followed the retreating rebel army until the 9th instant.

April 9.-The brigade took part in the engagement at Appomattox Court-House, with a loss of one man wounded on the skirmish line.

General Lee surrendered the whole Army of Northern Virginia on that day.

April 12.-The brigade was drawn up in line to receive the captured arms and colors. Remained at Appomattox until the 15th.

April 15.-The brigade took up line of march toward Burkeville, which was passed on the 17th. Remained in that vicinity until the 20th.

April 20th.-Took up line of march along the South Side Railroad.

April 23.-Relieved troops of the Ninth Corps on the railroad near Sutherland's Station.

The brigade remained until April 30 employed in guarding the railroad, commissary, and quartermaster's stores, and as safeguards to the citizens residing in that vicinity.

May 2.-Broke camp at Sutherland's Station, and marched to Manchester, via Petersburg.

May 4.-Arrived at Manchester, and remained there until the 6th.

May 6.-Marched through Richmond, and took up line of marched for Alexandria.

May 12.-Arrived at Arlington Heights, where the brigade went into camp, and has remained up to the 31st instant.

