
To the division commanders, Brevet Major-Generals Getty and Wheaton and Brigadier-General Seymour, too much of the credit of the successful assault cannot be worded. They enter cheerfully and confidently into the project of attack, and handled their commands admirably during the whole of the operations of the day. The same may be said of the brigade commanders, and needed, of all officers, special mention of whom is made in the accompanying reports.

To my own staff I was as unseal indebted for prompt, intelligent, and gallant discharge of duty during the day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,Danville, Va., April 29, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this corps from the 3rd instant, after the retreat of the rebel forces from Petersburg and Richmond, to the 9th instant, the date of the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia near Appomattox Court-House:

At daylight on the morning of the 3rd of April, the artillery of the corps being in position ready to open fire and the troops prepared for the assault, in pursuance to orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac of the evening previous, the skirmish line was pushed forward and soon discovered that the city of Petersburg had been evacuated during the night and that the army of General Lee was retreating. A communication received from the city authorities surrendering the place was forwarded to your headquarters, and the skirmish line halted. Soon after orders were received to pursue the enemy, and Mott's division, of the Second Corps, temporarily under my command, was at once put in motion by the River road, followed closely by this corps. The other two divisions of the Second Corps being in our front, with the trains which usually accompany the troops, our march for the day was necessarily a slow and short one, and we camped for the night about ten miles from Petersburg. The next morning the march was resumed, and at night we camped about two miles beyond Wintincomack Creek, near the place of Mr. Featherston. On the 5th the corps moved, at 3 a. m., toward Jetersville Station, on the Danville railroad, and went into position some time before dark about two miles from that point and on the right of the Fifth Corps and of the army. It had been reported that the enemy, who had concentrated at Amelia Court-House, were threatening an attack, and the latter part of the march was hurried in consequence, and the troops put in position in order of battle.

The next morning (the 6th) the corps was put in motion at 6 a. m., in conjunction with the rest of the army, toward Amelia Court-House, where it was supposed the enemy still was, with the intention of attacking him at that place. Without regard to roads the troops were moved across the country, but after proceedings some three miles information was received that the enemy had left during the night and was endeavoring to pass around our left. The corps was at once halted and this information sent to army headquarters. Orders were soon received for

