
In the attack upon the road along which the enemy was passing, and already referred to, a portion of General Sheridan's cavalry operated upon our right, and n the subsequent attack the mass of the cavalry operated on the enemy's right flank and rear, doing splendid service and completing the successes of the day, capturing most of the prisoners who had been driven back, broken and demoralized, by the attack previously described. Many general officers were captured by the combined forces of the infantry and cavalry, and of those who surrendered to the Sixth Corps were Lieutenant-General Ewel and Major General Custis Lee. After the battle General Getty's division, which was still comparatively fresh, was advanced some two miles to the front, and he pushed his skirmish line some two miles farther, meeting no serious opposition. The First and Third Divisions, following General Getty's movement, took position on his left and right, respectively, where they bivouacked for the night.

In this battle of Sailor's Creek the corps nobly sustained its previous well-earned reputation. It made the forced march which preceded that battle with great cheerfulness and enthusiasm, and went into the fight with a determination to be successful seldom evinced by the best troops, and by its valor made the battle of Sailor's Creek the most important of the last and crowning contests against the rebel Army of Northern Virginia. To it had fallen the opportunity of striking the decisive blows, not only at Petersburg, on the 2nd of April, but at Sailor's Creek, on the 6th, and most gallantly did it vindicate the confidence reposed in it baits own officers and the commander of the Army of the Potomac. The corps has always fought well, but never better than in the assault at Petersburg, and at Sailor's Creek four days after.

On the morning of the 7th, receiving orders from your headquarters to continue the pursuit of the enemy so long as there was a prospect of success, the corps was on the road shortly after 7 a. m., proceeding in the direction of Farmville on the road aken by the enemy. Reaching Rice's Station it was ascertained that the Twenty-fourth Corps had passed that point from Burkeville, and was of course ahead of us. Proceeding to Sandy River I was there informed that the advance of the Twenty-fourth Corps was in possession of Farmville, and not knowing what direction the enemy had taken an officer was sent forward to obtain information, with the intention of moving on Prince Edward Court-House if this intelligence was true, where the corps would have been in position either to follow the enemy promptly or cut him off it he moved toward Danville, or to move on Appomattox Court-House by the most direct route, with a prospect of intercepting a portion, at least, of his force, in the event of his taking that direction. Ascertaining that Farmville was not in our possession, I again moved toward that place, being somewhat delayed, however, by a division of cavalry that passed Sandy River in my front and by the Twenty-fourth Corps, the rear of which was overtaken before reaching Farmville. Passing the latter, the corps was massed on the high grounds overlooking the town, and the lieutenant-general, who came up about this time, directed me to remain in that position till further orders. It had been previously ascertained that the enemy, instead of moving toward Danville, had gone in the direction of Lynchburg, and that the main body had crossed the river at Farmville and High Bridge, burning the bridges at both these points, and that their rear guard alone had moved on the south side of the Appomattox. The river being too deep for the fording of infantry, a light foot bridge was constructed over it, and, under instruc-

