
Second Division.

February 5.-The division marched from camp near Gurley house in the morning though the --road; reached Rowanty Creek at noon; found the enemy in some force entrenched upon the farther bank, but a sharp engagement dislodged him and effected a crossing for the cavalry and corps. Continued the march to the Vaughan house, where a strong position was taken up, the First and Second Divisions coming up upon the left and right. At 11 p. m. moved down the Vaughan [road] to breast-works near Hatcher's Run, arriving at daybreak. In the afternoon engaged the enemy, two brigades supporting the Third Division, near Dabney's Mill, and one holding the Vaughan road against the enemy attacking in force. At night encamped near Hatcher's Run; spent several days in work upon new lines.

February 11.-Came back a mile to this camp, where the division still remains.

[March.]-The division lay quietly in camp near Hatcher's Run until the 25th.

March 25.-The division was suddenly marched to the Gurley house and then to the lines of the Ninth Corps to assist in repelling an attack of the enemy. At night the division returned to its formed position without having been engaged.

March 29.-In the morning the command broke camp at 3 o'clock and marched to Rowanty Creek, which was crossed without opposition. The march was continued to the junction of the Vaughan and Quaker roads, where the division halted for the night with the exception of the First Brigade, which was sent to re-enforce the First Division, engaged with the enemy on the Boyton plank road.

March 30.-Crossed the Boydton plank road, and in the afternoon made a reconnaissance in a northwesterly direction to the neighborhood of the Dabney house, on the White Oak road, and leaving there a strong picket.

March 31.-In the morning re-enforcement the picket-line with he whole division, and soon after received orders to take the White Oak road and intrench upon it, the Third Division being sent as a support. An attack was accordingly made, but not attended with success, as the enemy was present in overwhelming numbers. The command, however, fell back in good order toward its supports, but they suddenly, and apparently without cause, withdrawing, was compelled to continue its retreat to the position occupied the previous night. Later in the day advanced with the rest of the corps to the White Oak road without opposition, the enemy having marched toward Dinwiddie. At 11 p. m. received orders to report immediately to General Sheridan, at Dinwiddie, and midnight and the close of the month found us making a difficult night march down the Boydton plank road.

April 1.-The division joined the cavalry forces under General Sheridan near Dinwiddie Court-House early in the morning, and later in the day took a prominent part in the battle of Five Forks, finding in its front the enemy strongly entrenched, but carrying the works and capturing nine battle-flags and over 1,000 prisoners. Brevet Brigadier-General Winthrop here fell mortally wounded just at the moment that it was evident that the victory was ours. The enemy were pursued some three miles that evening.

April 2.-Crossed Hatcher's Run and marched down the South Side Railroad toward Petersburg, bivouacking at night near Beverly Ford.

