HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,April 20, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit a report of the operations of my command from the 3rd to the 13th instant, inclusive.

During the night of April 2 directions from the corps commander were received to hold my division in readiness to attack the enemy's works in our front at daylight, when the artillery of the corps was ordered to open fire. Soon after daylight Captain M. L. Butterfield, acting engineer officer of the division, while inspecting the picket-line, was met by the mayor of Petersburg, under inspecting the picket-line, was met by the mayor of Petersburg, under flag of truce, and haled by him a letter had been sent by the mayor to our forces on other roads, and by the time this one had reached Sixth Corps headquarters it was known that the enemy had retreated from the Ninth Corps front and that our troops were already in Petersburg. The Second Brigade of this division had, on the 2nd, been sent to support a portion of the Ninth Corps front, and Brevet Brigadier-General Hamblin was the first commander who entered Petersburg with his brigade.

At 9 a. m. on the 3rd this division moved with the corps in pursuit of the retreating enemy, being the second division in order of march, taking the River road from Petersburg toward Burkeville, marching ten miles, and bivouacked near the old Baptist Church, three miles west from Sutherland's Station, on the South Side Railroad.

April 4, moved at 5 a. m., this division being the leading on being the order of march of the corps, halting at 8 a. m. to allow the Fifth Corps train to pass, which occupied until 2 p. m. At that hour resumed the march along the River road, crossing Namozine Creek, and going into bivouac at dark near the Cousins house, within a mile of Winticomack Creek.

April 5, marched at 6 a. m., this division being the third in the order of march of the corps for issue of rations at the James house, near Deep Creek, at 10 a. m. By orders from the corps commander I directed the First Brigade, Brevet Brigadier-General Penrose, to remain as guard, in conjunction with a Second Corps brigade, to the trains of the Second and Fifth Corps, which wee ordered to follow this corps. The balance of my command resumed the march at 2 p. m., halting at 10 p. m. near the Smithy house, a mile from Jetersville Station, on the Richmond and Danville Railroad. At this place we joined the Fifth Corps and Sheridan's cavalry, to whom we had been hurried up, it having been reported to us that the enemy were in force in his front and threatening an attack. Bivouacked for the night, with orders to prepare to attack at daylight.

April 6, received orders to move at 6 a. m. in support of the Second and Third Divisions, and in the rear of the Second on the right, in an advance toward Amelia Court-House, where the enemy were supposed to be in force, prepared for an attack. I accordance with that order, with the Third Brigade on the right and the Second on the left, in two lines each, I advanced by the left of regiment to the front, guiding by the right regiment of the Second Division. Captain Crawford Allen's battery (H, First Rhode Island Light Artillery) followed 100 paces in rear. In this manner we advanced two miles, through dense woods and over creeks and ravines, when orders were received from General Wright to return to the vicinity of Jetersville, the enemy having

58 R R-VOL XLVI, PT I

