
abandoned his entrenched position near Amelia Court-House. At 10 a. m., when near the Smithy house, I was ordered to follow the Third Division, which was moving, via Jetersville, northwest toward Deatonsville. During the last two miles of our march heavy skirmishing by our cavalry and some artillery firing was heard. Halting the trains to facilitate the movement of the troops across the bridges of Flat Creek, we hurried forward in anticipation of an engagement, though the reports made me by cavalrymen from the front who met us on the road was that no infantry force had yet been encountered, and that the enemy's cavalry were retreating. I never saw troops press on more eagerly or show greater desire to meet the enemy. After an hour's hard marching we reached a turn in the road and high ground, from which we could see the road running from Deatonsville to Jenings' Ordinary, upon which our cavalry had attacked the enemy's wagon guard and train. By the time the head of my column had reached the vicinity of Little Sailor's Creek we found the Third Division deployed, with its left upon the road referred to, some troops of the Second Corps on its right. Although the division had been pushing forward with the greatest haste, much of the march over plowed fields and rough ground, and the troops greatly fatigued, they doubled-quacked into position with the greatest spirit upon finding themselves in the immediate presence of the enemy. Our lines were soon formed-the right of the Third Brigade, Colonel Oliver Edwards, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, commanding, on the left of the Deatonsville road, and at right angles to it; the Second Brigade, Byt. Brigadier General Joseph E. Hamblin, whose troops, being in rear, had a still harder race to get into position, entrenched position could be plainly seen in our front, less than one-third of a mile distant, on the crest in the woods opposite Little Sailor's Creek, which lay at the foot of a long slope of plowed ground between us and their line. As our cavalry was known to be operating in their rear, I was urged by General Wright to hasten the attack, and, without waiting for the Second Brigade to be fully formed, the advance was ordered. Our artillery-Captain Crawford Allen's battery, of this division, and others-shelled the enemy's line with great effect as we moved forward; fortunately for us, they had no guns in position. Our movement toward the creek was in plain view and down a perfectly cleared field for more than one-quarter of a mile. Reaching the creek, instead of finding it like most of the steams we had passed that day, it was discovered to be a swamp, varying in width from 40 to 100 yards, and traversed by several streams, the water in many places above the shoulders of the troops. Both brigades were in one line, in order to cover the front. I was ordered to attack, and none but good troops, knowing that there was no second line behind them, would so gallantly have dashed into and crossed this difficult swamp and stream, while from the moment they reached its edge they were under the enemy's severe musketry fire. The line after crossing the creek was readjusted under the crest occupied by the enemy, but the slopes in front of the right and center of the Third Brigade were too gradual to afford them protection and they were exposed to a severe front and enfilanding fire. The Second Brigade was ordered to charge at once up the sleep hills and into the enemy's line in the woods. This movement was brilliantly executed under a galling fire, and the Third Brigade at the same time advancing against the strong lines in its front, and the battle of Sailor's Creek was won. A brigade of Southern marines stubbornly continued the fight, but the movements of the One hundred and twenty-first New York and Thirty-

