
seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, which were admirably handled, compelled them to speedily recognize our victory. On the extreme right the Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers rapidly pressed fairly through the enemy's lines and skirmished directly in their rear, capturing Lieutenant-General Ewel, of the rebel army, his staff, and many other prisoners. The cavalry attacked the enemy in rear soon after our front attack had succeeded, and, of course, took most of the prisoners and material. This division pushed rapidly on in pursuit, the Third Brigade to the right and the Second to the front and left. The number of prisoners taken is not known. I understand that the result of our attack was the capture of nearly all the rebel troops in our front, which consisted of Ewell's two divisions and the Confederate Marine Brigade. This division took Lieutenant-General Ewell and General G. W. Custis Lee and several battle-flags-eight have been turned over to the assistant adjutant-general of the corps, and four more are known to have been taken within the four days preceding and including that.

The troops felt the immense importance of success in this, the last battle fought by Lee's Army of Northern Virginia, and their marching and fighting was all that could be wished.

Accompanying this, I have the honor to submit the reports of brigade commanders, and again, expressing my full appreciation of their gallantry and skill, I ask that the services of these officers in all the operations of this division since the assault at Petersburg, on the 2nd instant, may meet with prompt acknowledgment.

I desire, in this connection, to submit the names of my efficient staff, and to thank them for the gallant service they have so continuously and faithfully rendered: Byt. Lieutenant Colonel George Clendenin, jr., assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel Rufus P. Lincoln, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general; Byt. Major A. M. Tyler, One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers, assistant commissary of musters; Major Chester D. Cleveland, Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery Volunteers, ordnance officer; Surg. Redford Sharp, Fifteenth New Jersey Volunteers, surgeon-in-chief; Byt. Major Miles L. Butterfield, Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers, acting engineer officer; Byt. Major Solomon W. russell. forty-ninth New York Volunteers, provost marshal; Byt. Majs. John Snodgrass, One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and George A. Bernanrd, Sixty-fifth New York Volunteers, acting aides-de-camp; Captain Charles G. Finney, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Volunteers; Captain James G. Fitts, commissary of subsistence, U. S. Volunteers; Byt. Captain Henry E. Hindmarsh, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, judge-advocate; First Lieutenant William J. Cooke, Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, aide-de-camp; Captain James T. Stuart, Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, in charge of division sharpshooters.

The names of officers and enlisted men recommended for promotion and reward for distinguished service and meritorious conduct in the assault at Petersburg, April 2, and at the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, April 6, have already been forwarded. Accompanying this report is a list of the casualties that occurred in the latter battle.

April 7, marched at 7 a. m., this division being the third in order of march of the corps, by the way of Rice's Station, on the South Side Railroad, and Farmville, across the Appomattox River, going into bivouac one mile to the west of it at 9 p. m.

April 8, marched at 7 a. m., this division being second in order of march of the corps, via Curdsville and New Store, on the Buckingham Court-House plank road, going into bivouac at 9 p. m., two miles west of New Store.

