
April 9, marched at 5 a. m., this division being first in order of march of the corps, four miles toward Appomattox Court-House, where we halted until the Second Corps had moved out of camp, which occupied until 11 a. m., when we continued the advance. Massed within four miles of Appomattox Court-House at 1 p. m., to await the result of a conference between Generals Grant and Lee. At 5 p. m. received new of the unconditional surrender of Lee's army, which caused the wildest enthusiasm and heartfelt joy among the troops. Went into camp upon receipt of that intelligence, and remained until April 11, when, at 7 a. m., this division, being third in order of march of the corps, marched back toward Burkeville, via New Store and Curdsville, and camped near Little Willis River.

April 12, marched at 6 a. m.,this division being second in order of march of the corps, via Farmville, and camped near Sandy River at 4 p. m.

April 13, marched at 7 a. m., this division being the leading division of the corps, via Rice's Station, on the South Side Railroad, to Burkesville Junction, and went into camp one mile and a half east, facing south.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK WHEATON,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Major C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixth Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,April 15, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to send herewith six rebel battle-flags captured by the following-named men, and under the circumstances set opposite their respective names:

Second Brigade.-Battle-flag of Savannah Guards, captured by Private Warren C. Dockun,* Company H, One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers, two other enlisted men having been killed while attempting its capture in the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, April 6, 1865.

Battle-flag (regiment unknown), captured by Private Benjamin Gifford,* Company H, One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers, in the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, April 6, 1865.

Battle-flag (regiment unknown), captured by Corpl. Elijah A. Briggs,* Company B, Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery Volunteers, in the enemy's works near Petersburg, April 2, 1865.

Battle-flag (regiment unknown), captured by Sergt. Wesley Gibbs,* Company B, Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery Volunteers, in the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, April 6, 1865.

Third Brigade.-Battle-flag (regiment unknown), captured by Private Charles A. Taggart,* Company B, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, at the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, April 6, 1865.

First Brigade.-Battle-flag Forty-sixth North Carolina, picked up on the picket-line by Lieutenant Brant,* Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, April 3, 1865.

---------------

*Awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

