
and at the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, Va., April 6, 1865, and the names of enlisted men deserving mention for conspicuous bravery and good service in the same engagements:

Byt. Brigadier General William H. Penrose, colonel Fifteenth New Jersey volunteers, to be brigadier-general, U. S. Volunteers for distinguished services in the assault on the enemy's lines near Petersburg, April 2, 1865; Byt. Brigadier General Joseph E. Hambilin, colonel Sixty-fifth New York volunteers, to be brigadier-general U. S. Volunteers for distinguished services in the assault on the enemy's lines near Petersburg, April 2, 1865, and for conspicuous gallantry at the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, Va., April 6, 1865; Colonel Oliver Edwards, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, to be brigadier-general U. S. Volunteers for distinguished services in the assault on the enemy's lines near Petersburg, April 2, 1865, and for conspicuous gallantry at the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, Va., April 6, 1865. (This officer has not yet received official notice of his promotion to brigadier-general by brevet, which was dated the 19th of last September; he had commanded a brigade since the battle of Cold Harbor.) Colonel Isaac C. Bassett, Eighty-second Pennsylvania volunteers, to be brigadier-general U. S. Volunteers for distinguished services in the assault on the enemy's lines near Petersburg, April 2, 1865, and for conspicuous gallantry at the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, Va., April 6, 1865. (This officer has not yet received official notice of his promotion to brigadier-general by brevet, dated the 19th of October last.) Colonel Thomas S. Allen, Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers, to be brigadier-general by brevet for distinguished gallantry at the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, April 2, 1865, and to be brigadier-general for bravery and meritorious services at the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, Va., April 6, 1865; Colonel Egbert Olcott, One hundred and Twenty-first New York Volunteers, to be brigadier-general by brevet for distinguished gallantry the assault on the enemy works near Petersburg, April 2, 1865, and to be brigadier-general for bravery and meritorious services at the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, Va., April 6, 1865. The above-mentioned commanders are officers of very unusual merit,have every one of them commanded brigades in battle, and been repeatedly recommended for promotion. I cannot too highly estimate the great importance of their valued services during the assault on Petersburg and the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, Va.

For most valuable services and conspicuous gallantry at the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865, and at the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, Va., April 6, 1865, the following officer are recommended for promotion: Byt. Lieutenant Colonel George Clendenin, jr., assistant adjutant-general, to be colonel by brevet; Lieutenant Colonel Rufus P. LIncoln, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, and acting assistant inspector-general, to be colonel by brevet; Byt. Major A. M. Tyler, One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers, and acting commissary of musters, First Division, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet; Major Chester D. Cleveland, Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery Volunteers, and ordnance officer, First Division, and additional aide-de-camp on the field, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet; Byt. Major Miles L. Butterfield, Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers, and engineer officer, First Division, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet; Byt. Major John Snodgrass, One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, additional aide-de-camp, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet; Byt. Major George A. Bernard, Sixty-fifth New York Volun-

