
teers, and additional aide-de-camp, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet; Byt. Captain Henry E. Hidnmarsh, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, judge-advocate, First Division, to be major by brevet; First Lieutenant William J. Cooke, Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, aide-de-camp, to be captain by brevet; Captain James T. Stuart, Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, in charge of division sharpshooters, to be major by brevet.

For valuable and highly meritorious services and marked attention to the duties of their respective departments, I have the honor to recommend for promotion by brevet: Surg. Redford Sharp, Fifteenth New Jersy Volunteers, surgeon-in-chief of this division, to the lieutenant-colonel by brevet; Captain James G. Fitts, commissary of subsistence, First Division, Sixth corps, to be major by brevet; Captain Charles G. Finney, assistant quartermaster, First Division, Sixth Corps, to be major by brevet; neither of these gentlemen has received any official recognition of his valuable services during the entire campaign of 1864.

For distinguished gallantry and most valuable services at the assault on the enemy's works at Petersburg, April 2, 1865, I have the honor to recommend: Captain Crawford Allen, jr., commanding Battery H, First Rhode Island Light Artillery Volunteers, to be major by brevet; First Lieutenant Walter M. Knight, Company H, First Rhode Island Light Artillery Volunteers, to be captain by brevet; Second Lieutenant Anthony B. Horton, Company H, First Rhode Island Light Artillery Volunteers, to be captain by brevet; Second Lieutenant Anthony B. Horton, Company H, First Rhode Island Light Artillery Volunteers, to be first lieutenant by brevet.

The following recommendations for the First Brigade are made: Lieutenant Colonel Baldwin Hufty, Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, to be colonel by brevet for conspicuous gallantry in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865; Major Ebenezer W. Davis, Fifteenth New Jersey Volunteers, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for conspicuous gallantry in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865; Major James W. McNeely, Tenth New Jersey Volunteers, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for conspicuous gallantry in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865; Major J. Augustus Fay, Fortieth New Jersey Volunteers, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for conspicuous gallantry in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., april 2, 1865; Byt. Major Charles R. Paul, Fifteenth New Jersey Volunteers, and acting assistant adjutant-general, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for conspicuous gallantry in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865; Byt. Major William McElhaney, Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, and acting assistant inspector-general to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for conspicuous gallantry in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865; Captain James w. Penrose, Fifteenth New Jersey Volunteers, to be major by brevet for conspicuous gallantry in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865; First Lieutenant John R. McCauley, Fifteenth New Jersey Volunteers, to be captain by brevet for conspicuous gallantry in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865; First Lieutenant Jonathan Maguire, Fortieth New Jersey Volunteers, to be captain by brevet for conspicuous gallantry in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865; Captain Joseph R. Wells, Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, to be major by brevet for conspicuous gallantry in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865; First Lieutenant W. S. Ackley, Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, to be captain by brevet

