
for conspicuous gallantry in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865; First. Lieutenant William Brant, jr., Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, to be captain by brevet for conspicuous gallantry in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865; First Lieutenant E. R. Howard, Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, to be captain by brevet for conspicuous gallantry in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865; Captain John Wilson, Tenth New Jersey Volunteers, to be major by brevet for conspicuous gallantry in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865; Captain John P. Crater, Fifteenth New Jersey Volunteers, to be major by brevet for conspicuous gallantry in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865; Captain Dayton E. Flint, Fifteenth New Jersey Volunteers, to be brevet major for conspicuous gallantry in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865; Captain James H. Comings, Fifteenth New Jersey Volunteers, to be brevet major for conspicuous gallantry in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., april 2, 1865; First Lieutenant H. Edward Lewis, Fifteenth New Jersey Volunteers, to be major by brevet for conspicuous gallantry in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865; Captain Charles E. Grant, Fortieth New Jersey Volunteers, to be major by brevet for conspicuous gallantry in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865; Captain A. J. Manderville, Fortieth New Jersey Volunteers, to be major by brevet for conspicuous gallantry in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865; Captain Ellwood Lippincott, Fortieth New Jersey Volunteers, to be major by brevet for conspicuous gallantry in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865; Captain John W. Goodenough, Fortieth New Jersey Volunteers, to be major by brevet for conspicuous gallantry in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865; First Lieutenant Samuel w. Downs, Fortieth New Jersey Volunteers, to be captain by brevet for conspicuous gallantry in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865; First Lieutenant George W. Breen, Fortieth New Jersey Volunteers, to be captain for conspicuous gallantry in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865.

The following recommendations for officers of the Second Brigade are made: Colonel James Hubbard, Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery Volunteers, to be brigadier-general by brevet for conspicuous gallantry and distinguished services in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, April 2, 1865, and at the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, Va., April 6, 1865; Lieutenant Colonel Henry C. Fisk, Sixty-fifth New York Volunteers, to be colonel by brevet for conspicuous gallantry and distinguished services in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg April 2, 1865, and at the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, Va., April 6, 1865; Lieutenant Colonel John Harper, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be colonel by brevet for conspicuous gallantry and distinguished services in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865, and at the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, Va., April 6, 1865; Major Augustus H. Fenn, Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery Volunteers, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for conspicuous gallantry and distinguished services in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865, and at the battle of Little Sailor's

