
at the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, Va., April 6, 1865; Captain Charles J. C. Ball, Sixty-fifth New York Volunteers, to be major by brevet for conspicuous gallantry and distinguished services in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865; First Lieutenant Lewis Munger, Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery Volunteers, to be captain by brevet for conspicuous gallantry and distinguished service in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865, and at the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, Va., April 6, 1865; First Lieutenant Homer S. Curtiss, Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery Volunteers, to be captain by brevet for conspicuous gallantry and distinguished services in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865, and at the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, Va., April 6, 1865; First Lieutenant Frank E. Lowe, One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers, to be captain by brevet for conspicuous gallantry and distinguished services in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865, and at the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, Va., April 6, 1865; First Lieutenant Thomas J. Hassett, One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers, to be captain by brevet for conspicuous gallantry and distinguished services in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865, and at the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, Va., April 6, 1865; Second Lieutenant Charles F. Anderson, Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery Volunteers, to be first lieutenant by brevet for conspicuous gallantry and distinguished services in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865, and at the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, Va., April 6, 1865.

The following recommendations for offices of the Third Brigade are made: Lieutenant Colonel E. H. Rhodes, Second Rhode Island Volunteers, to be colonel by brevet for gallantry in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, April 2, 1865; Lieutenant Colonel Gideon Clark, One hundred and nineteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be colonel by brevet for marked gallantry in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, April 2, 1865; Lieutenant Colonel James R. Neiler, Eighty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be colonel by brevet for gallant and meritorious services in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, April 2, 1865, and at the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, Va., April 6, 1865; Byt. Major Edwin A. Landel, One hundred and nineteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for conspicuous gallantry and meritorious services in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, April 2, 1865, and at the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, Va., April 6, 1865; Captain Thomas G. Colt, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general to Colonel Edwards, to be major by brevet for marked gallantry and meritorious services in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, April 2, 1865, and at the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, Va., April 6, 1865; Captain William A. Wiedersheim, One hundred and nineteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, additional aide-de-camp to Colonel Edwards, to be major by brevet for marked gallantry

