
at the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, April 6, 1865; Byt. Major F. W. Wombacker, Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for conspicuous bravery and meritorious services in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, April 2, 1865, and at the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, April 6, 1865; Captain William H. Byers, Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be major by brevet for conspicuous bravery and meritorious services in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, April 2, 1865, and at the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, April 6, 1865; First Lieutenant and Adjt. J. B. Downing, Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be captain by brevet for conspicuous bravery and meritorious services in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, April 2, 1865, and at the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, April 6, 1865; First Lieutenant Frank S. Halliday, Second Rhode Island Volunteers, to be captain by brevet for conspicuous bravery and meritorious services in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, April 2, 1865, and at the battle of Little Sailore's Creek, April 6, 1865; Second Lieutenant John K. Dorrance, Second Rhode Island Volunteers, to be first lieutenant by brevet for gallantry in the assault on the enemy's works near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865.

The following-named enlisted men of the First Brigade are recommended to the general commanding the corps, as deserving of special mention and reward for conspicuous bravery and good conduct: Sergt. Samuel D. Appleby, Company I, Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, carried the colors, and was the first to enter the enemy's works, April 2, 1865; Sergt. Jasper Archer, Company D, Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, carried the colors in advance of his regiment during the assault; Sergeant Jones, Company G, Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, carried the colors until disabled and obliged to leave the field; Corpl. William A. Burnett, Company G, Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, was wounded but remained on the field fighting; Sergt. Thomas McElhany, Company B, Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, was conspicuous in his actions of encouraging the men forward; Corporal Koerner, Company E, Tenth New Jersey Volunteers, helped to capture a rebel battery and fire it upon the retreating rebels, was badly wounded while so engaged; First Sergeant Sparks, Company I, Tenth New Jersey Volunteers, in command of the company and gallantly led it in action; First Sergeant Moyer, Company K, Tenth New Jersey Volunteers, in command of the company and gallantly led it in action; Sergt. A. C. Wilson, Company A, Tenth New Jersey Volunteers, encouraging and leading the men in action; Private Henry B. Paxton, Company I, Tenth New Jersey Volunteers, in advance of his comrades at the assault; Private Abraham Palmer, Company A, Tenth New Jersey Volunteers, particularly distinguished himself for gallantry; Private William H. McKeen, Company A, Tenth New Jersey Volunteers, particularly distinguished himself for gallantry: Color-Sergt. Peter S. Gunderman, Fifteenth New Jersey Volunteers, conspicuous for gallantry; Private Wilson Housel, Company G, Fifteenth New Jersey Volunteers, conspicuous gallantry; Corpl. James V. Hoff, Company E, Fifteenth New Jersey Volunteers, conspicuous gallantry; Corpl. Daniel W. Kithcart, Company e, Fifteenth New Jersey volunteers, conspicuous gallantry; Sergt. Robert Holt, Company A, Second Battalion New Jersey Volunteers, conspicuous gallantry; Corpl. David B. Husted, Company A, Third Battalion New Jersey Volunteers, conspicuous gallantry; Sergt Major Christian A. Volk, Fortieth New Jersey Volunteers, conspicuous gallantry in leading his company; First Sergt. Richard V. Cueman, Company H, Fortieth New Jersey Volunteers, conspicuous gallantry in leading his company; First Sergt.

