
George W. Grover, Company I, Fortieth New Jersey Volunteers, conspicuous gallantry in leading his company; First Sergt. John McNamara, Company K, Fortieth New Jersey Volunteers, for conspicuous gallantry in leading his company; Color-Sergt. John Prior, Company G, Fortieth New Jersey Volunteers, in advance of the regiment with his colors; Private John McGuire, Company F, Fortieth New Jersey Volunteers; Private John Foley, Company F, Fortieth New Jersey Volunteers; Private John Riley, Company K, Fortieth New Jersey Volunteers; Private Jabez W. Carey, Company H, Fortieth New Jersey Volunteers, pioneers of the regiment, gallantry for charging ahead of their regiment and cutting the abatis.

The following-named enlisted men of the Second Brigade are recommended to the general commanding the corps as deserving special mention and reward for conspicuous bravery and good conduct: Corpl. Alijah A. Briggs, Company B, Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery Volunteers, for capturing a rebel battle-flag in the assault; Private George R. Walker, Company F, Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery Volunteers, for capturing a rebel battle-flag in the assault; Corpl. Thomas Daley, Company L, Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery Volunteers, was the first man of his regiment on the enemy's works in the assault, April 2, 1865, and through wounded, refused to leave the field; Sergt. Wesley Gibbs, Company B, Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery Volunteers, capturing a rebel battle-flag in the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, Va.; Corpl. Homer S. Sackett, Company H, Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery Volunteers, capturing without assistance the colonel and major of a Georgia regiment on the 6th instant; Private Dennis Moore, Company K, Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery Volunteers, assisting in the capture of Brigadier General Custis Lee; Private Warren C. Dockun, Company H, One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers, capturing a rebel battle-flag; Private Benjamin Gifford, Company H, One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers, capturing a rebel battle-flag; Private Benjamin Gifford, Company H, One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers, capturing a rebel battle-flag; Private Benjamin Gifford, Company H, One hundred and twenty-first new York Volunteers, capturing a rebel battle-flag; Private Benjamin Gifford, Company H, One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers, capturing a rebel battle-flag; Sergt. Redford Dustin, Company F, One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers, firing a captured gun upon the enemy; Private Harris S. Hawthron, Company F, One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers, firing a captured gun upon the enemy; Private Harris S. Hawthron, Company F, One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers, captured Brigadier General [G. W.] Custis Lee, on the 6th instant; Private Francis Sprowl, Company F, Sixty-fifth New York Volunteers, was the first man in his regiment in the rebel works on the 2nd instant, and twice loaded and fired one of the captured pieces on the retreating enemy; Color-Sergt. patrick Leavins, Company H, Sixty-fifth New

York Volunteers, conspicuous gallantry on the 2nd instant; Corpl. Barney Farrell, Company G, Sixty-fifth New York Volunteers, conspicuous gallantry on 2nd instant; Color-Sergt. Albert J. Bannen, Company C, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, assisting in the capture of rebel guns on the 2nd instant; Corpl. Francis A. Wilson, Company B, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, assisting in the capture of rebel guns on the 2nd instant; Private Hosea B. Taylor, Company B, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, assisting in the capture of rebel guns on the 2nd instant; Private John McLaughlin, Company G, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, assisting in the capture of rebel guns on the 2nd instant; Private Wiliam R. Fox, Company A, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, assisting in the capture of rebel guns on the 2nd instant; Corpl. Albert w. Scott, Company C, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, conspicuous gallantry; Corpl. Robert D. Wilson, Company C, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, conspicuous gallantry; Sergt. Major James S. Day, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, gallant and merritorious conduct

