
To the following-named officers I am greatly indebted for their gallantry, courage, and efficiency, and respectfully recommend them for the brevet set opposite their names: Byt. Major Charles R. Paul, acing assistant adjutant-general, as brevet lieutenant-colonel; Captain James W. Penrose, acting aide-de-camp, as brevet lieutenant-colonel (both of these officers, side by side, entered the enemy's works, capturing a section of battery, and by their dashing gallantry carried the men with them); Lieutenant William H. Bird, First Delaware Cavalry, personal aide, brevet major; Lieutenant John r. McCauley, Fifteenth New Jersey Volunteers, slightly wounded, personal aide, brevet major; Byt. Major William McElhaney, assistant inspector-general, brevet lieutenant-colonel; Lieutenant J. Maguire, aide-de-amp, brevet captain (these officers, with the other two above-mentioned, led the charge on the enemy's works, and by their magnificent, led the charge on the enemy's works, and by their magnificent conduct insured the final success). The conduct of all these officers during the entire day gave me the greatest satisfaction. Lieutenant-Colonel Hufty, commanding the Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, Major Fay, of the Fortieth New Jersey Volunteers, Major Davis, commanding Fifteenth New Jersey Volunteers, and Major McNeely, commanding Tenth New Jersey Volunteers, are all entitled to a brevet in a grade above their present commissions. They entered the works in the assault with their men, and pushing on drove the enemy, clearing the ground for the organization of troops. Their conduct during the entire day met with my special approbation.

I have the honor to submit the reports of regimental commanders, which contain account of the conduct of the officers and enlisted men of their respective commands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. PENROSE,

Brevet Brigadier-General Volunteers.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE CLENDENIN, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 108. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Baldwin Hufty, Fourth New Jersey Infantry.
HDQRS. FOURTH NEW JERSEY VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,April 16, 1865.

MAJOR: In compliance with circular, First Brigade, First Division, Sixth Corps, April 15, 1865, I have the honor to report the operations, of my command since April 1, 1865.

On the night of April 1 we broken camp and marched to the left and front of Fort Fisher, where the brigade was massed in column of regiments-the Fortieth New Jersey Regiment occupying the first line, the Fourth New Jersey Volunteers the second line, the Tenth New Jersey Volunteers the third line; and the Fifteenth New Jersey Volunteers the fourth line; the Second Brigade on our left, and the Third on our right in echelon. We remained in this position some time before receiving the signal to advance and charge the rebel line of works in our front. At about 4.15 o'clock on the morning of the 2nd we received the order to advance. Owing to the darkness, &amp;c., much confusion occurred, and the line became broken and mixed with the Fortieth Regiment, which was still further increased by the Tenth

