
and Fifteenth Regiments. We soon reached the rebel picket-line, where a number of prisoners were captured. Here a portion of the regiment was halted and reformed; another portion, under my command, proceeded on through the abatis in front of the rebel works and struck the breast-works, meeting with very little opposition. I think I can safely claim my colors as being the first in the brigade to enter the works. In connection with a portion of the Third Brigade we cleared over a mile and a half of the works, capturing three batteries or redoubts-one of three pieces and two of two pieces each; the enemy being re-enforced obliged us to give up the two latter. The remainder of the regiment, which had been reformed, entered the breast-works, and with the remainder of the brigade struck to the left. After proceeding some distance and meeting with little or no opposition the line of march was turned toward Petersburg. In the afternoon the Fourth Regiment was formed inthe first line, on the left of the Fifteenth, a portion of the First Battalion acting as skirmishers. We advanced against the city with very little opposition, and camped for the night within sight of Petersburg, which place was evacuated during the night.

Much credit is due the First Battalion for their good behavior throughout; also to Lieutenant William S. Ackley and Color-Sergt. Samuel D. Appleby, of the Fourth Regiment, for their bravery, both being killed inside the rebel works.

The loss in the Fourth Regiment (total), 3 killed, 18 wounded, and 1 missing; in the First Battalion, 2 killed, 9 wounded, and 1 missing.

On the morning of the 3rd we marched on the River road to intercept Lee's army. On the 6th the Fourth and First Regiments were detailed as guard to wagon train, and reached the brigade in the evening. On the 7th rejoined the division and marched to Farmville. On the 8th marched to New Store. On the 9th General Lee surrendered his whole army. On the 11th, 12th, and 13th marched toward Burkeville, which place we reached on the evening of the 13th.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. HUFTY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Fourth New Jersey Veteran Volunteers.

Byt. Major C. R. PAUL,

Act. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, First Div., Sixth Corps.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. FOURTH NEW JERSEY VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,April 18, 1865.

Byt. Major C. R. PAUL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In compliance with circular from headquarters First Brigade of this date, I have the honor to forward the following report of officers and men who particularly distinguished themselves by their bravery and good conduct in the battle of the 2nd instant: Captain J. R. Wells, by bravery and efforts to rally his men. Lieutenant W. S. Ackley, Company K, by bravery in leading charge on breastworks and battery. Lieutenant William Brant, Company B, First new Jersey Volunteers, by bravery and efforts to rally his men. Lieutenant E. R. Howard, Company I, by bravery and efforts to rally his men. Color-Sergt. Samuel. D. Appleby, Company I, by his bravery in carrying the colors and first to cross the enemy's works. Sergt. George C. D. Pow-

59 R R-VOL XLVI, PT I

