
March 31.-Had a spirited engagement with the attacking enemy near White Oak road, being first forced to retreat, but afterward regaining the lost ground. the casualties were 8 men killed, 3 officers and 37 men wounded, and 72 men missing; aggregate, 120. Among the wounded was Brevet Brigadier-General Denison, the commander, upon whole retirement the command devolved on Colonel R. N. Bowerman, Fourth Maryland Volunteers.

April 1.-Formed a junction with Sheridan's cavalry; attacked and carried the enemy's breast-works near Five Forks. Colonel Bowerman was wounded in the early part of the engagement, leaving the command with Colonel D. L. Stanton, who was succeeded were 8 men killed, 7 officers and 52 men wounded, and 14 men missing; aggregate, 81. Many prisoners were captured and two battle-flags taken by this brigade. After this the brigade assisted in the pursuit of the retreating enemy, acting near to and mostly in conduction with Sheridan's cavalry. The marching was rapid and sometimes fatiguing, but with the exception of one man wounded ont eh 9th no further casualties occurred until the surrender of Lee with the rebel army under his command, which terminated the campaign and virtually the war.

April 15 to 17.-From Appomattox Court-House, where this took place, the brigade marched back to near Nottoway Court-House, forty-four miles; went into camp and remained quietly until the end of the month.

April 30.-This brigade received marching orders.

May 1.-Left its camp near Nottoway Court-House, marching with the corps by way of Petersburg to the vicinity of Richmond.

May 4.-Arrived in camp near Manchester.

May 6.-Left and marched through Richmond; thence northward by way of Fredericksburg to Arlington Heights, where we went into camp May 13.

May 23.-Took part in the grand review of the army in the city of Washington.

May 31.-Three regiments of the brigade, viz, Fourth, Seventh, and Eighth, and a detachment of the First, mustered out under General Orders, Numbers 94, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office.

This closes the career of the Maryland Brigade, which was organized by General J. R. Kenly at Harper's Ferry and Maryland Heights in the winter of 1862 and 1863, and has been an integral part of the Army of the Potomac since July, 1863.

Third Brigade, Second Division.

February 5.-In the morning brigade moved in accordance with circular from headquarters Fifth Corps of the 4th instant, reaching Rowanty Creek about noon, where the enemy was found posted in strong works on the opposite bank. These works were taken by this brigade, capturing twenty-seven prisoners. After a short delay to cover the crossing of the remainder of the division, the brigade again advanced some three or four miles and took up position before dark on the left of Second Brigade. The march was again resumed at 11 o'clock, and continued until reaching the crossing of the Vaughan road at Hatcher's Run, where the brigade was massed in reserve.

February 6.-During the morning relieved the First Brigade in the works. In the afternoon engaged the enemy at Dabney's Mill, losing 8 officers and 62 men in killed, wounded, and missing.

