
Harding, Company A, Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, by bravery and good conduct. Private Charles Wood, Company A, Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, by bravery and good conduct. Private Frederick Schnieder, Company A, Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, by bravery and good conduct. Private John Lenk, Company A, Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, by bravery and good conduct. Sergt. John McLean, Company H, Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, by bravery and good conduct.

The commissioned officers mentioned in the above list were under my own eye; as far as my knowledge extends all behaved with commendable gallantry and bravery in rallying and leading their men.

Respectfully submitted.

B. HUFTY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fourth New Jersey Volunteers.

Numbers 109. Reports of Byt. Brigadier General Joseph E. Hamblin, Sixty-fifth New York Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,April 5, 1865.

Byt. Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE CLENDENIN, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division, Sixth Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following reports of operations of the Second Brigade in the engagements of the 2nd and 6th instant.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JO. E. HAMBLIN,

Brevet Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,April 15, 1865.

Report of operations of Second Brigade in the action of the 2nd instant:

The brigade left camp at 10 p. m. of the 1st instant; was formed in two lines on the right of the Sixth Army Corps, in rear of the picket-line, to front and left of Fort Fisher-the Sixty-fifth New York State Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel H. C. Fisk commanding, on right; the Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery, Colonel Hubbard commanding, on left of front line; the Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel J. Harper, the One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers, byt. Colonel E. Olcott, on left of second line. At 4 a. m. of the 2nd instant advanced in echelon of twenty paces to rear and right of First Brigade. Owing to the early hour and mist of moring, and the nature of the ground, the troops were in some confusion arriving at the rebel lines. A portion of the command, under Colonel Hubbard, Second Connecticut Volunteers Artillery, advanced directly to the front toward the South Side Railroad, while another detachment, under Lieutenant Colonel H. C. Fisk, Sixty-fifth New York Volunteers, and Lieutenant-Colonel Harper, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Lieutenant-Colonel Harper, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, turned to the right and passed down the line of works, capturing guns and prisoners for nearly a mile from the point of entrance. A third party, under Major J. W. Cronkite,

