
One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers, moved to the Boydton plank road and cut the telegraph wire. The party which moved to the right-consisting of parties of One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers, Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Sixty-fifth New York Volunteers, under Lieutenant-Colonels Fisk and Harper-occupied and held a fort nearly a mile to the right, until nearly noon, when they were compelled to retire before a superior force of the enemy. The brigade was assembled, and remained guarding the position gained, the Sixty-fifth New York, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania, and One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers deployed as skirmishers, until about 12 m., when relieved by a division of the Twenty-fourth Corps. I was then ordered to march to support of the Ninth Corps; reported to General Parke at Fort Sedgwick; placed the brigade, under direction of General Hartranft, in the trenches of the rebel main works near Fort Mahone, where they remained until about an hour before daylight, when the whole command was deployed as skirmishers and moved toward Petersburg; assembled in suborns of the town and marched in order through the city between 4.30 and 5 a. m., being the first organized force in the place. Learning that many deserters from the enemy were secreted in Volunteers, Sixty-fifth New York Volunteers, and Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, was charged with the collection of prisoners. At 10 a. m., marched back to old camp for knapsacks, left behind, rejoining the division at 8 o'clock that evening.

The losses in this day's fighting, detailed reports of which have been forwarded, were: Killed, 2; wounded, 48; missing, 1; total, 51.

Five guns, 3 flags, and about 250 prisoners were captured on the 2nd, and one 84-pounder and about 200 prisoners on the morning of the 3rd instant.

Officers and men were so enthusiasts in the pursuit that little attention was paid to guarding or getting receipts for captured prisoners or property.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., SIXTH ARMY CORPS,April 15, 1865.

Report of operations of Second Brigade in the battle of Sailor's Creek, April 6, 1865:

The brigade was brought into position in two line-the One hundred and twenty-first New York State Volunteers, Brevet Colonel Olcott commanding on right, and Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Harper commanding, with right wing of Sixty-fifth New York State Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Fish commanding, on left of first line; the Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery, Colonel Hubbard commanding, on right, and the left wing of Sixty-fifth New York Volunteers on left of second line. Advanced across a broad swamp traversed by a deep creek; rallied the line on the opposite side preparatory to a charge. Finding a wide interval in the front of Third Brigade, on my right, moved the brigade by right flank about fifty yards, and charged up the hill under a heavy fire of musketry, deploying the second line by left flank as we advanced. The enemy were speedily driven from our front, but the troops on our immediate right being repulsed the enemy pushed forward, threatening my right flank. No supports were at hand. Brevet Colonel Olcott, commanding One

