
hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers, rapidly changed front forward on his right company, and with a few men of the Third Brigade succeeded in repulsing their advance.

The Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Harper commanding, after carrying the enemy's works, pushed on until they encountered our own cavalry, while the Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery, Colonel Hubbard, commanding, turned to the left, pushing half a mile up the road, capturing wagons, forges, battery wagons, &amp;c. The Sixty-fifth New York State Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Fisk commanding, was deployed skirmishing in front and on flank of our left.

The losses in this action have been reported in detail: Killed, 17; wounded, 38; missing, 1; total, 56.

Two colors, a large number (excedings 1,000) prisoners, wagons, forges, battery wagons, and a profusion of small-arms were the results of this charge.

I beg your attention to the following statement of gallant and meritorious conduct by officers and men of this brigade:

Byt. Colonel E. Olcott, commanding One hundred and twenty-first, distinguished himself by abatis and gallantry which are beyond praise. The success of the 6th instant is largely due to the prompt and splendid manner in which he maneuvered his regiment, charging font under a heavy fire, and driving the enemy from ore right flank. I earnestly recommended that he be appointed brigadier-general U. S. Volunteers.

Colonel James Hubbard, Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery, Lieutenant Colonel H. C. Fisk, Sixty-fifth New York State Volunteers, and Lieutenant Colonel J. Harper, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, displayed the highest qualities of coolness and daring, under the most trying circumstances.

Captain Michael Kelly, Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery, on the 2nd instant turned the guns of a captured battery on the retiring foe and fired them with great effect; he also took a battle-flag inside the enemy's works.

Captain G. N. Smith, Second Connecticut Volunteer Artillery, and Lieutenant Munger, Second Connecticut Volunteers Artillery, thoughtout the battle of the 2nd exhibited the most daring bravery and gallantry.

The following-named officers deserve notice for meritorious conduct in the assault of the 6th instant; Major Edward W. Jones, First Lieutenant Homer S. Curtiss, and Second Lieutenant Charles F. Anderson, Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery.

Major James W. Cronkite, Captain John S. Kidder, Captain James Johnson, Captain Hiram C. Van. Scoy, and First Lieutenant Frank E. Lowe, One hundred and twenty-first New York State Volunteers, distinguished themselves by gallant conduct in the engagement of April 2.

Captain Kidder, Captain Johnson, Captain Jackson, Captain H. C. Van Scoy, First Lieutenant Hassett, and Adjt. F. E. Lowe, One hundred and twenty-first New York State Volunteers, particularly distinguished themselves by gallantry in the engagement of the 6th instant at Sailor's Creek.

Captain Michael Devine, Captain Fred J. Volks, Sixty-fifth New York Volunteers, on the 2nd instant displayed great coolness and ability in handling their men on the Boydton plank road, where they advanced immediately after the charge.

Captain Ball, Sixty-fifth New York State Volunteers, was with that portion of the brigade that went to the right on the morning of the 2nd instant, and his conduct during that advance stamps him as an officer of more than ordinary merit.

