
Major August H. Fenn, Second Connecticut Volunteers Artillery, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain David Gordon, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, aide-de-camp; Captain C. H. Woodman, Sixty-fifth New York Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain James Deane, Second Connecticut Volunteer Artillery, aide-de-camp; and First Lieutenant Morris C. Foot, One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers, aide-de-camp, rendered the most efficient services, leading the command in every advance, and throughout exhibiting the most intrepid valor.

Captain Deane turned the guns of a captured fort, and with a detachment from the Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery, fired them on the enemy, until no enemy was in range.

I earnestly recommend that all the above-named officers be promoted by brevet.

Corpl. Elijah A. Briggs, Company B, Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery, and Private George R. Walker, Company F, Second Connecticut Heavry Artillery, each captured a battle-flag on the 2nd instant.

Corpl. Thomas Daley, Company L, Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery, was the first man of his regiment on the works on the 2nd instant, and though painfully wounded, refused to leave the field.

Sergt. Wesley Gibbs, Company B, Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery, captured a battle-flag on the 6th instant.

Corpl. Homer S. Sackett, Company H. Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery, without assistance, captured the colonel and major of a Georgia regiment on the 6th.

Private Dennis Moore, Company K, Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery, assisted in capturing Brigadier General Custis Lee.

Private Warren C. Dockun, Company H, One hundred and twenty-first New York State Volunteers, and Private B. Gifford, Company H, One hundred and twenty-first New York State Volunteers, each captured a flag.

Sergt. Redford Dustin, Company F, One hundred and twenty-first New York State Volunteers, on the 2nd instant, turned,loaded, and fired a captured gun upon the enemy.

Private Harris S. Hawthorn, Company F, One hundred and twenty-first New York State Volunteers, captured Brigadier General Custis Lee on the 6th instant.

Private Francis Sprowl, Company F, Sixty-fifth New York State Volunteers, was the first man of his regiment in the rebel works on the 2nd instant, and twice loaded and fired one of the captured pieces on the retreating enemy.

Color-Sergt. Patrick Leavins, Company H, Sixty-fifth New York Volunteers, and Corpl. Barney Farrell, Company G, bearer of the regimental flag, were very conspicuous for their gallantry on the 2nd instant, after being entirely under the enemy's fire while moving to the right.

Color-Sergt. Albert J. Bannen, Company C, and Sergt. John B. Cook, Company D, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, captured one gun on the 2nd instant. Corpl. Francis A. Wilson* and Private Hosea B, Taylor, Company B, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, captured one gun on the 2nd instant. Private William R. Fox,* Company A, and Private John McLaughlin, Company G, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, captured one gun on the 2nd instant. Corpls. Albert W. Scott and Robert D. Wilson, of Company C, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, were the first of a number of men to enter the fourth fort on the

---------------

*Awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

