
right on the morning of the 2nd and captured three guns. These guns were partially disabled. They were compelled to leave them before fully doing so, and the guns were retaken by the enemy, but again captured by the Twenty-fourth Corps.

Color-Sergt. Albert, J. Banne, Company C, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, displayed great gallantry on the 6th instant, rushing ahead with the colors of the regiment while under a very heavy fire, and by his example urging the men to advance.

I earnestly recommend that a medal be awarded to each of the above-mentioned enlisted men.

For honorable mention I recommend Sergt. Major James S. Day and Corpl. Albert W. Scott, Company C, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, for gallant and meritorious conduct on the 6th instant.

Among the killed on the 6th instant I regret to name Captain T. C. Howland, One hundred and twenty-first New York State Volunteers; no braver or more gallant officer ever carried sword.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

JO. E. HAMBLIN,

Brevet Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 110. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Henry C. Fisk, Sixty-fifth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-FIFTH NEW YORK STATE VOLUNTEERS,April 4, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders of the general commanding, I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 2nd instant the colors of the Sixty-fifth New York Volunteers, were the first of our brigade to be planted on the enemy's works. As soon as we passed thee we moved to the right, the regimental flag being in the learn, and the first in the battery of three guns that was enfilanding our assaulting column from the right. In the movement tothe right four guns were first reached by men of this regiment; these guns were served. Private Francis Sprowl, of Company F, was the first man in the battery, and twice loaded and fired one of these pieces at the retreating enemy.

Color-Sergt. Patrick Leavins and Corpl. Barney Farrell, Company G, bearer of regimental flag, were very conspicuous for their gallantry, often being entirely under the enemy's fire while moving to the right. I would respectfully recommended that these men be granted medals for their bravery.

Capts. F. J. Volks, Michael Devine, and C. J. Ball rendered most efficient services during the assault. Captains Devine and Volks, while in charge of the skirmish line on the Boydton road, in danger of being flanked by the enemy, met the danger with coolness, and by a handsome change of front checked them. Captain Ball was with that portion of the brigade that went to the right, and his conduct during that advance stamps him as an officer of more than ordinary merit. In fact, the conduct of all was all that could be wished.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY S. FISK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain CHARLES H. WOODMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

