HDQRS. SIXTY-FIFTH NEW YORK VETERAN VOLUNTEERS,April 14, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with Special Orders, headquarters Second Brigade, April 9, 1865, I have the honor to report the Sixty-fifth New York State Volunteers were deployed as skirmishers at the engagement known as Sailor's Creek, Va., on the 6th instant, and that no individual cases of gallant conduct of either officers or men came under my observation.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY C. FISK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain CHARLES H. WOODMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 111. Report of Byt. Colonel Egbert Olcott, One hundred and twenty-first New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 121ST NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,April 14, 1865.

Captain WOODMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward the report of the part taken by this regiment inthe engagements of April 2 and 6.

I am, captain, very respectfully your obedient servant,

E. OLCOTT,

Brevet Colonel, Commanding.

Report of the part taken by the One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers in the engagement of April 2, 1865:

The brigade being in two lines, the One hundred and twenty-first New York formed the left of the second. When the order to advance was give the regiment moved rapidly forward, maintaining a good line until within about 200 yards of the enemy's works, when the second line was moved a short distance by the left flank and then forward again. This, together with the darkeners and the character of the ground, divided the regiment somewhat, most of the men with the colors entering the works farther to the right then intended, capturing two guns; one of these was immediately turned upon the enemy, loaded, and fired by Sergt. Redford Dustin, Company F. Sergeant Dustin served for nearly two years in the First Massachusetts Battery, and is a skillful artillerist. These guns were carried off, and receipt obtained for them. The option of the regiment engaged in taking the guns mentioned, with a part of the Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania, Second Connecticut, and Sixty-fifth New York, advanced along the enemy's works tothe right for nearly a mile, capturing all the artillery in them and holding the works until ordered to join that part of the brigade tothe left. The regiment in this charge captured about 200 prisoners. The regiment afterward was, with the brigade, sent to the support of the Ninth Corps, and occupied the first line of works taken from the enemy in front of Fort Sedgwick.

On the morning of the 3rd the regiment formed part of the skirmish line that advanced on Petersburg, entering that city about 4.30 o'clock.

