
March 24 [25].-The command moved from camp near Hatcher's Run, Va., to a position near the Guarley house, to assist in repelling an attack made on our lines in front of the Ninth Army Corps; were not called into action during the day; returned to our formed position in the evening.

March 28 [29].-Broke camp about 4 a. m. and moved south toward Dinwiddie Court-House. Did not encounter the enemy during the day. Moved next day to Boydton plank road, it having been taken the day before by the Third Division, Fifth Corps.

March 31.-Advanced against the enemy. Succeeded in reaching to a short distance of the White Oak road. Advanced again during the afternoon and occupied the White Oak road, the enemy having marched from our front and attacked General Sheridan's cavalry near Dinwiddie Court-House. Colonel Sergeant, commanding Two hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, was wounded in the engagement of the 31st.

April 1.-The command moved in the morning to a point near Dinwiddie Court-House, where it halted until about 3 p. m., when an advance was ordered, the Fifth Corps attacking the enemy on the left flank, driving him with great impetuosity. This brigade captured many prisoners, 2 guns, 2 battle-falgs, and several wagons and ambulances. General Winthrop, commanding First Brigade, was killed during one of the charges in the afternoon. Learned the next morning that the works in front of Petersburg and Richmond were captured by the Sixth and Ninth Corps. Started in the afternoon in the direction of in the direction of the Danville road, capturing many guns, wagons, &amp;c., along the route. Reached Danville road after three days' forced march, occupying Burkeville before the arrival of Lee, thereby heading him off from Danville. Lee started for Lynchburg, but, after four days' very heavy marching, we succeeded in getting between his army and Lynchburg, forcing him to surrender on the 9th instant. Remained near Appomattox Court-House until his army was all paroled, when were returned to Burkeville, and from there the corps moved the relieve the Ninth Corps along the South Side Railroad, where it still remains.

April 28.-The One hundred and fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers was consolidated with the One hundred and ninety-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, per Special Orders, Numbers 96, paragraph V, dated headquarters Third Brigade, Second Division, Fifth Corps.

May 1.-The command moved from Nottoway Court-House toward Petersburg, following the South Side Railroad.

May 3.-Passed through the city, continuing on toward Richmond.

May 4.-Reached that place, where we rested for one day.

May 6.-Passed through Richmond and continued on toward Washington.

May 12.-Arrived there.

May 23.-The Army of the Potomac was reviewed by the President and General Grant.

May 30.-The Two hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers was mustered out of of service.

May 31.-They left for their State.

Third Division.

February 5.-Moved at 8 a.m .; crossed Rowanty Creek; from that to Gravelly Run; halted for the night;' portion of division on picket duty.

