
my line in column of regiments on the high ground overlooking the marsh known as Little Sailor's Creek. The regiments came up on the double-quick and formed in column as follows: Fifth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, Eighty-second Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Forty-ninth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, One hundred and nineteenth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Second Regiment Rhode Island Volunteers, with the Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers in column of wings in the road perpendicular to rest of the line. The formation being changed, I ordered the left wing of the Eighty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers to be put on the left of the Fifth Wisconsin, forming the first line, and the right wing to connect with the left of the Forty-ninth, forming the second line, and the One hundred and nineteen [Pennsylvania and] Second Rhode Island Volunteers to move forward in line in rear of the second line, and the Thirty-seventh in rear of them, retaining its first formation. I moved across the creek in this order without waiting for the Third Division, and formed one line, from right to left, as follows: Fifth, Eighty-second, One hundred and nineteenth, Forty-ninth, Second, and Thirty-seventh. After passing the creek I halted the line, which had become somewhat broken by the passage of the creek, and reformed it under the crest of the hill in my front. As soon as the line was reformed the brigade moved rapidly forward and soon became heavily engaged with the enemy. At this time I was deprived of the Thirty-seventh Massachusetts, on which I depended for holding my left; the Second Rhode Island Volunteers, losing its connection with the Thirty-seventh Massachusetts, on which I depended for holding my left; the Second Rhode Island Volunteers, losing its connection with the Thirty-seventh and being exposed to severe fire from the left flank and our own batteries, were thrown into disorder and obliged to fall back, and by so doing partially exposing the left flank of the Forty-ninth, which was also thrown into disorder, but soon rallied. The Fifth, Eighty-second, and One hundred and nineteenth, though exposed to a heavy flank fire from the enemy, posted not thirty yards from them, maintained their ground, and after a severe contest and losing heavily, drove the enemy from their position. The Thirty-seventh Massachusetts advanced at the same time with the brigade, driving the enemy slowly, but soon found both flanks exposed and a column of the enemy coming in on their left. Their left was thrown back to meet this attack, which they admirably repulsed. By this time they discovered the enemy on their right flank and some 100 yards in the rear. The regiment faced about, and a desperate hand-to hand fifth ensued. The enemy were finally forced back and they taken in flank; their line being swept by the fire of the Spencers they surrendered. Amongst the captures were Brigadier General Custis Lee and a rebel stand of colors. Lieutenant-General Ewell and staff surrendered the brigade, the number I cannot accurately state. The brigade advanced until they came up with the cavalry, on the road leading to Rice's Station, where I halted, and soon received orders to move back to the division, which I did, and went to camp for the night.

My loss was severe, amounting to 343 killed and wounded.

I cannot speak in too high terms of the conduct of the brigade; with a few exceptions it was all that I cold wish. A report of the officers and men who were particularly deserving of promotion has already been forwarded.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. EDWARDS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Byt. Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE CLENDENIN, Jr.,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Sixth Army Corps.

