
ADDENDA.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., SIXTH ARMY CORPS,April 10, 1865.

Major GEORGE CLENDENIN, Jr.,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Sixth Army Corps:

MAJOR: In compliance with orders from headquarters Sixth Army Corps, of April 3, 1865, I have the honor to forward a list of commissioned officers in my command who particularly distinguished themselves for gallantry and meritorious services on the 2nd and 6th of April, and who I would recommend for promotion; also the names of enlisted men, including those who captured colors, who, by their conduct on that day, are entitled to receive medals.

Colonel Thomas S. Allen, Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers, to be brevet brigadier-general, for gallantry on April 2; to be brigadier-general, for bravery and meritorious services at the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, April 6, 1865.

Colonel Isaac C. Bassett, Eighty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be brigadier-general, for gallantry on April 2 and 6.

Lieutenant Colonel E. H. Rhodes, Second Rhode Island Volunteers, to be brevet colonel, for gallantry at the assault on enemy's works April 2.

Lieutenant Colonel Gideon Clark, One hundred and nineteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be brevet colonel, for gallantry in leading his regiment at the assault on enemy's works April 2 (wounded).

Lieutenant Colonel James R. Neiler, Eighty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be brevet colonel, for gallantry and meritorious services on April 2 and 6.

Major William C. Gray, One hundred and nineteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be brevet lieutenant-colonel, for gallantry and meritorious service April 2 and 6.

Major William Clark, Eighty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be brevet lieutenant-colonel, for gallantry and meritorious services on April 2 and 6.

Byt. Major E. A. Landell, captain, One hundred and nineteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, brigade inspector, to be brevet lieutenant-colonel, for meritorious services in being one of the first in the enemy's works April 2, and also to be brevet colonel for conspicuous gallantry at the battle of Little Sailor's Creek, April 6.

Captain Thomas G. Colt, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general, to be brevet major, for marked gallantry April 2, 1865, and to be brevet lieutenant-colonel, for meritorious services at battle of Little Sailor's Creek, April 6, 1865.

Captain W. A. Wiedersheim, One hundred and nineteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp, to be brevet major, for distinguished services and marked gallantry on April 2 and 6.

First Lieutenant J. W. P. Roberts, Eighty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be brevet captain for meritorious services April 2 and 6.

Captain Albert Ivers, Eighty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be brevet major, for gallantry and meritorious services April 2 and 6 (wounded).

Captain William H. Knight, Eighty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be brevet major, for gallantry and meritorious services April 6 (wounded).

First Lieutenant and Adjt. B. Theo. Northrop, Eighty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be brevet captain, for gallantry and meritorious services April 2 and 6 (wounded).

