
First. Lieutenant James Colwell, Eighty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be brevet captain, for gallantry and meritorious services April 2 and 6 (wounded).

Captain H. C. Warner, One hundred and nineteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be brevet major, for gallantry at the assault on enemy's works April 2.

First Lieutenant and Actg. Adjt. D. S. Hassinger, One hundred and nineteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be brevet captain, for gallantry and meritorious services April 2 and 6.

First Lieutenant James Dutton, One hundred and nineteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be brevet captain, for gallantry and meritorious services April 2 and 6.

Captain Henry Curran, Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers, to be brevet major, for conspicuous and marked gallantry April 2 and 6.

Captain Archibald Hopkins, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, to be brevet major, for conspicuous gallantry April 2; to be brevet lieutenant-colonel, for distinguished services April 6.

Captain J. C. Robinson, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, to be brevet major, for distinguished services April 2 (wounded).

Captain Jonas A. Champney, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, to be brevet major, for bravery and meritorious services April 2 and 6.

First Lieutenant and Adjt. J. S. Bradley, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, to be brevet captain, for conspicuous gallantry and meritorious services April 2 and 6 (wounded).

First Lieutenant William C. Morril, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, to be brevet captain, for conspicuous bravery on April 2 and gallantry in capturing a general officer April 6.

Byt. Major F. W. Wombacker, captain, Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be brevet lieutenant-colonel, for gallantry and meritorious services April 2 and 6 (wounded).

Captain William H. Byers, Forty-ninth Pennsylvania, to be brevet major, for gallantry and meritorious services April 2 and 6.

First Lieutenant and Adjt. J. B. Downing, Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be brevet captain, for gallantry and meritorious services April 2 and 6.

First Lieutenant and Actg. Adjt. F. S. Halliday, Second Rhode Island Volunteers, to be brevet captain, for gallantry on the 2nd and 6th of April (wounded).

Second Lieutenant John K. Dorrance, Second Rhode Island Volunteers, to be brevet first lieutenant, for gallantry on the 2nd of April, 1865 (wounded).

ENLISTED MEN.

Private William Railton, Company E, Second Rhode Island Volunteers, for gallantry in being one of the first in the enemy's works April 2.

Color-Sergt. William J. Babcock, Second Rhode Island Volunteers, and Color-Corpl. Thomas Parker,* and Corpl. Maurice O. Hearn, Second Rhode Island Volunteers, for being first in the enemy's works April 2.

Sergt. Samuel M. Bolton, Company C, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, for conspicuous bravery in the assault on April 2.

---------------

*Awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

