
Corpl. Richard Welch, Company E, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts, Volunteers, for conspicuous bravery April 2, 1865, capturing a stand of colors and shooting a man at the guns, and for conspicuous bravery on the 6th of April.

Private Charles A. Taggart, Company B, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, for capturing a stand of colors from enemy April 6.

Corpl. S. J. Dean, Company E, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, for conspicuous services April 2.

Corpl. Patrick Kelly, Company E, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, for bravery and bayoneting a rebel soldiers in act of shooting his commanding officer April 2, 1865.

Private William McCue, Company B, Eighty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, capturing a staff of colors April 2, 1865.

Sergt. George W. Johnson, Company K, and Sergt. William Ployd, Company B, Private Lewis J. Dunlap, Company F, Private Samuel Winterbottom, Company A, One hundred and nineteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, for being the first to enter the enemy's works and securing two pieces of artillery April 2, 1865.

Color-Sergt. Henry Entriken and Color-Corpl. John T. Hall, Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, for conspicuous gallantry April 2 and 6.

Corpl. August Franz, Company A, Sergt. A. Q. Smith and Sergt. F. T. Smith, Company B, Sergt. Angus Cameron and Drummer George Deverney, Company C, Orderly Sergt. James Young, Company D, Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers, Sergt. R. H. Langton, Company F, Corpl. A. B. Day, Company G, and Sergt. R. Elwell, Company K, for distinguished service April 2 and 6 in rallying the men and among the first to enter the enemy's works and killing the gunners at their guns.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. EDWARDS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Numbers 115. Reports of Captain Archibald Hopkins, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-SEVENTH MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, April 15, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with circular from headquarters Third Brigade, of April 14, 1865, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the operations of the late campaign:

In the assault on the enemy's works at Petersburg on the morning of April 2 this regiment was in the front line of the brigade, on the right of the Fifth Wisconsin. In advance of the line of battle were deployed as skirmishers seventy-five picked men and volunteers from this regiment, who covered the entire brigade front and were commanded by Captain J. C. Robinson, assisted by Second Lieutenant H. A. Cushman. At the word of command the regiment advanced rapidly, with a cheer, forced their way through two lines of abatis, over the ditch into the enemy's fort, where (after a brief but sharp conflict, the enemy's gunners standing to their pieces and firing them tow or three times after some of us were in the fort) we captured 3 guns, about 40 prisoners, and a battle-flag.

60 R R-VOL XLVI, PT I

