
Captain Robinson, in command of the skirmish line, was one of the first to reach the abatis, and was wounded there. Adjt. J. S. Bradley and First Lieutenant W. C. Morrill particularly distinguished themselves by gallantry and efficiency. Corpl. Richard Welch, Company E, knocked down the rebel color-bearer, took his flag, and shot one of the gunners while in the act of discharging his pieces. Corporal Kelly, of the same company, bayoneted the man who shot his commanding officer while ascending the parapet.

Our loss in the assault was 3 men killed and 3 officers and 29 men wounded.

The regiment was the first in the enemy's works.

After reforming the line, leaving Lieutenant Cushman and his company temporarily in charge of the captured guns, I joined the brigade, from which we had become separated, and moved with it toward the left. During this movement the regiment destroyed several wagons and a number of tents filled with clothing, officers' baggage, and quartermaster's property. We then moved with the rest of the command toward the right,and when near General Lee's headquarters were opened upon on the flank by a rebel battery. I moved the regiment into a sheltered position, and sent out two companies with orders to silence the guns. This they succeeded in doing and in killing so many of the horses that the entire battery-Carpenter's-was soon after taken by the Second Division, whose line in advancing covered that part of the field. That night Companies E and I were on the skirmish line and were among the first troops to enter the city of Petersburg in the morning. Soon after the regiment was allowed to march in and see the city, after which it rejoined the brigade and moved with it in pursuit of the enemy.

At the battle of Sailor's Creek the regiment, after severe double-quicking, which greatly exhausted the men, was put in position in column of wings, right in front, in rear of the Second Rhode Island. When the order to advance was given I deployed the regiment into line of battle and moved to left, so that my right joined the left of the Second Rhode Island. Just before reaching the swamp which protected the enemy's position I ordered the right company (C) to deploy so as to cover our precision considering the nature of the ground, crossed the warp, moved up the hill,and were soon exchanging shots with the enemy. The line was halted and reformed after crossing the swamp under cover of the hill, and were soon exchanging shots with the enemy. The line was halted and reformed after crossing the swamp under cover of the hill, the crest of which was held by the enemy. Were then moved a short distance by the right flank, when the order "forward" was given. The men reserved their fire with noteworthy coolness until we were within a few rods of the enemy, who were formed in two lines of battle on the crest of the hill. They then opened with rapid volleys, advancing all the while with a yell. The enemy, unable to withstand our fire, gave back slowly at first, and soon disappeared from our front, leaving several prisoners and a caisson in our hands. I now found that we were entirely unsupported on either flank, and was about to take measures to connect with the Second Brigade, which had been on our left, when I noticed what seemed to be a heavy column of the enemy moving by the flank around our left. I hastened to that part of the line and caused it to be thrown back, after which a few well directed volleys drove them out of sight again. At this juncture of affairs it was discovered that the enemy had moved a column through a ravine, which served to partly conceal the movement, around our right and about half the length of the regiment in our rear. We had barely time to face about when they charged us, and a desperate

