
hand-to-hand fight with swords, pistols, and bayonets ensued. Several men were wounded with the bayonet. We did not give them an inch of ground and they were finally forced back into the ravine, where we swept the whole length of their line with such a terrible raking fire that they were unable to reply, and soon gave token of surrender. We accordingly ceased firing, when they, opened fire on us, wounding Adjutant Bradley and some others. We immediately opened again with redoubled energy, and in a few moments they surrendered in earnest. More than 390 were taken and sent to the rear.

General Custis Lee, who commanded their line, surrendered and gave up his sword to Private David D. White, of Company E; and Private Charles A. Taggart, of Company B, captured their battle-flag. Corpl. Richard Welch, of Company E, was overpowered by numbers and taken prisoner in a desperate attempt to capture to capture a battle-flag in advance of our line. He was afterward retaken.

Instances of personal gallantry were too numerous to mention. Captain George H. Hyde and Captain George B. Chandley were particularly conspicuous in repelling the enemy's assault, and Adjutant Bradley and Lieutenant Morrill again distinguished themselves by their determined bravery and coolness. First Sergt. E. P. Cowles, Company D, cheered on the men while lying under a tree with a severe wound through the body.

Over eighty rebel dead were afterward counted in the ravine I have mentioned.

After the severest fighting was over the One hundred and twenty-first New York formed with their colors and a few men on our right.

In conclusion allow me to say that it is a settled conviction of all engaged that had we not been armed with the Spencer rifled we should not have been able to maintain our position, but, on the other hand, all would have bene destroyed or captured. There were a few exceptions to the general good behavior of the regiment, all of which were among the enlisted men, and it is intention that they be brought to trial.

Our casualties in this engagement were 8 killed and 3 officers and 28 wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. HOPKINS,

Captain, Commanding Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers.

Captain T. G. COLT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRTY-SEVENTH MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS,April 16, 1865.

SIR: I respectfully request that the following may be appended to my report of the part taken by this regiment in the late campaign, which in the haste of preparation I unintentionally omitted:

Captain C. L. Edwards, who had the special supervision of the right wing during both battles, showed himself cool, capable, and brave. Throughout both engagements Chaplain F. C. Morse, by his continual and immediate presence with the regiment, even when under the hottest fire, rendered the most important services to our wounded. After Adjutant Bradley was wounded I directed Second Lieutenant Nichols to act in his place, and the performed the duties of the position during the remainder of the fight most gallantly and acceptably. I also

