
desire to mention particularly First Lieutenant Vincent, who, always cool, brave, and prompt, has rendered most valuable services from the commencement of the campaign in whatever position placed. I also desire to recommend Color-Sergt. E. D. Hooker for a medal and promotion at the first opportunity for his invariable gallantry and unflinching courage. Sergeant (now first sergeant) Shaw, of Company D, also merits particular mention for good conduct throughout, and particularly at the battle of Sailor's Creek.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. HOPKINS,

Captain, Commanding Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers.

Captain T. G. COLT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRTY-SEVENTH MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS,March [April] 7, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to state that there were 3 officers and 28 men wounded and 8 men killed in the engagement of yesterday. The officers were Captain Walter B. Smith, First Lieutenant and Adjt. John S. Bradley, and Second Lieutenant Harrie A. Cushman. There were 360 officers and men, and General C. Lee, captured by my command. General Lee was captured by Private D. D. White, Company E, of this regiment, and he formally surrendered his sword to Lieutenant W. C. Morrill, of this regiment, who now wears it. At least one battle-flag was captured by the Thirty-seventh Regiment, and one other is claimed, although the capture of it is claimed by another command.

Very respectfully,

A. HOPKINS,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain T. G. COLT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 116. Report of Byt. Colonel Baynton J. Hickman, Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. FORTY-NINTH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,April 15, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In reply to circular from headquarters Third Brigade, First Division, Sixth Army Corps, of April 14, 1865, I have the honor to forward the following report as the part taken by this regiment in the late operations, from the assault on the works in front of Petersburg to the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia by General Lee:

On the evening of April 1 the regiment was ordered to move, and about 11 o'clock we left camp and moved with the brigade toward the left, and passed through our works near Fort Fisher, and formed on the left of the One hundred and nineteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers in the second line of battle. When the order to advance was given the regiment moved with the brigade toward Hathcer's Run, and then came back to the enemy's works in front of Fort Fisher, and

