
moved on the left of the brigade toward Petersburg. During the night the enemy evacuated, and on the 3rd the regiment moved with the brigade in pursuit of the enemy in the direction of Amelia Court-House. Nothing worthy of note occurred until the evening of April 6, when we came upon the enemy near Sailor's Creek. The Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers was formed in the second line, the One hundred and nineteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers on the right, and one wing of the Eighty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers on the left. We advanced, and the troops on the right and left oblique, and this regiment filled the opening and became part of the advance line, and then advanced across Sailor's Creek and attacked the enemy in the woods. After getting within twenty yards of the woods the enemy got upon our left flank, and had then a fire in front and flank, compelling us to fall back. The same night we were detached as a guard, by order of Major-General Wright, to take charge of rebel prisoners captured in the engagement. On the 7th the regiment was sent wit prisoners to Burkeville Junction. When they had been turned over, we started to rejoin the brigade, which we did on Monday, the 10th instant.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. J. HICKMAN,

Brevet Colonel, Commanding Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain T. G. COLT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 117. Report of Colonel Isaac C. Bassett, Eighty-second Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-SECOND PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,April 16, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Eighty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers in the late operations:

On the morning of the 2nd of April the Eighty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers formed the third line of battle of the Third Brigade, First Division, in the column of attack upon the enemy's works in front of Petersburg; was among the first to enter the works, rendering great assistance in defeating the enemy, and capturing some 400 prisoners and one rebel battle-flag. The regiment also participated in the capture of Petersburg. Our loss was 5 enlisted men killed and 22 wounded; total, 27.

The regiment also participated in the pursuit of the enemy until the afternoon of April 6, at Sailor's Run, when the left wing of the regiment formed the left of the first line of battle, the right wing forming the left of the second line. The attack commenced by our troops moving upon the enemy. The advance of the Eighty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers was though a deep, difficult swamp and almost impenetrable under-growth and forest. Here the flank fire of the fire of the enemy becoming severe, changed front forward on the left and confronted the enemy within fifty yards of their position. Here the regiment did great execution, as the serious loss or vast number of the enemy's dead in our immediate front afterward indicated. Our loss during this engagement was-killed, 1 officers, 18 enlisted men; wounded, 7 officers, 73 enlisted men; total, 8 officers, 91 enlisted men.

