
After reforming the line was advanced and the enemy's position was charged; the left flank of the command was exposed to a severe flank fire, caused by not having any connection on the left, which caused a temporary panic, which was at once corrected and the line established. After the surrender of General Ewell and his corps we marched with the Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers and Eighty-second Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers to the Lynchburg road; remained a short time; returned to the division and went into camp. Started next morning at 5 o'clock; were detailed as wagon guard; marched to Farmville and halted for the night. Moved next morning at 6 o'clock; marched to near Buckingham and encamped for the night. Moved at 5 o'clock next morning; came up with the enemy at 11 a.m., and at 5 p.m. received the announcement of the surrender of General Lee and his army. Remained two days, and returned to this place (Burkeville), where we arrived on the 13th instant.

The officers and men of this command have conducted themselves gallantly through this short but hard and decisive campaign.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. C. GRAY,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain T. G. COLT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 119. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Elisha H. Rhodes, Second Rhode Island Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND RHODE ISLAND VOLUNTEERS,April 15, 1865

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the late operations:

On the morning of the 2nd of April my regiment was formed in the second line, of the brigade, in rear of the Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers, ready for the assault. When the line advanced I became separated from the main line (which swung either to the right or left), but pushed forward and crossed two lines of abatis in front of a battery of one gun. We soon reached the works and mounted the parapet, driving the enemy from the line through their company streets. First Lieutenant and Actg. Adjt. Frank S. Halliday here stormed a battery of two guns, at the head of a small party, and turned the guns upon the enemy. As soon as my line was formed I changed direction to the left, and moved forward for about half a mile, crossing the plank road, and formed in line of battle, and awaited orders. I was then ordered to report, by the brigade commander, back to the works, which I did. In the subsequent movements of the brigade my regiment was not detached, but participated in them all. My loss this day was, 1 officer wounded, 2 men killed, and 9 men wounded. I claim that my colors were the first to be planted on that part of the line, and were placed on the parapet while the enemy still occupied their line.

In the presence of the enemy nothing of particular interest occurred until the afternoon of the 6th, when we met the enemy near Sailor's Creek. My regiment was formed as a support to the brigade, but in the advance were posted on the left of the Eighty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers in prolongation of their line. Arriving at the creek we

