
became exposed to the enemy's fire, but pushed on through the swamp, which in many places was so deep as to destroy the ammunition of my men. As soon as we were clear of the swamp I reformed my line and sent out skirmishers to develop the enemy's position. When the brigade advanced my left flank became exposed. I partly protected myself by refusing the left wing. We pressed the enemy back too the woods in our front, and when within a distance of about thirty yards received a charge of the enemy, both in front and on my left, which caused my men, after a time, to retire in some confusion. Every effort was made to rally them without crossing the swamp. My U. S. flag was captured, but quickly retaken. Captain Gleason and Lieutenant Perry were here killed while gallantly urging their men on. At this point my regiment was somewhat scattered, but joined the brigade in the new assault which resulted so gloriously. At night we bivouacked on the field with the brigade.

For the first time under fire, I expected great difficulty with my new troops, but I cannot speak too highly of their conduct. My officers, without one exception, behaved splendidly.

My loss this day was, 2 officers killed and 4 wounded, 2 enlisted men killed and 38 wounded. My total loss in officers and men during the campaign was 58 killed and wounded. Several wounded men have since died.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,,

E. H. RHODES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Second Rhode Island Volunteers.

Captain T. G. COLT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 120. Report of Colonel Thomas S. Allen, Fifth Wisconsin Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH WISCONSIN VOLUNTEERS,April 15, 1865.

CAPTAIN; In compliance with circular of the 14th instant, I have the honor to report:

First. That in the attack on the rebel lines near Fort Fisher on the morning of the 2nd instant my regiment was placed in the front line, with the Thirty-seventh Massachusetts on my right. This line was preceded by a light line of pioneers and sharpshooters. At the signal "forward!" the line started promptly, cut through the abatis in a very few moments, and soon carried the works in our front. My regiment first planted its colors on the works. Without waiting to hold captured property, although several guns were captured by my men, a flank fire was opened both to the right and left, assisting the other brigades of this and the Second Division in carrying their respective fronts. In the afternoon of the same day, and during all the following, my regiment joined in the general movement of the brigade.

Among the names especially deserving of honorable mention are those of the gallant Captain John B. Doughty, who was killed while urging his men though the abatis; Captain Henry Curran and Lieutenant E. R. Jones did good service; Captain Thomas Flint captured and destroyed two wagons loaded with valuable stores; Captain William Bremmer cap-

