
therein between 400 and 500 prisoners. From this point a farther advance was made, and two forts, with three guns each, taken, one of which, known as Fort McGraw, was soon after relinquished to a strong column of the enemy the pickets and sharpshooters having expended their ammunition. The enemy being afterward forced back by the main advance on Petersburg, the pickets and sharpshooters were withdrawn and rejoined the command about 9 p.m.

The troops, after breaking through the enemy's works, pressed forward with the greatest dash and enthusiasm and without order of formation, until at length they were halted with great difficulty and the lines reformed at a point on the Boydton plank road over a mile from the rebel lines. The division was then moved by the left flank, and put in position in one line-Warner on the right, Hyde in the center, and Grant's (Vermont) brigade, now commanded by Bvt. Colonel Charles Mundee, assistant adjutant-general on the left, with the left near the captured works, and the line extending therefrom at right angles and facing westward or toward Hatcher's Run. A few skirmishers of the Third Division joined the let with the breast-works and two brigades of the First Division were moving up in support of the right flank, when the formation being completed, the line was advanced. The enemy resisted stoutly from a fort a few hundred yards in front of our left and fired several rounds of canister, but being soon outflanked and enveloped the, work was taken, with several guns and a number of prisoners, and no further resistance was made. For over two miles the line moved forward over a wooded and difficult country, capturing flags guns, and prisoners at every step. In the eagerness of the advance many prisoners and captures were sent to the rear and turned over without proper receipts or credit being obtained for them.

Having advanced nearly to Hatcher's Run, opposite the front of the Army of the James, and the enemy having disappeared, the line was halted, reformed and closed in to the left. The two brigades of the First Division and the Third Division soon after came up and the troops rested. About 9 a.m. it having been decided to advance on Petersburg, the troops were put in motion for that point, retracing their steps and marching in parallel columns. After passing the scene of the morning assault the division was formed in two miles, on the left of the Twenty-fourth Corps, with the right of the division on the Boydton plank road, Mundee's (Vermont) brigade on the right, Warner's in the center, and Hyde's on the left, with his left refused- and advanced under shell fire about half a mile when a temporary halt was made. This point is about who miles from the inner lines about Petersburg. Much annoyance was experienced from the fire of a battery on the Cox road, on our left, which, frequently changing its position, completely enfiladed our lines. The shelling from front and right was also severe. Allen's (Rhode Island) battery and Harn's battery, which were attached to the division, were brought up and replied to the enemy's fire. At my suggestion General Wheaton, commanding First Division moved his division up to extend and support the left; but observing the enemy moving guns and troops on the Cox road and endeavoring to form, I advanced the command at once, without waiting for the First Division, in order to attack before he was ready. This advance was made about noon.

The troops moved forward with great spirit, although under a very heavy fire of shell and a desultory musketry. The batteries, Harn's and Allen's advanced in fine style with the infantry, and kept up a hot fire, and the enemy were forced rapidly back. The force maneu-

