
vering on the Cox road retired before our advance, to avoid being cut off from Petersburg, until a last stand was made at Edge Hill, Lee's headquarters, where the battery, being deserved by its support and the horses killed, was captured after a brave resistance. The enemy now took refuge behind the inner works about Petersburg. The division, much fatigued and scattered by the rapid advances and hard work of the day, was in no shape to assault the works. Accordingly the troops were collected and reformed and posted in two lines, with the left on the Appomattox; entrenchments,were erected and pickets thrown out. A desultory artillery firing closed the day's work.

The enemy having evacuated Petersburg and retreated during the night of the 2nd, the following day the troops advanced westward in pursuit by the Namozine (or River) road, the Second Division in advance, and bivouacked on Whipponock Creek, after a march of fourteen miles. On the 4th advanced across Winticomack Creek, twelve miles; on the 5th, to near Jetersville Station, sixteen miles, and camped in two lines on the right of the Third Division, with the First Division massed in support on our right, the lines extending nearly east and west, and facing north toward Amelia Court-House where the enemy was reported in force.

At 6 a.m. on the 6th the line was advanced by the right of regiments to the front nearly three miles toward Amelia Court-House, when the enemy being found to have retreated the troops retraced their steps, and, marching by the camp of the night preceding, crossed the Danville railroad at Jetersville Station and followed a road leading to Rice's Station on the South Side Railroad.

The division being in rear did not participate in the struggle at Sailor's Creek, although brought up and formed in line on the double-quick. After crossing the creek the division was placed in the advance, and soon after night-fall moved forward about two miles, when the troops were encamped for the night. The Second Vermont Regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Tracy, deployed as skirmishers, pushed forward nearly two miles farther, until the enemy's rear guard was encountered, when a slight skirmish ensued without result.

On the 7th the command moved to Farmville, via Rice's Station, crossed the Appomattox, and bivouacked on the north side, making a march of fourteen miles.

On the 8th, moved to New Store on the Appomattox Court-House plank road, fifteen miles; and on the 9th moved ten miles to the scene of the surrender of the rebel Army of Northern Virginia. Having rested during the 10th,on the 11th the command retraced their steps, marching through Farmville and Rice's Station to the present camp near Burkeville Junction, which was reached on the afternoon of the 13th.

In these operations the officers and men of the division displayed their usual gallantry, so conspicuous during the campaigns of the last year. Recommendations of those who particularly distinguished themselves will be forwarded at the earliest practicable moment.

Accompanying are reports of brigade commanders, lists of casualties, &amp;c.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. GETTY,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Division.

Bvt. Major C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixth Army Corps.

