
by distinguished gallantry and meritorious services in the assault of the enemy's works and the subsequent engagements of the 2nd instant are deserving of promotion; also the names of enlisted men, including those who captured battle-flags, who by their conduct on the same day are entitled to receive medals or other rewards of merit: Bvt. Brigadier General J. M. Warner, colonel Eleventh Vermont Volunteers, commanding First Brigade to be brigadier-general for gallant and meritorious services in the assault upon the enemy's lines on the 2nd instant, and inthe subsequent operations of the day; also for gallantry in the attack upon the enemy's picket-line in front of Fort Fisher on the 25th of March, 1865. Colonel Thomas W. Hyde, First Maine Veteran Volunteers commanding Third Brigade, to be brigadier-general by brevet for gallant and meritorious services in the assault upon the enemy's lines on the 2nd instant, and in the subsequent operations of the day; also for gallantry in the attack upon the enemy's picket-line in front of Fort Fisher on the 25th of March, 1865. Bvt. Colonel Charles Mundee, assistant adjutant-general, to be brigadier-general by brevet for gallantry and meritorious services in the assault on the enemy's line on the 2nd, and in the subsequent operations of the day, when in command of the Vermont brigade. Bvt. Colonel Hazard Stevens, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, to be brigadier-general by brevet for gallant and meritorious conduct throughout the whole day, and for material services rendered in forming and reforming the troops. Catp. Henry R. Murray, One hundred and forty-eighth New York Volunteers, aide-de-camp to be major by brevet for meritorious conduct on the 25th of March, and lieutenant-colonel by brevet for gallant and very meritorious conduct on the 2nd instant. First Lieutenant Charles H. Anson, Eleventh Vermont Volunteers, aide-de-camp, to be major by brevet for distinguished services in the assault and for great gallantry in every movement throughout the day. Bvt. Major James D. Duncan, One hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for very meritorious conduct during the entire day. Bvt. Major William H. Terrell, Froty-third New York Volunteers, commanding division sharpshooters to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for his skill and bravery in leading his men to the assault of the enemy's lines. Captain H. J. Gifford, Forty-ninth New York Volunteers, ordnance officer, to be major by brevet for very meritorious conduct and valuable services on this and all former occasions in supplying the troops promptly with ammunition on the battle-field and in the skirmish First Lieutenant John S. Cornue, regimental quartermaster, One hundred and twenty-second New York Volunteers, to be major by brevet for distinguished bravery in leading the assault with his regiment, which services by his position as acting assistant quartermaster were entirely voluntary. Lieutenant Colonel D. J. Caw, Battalion Seventy-seventh New York Volunteers, to be colonel by brevet for distinguished gallantry in the first assault where he commanded and led the first line of the brigade, and contributed greatly to the successful entrance into the enemy's main line of works, where he was wounded. Captain I. D. Clapp, Battalion Seventy-seventh New York Volunteers, to be major by brevet for gallantry in the first assault when he was wounded while tearing away abatis. Lieutenant Colonel S. C. Fletcher, First Maine Veteran Volunteers to be colonel by brevet for distinguished gallantry and coolness while in command of the second line of the brigade, and for materially contributing to our success in penetrating the enemy's lines and for planting his colors upon their works among the first if not the very

