
first, Major A. B. Summer, First Maine Veteran Volunteers, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for special skill and judgment in leading the skirmish line during the last assault. Captain A. Merrill, First Maine Veteran Volunteers to be major by brevet for advancing his picket-line with the assaulting column and with six men capturing sixty-nine of the enemy and recapturing several of our men whom they had taken prisoners. Lieutenant Colonel Robert L. Orr, Sixty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers to be colonel by brevet for distinguished gallantry in the assault when he was the first of his regiment in the enemy's works and for gallantry in the last assault, where he was severely wounded yet did not leave his regiment. Captain O. A. Parsons, Sixty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be major by brevet for gallantry in the assault, where he was wounded while tearing away abatis. Lieutenant Colonel William H. Long, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, to be colonel by brevet for meritorious conduct in remaining on the field during the day when unfit from illness to keep the saddle. Bvt. Major George H. Selkirk, Battalion Forty-ninth New York Volunteers, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for coolness and bravery while putting the brigade in position under fire from the enemy's skirmish line and for gallant bravery throughout the day. Captain George W. Bonett, Third Vermont Volunteers, for gallant and meritorious conduct throughout whole day, to be major by brevet. Bvt. Captain Henry C. Baxter, Eleventh Vermont Volunteers, aide-de-camp, to be major by brevet for gallant and meritorious conduct throughout the day. Lieutenant Colonel A. S. Tracy, Second Vermont Volunteers, to be colonel by brevet for the gallant manner in which he conducted the assault of the brigade on the enemy's works in the morning. Captain A. C. Douglas, One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be major by brevet for gallant and meritorious conduct in the engagement on the 25th of March, when he was severely wounded. Lieutenant Colonel D. C. Keller, Ninety-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be colonel by brevet for gallant and meritorious conduct on the 25th of March, when he was severely wounded. Major John Fritz, Ninety-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for gallant and meritorious, conduct on the 25th of March, when he was severely wounded. Captain S. C. Crawford, One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be major by brevet for gallant and meritorious conduct both on the 25th of March and 2nd of April. Bvt. Major R. W. Lyon, One hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for gallant and meritorious conduct on the 2nd instant. Captain B. Frank Hean, Ninety-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be major by brevet for gallant services rendered on the 25th of March and 2nd of April. Captain P. G. Mark, Ninety-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be major by brevet for gallant services rendered on the 25th ultimo and 2nd instant. Lieutenant O. Sharpless, Ninety-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be captain by brevet for gallant services rendered on the 25th ultimo and 2nd instant. Lieutenant B. F. Krieger, acting aide-de-camp, to be captain by brevet for services rendered on the 25th ultimo and 2nd instant. Major Eugene, O. Cole, Fifth Vermont Volunteers, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for distinguished service in advancing the skirmish line of the division and capturing a fort. Captain Charles G. Gould, Fifth Vermont Volunteers, to be major by brevet for great gallantry in mounting the enemy's works, where he received a severe bayonet wound in the face. Captain E. W. Harrington, Second Vermont Volunteers, to be major by brevet for gallant and meritorious conduct in leading and cheering his men on through the whole day. Major William J. Sperry, Sixth Vermont Volunteers, to be lieu-

