
First Provisional Brigade, Third Division.

February 14.-This brigade was organized form the Sixth and Seventh Wisconsin, the other regiments of the First Brigade, Third Division, having been sent north on duty. The regiments were, at the time, in their present location, and picket and fatigue duty and the erection of quarters have occupied the attention of both officers and men since that date.

First Brigade, Third Division.

March 3.-The Ninety-first New York Veteran Volunteers was assigned to this brigade by Special Orders, Numbers 55, headquarters Third Division.

March 15.-The term "provisional" was dropped from the designation of the brigade by Special Orders, Numbers 68, headquarters Third Division.

March 26 [25].-At 7 a. m. the brigade moved to the support of the Ninth Corps, and was halted near Warren's Station until about 4 p. m., when it moved to support the left of the Sixth Corps. After dark the brigade returned to camp.

March 29.-Early in the morning the brigade broke camp and marched to a point near the Boydton plank road.

March 30.-It moved to the plank road and threw up breast-works.

March 31.-Crossed the plank road, and, after advancing about a mile, was attacked by the enemy, and the line in front of this brigade breaking suddenly, allowing the enemy to advance before the brigade could be deployed, it was forced back across a creek in its rear. The battle-field was reoccupied during the day, and our line considerably advanced beyond it.

April 1.-The brigade took a prominent part in the action which secured the evacuation of Petersburg by breaking the South Side Railroad.

April 2.-Moved to the railroad, and on it toward Petersburg three or four miles; then took the Burkeville road west a distance of about five miles, where there was some skirmishing with the enemy.

April 3.-Moved on toward Burkeville and continued in the pursuit of Lee's army, being near Appomattox Court-House the 9th, when General Lee surrendered at that place. remained until the 14th, for the terms of capitulation to be carried out. Returned by way of Farmville to Burkeville, encamping a few miles out toward Danville.

April 18 (about).-Were ordered to guard the Petersburg and Lynchburg Railroad.

April 20 and 21.-Marched to our present location.

Second Brigade, Thirds Division.

February 5.-Moved from camp on Jerusalem plank road at 7 a. m., marching south, crossing Rowanty Creek; from that to Gravelly Run far as Vaughan road; halted for the night, a portion of the brigade doing picket duty.

February 6.-Moved at 4 a. m.; marched back to Hatcher's Run. At 2 p.m . moved upon the enemy, and participated in the battle near Dabney's Mill.

February 7.-Line again formed at 10 a. m.; portion of brigade deployed as skirmishers and advanced on enemy, driving them from line of rifle-

