
tenant-colonel by brevet for gallantry in assisting to capture two pieces of artillery. Captain George G. Tilden, Eleventh Vermont Volunteers, to be major by brevet for distinguished services in capturing Colonel Nelson (commanding a rebel brigade) and a large number of prisoners. First Lieutenant George A. Bailey, Eleventh Vermont Volunteers, to be captain by brevet for gallantry in aiding to capture two pieces of artillery and for untiring energy and good conduct throughout the day. First Lieutenant John H. Macomber, Eleventh Vermont Volunteers, to be captain by brevet for gallantry in the assault of the morning, in which he received a very dangerous wound. Captain R. L. Annesley, Battalion Forty-third New York Volunteers, to be major by brevet for bravery throughout the whole day. Captain J. C. Sample, One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers to be major by brevet for gallant and meritorious conduct in the assault on the enemy, when he was severely wounded. Lieutenant Colonel Charles Reen, Ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be colonel by brevet for gallant conduct in the first charge, when he was wounded, causing the loss of leg. Captain William L. Pettit, One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be major by brevet for gallant and meritorious conduct throughout the day. First Lieutenant H. J. Nichols, Eleventh Vermont Volunteers, aide-de-camp, to be captain by brevet and major by brevet for gallant and meritorious conduct both on the 25th of March and 2nd of April. First Lieutenant Hugh McIlwain, One hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers, pioneer officer, to be captain by brevet for meritorious services rendered throughout the day. First Lieutenant William H. Savage, First Maine Veteran Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp, to be captain by brevet for gallantry and good behavior throughout the day. First Lieutenant D. A. Monroe, One hundred and twenty-second New York Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp, to be captain by brevet for gallantry and good behavior throughout the entire day. First Lieutenant Thomas Lynch, Battalion Forty-third New York Volunteers, to be captain by brevet for bravery throughout the entire day. First Lieutenant French W. Fisher, Battalion Forty-ninth New York Volunteers, to [be] captain by brevet for distinguished gallantry in the assault when he was wounded. Captain Charles H. Bewley, Sixty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be major by brevet for special bravery throughout the entire day.

I respectfully recommend that medals be awarded to the following named enlisted men; Sergt. Lester G, Hack, Company F, Fifth Vermont Volunteers who captured the colors of the Twenty-third Tennessee rebel regiment. Corpl. Charles W. Dolloff, Company K, Eleventh Vermont Volunteers, who captured the colors of the Forty-second Mississippi rebel regiment. Sergt. Charles Marquett, Company F, Ninety-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, who captured a rebel battle-flag. Private Milton Matthews, Company C, Sixty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, who captured the colors of the Seventh Tennessee rebel regiment; Private Theodore Mitchell, Company C, Sixty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, who captured the battle-flag of the Tennessee brigade. Sergt. Frank Shubert, Company E, Forty-third New York Volunteers, who captured two guidons of a rebel regiment. Sergt. Thomas I. McColley, Company F, Second Vermont, for general good conduct and for gallantry in carrying the brigade flag at the head of the brigade during the entire engagement; Corpl. A. A. Carter, Company D, Fourth Vermont, who recaptured an officer of the Third Division, Sixth Corps, and brought in the captors, two rebel prisoners, First Sergt. Israel Highhill, Sixty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, who captured one of the pieces near General Lee's headquarters; Corpl. Isaac Colburn, Company D, One hun-

