
Numbers 124. Report of Captain B. Frank Hean, Ninety-third Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. NINETY-THIRD PENNSYLVANIA VETERAN VOLS.,April 15, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment on April 2, 1865:

The regiment was placed in the third and fourth lines of battle by battalions, forming on the picket-line in front of Battery Gregg. At 4 a.m. the order was given to charge the enemy's works, which were carried after a short and obstinate struggle. In so doing the enemy opened with artillery and infantry causing the first two lines to waver, bringing all lines close in mass, with the third line (Ninety-third), as a front, which was first to plant the colors upon the works. We passed on, pursuing the enemy until ordered to halt for reformation. After reforming the line was moved off to the left for connection, halted, and after some time the lines were advanced toward Hatcher's Run. Received orders to return toward Petersburg. Upon our arrival the regiment was placed in line of battle, which was advanced in an oblique direction to the left, bringing the regiment immediately fronting a battery, which opened, with grape and canister, the line still closing in until only a few paces intervening. While so doing Sergt. Hiram Layland, Company H, led a squad to the left of the battery to outflank it if possible; upon arriving within a short distance of it he opened fire, shooting several horses and causing the men to desert their guns; at the same time the line in its front charged the line passed on a short distance, when ordered to halt. Entrenchments were thrown up as night approached.

Great praise is due Sergt. Charles Marquette, Company F, for capturing a rebel color while charging the enemy's works in the morning; Sergeant Layland for gallant service, and Corpl. Jacob Renkenberger for planting the first color upon the enemy's works in the first charge. Sergeant Layland was killed in advance of the line at the canal while picking off the rebel artillerymen. Officers and men stood nobly throughout the day.

Our casualties are as follows: Killed, enlisted men, 3. Wounded, commissioned officers, 3; enlisted men, 32-which have been previously reported.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. FRANK HEAN,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain E. A. TODD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 125. Report of Captain Bernhard Gessler, Ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. NINETY-EIGHTH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VET. VOLS.,April 15, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the report regarding the part taken by the Ninety-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers in the fight of the 2nd day of April

The brigade formed in two lines of battle on the left and in front of Fort Fisher, the Ninety-eighth Regiment being the second line. About

