
Numbers 127. Report of Bvt. Major General Lewis A. Grant, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS, Camp near Burkeville, Va., April 16, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to respectfully transmit the report of Bvt. Major Merritt Barber, assistant adjutant-general, of the operations and conduct of the brigade in the engagement of the 2nd instant, and respectfully request the privilege of adopting it as my own. Wounded early in the morning, I was an eye-witness to only a small portion of the operations of the day, but I have implicit confidence in the correctness of the report, and I improve this occasion to speak in high terms of commendation of the gallant and meritorious conduct of Brevet Major Barber.

The casualties of the day were 2 commissioned officers and 24 enlisted men killed; 10 officers and 151 men wounded, and 7 enlisted men missing; in all, 196. Four of the missing men were subsequently recaptured, and one is supposed killed. A nominal list of the casualties has already been forwarded.

I also herewith transmit the names of officers recommended for promotion, and of the enlisted men recommended for medals and rewards.

The brigade joined in the pursuit of Lee's retreating army early on the morning of the 3rd instant, and formed in line of battle, near Jetersville, on the evening of the 5th instant.

On the morning of the 6th instant the brigade advanced toward Amelia Court-House to attack the enemy if found in position, and subsequently returned to the camp of the previous night, and then marched in pursuit of the retreating enemy. Making a forced march of several miles, the brigade, with the brigades of the division, came up in season to support the First and Third Divisions of the corps, in the engagement of Sailor's Creek. Passing rapidly over the battle-field the brigade formed in line, and soon after dark advanced about two miles and encamped for the night. The Second Vermont Regiment, being thrown forward as skirmishers, came upon the enemy's cavalry, when a slight skirmish ensued. The next day we marched to Farmville and crossed the Appomattox.

When the corps left the vicinity of Farmville on the morning of the 8th instant I was ordered to return with the brigade to Farmville and remain until relieved by General Parke. In compliance, with said order I remained at Farmville and garrisoned the town until about 10 a.m. of the 10th instant, when I was relieved by General Curtin's brigade, of General Parke's command, and immediately started to join the corps. After marching several miles, I received unofficial intelligence from which I was satisfied of General Lee's surrender, whereupon I dispatched a staff officer to the brevet major-general commanding division for orders, and halted the command within one or two miles of New Store. The command subsequently returned to this place with the division.

The casualties of the brigade since leaving Petersburg, as reported, are three men wounded. One of those was wounded by the accidental discharge of one of the rebel muskets with which the road was strewn in large numbers.

