
I am happy to be able to add that notwithstanding the activeness of the campaign and the forced marches performed, the command is in efficient condition, and ready for any service it may be called upon to perform.

I remain, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. A. GRANT,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

Bvt. Colonel CHARLES MUNDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] HEADQUARTERS VERMONT BRIGADE, April 15, 1865.

SIR: At your request I have the honor to report the part taken by this command in the engagement of the 2nd instant, which resulted in the capture of Petersburg.

The brigade moved out from camp at 11 p.m., passed through the line of works near Fort Welch, and was silently placed in position in column of regiments close up to the entrenched skirmish, line captured from the enemy on the 25th of March. The order of the regiments in column from front to rear was as follows: The Fifth Vermont, Lieutenant Colonel R. A. Kennedy commanding; Second Vermont Lieutenant Colonel A. S. Tracy commanding; Sixth Vermont, Major William J. Sperry commanding; Fourth Vermont, Captain George H. Amidon commanding; Third Vermont, Bvt. Colonel H. W. Floyd commanding; Eleventh Vermont in two battalions, under command of Major George D. Sowles and Captain D. J. Safford, respectively, the two being under command of Lieutenant Colonel Charles Hundson. By 1 a.m. the whole command had taken position and laid down to await the disposition of the troops upon the right and left. About 2 o'clock a heavy fire was opened along the entire skirmish line, which was vigorously replied to by the skirmishers of the enemy. During this fire we were sadly grieved to learn that you had been severely wounded in the head by a minie-bullet and would require immediate treatment. The troops being in position and everything in readiness, at 4 a.m. precisely the signal gun for the assault was fired from Fort Fisher, but owing to the heavy cannonading, which had been kept up at intervals had been, kept up at intervals during the night, it was not understood. Soon, however, it was learned that the signal had been given, and ours being the guiding brigade, that the troops on our right and left were waiting for us to advance. The command immediately moved forward over the works of the skirmish line and pressed on steadily and silently until they had very nearly reached the first line of the enemy's entrenchments, when they were discovered by their skirmishers, who delivered a weak and scattering volley and then fled. The alarm having been given and silence no longer necessary, a cheer, that has been heard on nearly every battle-field in Virginia. went up from 10,000 brave hearts, and told the story to friend and foe that the Sixth Corps was on a charge and pushing for the main works of the enemy, about 500 yards in front. After passing over about half the distance the enemy began to pour in a well-directed musketry fire from the front and artillery, fire from forts on either hand, which completely enfiladed the line, and caused it to waver. This was the most critical moment throughout the entire engagement. Day was just beginning to dawn and very soon the enemy would be able to discover our precise

