
position and movements. They had also become apprised of the point of attack and were apparently beginning to appreciate its importance, and were hastening to meet it with all the strength at their disposal.

But, to the credit of the command, the hesitation was but momentary, and the troops again pushed forward with a determination that knew no such word as fail. The remaining portion of the ground was passed over under a most withering fire of musketry, but with a gallantry that was never surpassed, and which betokened the victory subsequently won. Officers and men vied with each other in the race for the works, and all organization, was lost in the eagerness and enthusiasm of the troops. The line of abatis was brushed away like cobwebs and the men swarmed over the works with yells and cheers that struck terror to the rebels flying in all directions.

In crossing the ground in front of the abatis the casualties were very numerous; Lieutenant George O. French, Eleventh Vermont, was instantly killed while gallantly cheering on his men, and Lieutenant G. C. Hawkins, Third Vermont, acting adjutant Fourth Vermont, very dangerously wounded while leading the men forward with an enthusiasm deserving of all praise.

Bvt. Major E. G. Ballou, ever conspicuous in engagements, was also wounded by a piece of shell and obliged to retire from the field, but returned during the afternoon. It is confidently believed that Captain Charles G. Gould of the Fifth Vermont, was the first man of the Sixth Corps who mounted the enemy's works. His regiment was in the first line of the brigade and in the charge he was far in advance of his command. Upon mounting the works he received a severe bayonet wound in the face and was struck several times with clubbed muskets, but bravely stood his ground, killing with his saber the man who bayoneted him, and retiring from the works only after his comrades came to his assistance and routed the enemy from their lines.

Two earth-works, one to the right of the ravine, containing four guns, and the other to the left, containing two guns, were here captured.

After crossing the works the brigade pushed forward to the crest of the hill in the rear, where a short halt was ordered for the purpose of reforming. The organization obtained here was very incomplete, owing to the eagerness of the troops to pursue the enemy, who were making for the woods in the rear, but with such organization as it has the brigade turning to the left, moved forward about half a mile and halted at the edge of a dense wood to reform. The brigade was here formed in single line, in numerical order from right to left, the Eleventh connecting with the Third Division, and about half a mile distance from and inside of the enemy's of the enemy's works. The lines being formed the whole command pushed forward vigorously through thickets, swamps, and pine woods, soon losing all organization again in the eagerness of the men to surpass each other in the pursuit of the enemy, who were being pressed so closely that they could scarcely fire a shot, and appeared to have given up all idea of resistance, and were only desirous to be taken prisoners. In this manner the pursuit was continued for about four miles in a direction nearly parallel with the works until Bailey's house, near Hatcher's Run, was reached where the brigade was halted for a few minutes and then moved to the left and formed in column of regiments just inside the works.

Words are inadequate to express the conduct of the troops in this second charge. Every man appeared to consider himself a host, and singly or in squads of three or four they charged upon whatever obstructions came in their paths. Bvt. Major E. Wales, of the Second Vermont,

