
pits into the main line of works. Heavy skirmishing continued during the entire day. At 5 p. m. advance was ordered, but did not succeed in carrying the works, and returned to line held by skirmishers, stopping during the day. The brigade remained on this line until 1 a. m., when it marched back to Hatcher's Run.

February 8.-On picket duty during the entire day.

February 9.-Returned to formed camp for baggage, &amp;c.

February 10.-Marched to and established present camp near Halifax road.

March 7.-The Third Division, to which this brigade is attached, was reviewed by General Meade.

March 14.-Corps reviewed by General Meade.

March 16.-Corps reviewed by Secretary of War and Generals Meade and Warren.

March 23.-Brigade marched to temporarily occupy lines of First Division, Second Corps, absent on review.

March 25.-Brigade moved to support of Ninth Corps, whose works the enemy had attacked and partially carried. Attack repelled by Ninth Corps. Division reviewed by President Lincoln.

March 29.-Brigade broke camp near Hatcher's Run and moved in a southwesterly direction, crossing Rowanty Creek; then following Quaker road until vicinity of Boydton plank road was reached near Gravelly Run, where enemy was found. Brigade here formed line of battle on left of First Division; one regiment of brigade, deployed as skirmishers, covered front of brigade, connecting with skirmishers of First Division on right and Third Brigade on left. the enemy retreated before our advance and brigade bivouacked in an open field near Boydton plank road.

March 30.-brigade moved to Boydton plank road, forming line parallel with same . Day occupied in throwing up breast-works, behind which the troops lay remainder of day and night.

March 31.-Line formed at 6.30 a. m., and moved out from works built on 30th. Followed Boydton road two miles, then filed to right, halted, and massed in woods near an open filed; one regiment placed on picket, connecting with the picket-line of the Second Division on left, right resting on Gravelly Run. The advance of the Second Division, by superior force of enemy, fell back. To prevent capture brigade fell back across Gravelly Run, when line was again formed and further advance of the enemy was successfully arrested. At 3 p. m. moved again to left and front, crossing the run, recovering our wounded lost in the morning. At night brigade threw up breast-works to complete the line between Second Corps, on right, and First Division of the corps, on left, in rear of which works the brigade bivouacked for the night.

Commissioned officers killed and wounded during the month; Lieutenant Colonel H. M. Tremlett, Thirty-ninth Massachusetts Volunteers; Captain W. C. Kinsley, Thirty-ninth Massachusetts Volunteers (since died); Lieutenant Alpheus Thomas, Thirty-ninth Massachusetts Volunteers; Captain A. H. Van Deusen, Ninety-seventh New York Volunteers; all March 31.

April 1.-The morning found the brigade lying in rear of works built on night of 31st, near White Oak road. Line of battle formed in rear of works and marched in retreat to Gravelly Run Church, which place we reached about 3 p. m. Brigade was here formed in two lines, connecting with First Division on right, and on left with First Brigade, Third Division; advance of the entire line ordered at 3 p. mn. The enemy's skirmishers were driven steadily before our advance.

7 R R-VOL XLVI, PT I

