
with two men, captured a piece of artillery, turned it upon the enemy, and the shell with which the piece was charged went howling through the woods after the very men who had prepared the compliment for us. Major Sperry, of the Sixth, and Lieutenant Bailey, of the Eleventh Vermont, assisted by a few men, captured two pieces and turned them upon the flying rebels. Being unable to procure primers the pieces were discharged by firing a musket into the vent of the piece. In this manner twelve rounds were fired, when a section of artillery coming up the guns were turned over to its commander.

Captain Tilden of the Eleventh Vermont with about a dozen men, captured 2 pieces of artillery, 11 commissioned officers and 62 enlisted men of the Forty-second Mississippi Regiment. Sergt. Lester G. Hack, Company F, Fifth Vermont, dashed into a squad of rebels who had gathered round a beautiful stand of colors, and with a humanity as praiseworthy as his daring, knocked down the color bearer, seized the colors as they fell, and rushed on to another portion of the field. Corpl. Charles W. Dolloff, Company K, Eleventh Vermont Volunteers, also captured a battle-flag, supposed to be that of the Forty-second Mississippi Regiment.

About 9 a.m. the brigade was again put in motion and moved back along the line of works, passed the point at which the lines were penetrated in the morning, and formed about three miles south of Petersburg on the left of a road leading to the city, the spires of which were plainly visible in the distance. The ground between this formation and the city consisted of a service of hills and marshy ravines, and the enemy were distinctly seen making every disposition of their troops and artillery to contest our advance.

The brigade formed in single line from right to left as follows; Eleventh, Second, Third, Fifth, Sixth, and Fourth; a skirmish line was advanced, under Captain Safford, of the Eleventh Vermont, and the command then moved forward its right resting on the road. The enemy poured in a very heavy fire of shot and shell from a battery on our right, which completely enfiladed our lines, and a perfect hail storm of canister from a battery of four guns planted in the garden of the Turnbull house, where General Lee had his headquarters, directly in front. Brevet Colonel Floyd, commanding Third Vermont, threw forward a few men as skirmishers, with orders to advance on the double-quick and shoot the horses of the battery to prevent its being removed. This daring feat was accomplished with perfect success, the brigade in the meantime wheeling to the left and rapidly closing in upon the guns. The commander of the battery, finding it impossible to escape with his guns, raised a white flag, when Colonel Floyd ordered the firing to cease, and pressed forward to receive his surrender. At the same time Captain R. Templeton, of the Eleventh Vermont, with a small squad of men, came gallantly up from the right flank on the double-quick to contest with Colonel Floyd the capture of the guns. Just at this moment the skirmish line of the First Brigade of this division coming up on the left and not observing the white flag, opened fire on the battery, when the men turned and fled. The guns were immediately taken possession of and a guard from the brigade established over them.

Daring this charge Captain Morey, of the Second Vermont, was instantly killed by a canister-shot from this battery, and Lieutenants Humphrey and Tilson, of the Fourth Vermont, were severely wounded. They were brave officers, and were doing their duty nobly when they fell.

