
commanders of the Fifth, Sixth, and Eleventh Vermont,each claims that the colors of his command were the first planted on the works, but owing to the darkness prevailing at the time the lines were reached, and the distance between the points at which these colors were placed on the works it is impossible to decide the delicate question. There is no question, however, that the honor belongs to the Vermont brigade.

The captures of the command during the day consist of 2 battle-flags, 19 pieces of artillery, several caissons, a large number of artillery horses, mules, harnesses, and equipments, great quantities of quartermaster's and medical stores, and several hundred prisoners. Owing to the enthusiasm of the troops and the rapidity with which the brigade was maneuvered, but little attention was given to procuring credit for the captures to which the command is entitled.

It is impossible for any one individual to do credit to all the operations of the command, on account of the extended field over which they were carried on. The troops could not be restrained from pushing out in all directions from the lines in pursuit of adventures, and in this they contributed very materially to the success of the day, not only in capturing prisoners and preventing organization of the enemy at any point, but also in destroying and capturing large quantities of means of transportation, and of stores which were of great value to the enemy.

Such as are here narrated are but the general features of the part taken by the command in the engagement for the possession of Petersburg, and it is by no means claimed that it comprises all the achievements performed on that day by the Vermont brigade.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. BARBER,

Brevet Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Bvt. Major General L. A. GRANT,

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS, Camp near Burkeville, Va., April 16, 1865

Bvt. Colonel CHARLES MUNDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to respectfully recommend the following-named officers of this command for promotion for gallant and meritorious conduct in the battles near Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865: Captain and Bvt. Major Merrittt Barber, assistant adjutant-general, to be brevet lieutenant-colonel; Captain George W. Bonett, Third Vermont Volunteers, brigade inspector, to be brevet major; Captain George H. Sessions, Fifth Vermont Volunteers, aide-de-camp, to be brevet major; First Lieutenant and Bvt. Captain Henry C. Baxter, Eleventh Vermont Volunteers, aide-de-camp to be brevet major; First Lieutenant Judson A. Lewis, Eleventh Vermont Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp, to be brevet captain; Lieutenant Colonel A. S. Tracy, Second Vermont Volunteers, to be brevet colonel; Captain and Bvt. Major E. G. Ballou, Second Vermont Volunteers, to be brevet lieutenant-colonel; Captain and Bvt. Major Elijah Wales, Second Vermont Volunteers, to be brevet lieutenant-colonel; Lieutenant Colonel and Bvt. Colonel H. W. Floyd, Third Vermont Volunteers, to be brevet brigadier-general; Captain Alonzo H. Newt, Third Vermont Volunteers, to be brevet major; Captain W. H. Hubbard, Third Vermont Volunteers, to be brevet major; Lieutenant and Adjt. A. H. Hall, Third Vermont Volunteers, to be brevet

