
captain; Captain George H. Amidon, Fourth Vermont Volunteers, to be brevet major; Captain Charles G. Fisher, Fourth Vermont Volunteers, to be brevet major; Major Eugene O. Cole, Fifth Vermont Veteran Volunteers, to be brevet lieutenant-colonel; Captain Charles G. Gould, Fifth Vermont Veteran Volunteers, to be brevet major; Major William J. Sperry, Sixth Vermont Volunteers, to be brevet lieutenant-colonel: Captain Henry N. Bushnell, Sixth Vermont Volunteers, to be brevet major; Captain Lyman S. Williams, Sixth Vermont Volunteers to be brevet major; Lieutenant and Adjt. Hiram S. English, Sixth Vermont Volunteers, to be brevet captain; Lieutenant Captain Charles Hunsdon, Eleventh Vermont Volunteers, to be brevet colonel; Captain R. Templeton, Eleventh Vermont Volunteers, to be brevet major; Captain George G. Tilden, Eleventh Vermont Volunteers, to be brevet major; First Lieutenant C. H. Anson, Eleventh Vermont Volunteers, to be brevet captain; First Lieutenant George A. Bailey, Eleventh Vermont Volunteers, to be brevet captain; First Lieutenant John H. Macomber, Eleventh Vermont Volunteers, to be brevet captain.

I have the honor to recommend that a medal be awarded to each of the following-named enlisted men: Thomas I. McColley, mounted orderly at brigade headquarters, for general good conduct and for gallantry in carrying the brigade flag at the head of the brigade during the entire engagement of April 2; Sergt. George B. Ordway Second Vermont Volunteers, for being the first to place his colors on a battery in the enemy's works on the morning of April 2; First Sergt. Orlando S. Turner, Company D, Second Vermont Volunteers, for being one of the first to mount the enemy's works and place his hands on the battery captured near the headquarters of General Lee; Sergt. Hoxxey C. Rogers, Company I, and Private Ira Pierce, Company F, Second Vermont Volunteers for being among the first to enter the enemy's works on the morning of the 2nd of April; Corpl. J. E. Johnson, Company E, Third Vermont Volunteers, who seized the colors of the regiment after the color bearer had been shot down and though wounded himself, bore them at the head of the regiment the entire day; Corpl. Henry H. Recor, Company A, Fifth Vermont Veteran Volunteers, for conspicuous gallantry in being one of the first to enter the enemy's works and in rescuing Captain Gould, who had been bayoneted, and who was being beaten with the muskets of the enemy; Color-Sergts. Peter Begor, and Orris Pier, Sixth Vermont Volunteers, for planting the colors of the Sixth Vermont on the enemy's works the moment a foot-hold was gained there, and for carrying the colors to the extreme front the entire day; Private William S. Jenne, Company H, Sixth Vermont Volunteers, for being the first man to reach one of the guns of the battery captured near the headquarters of General Lee; Color-Sergts. Samuel L. Daggett and Patrick Byrne, Eleventh Vermont Volunteers, for gallant and conspicuous conduct in planting the colors upon the enemy's works and bearing them to the front the entire day. Sergeant Byrne was seriously wounded. I also respectfully recommend a medal and a furlough of thirty days to each of the following: Sergt. Lester G. Hack, Company F, Fifth Vermont Volunteers, for knocking down the color bearer of the Twenty-third Tennessee (rebel) Regiment and capturing the colors of the same; Corpl. Charles W. Dolloff, Company K, Eleventh Vermont Volunteers, for capturing the colors of the Forty-second Mississippi (rebel) Regiment.

I remain, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. A. GRANT,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

