
ous, but of the most meritorious it gives me pleasure in mentioning a few: Captain C. G. Gould, Company H, when the line advanced on the first fort of the enemy, scaled the works and entered considerably in advance of any of the rest of the command and commenced a hand to hand encounter, which came near costing him his life, receiving a bayonet wound in the face and bruises from clubbed muskets until released from his dangerous position by a few men of his company and Corporal Recor,of Company A. First Lieutenant Robert Pratt, of Company H, also added materially to his reputation of being a soldier in every sense of the word, as well as one of the most unequaled daring. Among the enlisted men none could have done better than the bearers of the national and State standards-Jackson Sargent, sergeant of Company D, and Corpl. Nelson E. Carle, of Company A. Wherever opportunity offered, or possibility allowed, the colors of the Fifth were the first to elicit the cheers of the advancing columns as they appeared planted defiantly upon the enemy's works.

Sergt. Lester G. Hack, Company F, also deserves special mention for the daring he exhibited in capturing the battle-flag of the Twenty-third (rebel) Tennessee Infantry, when surrounded by a score of the foe, who were undecided as to the propriety of surrendering.

Among the killed during this day's sanguinary engagement we have to mourn the loss of First Sergts. Edward Brownlee, Company H, and John Smith, of Company K. They both fell in the thickest of the strife while cheering on the men of their respective companies.

In the above I have given as correctly as circumstances will allow a true statement of the part taken by the Fifth Regiment Vermont Volunteers, in the engagement of Sunday, the 2nd instant, which his respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. A. KENNEDY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding the Regiment.

Captain M. BARBER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 129. Report of Colonel Thomas W. Hyde, First Maine Veteran Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,April 15, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my brigade upon the 2nd of April and during the subsequent movements of the division:

At midnight preceding the 2nd instant my command moved from camp; filed out to the right of Fort Welch, where had been piled the knapsacks and canteens, and took position just in rear of the picket-line of the Third Division on the right of the Second Brigade. My column of attack was formed in four lines, each line nearly equal in numbers. The first line was composed of the Forty-ninth and Seventy-seventh New York Battalions; the second of the First Maine Veteran Volunteers; the third of the Sixty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers and the fourth of the Forty-third New York Battalion and the One hundred and twenty-second New York Volunteers. Axmen were stationed in

