
Agreeably to instructions from Major-General Wright the division was immediately swung to the left, and advanced within and along the works, toward Hatcher's Run. Serious resistance was offered by a battery in front of the Twenty-fourth Corps position, but several of the guns already captured, served by detachments of the Ninth New York Artillery, under Major William Wood and Brevet Major Lamoreaux, were promptly turned upon the enemy. Major Cowan's battery came into position, a portion of the division advanced, and the battery fell [back]. In succession the whole line nearly to Hatcher's Run was swept by the division, some twenty odd guns and many hundred prisoners with four flags, falling into our possession.

It is proper to add that the rebel Lieutenant General A. P. Hill was shot toward the right of the line by Corporal Mauk, One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, while with a small party returning from tearing up the South Side Railroad.

The brigade commanders, Bvt. Brigadier General J. Warren Keifer and Colonel William S. Truex, are highly commended for constant energy and skill in the management of their brigades. Their reports are inclosed, and to them I must refer for mention of the distinguished gallantry with which many of their officers and men conducted themselves.

To the division staff I am under special obligations for assistance rendered during this engagement, and I take pleasure in naming Bvt. Major Andrew J. Smith, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain E. S. Norvell, pioneer officer, and Lieutenant S. H. Lewis, acting aide-de-camp, for more than ordinary good conduct; while to Bvt. Major O. V. Tracy, division inspector; Bvt. Major J. C. Robinson, Captain G. A. Earnshaw, and Lieutenant R. N. Verplanck aides-de-camp, my thanks are also especially due.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. SEYMOUR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SIXTH ARMY CORPS,April 15, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this command on April 6, at Sailor's Creek:

The division was in the advance on the march during that day, the Second Brigade, leading. A severe day's march had already been accomplished and the men were much fatigued, when at 3 p.m. the head of the column arrived at the point near Amelia Springs, where Major-General Sheridan with a force of cavalry was menacing the flank of the enemy's line of retreat. The sharpshooters of the Second Brigade, and the One hundred and twenty-second Ohio, were immediately deployed and advanced to the attack, followed by the remainder of the brigade upon its arrival. The road by which the enemy was retiring was seized cutting off numerous wagons. A portion of the enemy withdrew by a cross-road leading toward the Appomattox, and commenced from two guns a severe and close fire of canister upon our advancing troops; but the skirmishers already named, supported by the One hundred and tenth Ohio and Ninth New York Artillery, pursued them promptly and soon drove them from before us. The remaining regiments of Keifer's brigade (Sixth Maryland, Sixty-seventh and

