
On reaching White Oak road changed direction to left, moving parallel with the road. We flanked the enemy's works, driving them from them in confusion. Pursuit was continued until dark, when brigade moved back on White Oak road and bivouacked.

April 2.-Marched to Hatcher's Run; crossed South Side Railroad; struck the enemy's retreating column at midnight;distance marched; twenty-five miles.

April 3.-Continued in pursuit of enemy.

April 4.-Halted for night at Jetersville, on Danville railroad; works thrown up by Third Brigade, this division, in anticipation of an attack.

April 5.-Remained in bivouac during entire day.

April 6.-Formed line of battle at daylight and advanced against enemy, who hastily retreated.

April 7.-Continued pursuit of enemy. Halted for night at Prince Edward Court-House.

April 8.-Resumed march at 6 a. m.; halted at 2 a. m. following day; day's march, thirty-five miles.

April 9.-Made a rapid march of a few miles, and soon came in sight of our lines, engaged with enemy near Appomattox Court-House. The enemy exhibiting a flag of truce, a cessation of hostilities was ordered until 4 p.m ., at which our General Lee formally surrendered his command to General Grant.

April 10 to 14.-Remained in camp near Appomattox Court-House.

April 15.-Corps ordered to Burkeville Junction, which place we reached on the 17th.

April 20.-Corps ordered to relieve Ninth Corps in performance of duty on line of Danville railroad.

April 21.-Headquarters of brigade established near Blacks and Whites Station. Brigade performed patrol duty up to 30th.

May 1.-Broke camp near Blacks and Whites Station; marched to Wilson's Station.

May 2.-Resumed march at 6 a. m.; halted for night within five miles of Petersburg.

May 3.-Marched through Petersburg.

May 4.-Resumed march at -- a. m.; reached Manchester at noon, and went into camp.

May 6.-Passed in review through Richmond.

May 12.-Reached vicinity of Alexandria and went into camp near Ball's Cross-Roads.

May 23.-Participated in grand review through streets of Washington.

Third Brigade, Third Division.

February 5.-In the morning, with a strength of 59th officers and 1,301 muskets, left camp on Lee's Mill road and marched fifteen miles,crossing Hatcher's Run at Armstrong's Mill.

February 6.-At 3 a. m. recrossed Hatcher's Run and engaged the enemy near Dabney's Mill; a severely contested battle-ground, from which we were withdrawn at dusk to the pits on the run, having lost 10 officers and 193 men killed and wounded.

February 7.-Made a demonstration on the enemy, meeting with a small loss.

February 8.-Recrossed Hatcher's Run, returning to old camp on the 10th.

