
One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania), in conjunction with the First Brigade, were pushed immediately to the left upon the main route. Severe skirmishing ensued but supported by Carroll's section of Brinckle's battery, E, Fifth U. S. Artillery the enemy were forced a mile across Sailor's Creek, behind which he formed a strong line of battle to oppose our crossing. That portion of Keifer's brigade that had been sent on the cross-road found itself in front of the Second Corps, and it was reported to me that the staff officers who were sent to recall it were refused; at all events, it took no further part in this action. The remainder, with Truex's brigade, were formed in line. Wheaton's division came upon on the left and an advance was ordered by Major-General Wright. The stream in front of us was edged with marsh waist deep; through this the command handsomely advanced. Brinckle's battery played unceasingly upon the rebel lines, which, however, returned but little fire until pressed by our infantry. The contest was then very severe. The Confederate Marine Battalion fought with peculiar obstinacy, and our lines, somewhat disordered by crossing the creek, were repulsed in the first onset. But the valor of the commanding officers brought them again to the attack, and Truex's brigade somewhat overlapping the enemy's line, and wheeling to the left, delivered so severe an enfilading fire as soon made resistance impossible.

Lieutenant-General Ewell sent Major Pegram of his staff, with a flag to surrender his forces to this brigade. The commander of the Marine Battalion surrendered to Brevet Brigadier-General Keifer, whose command captured also two battle-flags.

The magnificent behavior of the troops deserves the highest commendation. Brevet Brigadier-General Keifer and Colonel Truex, the brigade commanders, again displayed the highest soldierly qualities, and by their promptness and skill contributed greatly to the success of the day. Bvt. Major A. J. Smith, my acting assistant adjutant-general, was severely wounded while gallantly performing his duties as a staff officer, and to him and the members of the division staff I am indebted for able and energetic assistance. The brigade commanders have in their reports handsomely mentioned many whose services cannot be sufficiently well acknowledge in this report. Lieutenant Brinckle, commanding Battery E, Fifth U. S. Artillery, and Lieutenant C. H. Carroll deserve honorable mention for the efficiency of the artillery under their command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. SEYMOUR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major C. H. WHITTELSEY

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixth Corps.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,April 3, 1865.

Major C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixth Army Corps:

MAJOR: In compliance with orders from Sixth Corps headquarters of this date, I have the honor to forward four battle-flags. The following are the names of the captors; Corpl. F. M. McMillen, Company C, and Private Isaac James, Company H, One hundred and tenth Ohio Volunteers; Private Milton Blickensderfer, Company E, One hundred

