
ing on about half a mile, we met the Twenty-fourth Corps, when a halt was ordered. At this point I was directed the countermarch my brigade and proceed in the direction of Petersburg, at the Brick Chimneys in front of Petersburg, and on the extreme left of the Ninth Corps. We remained until 4 p.m., when I was ordered to move my brigade and occupy a line which in the morning had been occupied by the enemy's pickets. Earth-works were thrown up, a picket-line established, and the troops bivouacked for the night.

The results of the day's operations may be summed up as follows:--- prisoners, 14 cannon.

A list of casualties has been forwarded.

I have every reason to be proud of the regiments composing my brigade-the Tenth Vermont Volunteers, One hundred and sixth New York Volunteers, Fourteenth New Jersey Volunteers, One hundred and fifty-first New York Volunteers, and Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers-and the coolness, judgment, and gallantry of their commanding officers, Lieutenant Colonel George B. Damon, Lieutenant Colonel A. W. Briggs, Lieutenant Colonel J. J. Janeway, Lieutenant Colonel Charles Bogardus, and Captain James Tearney.

My thanks are also due to the field and line officers for the efficient manner in which they discharged their duties during the eventful day.

I also mention with pleasure the members of my staff, who were throughout the whole day conspicuous for prompt action, courage, and personal exposure: Captain and Bvt. Major Charles H. Leonard, assistant adjutant-general; Captain and Bvt. Major H. W. Day, brigade inspector; Captain and Bvt. Major Charles M. Bartruff, acting aide-de-camp; Captain Benjamin F. Miller, acting aide-de-camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. TRUEX,

Colonel, Commanding.

Bvt. Major O. V. TRACY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., SIXTH ARMY CORPS,April 15, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of my brigade from the 3rd of April to the 14th of April inclusive:

At daylight April 3 I was informed by an officer from division headquarters that Petersburg was evacuated by the enemy and that the pickets of the Twenty-fourth Corps (colored troops) had advanced into the city. My brigade was ordered to hold itself in readiness to move at a moment's notice. At 8 a.m. we broke camp, returned to our former camp for the knapsacks of the men, and then followed the road known as the River road to the south of Petersburg, and at about 6 p.m. bivouacked for the night near Sutherland's Station, on the South Side Railroad. April 4, marched out at 5 a.m. following the River road. The roads were in a terrible condition; about 9 p.m. we went into camp near----, the men very much exhausted. April 5, moved out of camp at 4.30 a.m. and proceeded in the direction of Jetersville. At 12 m. moved in the direction of Amelia Court-House, and at 7 p.m. went into camp for the night in two lines on the right of the Second Brigade, and entrenched our position. April 6, moved out at 6 a.m. by the right of regiments to the front, guiding our movements by Gen-

