
der. He immediately rode to the right and into the field, and met Major Pegram, inspector-general of General Ewell's staff, who said he surrendered Lieutenant-General Ewell and staff, and was ordered to come in for that purpose with a flag of truce.

Up to this moment the firing on our left was kept up by our troops, but on word being passed down the line it ceased immediately.

H. W. DAY,

Brigade Inspector.

CHAS. H. LEONARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Bvt. Major O. V. TRACY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.

Numbers 134. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Jacob J. Janeway, Fourteenth New Jersey Infantry.
HDQRS. FOURTEENTH Regiment NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,April 10, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report, in compliance with circular dated headquarters First Brigade, Third Division, Sixth Army Corps, April 10, 1865, of the operations of my command from April 2 to 9, inclusive:

At 12 p.m. April 1 moved out and formed line in rear of the pickets of our division being the right regiment of the second line, One hundred and fifty-first New York being the left, seventy-five paces in the rear of the first line. We had been formed but a short time before the rebel pickets commenced firing, which caused some confusion at first. As soon as the firing slackened the line was all right again and remained so. About 4 a.m. the order being given to advance, the rear line commenced passing over my regiment. Brevet Major Bailey was in command of the left wing, while I the right. I was to wait until I saw the left move before I ordered the right wing forward, but as the rear line passed over my regiment, seeing some of the men moving forward on the left, I gave the order to forward. It being dark and all the lines moving about the same time the men soon got mixed up in passing over the ground to the rebel works. The greater portion of my command went into the fort near the unpainted barn outside of the enemy's works. From this fort we went to the next and then to the third. Here my regimental colors were the first to be planted on the fort, and men from the regiment the first to enter under a heavy fire. Our brigade was not able to drive the rebels from this fort, although we held a part of it for some time and had possession of their artillery, but not enough men would come up, so we were obliged to fall back to the next fort. Here we remained until batteries came up, then formed line and charged. This time my colors were the second ones in the fort. From here we participated with the movements of the brigade in advancing to near Hatcher's Run along the rebel breast-works, then marched back and formed line along the First Division picket-line, entrenched, and remained for the night.

April 3, left at 8 a.m. marched back to camp; the men got thir knapsacks and marched until sunset on the Burkeville road; halted for the night in columns, battalions in mass. April 4, left at 5.20 a.m.

