
The regiment, leading the brigade, marched on road to Jetersville, and halted for the night at 9 p.m. in columns, battalions closed in mass. April 5, left at 3.30 a.m. marched to near Jetersville on the Danville railroad; formed line, and relieved the cavalry in second line of battle. april 6, advanced by the right of battalions to the front for about three miles; found the enemy had retreated and formed single line, and made a forced march until 4 p.m., and came up to our cavalry fighting at Sailor's Creek. Our division was formed in columns-battalions. My regiment, being next to the rear, advanced, driving the rebels from their earth-works, wheeled to the left and guided upon the road and continued to advance about a mile. The brigade was formed in three lines; my regiment was in the second line on the right, One hundred and fifty-first New York on the left. Here we halted while our batteries shelled the enemy and advanced across Sailor's Creek, when our brigade was formed in two lines, Tenth Vermont on my right. After remaining a short time wheeled to the left, when the battle ceased by the whole force surrendering. Marched a short distance to the left; halted for the night in line of battle. April 7, left at 9 a.m. and halted for the night at Farmville, on the Richmond and Lynchburg Railroad. April 8 left at 8 a.m., my regiment leading the brigade, and halted for the night at New Store at 8 p.m. April 9, left at 6.15 a.m., marched until 1.30 p.m.; halted in a field, and here received the glorious news of the surrender of General Lee's whole army.

Casualties: Two men killed, 1 officer wounded, and 22 men wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. JANEWAY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Bvt. Major CHARLES H. LEONARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 135. Reports of Colonel Andrew N. McDonald, One hundred and sixth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 106TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEER INFTY.,April 9, 1865

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the One hundred and sixth Regiment New York Volunteer Infantry left its camp on the morning of the 2nd of April, 1865, and with the rest of the brigade participated in the assault upon the enemy's lines. This regiment, with the Tenth Vermont Volunteer Infantry, formed the first line of battle for the brigade and were the first to enter the enemy's lines, assisting to capture about fifteen guns and a large number of prisoners. After the main line of the enemy had been carried the regiment was reformed and wheeled to the left, advancing up the line of works, taking several batteries. The regimental colors were the first to be planted on the second battery taken from the enemy.

The loss in this regiment during the engagement was 9 enlisted men killed and 33 wounded.

The regiment participated in all the movements of the day, building a line of breast-works in front of the town of Petersburg at night.

