
In the operations of the day this regiment was commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Briggs, who was ably assisted by Major E. M. Paine, and I would most respectfully request that these officers be recommended for their gallantry and the manner in which they accomplished the duty assigned them. The line officers, without exception, were active and efficient during the entire operations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. N. McDONALD

Colonel, Commanding.

Bvt. Major CHARLES H. LEONARD,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Third Div., Sixth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS 106TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,April 10, 1865

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this regiment since the morning of the 3rd of April until the evening of the 9th of April, 1865:

Leaving the strong lines of works, which we threw up before the city of Petersburg on the night of the 2nd, we commenced on the morning of the 3rd a series of rapid and fatiguing marches, taking a westerly direction and following closely on the heels of the demoralized and retreating rebels. Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday wore away with no incidents of special importance and no battles. Thursday, about 4 p.m., we came suddenly upon the enemy, when, the brigade breaking into a column of regiments, we commenced one of the finest and most successful charges in which it was ever our lot to participate. My regiment was the third line, and gallantly and steadily did it move forward, forgetting all the pains of blistered feet and cramped and stiffened limbs in the excitement of the coming contest. The enemy opened a brisk and heavy fire; still we pressed on, driving them rapidly back for nearly a mile and a half. Here the enemy, taking advantage of a strong position on the opposite side of Sailor's Creek, made a desperate stand to prevent the capture of their trains. My regiment was now placed in the first line of battle, and, moving rapidly forward, we commenced crossing the creek under a galling musketry fire from the enemy. The ground on both sides of the creek was very soft and marshy, the men frequently sinking to their hips in its miry depths. Here we had 11 men wounded, but one killed. Moving rapidly around to the right after crossing, we were soon on the enemy's left flank, when we were stopped in our gallant advance by the surrender of the enemy.

The conduct of both the officers and men of this regiment was highly meritorious. Early Friday morning we again resumed the pursuit, marching through the village of Farmville, where we camped for the marching through the village of Farmville, where we camped for the night. Saturday the pursuit was kept up, and Sunday till about 2 p.m. when we halted near Clover Hill, and here received the glorious intelligence that Lee had surrendered his whole army. This regiment still remains encamped near Clover Hill.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. N. McDONALD,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

[Major CHARLES H. LEONARD

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Third Div., Sixth Army Corps.]

