
Numbers 136. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles Bogardus, One hundred and fifty-first New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 151ST NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,April 10, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that this regiment was formed for a charge on the rebel works in front of Fort Fisher on Sunday morning [April 2] at a quarter to 4 o'clock in the second line, with the Fourteenth Regiment New Jersey Volunteers on our right. At 4.20 o'clock we started on the charge. We captured the picket-line in our front and passed into a rebel fort, capturing two of the six pieces of artillery and two caissons in the fort. We wheeled to the left, passing down the line of works, driving everything before us until we came to a fort, capturing one more piece of artillery and one more caisson, where the rebels rallied and rove us back across a swamp to the next fort and reopened the two pieces of artillery on us. We held the line across the swamp over an hour until nearly 7 o'clock, when the line was reformed and we advanced, driving the rebels from the last fort at which they made a stand. We were then halted about an hour and marched back to the front of Fort Fisher and toward night we formed line in front of Fort Keene and threw up a line of breast-works. Monday morning we were informed of the evacuation of Petersburg and marched west, crossing the South Side Railroad and taking the road between the railroad and the Appomattox River, halting for the night ten miles from Petersburg. Tuesday, April 4, commenced marching at 5 a.m., marching very slowly during the forenoon and quite fast during the afternoon, going into camp at 9 p.m. Wednesday, April 5, commenced marching at 4 a.m., halted at 8 a.m. until 11.30, and then marched fast until 8 p.m., when we formed line near the Danville railroad between Amelia Court-House and Burkeville, throwing up earth-works.

Thursday, April 6, we advanced by the right of the regiment to the front at 7 a.m. in the direction of Amelia Court-House; we did not find any enemy and returned to the line of works at 12 m. We then started to join Sheridan at Sailor's Creek, and did so at about 4 p.m. and immediately charged the enemy in our front, driving him at every point until he was forced to surrender. In this engagement our losses were 2 killed and 4 wounded.

Friday, April 7, commenced marching at 8.30 a.m. and halted at Farmville at 3 p.m. At 8 p.m. we crossed the Appomattox River and camped for the night.

Saturday, April 8, commenced marching at 8.15 a.m; marched about two miles, halted until afternoon, when we marched through Buckingham Institute, passed Willis Mountain, and camped at 9 p.m. at New Store.

Sunday, April 9, broke camp at 7 a.m. and marched on the road toward Appomattox Court-House, halting two hours in the forenoon an camping at 3 p.m. twelve miles from New Store, where we have remained since.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. BOGARDUS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

