
February 11.-Changed camp to Colonel Wyatt's plantation, south of Church road, our loft resting on Halifax road.

March 29.-In pursuance of previous orders, broke camp on Halifax road, reaching point near Boydton plank road about 1 p. m., where General Griffin had already engaged the enemy. Went into line on General Ayres' left. the One hundred and forty-seventh New York Volunteers, Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Dailey, and Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers (consolidated), Major Laycock, having entered the line, immediately advanced, engaging enemy's skirmishers, driving them across the plank road, which road was permanently held at this point by brigade, and further, being first occupation of that road. After several changes of position, division massed for night where plank road was first struck, Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Dailey, One hundred and forty-seventh New York, picketing front at the Butler house.

March 30.-Remained without important change in same position, making several lines of works, finally adopting and erecting works on line of plank road, and right connecting with General Griffin, with reserve at Butler's burnt house.

March 31.-Marched to Dabney's house, on Gravelly Run and near White Oak road. General	Griffin, with reserve at Butler's burnt house.

March 31.-Marched to Dabney's house, on Gravelly Run and near White Oak road. General Ayers' division (one brigade) went into line about three-quarters of a mile from White Oak road. By order from division headquarters reported to General Ayers, and was shown position to be occupied by brigade short distance in rear of Second Division line. While going into position (right by file) preceding line had advanced and engaged the enemy, and before this brigade was or could be properly in position first line was returning, pressed by the enemy. About same time, of four battalions in position, three of the commanders (Lieutenant-Colonel Dailey, One hundred and forty-seventh New York Volunteers and Major Fish, Ninety-fourth New York Volunteers) had been wounded. The enemy had also concentrated a fire on left flank. These causes, with the retiring of Second Division, compelled the falling back of this brigade; after several temporary intermediate formations of line, secured position on ridge occupied by First Division; here bivouacked for night.

April 1.-Marched from point near Boydton plank road, reaching Gravelly Run Church at 3 p.m ., where line was formed. At 3.30 p. m. advanced, crossing White Oak road; continued advance without halting; enemy's works were soon crossed, and all resistance having ceased, division then returned to Gravelly Run Chruch, on White Oak road, and bivouacked for night.

April 2.-Crossed Hatcher's Run, following Chruch road to South Side Railroad. Followed railroad to crossing of Cox road, and from that point marched to forks of Namozine and River roads. Again moved along Namozine road, crossing Chandler's Run, to junction of Church, or Ford, and Namozine road; very late bivouacked for night.

April 3 to 9.-Brigade was not again actively engaged, duties being confined to a series of long and tedious marches over miserable roads, along which was found abundant evidence of rapid and fatiguing retreat of enemy.

April 9.-Reached Appomattox Court-House 8.30 a. m. Further movements were now arrested by reception of flag of truce, which eventuated in the capitulation, some day, of Army of Northern Virginia (rebel), General Lee, to Lieutenant-General Grant.

