
Numbers 137. Report of Captain James Tearney, Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. BATTALION EIGHTY-SEVENTH PENNSYLVANIA

April 9, 1865

MAJOR: In compliance with circular of this date, I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of this command in the assault on the enemy's works on the left of Petersburg, Va., on the morning of April 2, 1865;

Left camp about 11 p.m. 1st instant and marched to the picket-line in front of Fort Welch, where the Third Division was massed, this command being in the third line of First Brigade. At about 4.30 a.m the following day the order to charge was given when the command moved forward and the enemy's line of works and forts was carried and held, driving the enemy before them and capturing a large number of prisoners and several cannon.

The following is the list of casualties: 2 commissioned officers and 6 enlisted men killed, 3 commissioned officers and 22 enlisted men wounded, and 5 enlisted men missing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JAMES TEARNEY,

Captain, Commanding Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania.

Bvt. Major CHARLES H. LEONARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 138. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George B. Damon, Tenth Vermont Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH VERMONT INFANTRY,Camp near Appomattox Court-House, Va., April 10, 1865.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders received to-day, I have the honor to forward the following report of the recent operations of my command:

At midnight on the 1st instant this regiment was moved with the brigade from camp, and was formed to attack the rebel works. The regiment occupied the right of the first line, having two lines in the rear, the brigade being formed in the immediate rear of our picket-line and in front of Fort Welch. While lying upon this ground a severe fire was received from the picket of the enemy, which caused several casualties.

At 4 a.m. of the 2nd instant we advanced to assault, crossing the rebel picket-line, and the uneven ground beyond to the abatis before the rebel entrenchments. The regiment moved rapidly but with steadiness under fire of artillery and musketry. The line was necessarily considerably broken in penetrating the abatis, and a portion of it became wholly disconnected from the command and was not recovered until near the close of the morning's operations. We immediately mounted and entered the works over the most accessible passages, being the first to enter the entrenchments on our own front, and taking a number of prisoners, who were sent to the rear without guard, because I thought it imprudent to spare any men for that pur-

