
bearer, who placed his colors within the enemy's works first on our own front, and who throughout the day combined dash with coolness and steadiness in a remarkable degree.

A tabular statement of casualties on the 2nd instant is appended.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE B. DAMON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Bvt. Major C. H. LEONARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 130. Reports of Bvt. General J. Warren Keifer, One hundred and tenth Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS

Camp at Burkeville, Va., April 14, 1865

MAJOR: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to report the operations of this brigade on the 2nd instant in the assault upon the enemy's works and in the engagement in front of Petersburg, Va.

Previous to the 2nd instant my command, with the exception of the One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, occupied the line of works from Fort Fisher to Fort Gregg, inclusive of the forts named, and also Fort Welch, which was about the center of the brigade. The One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania occupied Fort Dushane on the rear line, near the Weldon railroad. The brigade was formed for the assault to the front and left of Fort Welch about 3 a.m., in three lines of battle, with its right resting at an almost impassable swamp and ravine, which separated its right from the left of the Second Division, Sixth Army Corps. The First Brigade of the Third Division was formed upon the left of my brigade. The brigade was formed just in rear of the old entrenched picket-line of the enemy which had been taken from him on the 25th ultimo. Much difficulty was experienced in getting the troops formed, in consequence of the deep darkness and the deep swamp to be passed through, and also from a severe and annoying fire from the enemy. A number of men were killed and a number of officers and men were wounded during the formation of the troops, notwithstanding the troops preserved good order and remained cool and steady. The One hundred and tenth and One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio and Sixth Maryland Regiments were formed in the front line, from right to left, in the order named; the Ninth New York Heavy Artillery constituted the second line; and the One hundred and twenty-second Ohio One hundred and thirty-eighth and Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania Regiments were formed in the rear line, from right to left, in the order named.

The signal to assault the enemy's works was given, by direction of Major-General Wright at precisely 4 a.m., by discharging a piece of artillery at Fort Fisher. Immediately after the signal was given the troops in the front line moved forward upon the enemy's outer works, which was held by a strong line of pickets, and captured them, and without halting or discharging a piece, although receiving a heavy fire from the enemy, the whole command moved upon the enemy's main

---------------

*Shows 2 enlisted men killed and 2 officers and 44 enlisted men wounded.

---------------

