
works. Not even a temporary check transpired in passing through and over the double line of abatis, ditch, and strong earth-works. A hand-to-hand fight ensued within the main works, in which many gallant officers and men fell killed and wounded. The enemy in our front was soon killed, and wounded, captured, or dispersed. Although the enemy had a large amount of artillery in the works in our front, we suffered but little from it. The whole of his artillery in our front fell into our hands immediately upon entering the works. This brigade assaulted the enemy's works just to the left (the enemy's right) of a salient angle in the enemy's line of works. After gaining an entrance within the works the enemy were still firing over the works to our right and upon the First and Second Divisions of the Sixth Army Corps, but in a few moments he was driven from his entire line of works in front of the corps. This brigade captured 10 pieces of artillery immediately after entering the works, for which it received receipts; also a large number of prisoners, 3 battle-flags and Major General Heth's division headquarters' flag. The troops of the brigade were in some confusion after entering the works but the main body was at once directed along the enemy's fortifications to the left and upon a strong for containing four pieces of artillery, which was soon captured. Although a number of troops of the division were hurried to this fort, yet when attacked by the enemy owing to their unorganized condition, the troops were driven back and the fort taken. At this juncture I directed Major William Wood and Brevet Major Lamoreaux, Ninth New York Heavy Artillery, to place in position a four-gun battery, captured from the enemy, which they were prompt in doing, and fired the guns with good effect.

A portion of the One hundred and twenty-second Ohio and One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Regiments, after passing over the works, continued directly forward across the Boydton plank road to a camp of the enemy some distance in the rear of the fortifications, where they captured a large number of prisoners. Some of the troops continued as far to the northward as the South Side Railroad and destroyed the telegraph line and tore up two rails on the South Side road. Upon their return Corpl. John W. Mauk and Private Daniel Wolford, Company F, One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, became separated from the other troops. Two mounted men with pistols in their hands rode upon them and demanded their surrender, which was refused. The mounted men told them that other troops were coming upon them. The corporal and private deliberately fired upon the mounted men, the corporal killing one of them, the other escaped. The corporal and his comrade, fearing that others of the enemy were near at hand, retreated to the main body of the troops. From the manner in which it is known that Lieutenant General A. P. Hill was killed, there can be no doubt but what Corporal Mauk killed him. One of General Hill's staff officers who was near him when he was shot, locates the place of his death at the same place the corporal related that he had shot an officer, before the death of General Hill was known by him.

The main body of the troops of the brigade soon retook the fort from which they had been driven, and with the other troops of the division, swept along the enemy's fortifications to the left as far as Hatcher's Run, and small parties of the brigade, with the brigade sharpshooters, crossed it and captured a large number of prisoners.

Twelve pieces of artillery were captured during this movement to the left by the troops of the Third Division. Captain William L. Shaw, with a small party of men, captured a four-gun battery and over fifty pris-

63 R R-VOL XLVI, PT I

