
oners near Hatcher's Run. The prisoners were brought away and the guns were turned over to Brevet Brigadier-General Harris' brigade, in the Twenty-fourth Army Corps.

As the prisoners were all hastened to the rear, I am unable to approximate to the number captured by this brigade.

From Hatcher's Run the troops were hastened back to the place where the attack was first made, from whence the division was sent to the right and formed, fronting Petersburg, and upon the left and in support of the Ninth Army Corps.

Particular mention has already been made of the gallantry of officers, but it is due to Colonel M. R. McClennan, One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania;Lieutenant Colonel Charles M. Cornyn, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio; Lieutenant Colonel James W. Snyder Ninth New York Heavy Artillery; Major Clifton K. Prentiss, Sixth Maryland Volunteers; Majs. William and Anson S. Wood, Bvt. Major S. B. Lamoreaux, Ninth New York Heavy Artillery, that their most brilliant services should be acknowledged here. Majors Wood and Lamoreaux, with men of the Ninth New York Heavy Artillery, were the first to turn and fire the enemy's guns upon him. Major Prentiss, Sixth Maryland, with a large portion of his regiment, was the first to penetrate the enemy's works, where, after a most bloody struggle, he fell severely, if not mortally, wounded. Five other officers of the Sixth Maryland were wounded very soon after entering the fortifications. Too much praise cannot be given the officers and men of this regiment.

So nearly at the same time were the colors of the One hundred and tenth Ohio, Ninth New York Heavy Artillery, Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania, and Sixth Maryland placed upon the enemy's works that each claims the honor of being the first.

Captain William D. Shellenberger, One hundred and tenth Ohio, received a severe wound in the arm while advancing upon the enemy's works. Captain H. H. Stevens, One hundred and tenth Ohio Volunteers, was shot dead after entering the fortifications.

Capts. George P. Boyer, One hundred and tenth Ohio, J. W. Moffatt and C. E. Patterson, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio, J. J. Bradshaw, Sixth Maryland, and Charles J. Gibson, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio, are among the many who specially distinguished themselves on that day.

Sergt. Francis M. McMillen, Company C, and Private Isaac James, Company H, One hundred and tenth Ohio, and Private Milton Blickensderfer, Company E, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio, each captured battle-flags. Private George Loyd, Company A, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio, captured Major-General Heth's division headquarters' flag. Sergt. Judah Taylor, Company A, Ninth New York Heavy Artillery, is reported by his regimental commander as having captured a battle-flag, which he gave up to two officers whose names are not known to him.

The names of many other enlisted men might in justice to them be mentioned. They have already been named in a separate report.

Captain William L. Shaw, acting assistant adjutant-general of this brigade, and other members of the brigade staff deserve special mention for their good conduct. Captain Harrison D. Yarmett, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Volunteers, who commanded the brigade sharpshooters, was particularly efficient and active. He showed superior skill and judgment.

