
Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers. - Corpl. John Keough, Company E, for gallantry in capturing the colors of the Fiftieth Georgia Regiment. Sergts. Horace P. Warfield, Company C, John Larimer, Company H, William A. Rager, Company E, William R. Black, Company G, and William Keller, Company E, are reported by their regimental commanders as having distinguished themselves by their bravery and good conduct in keeping up the men in the battle of Sailor's Creek, Va.

One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Volunteers. - Sergt. Major H. S. Moses greatly distinguished himself for valuable services in leading the men to the assault and urging them forward after a temporary repulse from a captured fort, on the 2nd of April, 1865.

Sergt. B. McFarland, commanding Company D, greatly distinguished himself for his coolness and bravery and the vigor with which he led his company to the assault.

First Sergt. Alfred Zartman, commanding Company K, after entering the works pursued some flying rebels and succeeded in capturing a colonel and about one dozen others, whom he sent to the rear.

Sergt. John J. Keiser, Company E, who was one of the first to enter the works on the 2nd instant, and was foremost in the pursuit of the enemy. He captured an officer and a number of men.

Sergt. Francis Cordry, Company E, was conspicuous throughout the whole engagement of the 2nd instant for coolness and bravery, and persevering efforts to urge the men forward.

Color-bearers, Sergt. Samuel Gearing, Company I, and Sergt. Philip Kline, Company G, behaved with gallantry during the engagement of the 2nd instant, and were among the first to plant the colors on the enemy's fortifications.

The above-named enlisted men of the One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio were omitted from a former report, in consequence of my inability to obtain reports from the regimental commander on account of his absence.

One hundred and tenth Ohio Volunteers. - Private Marcus Bodmer, Company D, One hundred and tenth Ohio Volunteers, has been just reported by the commanding officer of his regiment as being worthy of reward of meritorious conduct in the assault onn the 2nd instant, for the following reasons, viz: "In the assault, just as he entered the enemy's works, he captured a rebel flag, but being in hot pursuit of the enemy, and thinking the flag of but little value, whole important work was going on threw it aside, it only a 'rebel rag,' and continued in pursuit of the enemy, of whom it is believed he shot three."

Privates Richard Netz, Company F, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio, Lewis H. Shreeve, Company A, Sixth Maryland, Oliver F. Plank, Company B, and George W. Ickes, Company D, One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, mounted orderlies at my headquarters, were each distinguished for gallantry in the battles of the 2nd and 6th instant. They have shown superior gallantry on former occasions. Richard Netz, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio, carried the brigade colors at the head of the troops in the attack at Sailor's Creek, on the 6th instant. I take great pleasure in recommending each for rewards.

I am, major, with high esteem, your obedient and humble servant,

J. WARREN KEIFER,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

Bvt. Major O. V. TRACY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Sixth Army Corps.

