HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., SIXTH ARMY CORPS,Camp at Burkeville, Va., April 18, 1865.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders, I have the honor to forward a report of movements and operations of this brigade from the 3rd to the 13th of April, 1865, inclusive:

After the movements and operations of the 2nd instant the brigade bivouacked for the night in front of Petersburg, Va. Early on the morning of the 3rd it was ascertained that Petersburg was evacuated on the night previous by the rebel army and reports were received, which proved to be true, that Richmond, the rebel capital, was also evacuated on the same night. About 9 a.m. on the 3rd this brigade, with the division and corps, commenced the pursuit of the enemy by the road in the direction of Burkeville Junction, Va. The pursuit was continued on the 4th and 5th. Just after dark of the 5th instant the brigade went into position on the left of the corps, in two lines, near Jetersville, Va., facing Amelia Court-House, its left connecting with the Fifth Army Corps. The front line threw up slight earth-works.

Early upon the morning of the 6th instant the brigade, with the corps, advanced toward Amelia Court-House, in the vicinity of which it was known that the rebel Army of Northern Virginia had been concentrated. The troops moved forward about three miles, when information was obtained that the rebel army had withdrawn and was then moving around the left flank of our army and in the direction of Burkeville Junction. The troops were marched back by the way of Jetersville and moved upon a road which enabled the corps to strike the enemy in flank. The corps came up with General Sheridan's cavalry about 3 p.m. of the 6th instant. This brigade was in the advance of the corps; the brigade sharpshooters and the One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Regiment were rapidly deployed as skirmishers, and the other regiments formed in two lines in their rear. Without delay or scarcely a halt for the formation the whole brigade was pushed forward ad directed by Major-General Wright through Brigadier-General Seymour. During the movement I caused two companies of the One hundred and tenth Ohio to deploy to the right to protect the flank. The enemy was moving troops and trains upon a road which extended parallel to our then front. A short distance from the road upon which the enemy was marching a brisk skirmish ensued between my advance and troops of the enemy, but the road was soon gained, and a considerable number of prisoners and wagons captured. The brigade struck the main road upon which the enemy was moving at the junction of a road which led off to the right and at right angles with it. The greater part of the skirmish line-One hundred and tenth Ohio and Ninth New York Heavy Artillery-was ordered to pursue a body of the enemy which had retreated on that road. The enemy also had a section of artillery upon that road, from which they fired shell and canister shot, but without producing much damage. The troops in pursuit soon compelled the artillery to withdraw from its first position to a second. Although the troops had performed a march of over eighteen miles they eagerly pressed forward and were in the act of making a second charge upon the artillery when orders were received purporting to come from Major-General Sheridan to halt and allow the cavalry charge was not made. The section of artillery was very son withdrawn, but it is believed that it was subsequently captured. The Sixth Maryland, Sixty-seventh and One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Regiments were reformed in line across the main road upon which the enemy had been moving, and at once commenced his pursuit. The

