
Majs. Anson S. Wood, S. B. Lamoreaux, and Capts. George W. Brinkerhoff, Henry J. Rhodes, and Chauncey Fish, Ninth New York Heavy Artillery; and Capts. George P. Boyer, One hundred and tenth Ohio, Charles J. Gibson,and Moses D. Wheeler One hundred and twenty-second Ohio, John J. Bradshaw, John G. Simpers, and Charles A. Damuth, Sixth Maryland, and Simon Dickerhood, One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Regiments, are among the many who did their duty nobly.

Captain Harrison, D. Yarmett, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio, commanding brigade sharpshooters, handled his men as skirmishers with great skill and success.

Captain William L. Shaw, One hundred and tenth Ohio, acting assistant-adjutant-general of brigade; Captain J. P. Dudrow, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio; Captain William H. Abercrombie, Sixth Maryland and Second Lieutenant R. W. Cook, One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania acting aides-de-camp; and Captain J. W. Jewhurst, Ninth New York Heavy Artillery, serving upon brigade staff-were particularly active, efficient, and brave. Captain T. J. Hoskinson, commissary of subsistence of the brigade, was conspicuous for gallantry upon the field.

Privates Richard Netz, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio, and George, W. Ickes, One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania mounted orderlies accompanies me with the advance of the troops in the field attack, the former carrying the brigade flag. Their most commendable conduct should not be forgotten.

The troops were moved from the scene of the battle after dark toward Rice's Station, and bivouacked for the night about two miles and a half from the battle-ground and about three miles from Rice's Station. The remnant of the rebel army retreated, via Farmville, across the Appomattox River toward Appomattox Court-House, Va., and was closely pursued. This brigade, with the division and corps, crossed the river at Farmville about 10 p.m. of the 7th, and bivouacked for the night.

The enemy was closely followed on the 8th and 9th of April until about 2 p.m. of the 9th instant, when the troops halted about six miles from Appomattox Court-House, and were soon after informed that General R. E. Lee had surrender the Army of Northern Virginia. The rebel army was then in our immediate front and not to exceed five miles from Appomattox Court-House, Va. The wildest enthusiasm prevailed among the troops upon being informed of the surrender.

Early on the morning of the 11th instant the brigade, with the corps, commenced the march to this place where it arrived on the 13th instant and went into camp.

The One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio, Colonel B. F. Smith commanding, was detached from the brigade on the night of the 5th of April to guard prisoners, and did not rejoin the brigade until April 15, 1865.

Detailed reports of the operations of regiments are herewith transmitted.

My orders were received from and through Brigadier General T. Seymour, commanding division to whom I beg here to tender my thanks for his uniform courtesy to me.

The once defiant rebel Army of Northern Virginia being utterly vanquished, the troops are in the highest possible spirits at the prospect of an early and universal peace in our country.

I am, major, with high esteem, your most obedient and humble servant,

J. WARREN KEIFER,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Bvt. Major O. V. TRACY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Sixth Army Corps.

