
blocked up with wagons, the team horses having been taken away. It was with great difficulty that a column of infantry could get through. It would have been impossible to have taken artillery through. The road was a pike road, but was so much cut up. The wagons were left in the road after the teamsters had taken the horses from them.

Question. If proper precautions had been taken, could or could not the artillery, or a portion of the artillery, have been withdrawn with as little noise as is made by cavalry and infantry in night marches?

Answer. I do not think it could have been taken of the forts without being discovered by the enemy.

Question. On Friday, the 12th of June, could or could not the heavy artillery have been sent from the forts at Winchester to Harper's Ferry?

Answer. I think it could.

Questions. What was the force that attacked General Milroy on the 13th of June, 1863?

Answer. Of that I can only give an opinion. On the Strasburg road, I was satisfied there was a division . On the Front Royal road, I had not the means of judging, but supposed it to be a division, or part of a division. This was on Saturday, the 13th . From the portion of the body I saw on the Strasburg road, and from prisoners taken, I was satisfied it was Johnson's division of Ewell's corps, and from 3, 000 to 5, 000 strong. They advanced in two very heavy lines of battle.

Question. How much ammunition for small-arms was left by your brigade when you left Winchester?

Answer. I am not able to answer. I had standing orders which required every man to have 100 rounds for each arm. I presume 30 or 40 rounds had been expended on Saturday, and 40 rounds taken in the boxes on the retreat. How much more than that I am unable to say.

Question. Did you abandon any ammunition when you left Winchester? Answer. That I cannot positively answer. The ammunition that was not in the boxes of the men was in the hands of the ordnance officer of the post. I drew ordnance and issued it, out I cannot say whether my brigade had any more than was in the boxes of the men.

Question . What was you loss in killed, wounded, and missing (including prisoners), in the Winchester affair? Answer. Without reference to the official reports, I could not state positively-a large number of those reported missing have returned.

