
By this time the troops on our right and left were broken and driven back, and the brigade was exposed to a severe musketry fire from the front and both flanks and an enfilading artillery fire from the rocky hill some distance to the right. No supports coming up, the position was untenable, and we were compelled to retire, leaving more than two-thirds of our bravest and best killed or wounded on the field. For particulars of our loss I refer you to the list of casualties* herewith submitted, and for the part borne by the different regiments to the reports of regimental commanders filed herewith. Where all conducted themselves with gallantry and coolness it would be invidious to specify individuals; but I must be permitted to remark that the whole brigade acted with the utmost steadiness and bravery, and only fell back when its numbers were so small that it could accomplish nothing by remaining. This report would fail in completeness and in the rendition of justice to signal valor and heroic behavior were it omitted to notice particularly the gallant conduct of our brigade commander, General L. A. Armistead. Conspicuous to all, 50 yards in advance of his brigade, waving his hat upon his sword, ha led his men upon the enemy with a steady bearing which inspired all breasts with enthusiasm and courage, and won the admiration of every beholder. Far in advance of all, he led the attack till he scaled the works of the enemy and fell wounded in their hands, but not until he had driven them from their position and seen his colors planted over their fortifications. In consequence of the great loss of field officers, the command of the brigade devolved upon Lieutenant-Colonel White, Fourteenth Virginia, who retained it until his wound rendered him unable to do duty. He was succeeded by Major Cabell, Thirty-eighth Virginia, who retained command until I was sufficiently recovered to assume it.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. R. AYLETT,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major C. PICKETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 13-25, 1863. -Expedition from Fayetteville, W. Va., to Wytheville, Va.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Freeman E. Franklin, commanding Third Brigade, Third Division, Eighth Army Corps, of operations July 13-25, 1863.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., THIRD DIV., EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Camp Piatt, W. VA., July-, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor, most respectfully, to submit the following report of the expedition of the Third Brigade, Third Division, Eighth Army Corps, recently made to Wytheville, Va.: The expedition left Camp Piatt, Brownstown, W. Va., on the 13th of July, at 4 p. m., under command of Colonel John T. Toland, Thirty-fourth Regiment Mounted Ohio Volunteer Infantry. The command consisted of the Thirty-fourth Regiment Mounted Ohio Volunteer

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

