
Infantry, numbering 505 officers and men, under lieut, Colonel F. E. Franklin, and seven companies of the Second West Virginia Volunteer Cavalry, numbering 367 officers and men, under Colonel W. H. Powell. Colonel Toland proceeded, in accordance with your order by telegraph, dated July 12, by way of Raleigh, toward Shady Spring to gain the rear of the enemy. The march was up Lens' Creek to Coal River, and thence up to the marshes, from which point moving toward Raleigh and striking the Wyoming pike, 12 miles from Raleigh Court-House. Colonel Toland proceeded by a path through the woods to the road by way of Spangler's Mill, on the left of the enemy's position, toward Shady Spring. The march was very laborious, being obliged to ford Coal River thirty times. This jaded the horses very much. The head of the column reached a point about three-quarters of a mile from Spangler's Mill at 6. 30 p. m. of Tuesday, July 14, where the advance encountered a small outpost of the enemy's guards, capturing l man with his horse. Proceeding forward a short distance, our advance was fired upon by the grand guard of the enemy, numbering 50 to 60 men, and posted on a rise of ground just across Piney Creek. Colonel Toland sent forward two companies of the Thirty-fourth Regiment as skirmishers, which soon drove the enemy from his position. Our advance lost 2 killed and 3 wounded at this point. The enemy is reported to have lost 9 in killed and wounded. While at this point the communication of General Scammon, of July 14, was received, referring to order sent by Captain Gillmore, and directing Colonel Toland to return to the forks of the Wyoming and Coal roads, and move immediately upon the railroad at Wytheville, Va. The return march was immediately commenced, but, owing to the great darkness of the night and the exceedingly bad condition of the road or path, the column became broken and separated, and part of the command proceeded under Lieutenant-Colonel Franklin to the town of Raleigh Court-House. A part with Colonel Tolland struck the Wyoming pike at a point 5 miles from Raleigh Court-House. This occupied nearly the whole night. The horses had now been under the saddle for thirty-six hours, and had marched a distance of about 65 miles, according to information received from the guides. Lieutenant-Colonel Franklin was immediately ordered out from Raleigh with the forces at that point, and at 10 o'clock the whole command was united at Harper's, 6 miles west of Raleigh, on the Wyoming pike. Here, also, Captain Gillmore, of the First West Virginia Cavalry, with two companies, joined the column, as per your order of the 14th July, with the train containing supplies. From this point commanding officers were ordered to send back to Raleigh all unserviceable horses, and all the men who were unfit to stand the trip. At 1 p. m. Colonel Toland moved forward, having in his command a total force of 818, exclusive of one company of the Second West Virginia as escort to the train. The forces were as follows: Thirty-fourth Mounted Ohio Volunteer Infantry, 441, aggregate; Second West Virginia Cavalry, 298, aggregate; First West Virginia Cavalry, 79, aggregate. At the marshes of Coal the column was halted and supplied with four days' rations for the men and three for the horses. The train

