
ascertaining that the enemy had a force in our front, and the road blockaded, we paroled the prisoners taken at Wytheville, 86 in number, destroyed the artillery captured, and after proceeding a short distance took a mountain path to the right, crossing Queen's Knob, Walker's Mountain, Brushy Mountain, and thus through Hunting Camp, Leaving Stony Gap on our right; thence northwesterly over Wolf Creek and East River Mountains, crossing the Tazewell and Mechanicsburg, the Tazewell and Parisburg, and the Tazewell and East River main roads, or pikes; thence we proceeded across Stone Ridge, Blue Stone River, and Mud Fork Ridge, into the mouth of Abb's Valley, on the Laurel Fork of Blue Stone. Here we halted for the night, having marched about 45 miles during the day. At about 4 p. m. of this day our rear guard was attacked by the eneny's cavalry while on the Tazewell and Parisburg pikes, but without any loss, the rebels being repulsed. Moving forward at 3 a. m. of Monday, the 20th of July, we proceeded to mountain paths across the west end of Great Flat Top Mountain, over Indian Ridge, Pinnacle Ridge, and down Pinnacle Creek; thence across Casey's and Barker's Ridge, and along Pond Mountain, finally crossing Guyandotte and Pond Mountains to the marshes of Coal River, where we struck the Maple Meadow road, ant a distance of 9 miles from Raleigh Court-House, from which point we marched through the town of Raleigh and rested at Francis farm, on the Raleigh and Raytteville road, at 5 p. m. of July 22. Our march had been through a country almost entirely barren of provision and forage, without food for horses or men. Only once after leaving Wytheville had we been able to obtain anything for the men. On the night of the 21st, we obtained four small steers and a small quantity of meal, which served to appease their hunger for a short time. the paths along which we passed presented obstacles almost impassable, being filled with fallen timber and winding over rocky steeps, which are beyond description, and seem almost incredible at the present time, the enemy being upon our rear with a considerable force of cavalry until about noon of the 21st. He had been several times repulsed, and the major in command killed by the rear guard. When attempting a charge upon our rear he was met by a galling fire from Company F, of the Thirty-fourth Regiment, which had been placed in ambush, emptying fifteen saddles at one volley. The major in command of the rebel cavalry having been killed, and the ranks thus thinned by our infantry, the rebel force drew off, and we were not again molested. The whole distance marched from Wytheville to Raleigh by the route pursued is about 140 miles. My reasons for marching my column over the mountains was the fact of all the gaps on the main road through which we must pass being occupied by the enemy and blockaded, and we could not afford the time to contend with the enemy at these points or remove the obstructions. Owing to the lack of forage and the severe labor obliged to be undergone, many horses gave out and were left on the road. I estimate the number roughly at three hundred. Manu of these were replaced by horses captured in Tazewell and Wythe Counties, so that not more than 100 men were dismounted and obliged to march into camp on foot. From Raleigh I sent forward messengers to Fayetteville for supplies of forage and provisions for my famishing command. The next morning a train reached us at daylight bearing supplies. My

