
thanks are due Colonel Duval, of the Ninth West Virginia Infantry, then commanding at Fayetteville, for the energy and promptness he [displayed] in supplying our necessities. From Francis' farm I moved my command to Fayetteville on the 23d. On the 24th we moved to Loup Creek, and the next morning to Camp Piatt, arriving at this point at noon of July 25th. The whole march occupied twelve days, and was ever 400 miles in length. During four days of the time the command was entirely without rations. During all the fatigues and privations not a murmur or complaint was heard from any of the men. With the exception mentioned above in the fight at Wytheville, the whole command acquitted themselves with the greatest credit. I would especially mention Captain Gillmore's command, of First West Virginia Cavalry, who led the charge at Wytheville. They were the most exposed and suffered most severely. Captain Delaney, of Company A, was killed in the first of the engagement while gallantly leading his command at the head of the column. Both his lieutenants were subsequently severely wounded while successively commanding his company, and left on the field. Major Shaw, who took command of the Thirty-fourth Regiment upon Colonel Toland's death, rendered efficient service, and is especially deserving of praise. I would also mention Lieutenant E. W. Clark, jr., acting assistant adjutant-general of the brigade, who was continually at his post at all times, and rendered efficient service upon the field and on the march. Our whole loss in killed, wounded, and missing was as follows:

Thirty-fourth Regiment Mounted Ohio Volunteer Infantry. -

Killed: Colonel John T. Toland; enlisted men, 3. Wounded: Second Lieutenant N. W. Hays; enlisted men, 10. Prisoners, 17. Missing: Captain John Cutler; enlisted men, 9. Aggregate loss: Killed, 4; wounded, 11; prisoners, 17; missing, 10-42.

Second West Virginia Volunteer Cavalry.

Killed: Enlisted men, 3. Wounded: Colonel W. H. Powell (severely), First Lieutenant J. D. Barber (slightly); enlisted men, 4. Missing, 9. Aggregate loss: Killed, 3; wounded, 6; missing, 9-18. Detachment First West Virginia Volunteer Cavalry. -Killed: Captain Dennis Delaney; enlisted men, 3. Wounded: First Lieutenant W. E. Guseman (severely), Second Lieutenant C. H. Livingston (severely); enlisted men, 13. Missing: Enlisted men, 7. Aggregate loss: Killed, 4; wounded, 15; missing, 7-26.

Aggregate loss of entire command.

Killed: Dommissioned officers, 2; enlisted men, 9. Wounded: Commissioned officers, 5; enlisted men, 27. Prisoners. enlisted men. 17. Missing: Commissioned officers, 1; enlisted men, 25. Aggregate, 86.

The loss of Colonel Toland is a severe one, and cannot be replaced. He is mourned by the whole command. It is hoped that Colonel Powell's wound will not prove mortal. Most of our wounded were left at Wytheville, as will be seen by the official report of killed, wounded, and missing, which will be forwarded as soon as practicable. The enemy's loss in killed, wounded, and prisoners cannot, I sam satisfied, fall short of 200, and is probably greater; Captain Oliver, of Oliver's rebel battery, and the major commanding the cavalry battalion, are known to have been killed. Five commissioned officers were captured. I neglected to mention above that some 500 stand of small-arms were captured from the enemy at Wytheville and destroyed.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[F. E. FRANKLIN,]

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

