
Question. When you say that the retreat might have been made on the night of Saturday, do you mean without cutting uour way through the enemy's lines?

Answer. I think it could. I don't know how the enemy was pposted there. The telegraph wires were cut on Saturday evening as General Milroy told me. This was ssome ten or twelve hours afterward.

Question. Did you concur in General Milroy's opinion that it woould be better to hold out through the day on Sunday, with the hope of being relievedd?

Answer. My opinion was not asked. I did not give an opinion untiil called upon in council.

Question. Could the artillery or other harness have been taken off in the retresat without running greater risk than you were willing to run?

Answer. I thing it could have been, but whether it was worth taking off, I do not know.

Question. Did you, in your opinion, observe any want of capacity, diligencee, courage, or other qualifications for a General in General Milroy, before or upon the retreat frrom Winchester?

Answer. I saw no want of courage on the part of General Milroy, In fact, I thought he was too rash sometimes. I thought he pat his force too far from their supports. I saw nothing that would cause me to question his bravery.

Question. What was the plan of retreat agreed upon by the brigade commanders in council on Sundays night, and was that plan ordered to be followed by General Milroy?

Answer. It was agreed upon that we should retreat, and the order of magch on the retreat was designatedd by General Milroy. This plan was carried out by my brigade. I cannot speak of the orhers.

Question. Why was it deemed at the time of the council, on Sunday night, impracticable to maintain a longer defense of Winchester?

Answer. It was agreed upon that we could not hold that place against the concentrated fire of the enemy. Our provision were exhausted. I do not think the enemy would have stormed the place.

Question. Did General Milroy make application for instructions from General Schenck, upon your suggestions?

Answer. I think General Milroy did act upon my suggestions.

Question. What do you mean when you state that General Milroy placed his forces too far from their supports during and previous to the attack?

Answer. I thought the regular battery was too fer out, with too small a force to support it. The result was that the guns were all captured and were not recovered. This was about sundown. Another battery (Captain Alexander's) shelled the enemy afterward, and made it warm for them. (See the explanations made by General Elliott on the twefth day.)The court then adjourned to meet at 12 m. August 19, 1863. Eleventh day. Washington, August 19, 1863. Court met pursuant to adjournment. Present, all the members and the judge-advocate. The proceeding of the previous meeting were read and approved.

