
Question. Was there much confusion and straggling on the retreat?

Answer. I can't say about that; everything went on quietly. There was none in the infantry or cavalry. There was among the teamsters, who dashed in among my men.

Questionn. In your opinion, could you have brought off your guns; would you have attempted it, if you had been allowed?

Answer. I would have attempted it, though the chances were against me. I had only 28 rounds of ammunition per gun. I had before the evacuation 128 rounds, or 28 rounds of ammunition to the gun, two-thirds which was canister, the balance percussion shells. It was left in the fort. I gave an order to my lieutenant for itsdestruction. I was at the end of the column. The enemy's cavalry were only a quarter of an hour behind me.

Question. Could you or not have brought off your battery with as little noise as is made by infantry in night marches?

Answer. That depends very much on the road, sir. You take cavalry on the grass; Ihad, to take the road, and rattle of the chains and the rumble of the wheels would have made a noise on the road. I might have wrapped blankets around the wheels if I had time; it would have taken an hour. In answer to the question, under the circumstances, I answer no.

Question. Could you have rendered any service with your guns in the retreat?

Answer. I think I could. The rebel guners shot miserably. They fired at a line of men at a distance of 800 yards without material damage. Question, In your opinion, could or could not the heavy guns have been sent from Winchester to Harper's Ferry on the 12th, 13th or 14th or June, 1863?

Answer. In my opinion, theyu could on the first two days. I don't know anything about the last day. I think it doubtful then.

By the Court:

Question. Was the condition of the roads such as to prevent the pasage of artillery when you abandoned your battery at Winchester?

Answer. No ; the roads were vwry good. There were no other obstructions but those the enemy made.

Question. What was the distance the enemy appeared to be from you at the time you received the order to a abandon your battery?

Answer. They were on the range of hills to the northwest and south. They seemed to be all around us, in a semicircle. I have no doubt they knew we were going. They had spies all around; still, they had not time to catch up with us.


