
tments, to Harper's Ferry, where I reported to General Tyler, whom I found in command. Generals Milroy and Elliott had halted some 4 miles back, I supposed for refreshments. My trains had been sent to Bunker Hill. I heard that the force that followed me sent a party after my train, but met a warm reception at Bunker Hill from a force under Major Morris. During the fighting, my son, Lieutenant B. f. McReynolds. acting brigade commissary, and Lieutenant [William H. Boyd{jr.], acting brigade quartermaster, or the retrain away and brought it to Martinsburg. It was there during the fight there, and was again brought off safely to Williamsport, Md. thence to Hagerstown, Harrisburg, Philadelphia, baltimore, and back to me at Frederick City. I lost nothing of consequence, and it was an extra ordinary march for a train.

Question. Who was to blame, in you opinion, or the insecurity of ammunition and provisions at Winchester?

Answer. Somebody, certainly. I do not know who was responsible.

Question. In your opinion, could or could not General Milroy have retreated to better advantage on the l2th, l3th, or l4th, than he did on the l5th of June, 1863? answer. The retreat would have been more successful at any time up to Sunday morning, the l4th. We might have moved earlier. I don't think we could have retreated to better advantage after sunday noon.

Question. Could or could not the armament of the forts have been send from Winchester to Harper's Ferry on the l2th, l3th, or l4th of June, 1863?

Answer. I am not able to answer that satisfactorily to myself. With a heavy column they might have been; with a small force they might have been captured. I could have sent heavy guns on friday or Saturday from Berryville, where I was at that time, to Harper's Ferry. I think they could have been brought away on the l3th, or any previous day, that is, with a proper escort.

Question. In your opinion, could or could not General Milroy have brought all or a portion of his ar tililery away on his retreat?

Answer. my impression was, when I made the application to General Milroy, that my battery could have been gotten off. It is questionable whether the others could, because they had to pas on a rocky road, and would have given notice to the enemy in our immediate front of their movement. My impression is, that I could have reached the Martinsburg pike with my battery without giving notice to the enemy. There were two of my teams which ran away a few moments before toward that road, creating a tremendous racket, which did not attract the attention of the rebels. I was looking for an attack every moment afterward. Another difficulty why the other batteries could not have been moved is, that they would have found wagons in the road, which, in my proposed route, I would have avoided.

By the Court:

Question. Do you think that the command of Major- General Milroy could have retreated successfully, with its artillery and baggage trains, by the way of Bjerryville, and thence to Harper's Ferry?

Answer. I think they could not have retreated with their baggage trains, but I think they could have moved off the infantry and artillery, and secured a safe position on the road 5 miles from Winchester, where the pike crosses the Opequon. His is a very strong position naturally. Another position of strength was the work near Berryville, a distance of about 5 miles, and another at Snicker's Gap. l At either of these three points they could have successfully held their own; that is, with ammunition. Form Snicker' Gapit is 20 miles to Harper's Ferry.

Question. Were any wagons allowed to a company the retreat of the troops from Winchester/

Answer. No, sir; it was expressly forbidden. The orders were that nothing on wheels should go.

Question. What was the order of retreat; and when was it made

