
Question. What was the force of the enemy in the attack on monday morning?

Answer. My estimate of their forces was lower than others; it was 6, 000 or 7, 000 There may have been 10 000.

Question. What was the loss by casualties in your brigade on the morning of the l5th of June, 1863,

Answer. I have received no report from any officer commanding any portion of my brigade. I have since that no official relations with my brigade, having been brigade with the cavalry at Harper's Ferry. Some 44 out of 600 or 700 of the Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, and, i think, over 300 out of 500 or 600 of the Sixth Maryland Infantry, reported at Harper's Ferry. The great bulk of missing men arrived at Camp Parole, near Annapolis. I found the Thirteen Pennsylvania Cavalry in quarters at Harper's Ferry when I reached there.

Question. Did the enemy follow from Winchester on your retreat?

Answer. Not that I now of. I saw no movement from the direction of Winchester.

Question. Where did you leave the First New York Cavalry, and what orders did you give last?

Answer. The First New York Cavalry brought up the extreme rear. I placed them there, having no confidence in them. I directed my adjutant to form them on the lift of the pike, out of range of the enemies shells. the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry was formed on the right of the road, in advance of the first New York, one being at the head and the other in the rear of my brigade. I understood that Major - General Milroy gave them some instructions. Major Adams informed me of this. The court then adjourned, to meet at 11 a. m. August 21, 1863. Thirteenth day. august 20, 1863. The court met pursuant to adjournment. Present, all the members and the judge-advocate. The testimony given yesterday by Colonel Mc Reynolds. of the First New York Cavalry, was read over to him, and corrected, and his examination was continued as follows:

By the court:

Question. What other troops of General Milroy's command besides you own brigade did you see at the place where you were attacked, while retreating from Winchester?

Answer. During the attack, I could not distinguish what troops, because I was not sufficiently near. I could not distinguish one regiment from another, except in my own brigade. I was on their land, I should think, 80 rods distant and the light was not very clear. It was very early in the morning. I could not at any time distinguish the movements of one regiment from another from the distance at which I was. I brought up the rear.

Question. Was it Major General Milroy's order that you should be where you were, and that your brigade should be separated from the rest of the command, as you have stated?

Answer. I received no orders what ever from General Milroy tuching my movements. I made such dispositions of my command as I supposed then, and still suppose, were the best.

Question. Who appeared to you to be in command of the troops at that time; that is, who was directing their operations?

Answer. My impression was that it was General Elliott Who was principally in the fight. that was my impression, and, from necessity, General Milroy did not 8 RR- VOL XXXVII, PT II

