
Friday, the 12th of June. Aside from the ordinary equipments of camp life, these are all the stores that I know of. Eighty-eight horses, aside from the 800 team horses, and in addition to the 114 teams sent to Martinsburg, were also taken to Harrisburg. They were on my returns also.

Question. Could or could not all a portion of the public property left at Winchester, have been brought off in the retreat?

Answer. The stores and wagons could not, nor could the artillery . I do not think that any more could have been taken than was taken. At 11 o'clock on Sunday night, when I had unhitched the horses, I withdrew them from the green on to the pike road, and at the time this was being done I saw signal lights in three different directions . Afterward the troops all came out of the forts, and passed out on the pike about half a mile. I saw nothing further until a few minutes after I started my horses ; then I again saw signal lights. I thought at the time that the moving of my horses attracted the enemy's attention.

By the court:

Question. When did your supply train leave Winchester?

Answer. Thursday night, at 11th of June. A part of it was already at Martinsburg, and the rest left at 11 o'clock Thursday night.

Question. Why was this train sent off with stores?

Answer. General Milroy told me about 5 or 6 o'clock on Thursday evening to arrange matters as though I expected to evacuate very soon. He told me that he had a dispatch from General Schenck, asking him how long it would take to him to get ready to move everything and he wanted me to determine the time. I told him I could be ready to move everything from Winchester in six hours. I sent an agent immediately to Martinsburg, with instructions to keep the teams hitched up to the empty wagons, and to keep an employe, or to remain himself at the telegraph office continually . He reported that these orders were obeyed. I could have had all my wagons at Winchester ready to load in six hours.

Question. By whose order were the wagons left at Winchester?

Answer. By order Major-General Milroy.

Question. Could not the artillery have been sent away safely on Thursday night, when you sent off the large portion of your wagons, or even on Friday, when you say Lieutenant Alexander might have sent away his wagons?

Answer. It could, sir; and I think it could on Friday.

Question. As one of the Major-General Milroy, did or did not you know what were Major-General Milroy's instructions with regard to the defense or abandonment of Winchester?

Answer. I think I knew generally. I knew that he received a telegram from Colonel Piatt. I did not know whether or not it was a positive order to evacuate. It was received previous to Thursday, the 11th, I think. I think that the General intended to evacuate, unless further orders came to the contrary. Afterward, I heard in the general's office (can't say it was from him personally), that he had orders from General Schenck, " until furthers orders, to hold Winchester. "

Question. While you were on the retreat, did you receive any orders from General Milroy; if so, what were they?

Answer. I did receive orders on the retreat. About a mile and half from the place of the engagement, the general in person, ordered me to keep my horses well together, and near the cavalry, and well to the front, I think. He gave me as a reason for that order that I might be ready to break through when an opportunity offered. This was before the fight commenced. He also ordered me to stay at the front of my column.

Question. Do you believe the disposition made the public property to have been the best that could have been made under the circumstances?

Answer. I do, sir.

