
Question. How much ammunition for artillery and for small-arms was on hand at Winchester when the retreat was ordered?

Answer. The ammunition for the field batteries was in the hands of their commanders, and I cannot answer for it. At the time the attack was made, I had about 160 rounds of assorted ammunition per gun for the guns in position in the forts, and something over 300, 00 rounds of small-arms ammunition . When the retreat was ordered, the percussion shells were exhausted, and the fuse shells nearly so, as were also the case shot . I suppose about 20 rounds per gun were left altogether. Captain Martin had charge of the howitzers, and I understood from him that their ammunition was nearly exhausted also. I estimate that there was also something over 200, 00 rounds os small-arms ammunition left on hand.

Question. Was any of this ammunition abandoned; if so, how much, and by whose orders was it done?

Answer. It was all abandoned. Captain Martins notified me that our forces were retreating, and that we must get away as soon as possible. I think that he remarked to me that the guns and wagons were being abandoned. Further than that I received no orders. Our forces had gone, and I could do nothing but go, too. This ammunition was left in the magazine, and was not destroyed.

Question. Was as much small ammunition carried off by our troops as was need on their retreat, or as much as they could carry?

Answer. I am not able to say how much they did carry away. I furnished each regiment with all that they asked for.

Question. Do you know anything of the reconnaissance made by Captain Morgan, of the Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, on Sunday, June 14, 1863?

Answer. I do not.

Question. On your way to Harper's ferry from Winchester, what troops did you see of General Milroy's command?Were they marching in good order, and under the control of their officers?

Answer. Previous to the engagement, I saw the whole command . I passed along from the rear nearly to the head of the column. They were marching in good order, and under the control of their officers. When the engagement commenced, I was on the right-hand side of the Martinsburg pike, about 1, 000 yards from the head of the column. Immediately in my rear were team horses, mounted principally by unarmed rides. When the fight commenced, these horses were thrown into confusion and they rushed across the road also. There were a number of infantrymen scattered from their commands, moving also in that direction . As I had no orders, I thought it best to attempt to gather them up, and, for half an hour, or so, I was engaged in collecting them, and forcing them to join the ranks of some regiment. After this I saw a body of men to the left of the road, perhaps amounting to two companies . They belonged to the Fifth Maryland regiment. I halted them and went back to find General Milroy, for orders. He ordered them to be brought back and formed in line of battle. I brought them back to where the line had been formed, and just as we got there, the order had been given to move forward. I saw the Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, the One hundred and tenth, One hundred and twenty-second, and One hundred and twenty-third Ohio Regiments advancing in good order. Those are the only troops I saw after the engagement or in it.

By the court:

Question. Do you know whether the guns of position were spiked or otherwise disabled?

Answer. I did not see them spiked:I understood that they were. I do not know whether they were otherwise disabled or not.

Question. What amount of ammunition were your ordered to keep on hand at winchester?

Answer. Two hundred rounds per gun for artillery, and 140 rounds per man of small-arms ammunition.

