
Question. Was there any supply of reserve ammunition ; and, if so, where was it kept?

Answer. I had none. About one or two weeks previous, a requisition had been made, but none had been received.

Question. Do you know what were Major-General Milroy's instructions, written or oral, with regard to the holding or evacuation of Winchester?

Answer. I do not. The objects of our being there was generally understood to the protection of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and that we were to abandon the place if attacked by a superior force.

Question. Did you accompany Major-General Milroy, after the fight on Monday morning, on the retreat to Harper's Ferry?

Answer I did .

Question. At what time on Monday morning did you leave the scene of the fight ; what road did you take, and who else was with you?

Answer. I left a little after sunrise. I took the Martinsburg pike for about 2 or 3 miles ; then we took a road to the right, leading about in the direction of Charlestown ; then we left this road, turning to the left, and striking in the direction of Harper's Ferry and meeting the pike from Harper; s ferry. I can only give the general direction of our course. General Milroy, Major Cravens, assistant adjutant-general ; Captain Palmer, Lieutenant McCracken, General Elliott, and his adjutant-general, Lieutenant Shaw, and Colonel Keifer, with a portion of his regiment ; Colonel Ball, with his regiment; Lieutenant Dawson, with a portion of his company (K), First Virginia Cavalry; Captain McDonald, commissary of subsistence; Captain Baird, aide-de-camp, and detachments of other regiments.

Question. Did you cut your way through the enemy on Monday or did you turn their position, and thus escape.

Answer. We rather turned their position.

Question. Did you or not ever hear Major-General Milroy express dissatisfaction at having been instructed to abandon Winchester?If so, when did he so express him self?

Answer. I have heard him express some dissatisfaction two or three months to the evacuation. The court then adjourned to meet at 11 a. m. Tuesday, August 25, 1863.

Sixteenth day.

August 25, 1863

The court met pursuant to adjournment. Present, all the members and the judge-advocate. The testimony given yesterday by Colonel Schall and Lieutenant Poore was read over to those officers and corrected. The judge -advocate then informed the court that no witness were in waiting, but that Lieutenant Colonel Donn Piatt and Major J. O. Cravens had been notified to attend. Major Cravens and Captain Powell were then sent for. At 12, 30 o'clock no witness having arrived, the court adjourned to meet at 11 a. m. August 26, 1863

Seventeenth day.

August 26, 1863

The court met pursuant to adjournment. Present, all the members and the judge-advocate. The proceeding of the previous meeting were read and approved. Lieutenant Colonel Donn Piatt, assistant inspector -general ., Eight Army Corps, a witness called by the court was called upon for an explana-

