
After my return to headquarters at Baltimore, General Schenck attempted to telegraph to General Milroy to fall back, but failed, the wires having been cut between Martinsburg and Winchester. I think this was on the 13th, about noon. These are all the orders that I remember of now. I think that there two advisory telegrams, very much like the one here given from the General-in-Chief. to General Schenck, that were received previous to my coming to the department. They are in substance the same as this.

Question. Were any orders than those you have quoted given to General Milroy by General Schenck in reference to his position at Winchester?

Answer. None others that I recollect. I may say, indeed, none others.

Question. Have you the means of knowing how the retreat from Winchester was conducted ; whether or not the public property was suitable cared for, and how many in what condition, General Milroy's command arrived at Harper's Ferry?

Answer. None other than what is shown in the reports and telegrams. I was in Baltimore at that time, and know nothing of my own personal knowledge about it .

By the COURT:

Question. Did General Schenck know that General Milroy's command was in any special danger on or before Saturday, the 13th of june, 1863? If so, at what time did he know it, and what action did he take upon the subjects?

Answer. General Schenck was influenced, as I learned afterward, in his action in reference to my orders, by advises that he received from Brigadier-General Kelley, from Colonel McReynolds, and other officers stationed in or near the Valley, who represented to him that there were no rebels in the Valley other than the forces under Jones and Imboden, and these were represented as moving back "up the Valley, " leaving no force whatever threatening Winchester. He had a very high opinion of General Kelley's knowledge of the country and sources of information, and General Kelley had represented to him, as he had to me on my return from New Creek, that we were, to use his own words, "afflicted with a big scare. " On the 12th of June, 1863, General Schenck telegraphed as follows to the General-in-Chief., viz:

"BALTIMORE, MD., June 12, 1863.

"Major-General HALLECK,

"General-in-Chief.:

"have you any knowledge or belief that there is any rebel infantry in the Valley or north of the Rappahannock, on this side of the Blue Ridge? There seems to me to be yet only parties of cavalry. Kelley's scouts could find no enemy in Loudoun to-day, having gone as far up as Hillsborough.

"ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

"Major-General, Commanding.

" To this he received, June 13, 1863, the following telegram, viz:

"WAR DEPARTMENT, June 13, 1863-11 a. m.

"Major-General SCHENCK;

"our cavalry scouts will probably be in to-day with more reliable information from the Valley.

"H. W. HALLECK,

"General-in-Chief

" On June 14, the following telegram was received from Major-General Halleck:

"WAR DEPARTMENT, June 14, 1863-10. 30 a. m.

"Major-General SCHENCK:

"It is reported that Longstreet's and Ewell's corps have passed trough Culpeper to Sperryville, toward the Valley.

"H. W. HALLECK, "

General-in-Chief "

