
No. 577. - Colonel Williams C. Wickham, Fourth Virginia Cavalry, of engagement at Brandy Station and action at Aldie .

No. 578. - Captain W. B. Newton, Fourth Virginia Cavalry, of action at Aldie .

No. 579. - Colonel Thomas L. Rosser, Fifth Virginia Cavalry, of action at Aldie .

Numbers 580. - Brigadier General W. E. Jones, C. S. Army, commanding brigade .

No. 581. - Major C. E. Flournoy, Sixth Virginia Cavalry .

Numbers 582. - Lieut . Colonel Thomas Marshall, Seventh Virginia Cavalry .

Numbers 583. - Colonel L. L. Lomax, Eleventh Virginia Cavalry .

Numbers 584. - Colonel A. W. Harman, Twelfth Virginia Cavalry, of engagement at Brandy Station .

No. 585. - Lieut . Colonel T. B. Massie, Twelfth Virginia Cavalry .

Numbers 586 . - Lieut Colonel E. V. White, Thirty -fifth Virginia Battalion, of engagement at Brandy Station (June 9) and expedition into Maryland (June 17)

No. 587. - Colonel John R. Chambliss, jr., Commanding brigade, of engagement at Brandy Station .

Numbers 588. - Major R. F. Beckham, C. S. Army, commanding Horse Artillery, of engagement at Brandy Station .

Numbers 589. - The Confederate Roll of Honor .

No. 379. Report of Colonel William F. Raynolds, Additional Aide - de-Camp, U. S. Army, Chief Engineer Eight Army of Corps of operations June 15-27.

Office chief engineer eight Army Corps .

Baltimore, Md., August 11, 1863.

General:I have the honor to submit the following report: On June 15, at 5 p. m. ., I received your verbal order through Captain Thruston, aide -de -camp, to repair at once to Harper's Ferry, in compliance with a request of Brig. General D. Tyler . At 5, 30 o'clock I was at the depot ready to start, and at 11 p. m. I was arrived at Harper's Ferry. Finding that General Tyler In person, and received his verbal order to take charge of the defenses. I was not unprepared for the duty assigned to me, having previously in my capacity of chief engineer of the Eight Army Corps accompanied General Barnard a memorandum of his opinions in regard to the defenses and had also in addition, repeatedly made further examinations of the ground during my inspection of the works that were in progress. I therefore at once set about carrying out previously well-digested plans for the defense of the point . In order the better to explain what was done a short description of the locality, with an account of the defenses previously constructed, becomes necessary. About 2 miles above the mouth of the Shenandoah, the Potomac suddenly changes its course from south to east. In the bend thus formed, stands a knoll, rising about 300 feet above the river. The summit of this knoll was occupied by a redoubt called Fort Duncan, and intended only for infantry . About 250 yards south of Fort Duncan was a battery of six 30 pounder Parrott guns, facing to the south and flanking perfectly the west face of Bolivar Heights . It was, however, of no use to oppose an attack from the north. Maryland

