
not come into action on the morning of the 15th . It did not come up at all . One regiment of it, the Sixth Maryland, I believe, got through almost entire to Harper; s Ferry . The Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania was lost, i think . The First New York and Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry got through with small loss ; they went through by the way of Bath . The Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry went through to the right to Harper's Ferry . I remember General Milroy ordered Captain Palmer, aide-de-camp, while we were engaged with the enemy, to hurry up Colonel McReynolds . The court then adjourned to meet at 11 a. m. August 27, 1863. EIGHTEENTH DAY. AUGUST 27, 1863. Court met pursuant to adjournment . Present, all the members and the judge-advocate . The testimony given yesterday by Lieutenant-Colonel Piatt was read over to him and corrected. The judge advocate then informed the court that he had examined the telegrams handed him by Colonel Piatt, and he selected all that applied to the case in hearing that were not already before the court . (See Appendix D.) The examination of Lieutenant-Colonel Piatt was continued .

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Was General Milroy under the command of major-General Shenck at or about the time of the evacuation of Winchester?

Answer. General Milroy's forces formed part of the Eight Army Corps, under command of Major-General Schenck. In conclusion, Lieutenant-Colonel Piatt stated as follows: After an examination of the records at Baltimore, I find that I was in error yesterday in saying that General Schenck sent those orders to General Milroy by telegraph. There is no record of their being sent at all, excepting those quoted in my testimony, and that was not sent to General Milroy; it was sent to me at Winchester after I left, and was communicated by the operator to General Milroy, who sent if after me by express. The evidence given by Major Cravens on yesterday was read over to him, corrected, and his examination continued.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. During the retreat, were the brigades and regiments kept united and in good order, under control of their respective commanders?

Answer. All of that portion that passed the enemy and formed part of our column were kept in tolerably good order until we had passed beyond Charlesown, and would, I think, have been serviceable at any moment . After we passed Charlestown, they became weary, and straggled, but not enough to seriously endanger the command. I have reference to those who went through with the general himself. I know nothing about the balance .

Question. In what condition did General Milroy's command arrive at Harper's Ferry?

Answer. I did not see the troops enter Harper's Ferry . Near Loudoun Heights, General; Milroy ordered General Elliott to remain there and organize the troops, and bring them into Harper's Ferry in good order.

Question. During the fighting at or near Winchester, and during the retreat, did you observe any want of coolness judgment, or braver in any officer of General Milroy's command?

Answer. I think not.

