
Some of the troops-the One hundred and tenth and One hundred and twenty - second Ohio -retreated to Harper's Ferry, and were followed by a fragment of the Eighty seventh Pennsylvania, some of the Eighteenth Connecticut, and stragglers from other regiments. The One hundred and sixteenth Ohio and Twelfth Virginia retreated trough Bath, in Morgan County. They were also followed by portions of the Eighty -seventh pennsylvania and by stragglers from other regiments. The Sixth Maryland must have retreaded to our right in a different direction. It belonged to the Third Brigade . The Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania, belonging to the Third Brigade, was generally captured, but under what circumstances I am unable to say. I do not think that the loss in the Third Brigade was larger than in others. I think that the loss in killed, wounded, and missing was about equal among the brigades.

Question. How large a portion of Major-General Milroy's command was with him on the retreat after the attack on the morning of monday, 15th instant?

Answer. The whole number that marched with us that day in that direction, after the contest Monday morning, must have been 1, 200, of which from 600 to 800 arrived at Harper's ferry with General Milroy and General Elliott. The remainder came in during the evening and next morning. After the men felt out of danger, they would straggle and lie down. They march was a very severe one .

Question. What was the number of killed, wounded, and missing in Major-General Milroy's command from the time of the first attack to the time of the evacuation, and what was the number during the retreat?

Answer. I am unable to answer, except in general terms . Up to the time of the evacuation, or loss was very slight . So far as I observed, on Monday morning our loss in killed and wounded was very slight.

Question. Did you see Colonel McReynolds at any time during the contest?If so, what was he doing?

Answer. I did not ; I was not in position to have seen him .

Question. Did you see any part of the Third Brigade during the contest? If so, please state the particulars.

Answer. No; I did not, for the same reason given in my last answer. I only came to the rear once after entering the wood with the Ohio regiment, when I saw the Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania, Eighteenth Connecticut, and One hundred and twenty-third Ohio marching into the woods on our right, under the immediate command of Colonel Ely. I saw no other troops at that time.

Question. Would or would not the presence of the brigade in the battle have contributed to the success of the retreat and the safety of the forces/

Answer. Judging from the effect of the attack of the One hundred and tenth and One hundred and twenty-second Ohio on the enemy's right, I am inclined to the opinion that had it been supported by the whole force at the proper time, the enemy would have been driven from his guns, and a retreat in better order secured, though I do not think we could have carried away any trophies of the victory, for the reason that the enemy was so heavy in our rear, and would have been upon us .

Question. During the fight on Monday, did you give any order to the One hundred and twenty-third Ohio, belonging to the First Brigade?

Answer. I have no recollecting of giving any order to that regiment, or seeing any of its officers.

Question. How near was the enemy to the town of Winchester, on the east and south and west sides of the place, at the time you began to retreat on Monday morning?

Answer. On Saturday night they approached Winchester from the Strasburg road within a mile and a half . We had no force in that direction on Sunday that i know of. General Elliott, within a quarter of a mile, and west of the forts, skirmished with the

