
deemed reliable, that the enemy were in front of us, at Bath, not more than 4 or 5 miles from us. He expressed his intention to take his regiment off the road, and go through the mountains, and to reach Hancock by a detour. I informed him that I was the ranking officer, and assumed command over him and his regiment. He submitted to my command, and, after hearing his story, I considered it so unreasonable that I determined to go on . We saw no enemy at Bath, nor at any other place on the way to Hancock. After we arrived at Hancock, Colonel Galligher, of the Thirteenth Pennsylvania, who was there without a command, being ranking officer, assumed command of all the forces, and that night we started for Cumberland, Md. When we arrived at Flint Stone, we ascertained that Imboden had taken possession of Cumberland, and we were ordered by Colonel Galligher through to Bedford, Pa., where we arrived some time next day . I had 5 or 6 wounded, none killed, and from 20 to 30 or more missing. Some of the missing were captured . They were mostly dismounted men .

Question. During the retreat did you observe any want of courage, judgment, or coolness in any officer of General Milroy's command?

Answer. No, sir; not personally.

Question. After the retreat commenced did you receive any orders directly, from Colonel McReynolds?

Answer. I did not, to my recollection .

Question. Do you know anything of a reconnaissance being made by Captain Morgan, of the Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, on Sunday, June 14, 1863?

Answer. I have no personal knowledge of it .

By the COURT:

Question. Are you positive that Colonel McReynolds told you, before the retreat commenced, that the retreating garrison should fall back on Harper's Ferry?

Answer. I am positive that the mentioned Harper's Ferry as the point we should reach, if possible.

Question. Judging from what you saw of the retreat from Winchester, it is your opinion that it was orderly and well conducted?

Answer. My opinion is that it was well conducted, with the exception of the Third Brigade . I though that I ought to have received orders of some kind from my brigade commander on the field, especially as I was under fire at different times more than an hour .

Question. Do you consider that the most practicable route was selected for the command to retreat by? If other road than one adopted would, in your opinion, have been better, which were they?

Answer. My opinion is that it was the only one that could have been taken with any degree of safety to the command. On Sunday, I was scouting on the south part of the town, and saw the enemy on the Berryville road in considerable force.

Question. Were you in a position that would enable you to judge of the movement of all the troops during the retreat?

Answer. No, sir; not accurately.

Question. As far as the position of the enemy's forces is considered, ia it your opinion that the troops at Winchester, and the Third Brigade at Berryville, could have fallen back to Harper; s Ferry when the latter was ordered into Winchester?

Answer. My opinion was that the Third Brigade could not have retreated to Harper's Ferry without a fight, and I think the troops could not have marched from Winchester at that time without suffering great loss. My impression was that it was safer, after Sunday morning, when the enemy was on three sides of us, to wait until he massed his troops, and then to cut our way out on the weakest side ; that if he had attempted to retreat at any time Saturday morning, when the enemy was on the move, we would have been cut to pieces.

