
Question. Could the Third Brigade have retreated safely to Martinsburg on Saturday?

Answer. They might, with a fight, and perhaps with very small loss.

Question. What would have prevented your going from Martinsburg to Harper's ferry at that time?

Answer. I cannot answer. I do not know anything of the condition of the places named, or the road between them at that time .

Question. Was not a train of wagons sent from the command at Berryville on Saturday morning to Bunker Hill, and did not that wagon train get safely across the Potomac?

Answer. It did, with a severe fight at Bunker Hill.

Question. What was the strength of the escort of that train?

Answer. I sent four companies, probably not over 120 men, to guard that train. I believe there was infantry with also . I am not certain about the infantry .

Question. Why could not the Third Brigade have retreated at that time by that route?

Answer. It could have done so as safely as by the route we took.

Question. If you had remained at Berryville till Saturday night, what, in your judgment, would have been the result of your doing so?

Answer. We would have all been captured.

Question. If General Milroy had retreated from Winchester on Saturday, and after you had started from Berryville, what effect would such retreat at such a time have probably had upon the brigade commanded by Colonel McReynolds .

Answer. In my judgment, we would have inevitably been cut off ; if would have relieved the enemy at Winchester, and they would have cut off our retreat .

The court then adjourned to meet at 11 a. m. on Monday, August 31, 1863.

TWENTY-FIRST DAY. AUGUST 31, 1863.

Court met pursuant to adjournment . Present, all the members and the judge-advocate . The testimony given yesterday by Lieutenant-Colonel Adams was read over to him, corrected, and his examination continued, as follows:

By the COURT:

Question. When you were ordered by Major McGee to follow the infantry off the field, as stated by you, what other instructions were given ; and why did not the column make its way to Harper's Ferry instead of Hancock?

Answer. Major McGee stated me that we were to pass a mile or two around the woods; to reach the Martinsburg road, if possible, and march to Harper's Ferry . This is my recollection of it, and that he said he would give this order to the infantry . I saw rebels crossing the road from right to left in considerable force, just as we commenced the retreat from the field, and either Colonel Klunk or Colonel Washburn explained to me afterward that the rebels were in possession of the fields between us and the Martinsburg road, and that it would be impossible for us to reach Harper's Ferry without being cut off.

