
Question. If you had field guns with you, would they have facilitated the retreat, in driving the enemy off keeping him at bay, or otherwise?

Answer. Yes, sir .

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Was there any disorder in the retreat other than in the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry?

Answer. I did not see any other .

By the COURT:

Question. How did the infantry conduct themselves in the engagement on Monday morning?

Answer. Colonel McReynolds was not with me at that time ; I joined him afterward. I do not know whether he saw them or not . Captain F. A. PALMER, Eighteenth Connecticut, a witness called by the court, being duly sworn, answers:

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Were you a member of General Milroy's staff during the recent attack on Winchester and the retreat from that place?

Answer. I was .

Question. During the retreat from Winchester, did you carry any orders or instructions to Colonel McReynolds, commanding Third Brigade of General Milroy's division? If so, what were they?

Answer. I carried orders from General Milroy for Colonel McReynolds during the engagement on Monday morning, but was unable to find him . These orders were for him to hasten up as soon as possible, as it would not do for us to contend any longer. The ideas was that we could not hold the enemy any longer in check for his brigade to come up. At the same time, there was an inquiry embodied in the orders as to why he did not come up, as previously ordered by General Milroy in person .

By the COURT:

Question. Did you see any portion of Colonel McReynolds' brigade when you went to carry to him the orders of General Milroy?

Answer. I saw a detachment of the First New York Cavalry, commanded by Major Adams. I cannot state the number. I inquired of Major Adams where Colonel McReynolds could be found. He replied that he did not know ; that he had sent two orderlies to find him, but had not succeeded. I proceeded down the road toward Winchester to find Colonel McReynolds, until I came to a road that turns to the east, down which I had a view of at least half a mile, and where I had a view of the surrounding country, but I did not see Colonel McReynolds or any portion of hid brigade . As I looked toward Winchester, I saw advancing from that place, I suppose, two sections of artillery, and at the same time I heard what I supposed was a signal gun fired from the direction of Winchester, and I hurried back to General Milroy, and reported to him that I was unable to find Colonel McReynolds.

Question. Did you hear any expressions of impatience about the delay of Colonel McReynolds to come up with his brigade, as ordered by General Milroy? If so, what were they, and where?

Answer. When I told General Milroy that I could not find Colonel McReynolds and that the enemy was coming up with artillery, he said, "I must not attempt to

