
plain on which the village of Bolivars stands, and the right bank of the Potomac from the mouth of the Shenandoah to where the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad leaves the river. General Tyler was relieved by General French June 27. On the 28th, General French ordered the work on the defenses to be suspended for the day . With his consent, I took advantage of this delay to visit Baltimore, expecting to return in the next train . On my arrival in Baltimore, I was ordered by you to remain and take charge of the defenses of this city ; consequently I have no official knowledge of anything that has been done at Harper's Ferry since that date. The amount of labor performed from June 16 to 27, inclusive, while General Tyler was immense, considering the difficulties under which we labored. The supply of intrenching implements was wholly inadequate to the emergency . They could only be procured from Baltimore, and railroad communication was irregular and for a time interrupted . The greater part of command had just made forced marches from Winchester and Martinsburg, and they were worn out and unfit for work . The post was in a constant state of alarm in line of battle, expecting an attack . Notwithstanding these hinderances, the works were sufficiently advanced to have made a good defense . As they progressed the spirits of the men revived, and instead of gloom and despondency, hope and confidence prevailed, and I believe I am within the attack of an army I say that on June 27 the post would have resisted the attack of an army five times stronger than would have captured it on the 16th . All that could be done to hasten the completion of the works . But I feel that it would be unjust for me to close this report without expressing my obligation to Major Rolfe, Fourteenth [First] Massachusetts Artillery, who superintended the removal of the heavy guns to the points named, and Captain William Penn Gaskill, vol. unteer engineers, and the officers of his company, for their able and efficient efforts to second me in my arduous labors .

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. Raynolds,

Colonel, and Chief Engineer.

General R. C. Schenck, Commanding Eight Army Corps .

No. 380. Reports of Brig. General Daniel Tyler, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, Eight Army Corps, &amp;c., of operations June 15-26.

Headquarters, Maryland Heights, June 25, 1863.

SIR: Constant occupation since my arrival here on the morning of the 15th instant has heretofore prevented my reporting officially on the affair at Martinsburg which took place on the 14th instant I left Baltimore by special train at 12 o 'clock on the night of June 13, to relieve Colonel [B. F.] Smith in the command on the Third Brigade whose headquarters were at Martinsburg, W. Va. ; and stopping a short time to confer with Brigadier -General Kelley, in command at Harper's Ferry, I reached Martinsburg about 8 o'clock on the morning of the 14th, and found that Colonel Smith had just

