
I have at Point of Rocks and Frederick, 3, 400 men ; at Harper's ferry, 6, 000 ; at Winchester, 6, 900; at Martinsburg, 3, 000; at romney, 2, 300; at New Creek, 2, 400. troops at Winchester can fall back now to Harper's Ferry in face of enemy, [or] to Martinsburg . Force at Romney can fall back to Green Spring.

"ROBT. C. Schenck,

" Major-General, Commanding . "

"WAR DEPARTMENT, June 11, 1863-12 p. m.

" Major-General SCHENCK:

" Harper's Ferry is the important place . Winchester is of no importance other than as a lookout. The Winchester troops, excepting enough to serve as an outpost, should be withdrawn to Harper's Ferry . No large amount of supplies should be left in any exposed position . "

H. W. HALLECK, "

General-in-Chief "

Question. What orders or instructions did you communicate to Major General R. H. Milroy in reference to holding or evacuating Winchester?

Answer. On the night of the 9th of June, I sent Lieutenant-Colonel Piatt, my chief of staff, and also Brig. General Daniel Tyler, to visit Harper's ferry, Winchester, Romney, Martinsburg, and other points within the commands of Major-General Milroy, who was at Winchester, and of General Kelley, whose division was stationed on the railroad, with instructions to ascertain and report the exact condition of thing, and directing my chief of staff to act in some degree at his direction, according as the necessities might seem to be, and to keep me constantly informed. On the next day I received from Lieutenant-Colonel Piatt the following dispatch:

" WINCHESTER, June 10, 1863 .

" Major-General SCHENCK:

" Matters look well here, excepting the cavalry . You can say to the General-in-Chief. that we are ready for the rebels, should they come. Had we not better go on to Romney? Do you need Woodhull? He is leaving . "

DONN PIATT,

" Lieutenant-Colonel, k and Chief off Staff .

" I would here state that I had directed this officer to proceed immediately to Winchester, as he did, without any delay at Harper's ferry or Martinsburg, Winchester being the chief point of interest . On the 9th, I had received the following telegrams from Brigadier General B. F. Kelly, viz:

" Harper's Ferry, June 9, 1863 .

"Lieutenant Colonel DONN PIATT,

"Chief of Staff:

" I have no news from the Valley later than I reported, and that was that Jones had left the Valley, going toward Culpeper, and that Jenkins was in command above Strasburg. I will send the artillery company to Milroy as directed .

"B. F. KELLEY,

"Brigadier-General . "

"HARPER"S FERRY, June 9, 1863 .

" Lieutenant Colonel DONN PIATT,

" Chief of Staff:

" A cavalry scout sent yesterday to Snicker's Gap had just returned by way of Wood Grove and Hillsborough, in Loudoun County. Saw no enemy . Learned that a detachment of the First New York Cavalry had a skirmish with Mosby at Salem yesterday, capturing 14 men and 17 horses, including Mosby's private saddle-horse.

" B. F. KELLEY,

" Brigadier-General .

" These telegrams from General Kelley to Lieutenant Colonel Piatt were received by me after the latter had left on the 9th to go to Winchester . On the 10th, I had

