
than as a lookout . The Winchester troops, excepting enough to serve as an outpost, should be withdrawn to Harper's Ferry. The troops at Martinsburg should be ready to fall back to Harper's Ferry. No large amount of supplies should be left in any exposed position .

"`H. W. HALLECK,

"`General-in-Chief

" colonel Piatt will take steps for preparing to carry out carefully and judiciously these instructions of the General-in-Chief. . The troops at Romney will also have to be considered in any arrangement for such falling back and concentration . Be ready, but wait for further orders.

" ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

" Major-General, Commanding .

" In consequence of these instructions, Lieutenant-Colonel Piatt appears to have sent an order to General Milroy, which I presume is embodied in his testimony, and hence, in the night between the 11th and 12th, or some time in the morning of the 12th, I received from General Milroy the following telegram:

" WINCHESTER, June 11, 1863-12p. m.

"Major-General SCHENCK:

"Have just received an order from Colonel Piatt to immediately take steps to move my command to Harper's Ferry, leaving only a sufficient force for a lookout. I have sufficient force to hold the place safely, but if any portion is withdrawn the balance will be captured in forty-eight hours. All should go or none. Please designate what portion of my forces must be left there for the enemy.

" R. H. Milroy,

" Major-General.

" On the 12th, I sent the following dispatch to Lieutenant-Colonel Piatt:

" BALTIMORE, June 12, 1863.

"Lieutenant Colonel DONN PIATT,

"New Creek, Va.:

" Copy of your dispatch to General Milroy just received from Captain Woodhull. You have somewhat exceeded my instructions. I directed steps to be taken for preparing to carry out instructions of the General-in-Chief., and added, `Be ready, but wait for further orders . ' I will communicate directly with Milroy .

"ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

" Major-General, Commanding.

" Early on the same morning, and at the same time that I sent the last-cited dispatch to Colonel Piatt, I sent the following instructions directly to General Milroy by telegraph:

" BALTIMORE, June 12, 1863.

" Major General R. H. Milroy.

"Winchester, Va.:

" Lieutenant-Colonel Piatt has, I learn by copy of dispatch sent me, which he forwarded to you from Harper's Ferry, misunderstood me, and somewhat exceeded his instructions. You will make all the required preparations for withdrawing, but hold your position in the meantime. Be ready for movement, but wait for further orders. I doubt the propriety of calling in McReynolds' brigade at once. If you should fall back to Harper's Ferry, he will be in part on the way and covering your flank ; but use your discretion as to any orders to him. Below I give you a copy of a telegram of the General-in-Chief Nothing heard since. Give me constant information .

" ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

"Major-General, Commanding .

" [Copy of General Halleck's telegram .] Harper's Ferry is the important place . Winchester is of no importance other than as a lookout . The Winchester troops, excepting enough to serve as an outpost, should be withdrawn to Harper's Ferry . No large amount of supplies should be left in any exposed position . H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief

