
All the testimony having been received that was deemed necessary by the court, the investigation of the facts and circumstances in regard to the evacuation of Winchester was closed.

WILLIAM F. BARRY,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, President .

ROBERT N. SCOTT,

Captain Fourth U. S. Infantry, Judge-Advocate .

APPENDIX A.

Brig. General W. F. BARRY,

Brig. General J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

and Brigadier General G. A. DE RUSSY,

Detailed for the Court of Inquiry under Special Orders, Numbers 346,

for the purposes in said order named: The undersigned, for the purpose of protecting all his rights, privileges, and interests, doth hereby respectfully protest that he should not in his reputation, fame, or person be in any manner whatever injured of affected by the findings of the present court of inquiry, because he says: That all the officers who compose said court are brigadier-generals, while he is a major-general ; and while he cannot but admit that the officers who compose this court are in all respects personally his peers, yet officially they are not so, and he asks that this, his protest, may ba made part of the record.

R. H. Milroy,

Major-General .

AUGUST 15, [1863] APPENDIX B.

WASHINGTON,, January 5, 1863 .

General SCHENCK, Baltimore:

No attempt should ba made to hold Winchester against a large force of the enemy, but use it simply as an outpost, as advised in our conversation a day or two ago . Isolated post and columns are too liable to be cut off .

* * * * * * *

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief. . -

WASHINGTON,, D. C., March 16, 1863 .

Major-General SCHENCK, Baltimore:

All troops in Western Virginia will be ordered to your command The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company represent that their road about Harper's Ferry is unsafe under General Milroy ; can you not put a more competent officer in his place? I must again call your attention to the importance of constructing block-houses for the defense of railroad bridges .

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief

