
received notice of the approach of the enemy, and was on the point of going out with parts of two regiments of infantry, a battery of artillery, and one company of cavalry, in all about 1, 200 men, to meet him, and notifying Colonel Smith of my order, informed him that under circumstances I would not assume command, but would be on the field for advice, if necessary . Colonel Smith formed his line of battle between 9 and 10 o ' clock at about 1 mile from Martinsburg, across the Winchester pike. At this time his pickets were engaged about half a mile to the front, and as soon as his line was formed, he sent forward some skirmishes to support his pickets, and a desultory firing continued for one hour or more, when the enemy showed an increased force within artillery range, and a few shells sufficed to drive him back over the ridge and out of sight. About this time (11 o ' clock), information was received that the enemy had captured a portion of General Milroy 's forces at Bunker Hill, 6 to 8 miles on the Winchester pike, and having been position, the information induced the belief that Milroy had been attacked by a strong force at Winchester, and that the attack on Bunker Hill was intended to, and in fact did, cut off hid retreat on Martinsburg, and acting on this opinion, I at once ordered the baggage train belonging to Smith; s brigade (ascertaining that all the stores had been previously sent off by railroad) to move at once toward Williamsport, and make its way into Pennsylvania, which was accomplished, and the train saved. About 12 o'clock I notified Colonel Smith that we should have to retreat, but to hold on until the safety on the baggage was secured, and we would then move to Williamsport, and thence to Harper's Ferry. Between 11 and 12 o'clock, Colonel Smith, with my approbation, withdrew the command from the Winchester pike to the heights near Martinsburg on which the cemetery is located, covering a connection with the Williamsport and Shepherdstown roads, both of which branch off in the rear of the cemetery . Here Colonel Smith held his command in hand, his skirmishes-both cavalry and infantry - being from time to time in contact with enemy, until about 1 o'clock, when the following communication was received:

Headquarters, Camp near Martinsburg, June 14, 1863.

The Commanding Officer U. S. Forces near Martinsburg:

SIR: I herewith demand the surrender of Martinsburg. Should you refuse, you are respectfully requested to notify the inhabitants of the place to remove forthwith to a place of safety. Small-arms only will be used hour upon the town after your reception of this note . After that, I shall feel at liberty to shell the town, if I see proper . I shall be compelled to hold your command responsible.

Very truly, yours,

A. G. Jenkins,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

P. S. -An immediate reply is necessary.

To the communication, Colonel Smith replied as follows:

Headquarters U. S. Forces, Martinsburg, W. Va., June 14, 1863.

A. G. Jenkins, Brigadier-General, &c.:

General:Martinsburg will not be surrendered. You may commence shelling as soon as you choose. I will, however, inform the inhabitants of your threats.

Very respectfully, yours,

B. F. Smith,

Colonel, Commanding U. S. Forces

2 R R -VOL XXVII, PT II

