
all the horses of my artillery, and wagons, but was interrupted by an overwhelming force, with artillery 4 miles this side of Winchester, on the Martinsburg road, and, after a desperate fight or two hours, I got through, but my force was greatly shattered and scattered . We were pursued by a large cavalry force, who picked up numbers of my weary boys . I cannot yet tell the amount of my loss, but I think it will not exceed 2, 000. What are your orders?

R. H. Milroy,

Major-General .

[NOTE. - For additional telegrams, see Part III, Correspondence, etc., under dates of June 3, 4, 6, 10, 11, 13, and 14.]

APPENDIX E. *
HEADQUARTERS MILROY'S DIVISION, Winchester, March 1, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK:

DEAR SIR: From information received through deserters, negroes, citizens, and scouts, I have every reason for believing that the rebel force in front of me has been very considerably re-enforced, and that an early attack is intended on this place, or rather on my forces stationed here, and that he attack has only been this long delayed on account of the very inclement weather of the last month . I therefore ask that I may be allowed, without delay, at least two more regiments of infantry, one more of cavalry, and one more battery, and that I may be allowed to assume the offensive . My cavalry force should be increased for the reason that, from the best information I can get, the rebel cavalry force in my front is about five times as great as my own at present is . I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,R. H. MILROY,

Brigadier-General .

[Indorsement .]
HEADQUARTERS EIGHT ARMY CORPS, Baltimore, Md., March 4, 1863. Respectfully forwarded to the General-in-Chief It is impossible for me to give to General Milroy the re-enforcement he asks, for the simple and conclusive reason that I have not the troops . I will add that it seems to be the general opinion of secessionist in Baltimore that Milroy is to be soon attacked.

ROBT. C. SCHENK,Major-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, EIGHTH ARMY CORPS, Wichester, Va., June 12, 1863.

Major General R. C. SCHENCK:

DEAR SIR: Having received some orders looking to the evacuation of this place and falling back upon Harper's Ferry, I hope you will

---------------

*See also reports of Caps. John Carlin and F. W. Alexander, originally parts of this appendix.

---------------

12 R R-VOL XXVII, PT II

