
Williamsport, and when I came to the rear in search of them they had passed so far forward as to render it impossible to regain the column on the Shepherdstown road. Captain Maulsby, whose gallantry on the field could hardly have been exceeded, will be able to explain his movements and the reasons for them and the manner in which he retreated into Pennsylvania with a part of his battery. The movement of the One hundred and sixth New York on the Shepherdstown road was followed by the cavalry, and the column, after moving a couple of miles, closed up on the One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio, with Colonel Smith in command, and continued to march steadily until it reached the ford, 1 and 1/2 miles below Shepherdstown, about 1 a. m. the 15th instant, where it crossed the river without molestation from the enemy, and arrived at Harper's Ferry about 7 a. m. of the same day. As the enemy was in force in our front at the time the retread commenced, and was continually moving his troops forward from Winchester, it is probable the night march contributed mainly to the saving of the command ; and it is but due to the troops to say that this march, without rest of water, was conducted with perfect order, without straggling and without complaint. The brigadier -general commanding cannot close this report without special notice of First Lieutenant Wyckoff, First New York Cavalry, who conducted the head of the column, and by his knowledge of the country and his coolness did more than any other man in the column to assure the safety of the command. I herewith submit, and without comment, copies of the reports made by Colones Smith and James as to their participation in the affair of the 14th at Martinsburg.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

Dan. Tyler,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

Lieutenant Colonel Donn Piatt, Chief of Staff, Eight Army Corps.

Headquarters, Baltimore, Md., July 1, 1863.

SIR: The operations of the forces under my command from June 15 until I was relieved from the command at Maryland Heights by Major-General French, on June 26, seem to require at my hands an official report, and I avail myself of the earliest possible opportunity to make it. I arrived at Harper's Ferry about 6 o'clock on the morning of June 15, with the troops which retreated from Martinsburg (having been in the saddle from 10 a. m. of the day before), and about 10 a. m. was notified by telegraphic orders from Major-General Schenck, commanding Eight Army Corps, to relieve Brigadier-General Kelley in the command of the troops in and around Harper's Ferry, and before 12 o'clock Brigadier-General Kelley (who had been for some time in command) left with his entire staff for Baltimore, taking all the papers, not leaving even a report of the forces belonging to the command . About noon, fugitives from Milroy; s command began to arrive, with information that Ewell was in pursuit, and that there was a fair pros-

