
On the 14th, General Schenck received further information of the enemy at Winchester from General Tyler, stationed at Martinsburg, and with whom General Milroy had communicated by a scouts, who left Winchester late on the night of the 13th . This information confirmed the previous intelligence that Ewell's corps, consisting 15, 000 to 18, 000 men, was in Milroy's front ; that he had thus far sustained himself, and was confident that he could hold the place . After this no communication whatever was had with General Milroy until after his retreat . It was on the 14th, also, about noon, and after the above-mentioned dispatch had been received from General Milroy, that General Schenck received a telegram from the General-in-Chief., in final answer to his own of the 12th . This telegram, which is dated from the War Department at 10. 30 a. m., is as follows: It is reported that Longstreet's and Ewell's corps have passed through Culpeper to Speryville, toward the Valley . This, General Schenck testifies, was the first and only intimation received by him from General Halleck that any of Lee's force had gone in the direction of the Valley . It would thus appear that it was not until after Lee's army had engaged General Milroy at Winchester, and the latter had fully informed his commanding officer of the fact, that information was received at the War Department, not of Lee's presence at Winchester, but of, his reported advance from Culpeper . 2. The attack . The reconnoitering and scouting parties, sent out by General Milroy since June 1, had observed no unusual movement of the enemy until on the occasion of the reconnaissance of Friday, the 12th, which has been before adverted to . On the next day, the enemy was observed advancing in force, and at the same time Berryville, where the Third Brigade, under Colonel McReynolds, was stationed, was also attacked . Colonel McReynolds, according to previous instructions, withdrew, skirmishing, and, by making a considerable detour, effected a very successful march to Winchester, where we arrived at evening with very slight loss . Before withdrawing, he sent off his wagon train with his stores, which eventually reached Harper's Ferry in safety . The entire force of General Milroy at Winchester now numbered about 9, 000 men, of which about 7, 000 were effective troops . The force of the enemy is variously estimated . In his telegram from Harper's Ferry on the 15th, after the retreat, General Milroy states it as 15, 000 to 20, 000 men ; but in his testimony he says that he has since learned from prisoners, deserters, and citizens of Winchester, that the force in his front included both Ewell's and all or the greater part of Longstreet's corps, numbering in all 40, 000 to 50, 000 men, with eighty pieces

of artillery ranged upon his works . Major Cravens, of the staff, estimated the enemy at the same number, but Captain Baird, another staff officer, places it at 20, 000, and Brigadier-General Elliott at 20. 000 to 30. 000 . June 13 was passed in active skirmishing . In the evening, as before, mentioned, the precise character of the attacking force was first disclosed . Under the cover of night, General Milroy withdrew all his forces within the fortifications north of the town, with the exception of those stationed in the outworks or rifle-pits at the front . On Sunday, it became more apparent that the enemy had sur-

