
Colonel Smith himself conducted the One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio off the field, ordering the One hundred and sixth New York to follow. The latter, after moving, was halted to reform its line, which had been broken by the artillery . AT this moment, General Tyler came to the front, and assumed command of this regiment and for the battery, which was also about to leave to the ground . He says that he did so because he found the One hundred and sixth Regiment alone in the field, and apparently awaiting orders, and because Colonel Smith had left and could not be found ; that he (Smith) had retreat without orders from (Tyler), leaving at the moment of the attack without returning to look after the column . Upon thus assuming command, General Tyler states that he ordered Captain Maulsby to throw half a dozen shots from each of the four of his guns, which he had directly under his command-the remaining section being in another part of the field - and then to limber up and follow the infantry . He then ascertained by personal observation that the Williamsport road was occupied by Jenkins, and rode back to the infantry, and ordered them to march off by Shepherdstown route . On returning presently, as he says, to look after the artillery, he found that after firing, as directed, Captain Maulsby had moved off rapidly by the Williamsport road . The two sections with Maulsby were soon after captured on this road by the enemy's cavalry, but Captain Maulsby, with his officers and most of his men and horses, succeeded in escaping . Of the remaining section, one gun got off safely on the Shepherdstown road with the infantry, the other was disabled, and left on the field by the lieutenant commanding the section . An officer on duty with the two sections under Maulsby testifies that the guns might have been saved if the infantry supports had moved off the field and left them . he says that these guns remained last on the field because they were detained there by General Tyler, who directed them to be used upon the advancing enemy, and " then to limber up and get away, as the infantry had been gone some time . " General Tyler, however, did not order or direct Captain Maulsby by which road to retreat, and the witness states that at the point where the guns were placed the officers could not see the troops moving by the Shepherdstown road. General Tyler accompanied the One hundred and sixth Regiment from the field, and after marching about a mile, overtook Colonel Smith and One hundred and twenty-sixth . The general states that he then reformed the column, and conducted the retreat to the river at Shepherdstown, where the troops crossed by the ford, and continued their march on the other side down to Harper's Ferry . Colonel Smith, however, in his official report makes no mention of General Tyler having anything to do with conduct of the retreat. It appears that this march was made in good order and with very little straggling . The entire loss of the command during the day was 4 or 5 killed, about a dozen wounded, and some 150 taken prisoners, being chiefly those who ordered and took the Williamsport road . The amount of public property lost was small. The stores, of which Martinsburg was the depot, had been removed by railroad to Harper; s Ferry prior to June 14. Indeed, the principal and most unfortunate feature of the retreat was the loss of the two sections of Maulsby's battery . Captain Maulsby himself was severely wounded, and unable to attend the court as a witness, and no official report by him is filed with the proceedings .

