
there were no rebels at either Gettysburg or Hanover, which report was confirmed by citizens coming from those points, and information of which I forwarded to you immediately by special courier . About 9 o'clock on the evening of the 28th instant, the picket on the Hampstead road came in, and reported the advance of the enemy's cavalry . We were immediately in the saddle, and went out to meet them . While awaiting their approach, I was informed that they had taken the Manchester road, which enters the turnpike about 3 miles below Westminster with a view to attack my rear and cut off retreat . I at once fell back to that point, and awaited their approach . Pickets were sent out on all the roads to ascertain the exact whereabouts of the enemy, but failing to discover his presence, so reported to me . Supposing that the rebels had retired, I at once marched back and reoccupied the town, extending my pickets to a greater distance from the town on all the roads. On the following morning my pickets reported all quiet, and a great many of my horses having been rendered almost unfit for service by marching over the stony road without shoes, I ordered them to be shod that morning . About 3. 30 o'clock on the afternoon on the 29th (yesterday), information was brought in by a citizen (the picket having been captured) that the enemy were advancing in force on the Washington road . I immediately ordered all the serviceable horses to be mounted, amounting to about 70, and, advancing in column through the town, proceeded to give him battle . I ordered Lieutenant D. W. C. Clark, Company C, with an advance guard of 12 men, to feel the enemy and ascertain his position . The advance, having been driven, reported a strong column of cavalry, a part of whom were armed with carbines, moving toward us on the Washington road, while another column was marching to the upper end of the town, with a view to attack us in front and rear simultaneously, and at the same time to cut of our retreat . Captain Corbit, commanding Company C, was ordered to change the column on the Washington road, which he did in a gallant and masterly manner, driving, the enemy with very considerable loss until his reserve arrived, and re-enforcing the shattered column which Captain Corbit had so gallantly charged, turned again in overwhelming numbers upon Corbit and his bold followers, and charged them so furiously that, I ordered up Lieutenant Caleb Churchman, of Company D, to his support, Lieutenant Churchman having been previously posted so as to watch the movement of the enemy at the upper end of the town . The enemy having been so heavily re-enforced, drove the two companies slowly back to the main pike, the men of my command fighting all the time with the greatest bravery and determination, and contending hotly for every inch of ground ; but finding that the column of the enemy was coming down upon us from the upper end of the town, I determined to fall back upon Reisterstown, and ordered Lieutenant Churchman, with his company, to protect and cover our retreat, which he did in splendid style, losing all but 7 of his men, and falling himself into the hands of the enemy . I then fell back to Reisterstown, the enemy pursuing to within 2 and 1/2 miles of that place . I there ordered the lieutenant of the First Connecticut Cavalry to hold them in check until I could rally my few remaining men on this side of the town, and ordered Lieutenant Reedy, Company C, to push on, and turn back some 7 or 8 of the men, who were about a mile in advance . This he failed to do, but proceeded with

