
the men directly to Baltimore . I came slowly on, accompanied by Adjutant Lobdell, Lieutenant Clark, and 2 men, about a mile this side of the town, and there halted, determined to return to and reoccupy Reisterstown. This I was proceeding to do, when a courier arrived, having an order from you directing me to return to Baltimore . This order I immediately carried out, sending Adjutant Lobdell in advance to report to you the condition of affairs, and returned to our old camping ground at Steuart's Hill . My casualties and losses are 67 men killed, wounded, and missing, including 2 commissioned officers -Captain Charles Corbit and Lieutenant Caleb Churchman; the former of whom fell while gallantly charging the enemy, and is now a prisoner in their hands, and the latter was captured while covering the retreat of the main body . One wagon laden with hospital stores and camp garrison equipage, and also the regimental books and papers, fell into the hands of the enemy. I cannot close this report without calling your attention to the bravery and intrepidity of the officers and men of my command, whose efficiency and determination of purpose had saved us from utter annihilation . I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. KNIGHT,

Major, Commanding .

Major General R. C. SCHENCK, Commanding Middle Department, Baltimore, Md.

Numbers 402. Report of Captain George D. Summers, Second Maryland Potomac Home Brigade, of operations June 14-July 5.

HEADQUARTERS COMPANY F, Camp near Frederick, Md., Sunday, july 12, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose to you monthly report for the month of June . You will see from the report that I had a skirmish at Berryville on Sunday, the 14th day of June . My advance ran into a large body of cavalry near Berryville . I lost 1 man wounded and 2 captured, and was forced to fall back, after inflicting some punishment on the enemy . I fell back to Charleston, and then to Halltown, contesting every inch of ground with the enemy's skirmishers. From there, on June 16, I was ordered to fall back to Maryland Heights, which I did without further loss, being the last soldier in this command that left Dixie . On June 17, was ordered by General Tyler, in company with Captain Vernon's company, to go to Point of Rocks, and hold the position . Before we got there, we were attacked by White's battalion ; we were overpowered and whipped . I regret to say I lost 1 brave man killed, 3 wounded, and 4 missing . On the 18th instant, 3 of my men who were sent with some of Captain Vernon's were captured, after desperate resistance, at Frederick, Md.

