
I was then ordered to go to Berlin, Md., which town I occupied until June 30, when I was ordered to maryland Heights again, and on the next day to this place . I have scouted all around since, and have done some good work . Two of my men (couriers) were captured near Gettysburg, on July 5, by Stuart's cavalry . I am now temporally attached to major Cole's battalion, but should be pleased to be near you - my regiment, at least . I want to be in General Kelley's department . Will you please to make effort to get me with you? I write to General Kelley to that effect to-day. All is quiet here . The victorious Army of the Potomac is in front of Lee, near Hagerstown, Md., I hope that Lee will stand to fight. If he does, I feel certain of victory for our arms . I am, colonel, with great respect, your most obedient servant,

GEO. D. SUMMERS,

Captain Company F(Cavalry), Second Regiment Maryland Vols.

Colonel R. BRUCE,

Comnd. Second Regiment P. H. B., Maryland Vols. -

Numbers 403 . Report of Brigadier General Henry M. Naglee, U. S. Army, of skirmishing near Harper's Ferry, W. Va.
HEADQUARTERS, Harper's Ferry, W. Va., July 16, 1863.

SIR: I would respectfully report that on the afternoon on the 14th instant, after occupying the entrenchments near Harper's Ferry, and the pontoon bridge had been constructed, I ordered Major Farnsworth, of the First Connecticut Cavalry, with 50 of his men, to picket the roads leading from the Ferry, and to ascertain whether any of the rebel cavalry were upon these roads, within 2 or 3 miles of the entrenchments . Discovering some of the cavalry of the enemy some 4 miles from Harper's Ferry, an effort was made to cut of their pickets amounting to some 15 or 20 men, which was successful ; but in an effort to capture another picket, Major Farnsworth allowed this men to pursue so far as to find himself surrounded by the rebel reserve who succeeded in capturing Major Farnsworth, with 24 of his men and liberating a portion of the prisoners he had taken . The affair resulted in the capture of Colonel A. W. Harman (wounded), Twelfth Virginia Cavalry ; Captain M. J. Grandin, Thirty-third Virginia Infantry ; Lieutenant Jackson Eastham, Twelfth Virginia Cavalry, and 4 privates, and in wounding several of the enemy . We lost Major Charles Farnsworth and 24 men, made prisoners by the enemy. *

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,HENRY M. NAGLEE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding .

General S. WILLIAMS, Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac . -

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

