
No threatening force, up to this time, approached within 100 miles of me, and there has been a force of from 5, 000 to 7, 000 men nearer to the enemy by 80 miles than myself . I cannot, in consideration of all the facts above stated, conceive how I could have been expected " to strike a handsome blow .

" I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHESEBROUGH, Assistant Adjutant-General .

[Inclosure A.]

Baltimore, June 14, 1863 .

Brigadier-General AVERELL, Buckhannon, W. Va.:

Ewell, with Jackson's old division, from Lee's army, is fighting us at Winchester, and trying to come down on the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad . Keeping a lookout for the passes through the mountains westward, you will make Grafton your point of concentration. The enemy is not likely to pass westward you through the Alleghanies . Let me know if you hear anything of the rebels in your direction .

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding .

ADDENDA. June 14, 1863-10, 50 p. m.

Major-General SCHENCK, Baltimore:

Your dispatch of 6 p. m. received . There is no force on the enemy on the Staunton road nearer than Buffalo Gap. There is a picket of about 500 in the vicinity of Hunterville ; none threatening me anywhere . Scouts to-day ; am on the alert . Do you wish me to concentrate at Grafton without further orders from you?

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General. - June 15, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK, Baltimore:

It was impossible to make out clearly from your cipher dispatch of last night what your orders are. Grafton is mentioned as a point of concentration, but I wish to know if your expect me to concentrate there without further orders . Respectfully,

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure B.]
HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, June 15, 1863 .

Brigadier-General AVERELL, Beverly:

Yes, concentrate at Grafton, as you are expected to move on to New Creek, where General Kelley is, who will take command .

DONN PIATT,Chief of Staff.

