
[Inclosure E.]
HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, June 20, 1863-10 p. m.

Brigadier-General AVERELL, Grafton, Va.:

Sorry to receive your report . You have n=missed striking a hand-some blow that would have put heart in all of us . No blame, of course ; I know your troubles. But hurry up your force, and get ready soon as possible . Call on Wheeling or on Cincinnati for material .

Donn PIATT,Chief of Staff.

HDQRS. FOURTH SEPARATE BRIG., EIGHT ARMY CORPS, Beverly, W. Va., September 1, 1863. General:

I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my brigade from the time I assumed command of it to this date: I arrived at Weston, W. VA., on May 22, and, pursuant to special orders from headquarters Middle Department, assumed command of this brigade on the ensuing day, relieving Brigadier General B. S. Roberts. The following troops and batteries composed the brigade, viz:

The Twenty- eight Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Colonel A. Moor; Second West Virginia Volunteer Infantry Colonel Latham; Third West Virginia Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Thompson ; Eight West Virginia Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Oley; Tenth West Virginia Volunteers Infantry, Colonel Harris ; Fourteenth Pennsylvania volunteer Cavalry, Colonel Schoonmaker ; Company C, Sixteenth Illinois Cavalry, Captain Jaehne ; Company A, First West Virginia Cavalry, Captain Hagan; Company C, Third West Virginia Cavalry, Captain Bowen ; Third Independent Company Ohio Cavalry, Captain Smith ; Battery B, First West Virginia Artillery (six guns), Captain Keeper, and Battery G, First Virginia Artillery (four guns), Captain Ewing. Measures were at once taken to mount the Second, Third, and Eight West Virginia Volunteer Infantry, and to equip them partially as cavalry . The purchase of horses was ordered by the major-general commanding the Middle Department, and they were procured rapidly from Pittsburgh, Wheeling, Gallipolis, and from the counties in the vicinity of the railroad running from Grafton to Parkersburg. Modifications were made in arms and equipments to fit them for mounted service, and carbines and sabers were obtained from Wheelming for the Eight West Virginia Volunteers . A camp of instructions was established at Bridgeport, near Clarksburg, and, on June 6, the Third West Virginia was sent to it . On the 9th, the Eight West Virginia was also sent . Horses were issued to those regiments, but the equipments did not come with the horses . While waiting for them, the officers received some instructions in cavalry tactics . Equipments arrived on the 15th, with orders to move to New Creek, to re-enforce the command there, which was thought to be threatened by detachments advancing westward from the enemy's main body, which was then proceeding to Maryland . The equipments were issued to the Third and Eight, and on the 17th, they proceed to Grafton. The Twenty-eight and Keeper's

14 R R -VOL XXVII, PT II

