
howitzer battery had been only partially felled, and an enemy would in almost any direction have been covered to within 300 or 400 yards of the guns, and no rifle -pits or breastworks for infantry supports had been constructed. On the plateau under Maryland Heights, and situated immediately on the river bank, Fort Duncan, although not completed, had some eight guns mounted to cover Bolivar Heights, on the Virginia shore, and also the approach to Maryland Heights from an enemy descending, and also by the river bank of the Potomac on the Maryland side. The distance from Fort Duncan across the plateau to the base of Maryland Heights is about three-quarters of a mile, over a nearly level plain, and this interval was covered by Morri's brigade, without entrenchments or rifle-pits. The foregoing is a somewhat imperfect description of the defenses of Harper's Ferry on June 15 and the troops appurtenant to them . The position of the defenses satisfied me that more engineering skill was required, and that there was much work to be done, and I immediately telegraphed for Colonel Raynolds, U. S. Engineers, who arrived on the 16th instant, and immediately commenced reorganizing and completing the defenses connected with Maryland side of the Potomac, and his report is herewith submitted, with correct statements of work done &amp;c. It was evident, from the large body of the enemy's force in the vicinity (Lee's entire army having passed the Potomac at the Shepherdstown Ford, within 10 miles of Maryland Heights, between June 17-25), that the attack would, if possible, be in force and a surprise, and to prevent the latter, a picket, consisting of 200 infantry a dozen cavalry, with a signal officer in attendance, was sent some 3 miles in advance of the fortifications, and to a point where the Pleasant Valley road leads on to the ridge, to give notice by night or day of any advance by that most exposed route, and a similar picket was sent to the John Brown school-house, about 3 miles from Fort Duncan, to give notice of any advance by way of the Antietam, the officers of the signal station at Maryland Heights keeping a close watch of enemy's movements by day in the Loudoun Valley and toward Martinsburg, Shepherdstown, and Williamsport. At the time these precaution were taken, all the spare cavalry was used in scouting from Harper's Ferry to Point of Rocks and toward Shepherdstown, Sharpsburg, and Boonsborough, and by all these means accurate information was from day to day obtained as to the enemy's movements, and this information, as will subsequently appear, was promptly communicated to the proper military authorities. I add hereunto a journal of the command, kept from June 15 to 26, inclusive, as the most convenient and succinct mode of presenting to view the military operations between these dates. June 15. -Arrived at Harper's Ferry at 7 a. m. At 10 o'clock received telegraphic orders from Major -General Schenck to relieve Brigadier-General Kelley from command. General Kelley left at 12 o'clock, with his entire staff, without leaving behind a single record of the command. On inspecting the Harper's Ferry side, found General Kenly's brigade, of two small Maryland regiments and one light battery in camp on Bolivar Heights; found also all the subsistence, hospital stores, ammunition, &., on the Harper's Ferry side, and keep his entire force employed night and day until the entire supplies should

