
battery were forwarded by railroad to New Creek ; the Second marched to Grafton, held in readiness to move ; the Fourteenth Pennsylvania and two additional independent companies recently joined were brought to Webster, while the Tenth West Virginia and Ewing's battery, with two independent companies, remained at Beverly, with one independent company at Buckhannon and one at Weston. The necessity for my entire command at New Creek not being urgent, the movement of the remainder was delayed, and equipments and horses were issued to the Second West Virginia . On July 1, the force at Beverly was threatened by a force of the enemy under Colonel [W. L.]Jackson. I went with the Fourteenth Pennsylvania, Third and Eight West Virginia, to the relief of Colonel Harris' command . The enemy desisted from his threatened attack, and was pursued beyond Huttonsville The Twenty-eight and Keeper's battery were recalled from New Creek to Philippi. I had just returned from my pursuit of Jackson to Beverly, when I received an order to proceed to Hancock, Md., with the mounted force of my command . The Twenty-Eight Ohio was ordered to Beverly, to join the Tenth West Virginia and one company of cavalry in holding that place, and at 2 a. m. on the 6th, I proceeded with the Third and Eight West Virginia and Fourteenth Pennsylvania northward to the railroad. On the 7th, Keeper's battery and the Eighth West Virginia were forwarded by railroad to Cumberland. Four independent companies were sent on the 8th, and on the 9th, 10th, and 11th the Third West Virginia and Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry were forwarded with Ewing's battery . On July 12, I sent out from Cumerland with the Third and Eight West Virginia, Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and an independent battalion - which had been organized by putting four on the independent companies under Major Gibson, Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and Keeper's and Ewing's batteries- and arrived at Fairview below Hancock, at 10 a. m. the 13th about 50 miles' march . Advanced on the 14th to Williamsport, there it was ascertained that the rebel army had recrossed the river during the previous night . On the 15th returned to Indian Springs, near Cherry Run, above Williamsport, Md. By your order, Keeper's battery was sent back to Beverly . On the 16th and 17th, my command crossed the river, which was deep and swift, by means of three flat-boats and three skiffs . On the morning of the 18th, the battalion of Major Gibson was sent southward to make a reconnaissance in the direction of Shanghai . Later in the day, I moved with my command to Hedgesville . On the way there Major Gibson was met returning with 14 prisoners and 3 wagons, captured from the enemy. On the 19th, marched toward Martinsburg with my command, with the expedition of the Third West Virginia, which was left to cover the road to Winchester; drove the enemy's pickets until they were re- enforced, about noon, when I received your orders to retire. The command was withdrawn to the junction of the road to Winchester, the enemy following, and using his artillery without much effect. Ewing's battery opened for the first time during the day, and the enemy retired. One captain, 1 lieutenant, and 6 men were wounded of my command. Five of the enemy were killed and a few prisoners were taken by us.

