
28th by 12, 000 men, our forces, under Brigadier-General Knipe, falling back to near Harrisburg. The remainder of Ewell's corps, 8, 000 crossed from Chambersburg to Gettysburg on the 26th, drove in our scouts with their supports, with a loss to us of 176 men missing and prisoners of the Twenty-sixth Emergency Regiment . From that place the enemy moved in the direction of York. The chief burgess and deputation of citizens met this force 9 miles from the town, and formally surrender . It was occupied by General Early on the 28th. A body of 2, 500 of the rebels immediately pushed toward Columbia, drove in the troops at Wrightsville, under Colonel Frick, who retreated across the river and burned the bridge . Same day, their advance approached to within 3 miles of Harrisburg, engaging our pickets and reconnoitered the works. Colonel Thomas, Twentieth Regiment, in charge of bridges near York, retired toward the Susquehanna . The call of June 15 brought only seven full regiments . The Governor obtained the sanction of the President, and called out 60, 000 militia for State service. These rendezvoused at Harrisburg, Reading, and Huntington. Up to this time, New York had sent nearly 6, 000 men . Colonel E. Franklin, a citizens of Lancaster, had been placed in command of the fords, and bridges on the Lower Susquehanna, to Conowingo, in Maryland some of which were guarded by citizens partially armed with shot-guns . Five thousand men of the counties bordering on the Juniata filled the passes leading to their homes, and threw up military works. They were an army of bushwhackers, commanded by ex-officers . Brigadier-General Smith advanced to Carlisle July 1, with 3, 000 men . During the night, Lee's cavalry, 3, 200 strong, surrounded the place, and, after demanding its surrender, shelled the town, retiring before the next morning in the direction of Gettysburg, where General Lee was hastily concentrating, having been forced to this by the rapid movements of the Army of the Potomac, under General Meade. The battle of Gettysburg was fought on July 1, 2, and 3, when the rebels commenced falling back to Hagerstown . Brigadier-General Knipe, join Smith, the latter moved in the direction of Gettysburg through the mountains, via Pine Grove, in order to make a diversion in favor of Meade by attacking Lee's flank and rear . This movement compelled the latter to keep a large force in line of battle near Cashtown . Smith was ordered by General Meade to join him at Gettysburg. Subsequently it was countermanded, and he followed the retreating army of Lee, via Altodale, to the vicinity of Waynesborough, where we effected a junction with one of Meade's brigades, under Brigadier-General Neill. Smith's division was mostly composed of New York troops, including one brigade of Pennsylvania emergency men, under Colonel Brisbane, acting Brigadier-General Smith . Major-General Sigel was assigned to duty in this department, and took command of the rendezvous at Reading . Major-General Stahel was present as chief of cavalry . Major-General Dana, on duty at Philadelphia, reported to me at Chambersburg, on the 11th, and was assigned to the command of the Second Division, composed of Pennsylvania militia, excepting two

New York regiments, under the command of Brigadier-General Yates.

