
Colonels Beaver and Miles, both of the Second Army Corps, dangerously wounded at Chancellorsville, commanded Camps Curtin and Huntington. Colonel Pierce, Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, who had succeeded Milroy, killed, wounded, and captured a company of rebel cavalry at McConnellsburg. On July 5 Captain Jones, First New York Cavalry, attacked Lee's wagon train near Greencastle, and brought off 645 prisoners, 300 of whom were wounded, 90 wagons, and 1 piece of artillery. Had Colonel Pierce fully carried out my instructions, he would have inflicted very heavy loss upon the rebels, in breaking up their trains. He seen it nearly 1, 000 prisoners; General Smith about 300, with some wagons and horses. This officer joined his force with those of General Meade, the latter having under advisement the breaking up of this division and distributing the regiments among the brigades of his army. This course was recommended to that officer and approved by General Smith. Lee, however, recrossed the Potomac before it was accomplished. Thus ended, disastrously to the enemy, their invasion of Maryland and Pennsylvania. I received from Governor Curtin and State officers every assistance. Among the latter, more prominently were Colonel John A. Wright, aide-de- camp; Honorable Williams M. Meredith, attorney- general; Adjutant- General [A. L.] Russel, Commissary- General Irwin, General Cameron, Colonel T. A. Scott, Judge Watts, Honorable Charles McAllister, Colonel McClure, Judge [Francis M.] Kimmell, Colonel Stumbaugh, and J. N. Du Barry, together with a very great number of gentlemen residing within the limits of the department, who lent their assistance in working for the common cause. The Governor of New York pushed forward his regiments with alacrity. They were generally armed and equipped ready for field service, and their arrival brought confidence. Among the patriotic associations in the country, the Union League, of Philadelphia, is not surpassed for its vigor and efficient labor. It alone placed several regiments in the field. The militia of Pennsylvania raised to resist the invasion was composed of men from all classes and professions, and was a fine body of men . My thanks are due the following-named gentlemen, who freely gave their services to the State, and served as volunteers on my staff; they were stationed in various section of the department:Lieutenant Colonel Henry Coppee, military secretary; Major Wilson and Wayne MacVeagh; Capts. David McConaughy, W. A. H. Lewis, and A. Wright; and Cadets [Reuben W.] Petrikin, [William]Krause, and [Charles W.]Raymond, from West Point, extra aides-de-camp. New York sent nineteen regiments and one battery, commanded by the following brigadier-generals: Brigadier-Generals Hall, Yates, Ewen, Crooke, and Smith . Pennsylvania furnished eight regiments of emergency men, twenty-two regiments of three months' militia, five companies of artillery, one battalion of six months' infantry, two regiments and one battalion of six-months' cavalry, and one battalion of three-months' cavalry. The three-months' men were generally organized between July 4 and 11 of the same month . New Jersey sent one battalion of infantry that remainder until after the invasion . Number of prisoners reported, 1, 341, of whom nearly 500 were

