
be transported across the Potomac and placed under command of the guns on Maryland Heights. About 12 o'clock, Generals Milroy and Elliott, and Colonel McReynolds, with a number of officers and men, arrived from the Winchester battle-field, and parties continued to come in during the day. All the forces from Martinsburg and Winchester were ordered to cross to the Maryland side and bivouac under the guns of Fort Duncan. June 16. -Milroy's forces having all probably arrived, and the transportation of supplies across the Potomac having been mainly accomplished, Kenly's brigade was ordered to cross the river, and take post on Maryland Heights. Orders issued brigading the entire command into three brigades of infantry and one of cavalry ; the last was done in consequence of the cavalry being made up of detachments from five regiments, although the entire force will be less than 1, 000. The infantry brigades were assigned to Brigadier -Generals Kenly, Elliott, and Morris, and the cavalry to Colonel McReynolds, First New York Cavalry. Made an inspection of Fort Duncan, found the work incomplete; embrasures and magazines unfinished and comparatively useless. Inspected the works on Maryland Heights, and was much disappointed in them. The are imperfectly constructed, and, to, my mind, in part injudiciously located, and will require entire remodeling, which I fear there is not time to make Telegraphed to department headquarters asking that Colonel W. F. Raynolds, U. S. Engineers, be ordered to report to me at once, and received answer that he would be up in next train. General Milroy's command about 1, 500 men, turned over to me by Brigadier -General Elliott, in obedience to orders from department headquarters. The entire force to-day in and around Harper's Ferry, including 1, 500 of Milroy's men, amounted to 4, 680 men, and I have so reported to General Schenck and to Washington . General Kenly's pickets about 1 o'clock reported the enemy in force at Halltown, 2 and 1/2 miles to the front. Captain Vernon, with his company of Maryland cavalry at Charlestown, at 10 a. m. was summoned to surrender by Major-General Rodes, rebel army, and Captain Vernon reports Rodes in force within 8 miles of Bolivar Heights. Ordered troops under arms at 2, 30 o'clock to=morrow morning, to be prepared for an attack. General officers were notified what each be expected to do in case of an attack. June 17. -Officers with instruments from signal corps reported, and were ordered to prepare a station on Maryland Heights, and to report all changes and movements of rebel troops discovered in the Valley. Ordered a picket guard of 200 men, with a signal officer, to take post 3 miles to the front, on the Maryland Heights ridge, at a point were the Pleasant Valley road leads on the ridge, at a surprise from that direction. Ordered a picket of 100 infantry and 20 cavalry in advance of the John Brown School-House, half way between Antietam and Fort Duncan. Detail for engineer duty, improving fortifications, throwing up earthworks, constructing rifle-pits, &amp;c., 1, 500 men. These men report to Colonel W. F. Raynolds, U. S. Engineering, who has charge of the entire works. Two regiments arrived from the Relay House, and were assigned to Kenly's brigade. Rumors during the day of an advance on Harper's Ferry by way of Halltown, but without foundation. Rodes' scouts came into Halltown, but no force appeared in that direction. Captain Means had a skirmish with Mosby's or White cavalry near Point of Rocks.

