
orders to march at daylight, and the rest of the troops were moved to Leitersburg, excepting the command of Colonel Frick, which was ordered from Ringgold to Chewsville. During the night an order came for General Neill to join the Army of the Potomac at once, and, as no instruction were sent to me, I ordered Colonel Brisbane to remain at Waynesborough, to guard my communications, and moved with what force I had with me to Cavetown. After positing my troops there, I reported in person to General Meade, and recommended to him to divide my command among the old division of the Army of the Potomac before the anticipated battle . Under the supposition that this was to be done, I ordered Colonel Brisbane to Hagerstown, and moved with the rest of the command to the Boonsborough turnpike near Beaver Creek . General Meade declined to distribute the militia, and I remained until Wednesday morning, when I received orders to send the New York State militia home, via Frederick, and these necessary orders were given . The Pennsylvania militia were concentrated at Hagerstown, under Colonel Brisbane, who was appointed military governor, with instructions to watch the ford at Williamsport and Falling Waters . Before closing, I must call to the remembrance of the general commanding the force that I moved without a quartermaster or commissary, without supply trains, some regiments even being without haversacks, and with no adequate transportation of the cooking utensils of the men, and must pay the proper tribute to the general behavior of the troops during long marches, in rainy weather and without sufficient food . The rugged mountain roads left many of them barefooted, but the greater portion of the command seemed animated by a desire to do all that was required in the service of their country . Colonel Brisbane deserves special mention for the manner in which he managed and led his command, and I earnestly recommend him to notice. Captain Boyd, First New York Cavalry, also did gallant service with his small force . I am much indebted to Captain M. A. Reno, U. S. Cavalry, who acted as my chief of staff; to Lieutenant Muhlenberg, my chief of artillery ; to Lieut, Rufus King, Fourth U. S. Artillery, and to Lieutenant Johnson, U. S. Cavalry, for their services. To my own aides-Lieutenants [Matthew] Berry and [Campbell] Tucker, and the following gentlemen, who were volunteer aides:Colonel McCormick, Captains P. C. F. West and Lamborn, Lieuts. Samuel Carey, F. Rogers, and - Evans, and Mr. Ward - I am indebted for zealous and defatigable service . Dr. John Neill, medical director of the division, was particularly watchful and efficient in the discharge of his duties.

Very respectfully,

Wm. F. SMITH,

Brigadier-General .

ADDENDA.

Memorandum of operations in Pennsylvania and Maryland, June 24-July 15, 1863.

Wednesday, June 24, 1863. - From Altoona to Bloody Run, to inspect the force of General Milroy. Left Bloody Run at 11p. m., and arrived at Harrisburg on Thursday, June 25, at 1 p. m. Friday, 26th, Saturday, 27th, Sunday, 28th, Monday, 29th, Tuesday, 30th. -Were spent on the fortifications apposite Harrisburg .

