
In addition to the three works on the hill, the engine-house of the Cumberland Valley Railroad was pierced for musketry, and the doors barricaded with cross-ties and sand-bags, with embrasures for two pieces commanding the railroad . The rock cut of the Northern Central Railroad under the fort was barricaded, rifle-pits constructed on the top of the cut and in several positions occupied by the troops down the river and in front of the small work on the hill . The narrow pass of the railroad (Northern Central), and the common road at the end of the North Mountain, on the river, 1 mile below the end of the Pennsylvania Railroad bridge was filled by a small work of rock, earth, and sand-bags. The position was naturally a very strong one . General Yates with -, a Marysville, to secure the Pennsylvania and Northern Central Railroad bridges from attack by way of Sterritt's Gap or other passes in the North Mountain. A reconnaissance was made on the 30th by -, under command of Colonel Brisbane, with one section of Landi's battery, to Sporting Hill, 4 miles beyond Oyster Point, which resulted in a skirmish, in which we had 4 wounded . Wednesday, July 1. - The brigades of General Ewen and Colonel Brisbane, with Landis' battery, moved to Carlisle . General Knipe's brigade left later, 1, 30 p. m., and encamped at Silver Springs . Their rear of General Ewen's command reached Carlisle about dusk. Colonel Brisbane was already there . Half an hour later, General Fitzhugh Lee, with a force of 3, 300(?) cavalry and seven guns, approached the town from the direction of Mechanicsburg, not knowing, that any of our forces occupied the place . Shots were exchanged with our pickets, and several shell were thrown over the town, and one of two up the Railroad street into the square . Landis' battery, posted in the square, replied by three shots . A flag of truce came in from Lee, demanding the surrender of the town or the removal of the women and children, to which General Smith made answer that the women and children would be removed . The shelling was resumed, 134 shots being fired by the enemy, Several houses were damaged ; -men wounded and 1 horse killed. To a second flag of truce, the answer was returned that an answer had been already given to the same demanded. Captain Dougherty, an aide of General Smith, was captured on the Harrisburg roads as he was attempting to get out to communicate with General Knipe. He was immediately sent in with another flag, principally to give the impression that Lee's force was very large, and could easily destroy the town . The enemy sent fire to a board-yard near the gas-works, to the gasworks, and to the barracks, all of which were consumed . Mr. Ward, another aide, seceded in the getting through to General Knipe ; his orderly was captured . Captain Dougherty's orderly was shot . At 12 o'clock the firing ceased, and was not resumed, excepting by the enemy firing three parting shots at 3 a. m., when they moved off toward Mount Holly. They had a heavy wagon train, which moved off at 1 a. m. Some of the citizens did good service in the skirmish line as volunteers. No citizens were injured by the shelling . Thursday, 2d. -The troops were all moved out the burned barracks. Friday, July 3. -The troops remained at barracks all day, waiting

