
for provisions, the supply trains having been prevented from arriving by the occupation of the road by the enemy on the 1st and 2nd of July. The attempt to procure provisions from the citizens was only partially successful. Supplies arrived by railroad on the evening of the 3d. Saturday, July 4. - The whole command, consisting of the brigade of Colonel Brisbane, Twenty-eight and Thirtieth Pennsylvania Gray Reserves Regiments, and Blue Reserves, 2, 500 men ; General Knipe, Eight, Seventy-first, Fifty-sixth, and Twenty-third New York Regiments, - men, and General Ewen's brigade, Thirty-seventh, Twenty-second, and Eleventh New York Regiments, with Landis' Philadelphia battery of six pieces, and Miller's Philadelphia howitzer battery of four pieces, left Carlisle at 6 a. m., and moved by the Papertown road, 6 and 1/2 miles to Mount Holly . There a detention of two hours was caused by the arrival of a flag of truce, escorting 2, 000 paroled prisoners captured by the rebels at Gettysburg in the first day's fight . They were received and sent to the rear . Among them was Captain Dougherty and a number of stragglers of New York Regiments, who had been picket up on July 1, on the road coming into Carlisle. The Thirty-seventh New York Regiment, 400 strong, was left at Mount Holly, to watch the Carlisle and Baltimore turnpike . The remainder of the force was moved on 6 and 1/4 miles to Laurel Forge, where General Ewen's brigade was left to watch the road form Mount Holly to Pine Grove and that from Laurel Forge to Bendersville, over the mountain . The other brigades were moved on to Pine Grove Iron Works, 2 and 1/4 miles farther, the advance reaching that point at 6 p. m. Very heavy rain fell from 1 p. m., making the roads very difficult for the artillery and trains . On arriving at Pine Grove, the Eight New York Regiment was sent out to hold the road to Bendersville, where it crosses the mountain south of Pine Grove . Sunday, July 5. - The troops were moved from Pine Grove at 8 a. m. over the mountain, on the Bendersville road, General Knipe's brigade, with one section of artillery, being placed at the intersection of this road with the road from Holly Springs to Shippensburg, and Colonel Brisbane's brigade on a wood road leading into the Shippensburg road . Ewen's brigade moved from Laurel Forge in the morning, by a road across the mountain, to a point where the road from Holly Springs to Shippensburg is crossed by the road from Laurel Forge to Bendersville . The Thirty-seventh New York was ordered to move to the fork of the road, 2 miles below Mount Holly, where the Gettysburg road comes into the Pine Grove road . Owing to the movements of the enemy, this regiment was afterward withdrawn, and rejoined the main body . Minuet, July 6. - All the troops moved by different roads to Newmans' Cut, on the turnpike between Gettysburg and Chambersburg, 4 miles east of Cashtown, where they were concentrated during the evening . Tuesday, July 7. - Orders were received from General Meade to move the command to Gettysburg, but just as the troops were about starting, the order was changed, and the head of the column left Newman's Cut at 11 a. m. for Alto Furnace, where the whole force arrived, from 5 to 7 o'clock . Lieutenant Stanwood, with 100 cavalry, crossed

15 R R -VOL XXVII, PT II

