
to the same point by the way of Caledonia Springs . A scout sent out reported at 8. 30 p. m. that the Twelfth Corps occupied Waynesborough . Wednesday, July 8. - Moved from Aldodale at 11 a. m. ; reached Waynesborough in the afternoon. Two regiments, under Colonel Frick, arrived after dark . The whole force was encamped in line of battle on the right (Colonel Bisbane) and left (New York troops) of the road to Hagerstown, a mile and a half out of Waynesborough. The force at Waynesborough was found to be not the Twelfth Corps, but a small force of infantry, cavalry, and artillery, under General Milroy . Thursday, July 9. - Was spent in Waynesborough . Two regiments of Colonel Frick's were sent to Ringgold, in Maryland . Friday, July 10 . - A reconnaissance by General Neill's cavalry found the enemy in force on the right bank of the Antietam, below Leiterburg . An examination of the country from Franklin Cliff, Md., informed us that a large force of the enemy was encamped on high ground, 2 and 1/2 miles from Hagerstown, on the Waynesborough road, and a smaller force on the Boonsborough road, near Hagerstown. No earthworks could be discovered, nor any earthworks on the ridge toward Williamsport . No movements were visible on the Williamsport road . The supply train arrived in the evening . The short marches and the delay at Waynesborough were caused by the want of provisions and the impossibility of bringing up the supply trains with sufficient celerity . Every effort was made to supply the command with rations from the country people, but with little success, the rebels having cleaned out the region . Orders had been issued to the command to be in readiness to move, but a dispatch was received on the evening of the 10th, from General Meade, ordering that the commands of General Milroy and General Smith should remain at Waynesborough, to occupy the enemy or to join General Meade or General Couch, as the movements of the enemy might permit to require . According to this dispatch, General Meade's right wing was to be on the Boonsborough and Hagerstown turnpike, between Antietam and Beaver Creek, and his left at Bakersville, on the evening of the 10th . Saturday, July 11. - Colonel Brisbane with the Gray reserves and Twenty-eight Pennsylvania, supported by the Sixty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, of General Neill's command, made a reconnaissance to Marsh Mill, within the enemy's lines of the day before, about 4, miles from camp . He destroyed 24 barrels of flour which had been ground for the rebels, and all the grain (100 bushels) in the mill. The pater returned about dark . The whole command, excepting these troops engaged under Colonel Brisbane, moved at dusk to Leitersburg, and encamped there for the night . Sunday, July 12. -The command (excepting Colonel Brisbane's) left Leitersburg at 6 a. m., and reached Cavetown at noon. Colonel Brisbane moved from Waynesborough. Colonel Frick moved to Chewsville . Monday, 13th. - The force at Cavetown, under the temporary command of General Knipe for the march, moved to a point near Smoketown. The orders were to go to Benevola, where Beaver Creek crosses the Boonsborough and Hagerstown turnpike, but they were not understood . The Blue Reserves took part in a skirmish under General Kilpatrick, near Hagerstown, with a loss of 1 killed and 9

wounded .

