
that most of our New York regiments arrived at Harrisburg before a single regiment reached there from Philadelphia, and were immediately sent forward to cover all the approaches to that city, and they effectually prevented the farther advance of the rebel army. During the absence of all these regiments of my division, on the 13th of July last, a riot of the most serious character occurred (in consequence of the commencement of the United States draft), which for three or four days was more disgraceful in its character and more serious in its consequence than any before known in our city, and which could not have lasted twelve hours if one- third of our regiments had been at home at its commencement. Upon the first alarm, upon the requisition of his honor the mayor, the whole of the division remaining in the city was ordered on duty, but the absence of over 8, 000 men at the seat of was had left me with so small a force, that my means were entirely inadequate to the magnitude of the occasion. In this emergency, Major- General Wool, commanding the Department of the East, in a most liberal spirit, immediately proffered the aid of the United States detachments in the harbor, and to report to me for duty. The following is a copy of this orders:
SPECIAL ORDERS.]

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST, New York, July 13, 1863. All the troops called out for the protection of the city are place under the command of Major- General Sanford, whose orders they will implicitly obey.

By command of Major-General Woll.

C. T . CHISTENSEN,Assistant Adjutant- General.

With the remnant of the division, and the first of these re- enforcement from General Wool, detachments were sent to all parts of the city, and the rioters were everywhere beaten and dispersed. The north and west sides of the city were effectually cleared of rioters by detachments sent by me from the arsenal. In Broadway, Forty -second, Twenty- seventh, Twenty- ninth, Thirtieth, Thirty- first, and Thirty-second streets, Seventh, Eight, Ninth, and Tenth avenues, mobs were attacked, and in every instance defeated or dispersed. No blank cartridges were issued to or used by any of the troops under my orders. The gas-works, in Eighteenth and Nineteenth streets, and also upon the East River, Webb's shipyards, and the various manufactories threatened by the rioters, were fully protected, and numerous fires in buildings occupied by colored people and others obnoxious to the mob, were extinguished by the fire men after the rioters were dispersed. In these encounters, I regret to report that Major [Henry S.]Fearing, of my staff, was very seriously wounded while gallantly leading a charge upon the mob in Forty-second street, and 1 private soldier was killed, and 22 officer and men dangerously, and 53 slightly, wounded, at the barricades erected by the rioters in Twenty-ninth street, and in other conflicts which followed. The whole of the force remaining with me at the arsenal was kept on duty day and night during the whole period, and twenty-six detachments, at different times, were sent out to disperse the rioters and protect private and public property. This division has always been so organized as to be ready upon any emergency to effectually suppress all riots or insurrections, and the citizens of New York know that they can safely repose under its

