
protection . The absence of the thirteen regiments above mentioned, and of sex regiments of the division which volunteered for the war. alone gave temporary success to the rioters. As soon as our regiments could be recalled, they returned to the city, and the rioters were then entirely dispersed ; but most of the regiments were kept on duty during the residue of the month of July, and some of them until the middle of August . On the 17th, of August last, I received requisitions from the mayor of the city and the police commissioners, in apprehension of a riot on the renewal of the draft, which was appointed to take place in this city on the 19th of August last, requesting me to call out the First Division to aid the civil authorities in preserving the place and suppressing any tumult, riot, or insurrection during the draft. In pursuance of these requisitions, the whole division was called out, and stationed by regiments and detachments in various part of the city, from the High Bridge to the Battery, and was kept on duty until the 5th of September, and a small detachment from each regiment until the 15th of September . In consequence of this precaution, the draft proceeded without any interruption or breach of the peace . A division parade took place on the 1st day of October last, by request of the common council of the city, for the purpose of uniting in the reception of Rear-Admiral Lesoffsky and his officers of the Russian fleet, upon their first visit to the harbor of New York . In consequence of the large amount of duty performed by the division during the year, the usual division parade upon the 25th of November was omitted. The ordinary inspection parades of the several regiments and brigades took place as usual, of which returns have been heretofore transmitted to your office .

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Chas. W. SANDFORD,

Major-General.

Brig. General JOHN. T. SPRAGUE,

Adjutant-General, State of New York . -

No. 409. Report of Brigadier General Charles Yates, commanding Second Brigade, New York State National Guard, of operations June 18 July 18.

HDQRS . 2nd BRIG., NEW YORK STATE NATIONAL GUARD, New York, September 30, 1863.

GENERAL: Herewith I transmit the reports of the several commandants of regiments of this brigade, detailing the duties assigned to them while in the service of the United States in June and July last: On the 18th of June I ordered Major Gardiner, of my staff, to repair immediately to Harrisburg, to attend to the several regiments on their arrival there . On the 20th of June, I arrived at Harrisburg with my staff and reported immediately to Major-General Couch, pursuant to your orders . The Fifth, Twelfth, and Fourth Regiments arrived there at about the same time . The day following our arrival, the Fourth was placed on detached service at Camp Curtin and elsewhere, and was not under my command during any portion of the residue of the term of service .

