
burg, where it was further re-enforced by the Twenty-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Militia and battery of United States artillery. It then comprised the Fifth and Twelfth New York National Guard and the Twentieth, Twenty-sixth, Thirty-fifth, and Forty-fifth Pennsylvania Militia and Battery-, [Fifth] U. S. Artillery, and numbered near 4, 300 officers, non-commissioned officers, and men. From Chambersburg our brigade and the other brigades of the Second Division were marched to Greencastle. To whole division comprised about 12, 000 men . On the arrival of the division at Greencastle, we learned that General Lee had crossed the Potomac, with the whole rebel army . In consequence of this, and near expiration of our term of service, I received orders to proceed the next day with the Fifth and Twelfth Regiments by march to Shippensburg, and thence by rail to New York, and report to Major-General 	Wool, commanding the Department of the East . We arrived at New York on the evening and night of the 18th, and reported accordingly . The regiments did duty at New York until they were mustered out of service . The members of the brigade staff were unremitting in the discharge of the duties of their several departments, and performed them with very great regularity . To them as well as to Colonel Burger, commanding the Fifth, and and Colonel Ward, commanding the Twelfth, and their officers and men, and to the officers and men of the several commands attached to my brigade, my acknowledgments are due for the faithful discharge of the several duties assigned to them .

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. YATES,

Brig. General Comdg. 2nd Brig., New York State National Guard.

Major General CHARLES W. SANDFORD, Commanding First Division, New York State Militia. -

No. 410. Report of Brigadier General William Hall, commanding Third Brigade, New York State National Guard, of operations June 15-July 18. -,

--, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you the condition of the Third Brigade of the First Division composed of the Seventh, Eight, Thirty-seventh, and Fifty-fifth Regiments New York State National Guard . At the annual inspection held on the 9th, 12th, 14th, and 16th days of October last, 1, 929 were reported as present, and 621 as absent, making a total of 2, 550 men, which is a large increase in numbers over the last year . The particulars of said inspection are contained in the brigade major's report made heretofore to the adjutant-general to which Your Excellency is respectfully referred. It may be not be deemed inappropriate for me to refer somewhat particularly to the service performed by this brigade in the months of June and July last, at a period when a loyal State was invaded by an armed foe, threatening to despoil its citizens, to destroy its towns and cities, and set at defiance the authorities of both the local and general governments . On the 15day of June last, I received from your a telegraphic dispatch, as the commander-in-chief of the militia force of the State of New York, to proceed with my brigade, as speedily as possible,

