
received a telegram from General Couch to return and resume my former command . I left the brigade at Carlisle, under the command of Brigadier-General Crooke, who proceeded with to Chambersburg . On my return, I found in the forts five companies of New Jersey troops (a very fine body of men), two companies of the Fourth Regiment of Artillery, New York State National Guard, one company of the Eight Regiment, under the command of Captain [Robert] Brown, New York State National Guard, and one company from Philadelphia. On the 11th day of July, the Sixty-fifth Regiment, of Buffalo, reached the forts en route for home . It was detained some days on account of the difficulty then existing to procure transportation . On the 14th, the startling intelligence reached me that the city of New York was in a state of insubordination . Knowing the small military force left to defend that city from internal foes, and believing it important that relief should be sent there at the earliest possible moment, I sought and obtained permission of General Couch to send this regiments there . It accordingly left my headquarters at daylight on the morning of the 15th, and arrived in the city of New York at about 4 o'clock in the afternoon of the same day . The alarm produced by continued unfavorable reports in reference to the insecurity of the lives and property of the citizens of the city of New York, induced General Couch to issue a general order directing the speedy return of all the New York and New Jersey regiments. This order was executed on the 18th, and the New York regiments reached the city the same evening. I cannot forbear expressing my obligations to Captain B. Frishmuth, commanding an independent company in the city of Philadelphia, for permission to bring with my command from that city a battery of our guns of artillery, the private property of his company, believing they might be of service in restoring municipal order in the metropolis. During my operations in Pennsylvania, I was greatly assisted by Colonel Pierson and Colonel Cone, both of the city of New York, who volunteered as members of my staff . Their experience and skill in military affairs deserve acknowledgements . I herewith have the honor to inclose the reports of the colonels of the Seventh, Eight, Thirty-seventh, and Fifty-fifth Regiments, of their services during the expedition. I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant, WM. HALL, Comdg. Third Brigade, New York State National Guard. His Excellency HORATIO SEYMOUR, Gov. of the State of New York, and Commander-in-Chief. -

No. 411. Report of Brig. General John Ewen, commanding Fourth Brigade, New York State National Guard, of operations June 18-July 18.

HDQRS. 4TH BRIG., NEW YORK STATE NATIONAL GUARD, New York, December 25, 1863.

GENERAL: In accordance with your request, I have the honor to submit the following report of the short campaign of my command

