
hard pressed, retire to the fort, where a more effectual stand could be made . Desiring to avoid such contingency, I solicited and obtained from him, June 29, a section of light battery, posting it on the turnpike, supported on each side by the Eleventh and Thirty-seventh Regiments in the trenches. The Twenty-second regiment being held in reserve, continued the detachments in clearing away the woods in front and completing the rifle-pits, those of the Thirty-seventh being engaged at the latter during the whole of the night of the 29th. On the morning of the 30th, pursuant to orders, requiring the Twenty-second and Thirty-seventh Regiments to be in readiness, without rayons, for a few hours' service, marched these regiments to division headquarters, it being designed to cut off a body of cavalry, acting also as mounted infantry, with artillery, supposed to be posted a fewer miles from camp. After some day, I was directed to proceed with these regiments on the turnpike, General W. F. Smith and staff accompanying. Having marched about 3 miles, and finding no trace of the enemy, the general leave . directing me to return with my command to camp. After proceeding about a mile on my return, I was overtaken by a small company of dragoons, the commandant of which informed me that he had been driven by the enemy, about 3 miles distant . I immediately counter marched, and went in pursuant, employing the dragoons as an advance guard; dispatching an aide to headquarters with intelligence of my information and movement . After proceeding a few miles to a place called Sportsman's [Sporting] Hill, had a skirmish with the enemy, who concealed in a wood on the right of the road, about a quarter of a mile distant, fired a volley of musketry at my command at the moment of halting it . I immediately changed from forward, returning the fire with the Thirty-seventh Regiment, in the direction from which the shots had proceeded, and advanced that regiments about 30 yards into a whitfield, which concealed it from the observation of the enemy, holding the Twenty-second in reserve. The enemy then ceased firing with small-arms, and commenced throwing shell from the woods, which, passe dover us. At this time a section of a battery, called Landis' battery, belonging to a company of gentlemen from Philadelphia, came up, under command of Lieutenant Rufus King, of the army, serving on General W. F. Smith's staff. I immediately posted one piece in the road, and the other in rear of a dueling to the right of the road, the side from which the enemy's fire came . After a few rounds, the enemy ceased firing and field . It being a cavalry force, we were unable to pursue. During this skirmish there were several discharges of artillery on our left, demonstrating the existence of a body of the enemy in that direction, not very far distant, and, excepting an immediate attack from that quarter, I changed front to rear with the Twenty-second Regiment, to be in readiness to meet and repel it . On the retreat of the force with which we had been contending, the firing from the other force ceased . The discharges of artillery on our left had evidently been designed as an intimidation to us, or a signal to the other force of the enemy to retire . The casualties in my command were a few officers and men of the Thirty-seventh slightly wounded . After remaining one on the field, and hearing no sound from the enemy. I proceeded to return to camp. On arriving at the inter-

