
section of the two roads leading from Carlisle, called Oyster Point, about 3 miles from Fort Washington, I received orders from headquarters directing me to follow up the enemy . It was then dark. My command had had no food since breakfast, and was destitute of rations and blankets . A considerable portion had also been working in the trenches during the preceding night. I found it, therefore, impracticable to proceed until rations should be procured, for which requisition was immediately made ; but owing to the delay in procuring and preparing the same, it was daylight before a meal could be obtained; immediately after which I marched for Carlisle, both regiments manifesting dissatisfaction in consequence of being without knapsacks and haversacks, and the privations and fatigue which they had already undergone The column advanced, with the Thirty-seventh Regiment on the right, precede by a company of the Twenty-second Regiment, commanded by Captain Asa Bird Gardiner, as an advance guard, and by skirmishers also from that regiment. After proceeding about a mile beyond Sportsman's [Sporting] Hill, I learned from a farmer residing in the vicinity that the force on our left the preceding evening consisted of a body of about 3, 500 cavalry, with fields pieces, and had occupied the road leading from Carlisle to Oyster Point, called the Mud road, and that it had retired ; and on advancing about 2 miles farther, I learned from citizens returning in wagons from Carlisle, on their way to Harrisburg, that the force we had encountered the night before had passed rapidly through Carlisle about daylight, carrying with them a number of killed and wounded in ambulances. This information being soon after confirmed, the skirmishers were called in, enabling the column to proceed more rapidly . It arrived at Carlisle about 3 o'clock in the afternoon, the march having been about 13miles . The troops were refreshed at the small villages along the march by the inhabitant, who were kindly at their doors with offering of food . About 6 p. m. there was a report that the enemy was returning to Carlisle . An aide was dispatched to hurry up re-enforcements which might be on the rad, while I proceed with my command about a mile south of the town, and occupied a position on the main road, on the brow of a hill overlooking a broad valley . Soon after, reports of artillery were heard in our rear, and the flash and smoke of the guns were visible along the hills north of Carlisle . Just then I received intelligence of the arrival, at Carilsle, of General W. F. Smith, and two regiments of Pennsylvania militia, under Colonel Brisbane, accompanied by directions for my immediate return . On returning to Carlisle, the regiments were subdivided into detachments, to guard the several approaches to the town. The Pennsylvania regiments were posted on the northerly portion, the Thirty-seventh Regiment, with one field piece, guarded the central portion, under the immediate command of General Smith, and the Twenty-second Regiment, with the remaining field piece, the southerly portion of the town, under my immediate command, skirmishers being also thrown out . Before these dispositions were perfected, which was not until after dark, the enemy commenced shelling from his position opposite the east side of the town, doing however, little damage, the shells mostly

