
available regiment might have approached it very closely under cover of the darkness, and poured in upon a very destructive fire. From, the south side of the town, the sound of the wheels of the enemy's artillery were distinctly heard on his retirement. July 4, my command, consisting of the Eleventh, Twenty-second, and Thirty-seventh Regiments National Guard, marched with the division from Carlisle, forming the rear guard. At Papartown, directed Colonel Roome to report with his regiment to General W. F. Smith for special duty in guarding roads in that vicinity . Reached Laurel Forge, in the mountains of Pennsylvania, on the evening of the 5th of July . July 6, about daylight, received an accession to my command by the arrival of the Thirteenth and Twenty-eight Regiments, of the Fifth Brigade, New York State National Guard, of Brooklyn, under command of Brig. General Philip S. Crooke, and on the evening of this day the Thirty-seventh Regiment rejoined my command . I proceeded with the two brigades, as the rear of the division, to Newman's Gap, Funkstown, and Waynesborough, in Pennsylvania . At the latter place, united with a brigade of the Army of the Potomac, in command of Brigadier-General Neill. July 11, the division resumed march, passing through Petersburg, Cavetown, and Boonsborough, in Maryland, reaching the latter place the evening of the 14th. We had, before leaving Carlisle, heard of the movements of General Meade to cut off Lee's army, and it was the expectation of the commander of our division to arrive in time to take part in the contemplated action ; but, on arriving at Newman's Gap, we learned that the battle Gettysburg had been fought two days previously . My command, during the march from Carlisle, suffered many privations and hardships from lack of food and clothing and exposure to frequent rains, without tents or change of raiment, the men on several occasions having to ford streams to the waist, the baggage, as well as tents, having been left in camp near Fort Washington. I had no clothing myself, excepting a thin suit in which I left camp, expecting to return after a few hours ' absence . My baggage, as well as that of two of th regiments, had been sent for from Carlisle before leaving that place, communication with Harrisburg by railroad having been re-established the proceeding day, but they were stopped by a general officer, who said orders had been given that no baggage should go forward. July 15, news was received of the outbreak in the city of New York, growing out of the intended draft ; and as the presence of the New York troops at home was urgent, and their term of duty had expired, their further services were dispensed with by the following complimentary orders from General Meade and Smith:
SPECIAL ORDERS, No. 190
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 15, 1863. The troops comprising the command of Brig. General W. F. Smith are relieved from further service with the Army of the Potomac, and will be reported to Major-General Couch for instructions . The major-general commanding thanks Brigadier-General Smith and his troops fore their zeal and promptitude, which, amid no little privation, have marked their efforts to render this army all the assistance in their power, and especially commends engagement with the enemy on the 13th instant. By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General .

