
SPECIAL ORDERS, No. -.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, July 15, 1863. Brig. General John Ewen will take command of all the New York troops in this division and proceed with them to Frederick, Md., at which point transportation while be furnished them to New York City . In parting with them, the general commanding must express his admiration of the courage and fortitude with which they have stood the trials and privations of their late marches . By order of Brig. General W. F. Smith:

PRESTON C. W. WEST,

Assistant Adjutant-General . The corps embraced in the foregoing division orders from General W. F. Smith are as follows: Thirteenth Regiment, Colonel John B. Woodward ; Twenty-eight Regiment, Colonel Michael Corps, of the Fifth Brigade, New York State National Guard, of Brooklyn, commanded by Brig. General P. S. Crooke . Twenty-third Regiment Colonel William Everdell, jr. ; Fifty-sixth Regiment, Colonel J. Q. Adams; Fifty-second Regiment, Colonel M. W. Cole, composing the [Eleventh] Brigade, New York State National Guard of Brooklyn, commanded by Brig. General Jesse C. Smith . Eight regiment, Colonel Varian ; Thirty-seventh Regiment, Colonel Charles Roome, of the Third Brigade, New York State National Guard. Seventy-first Regiment[Colonel Benjamin L. Trafford], of the First Brigade, New York State National Guard . Eleventh Regiment, Colonel J. Maidhof; Twenty-second Regiment, Colonel Loyd Aspinwall, of the Fourth Brigade, New York State national guard, and a regiment from the western part of the State whose designation I cannot now call to mind . I immediately proceeded with these troops to Frederick, to take the cars to New York, passing through Middletown and Frederick to the vicinity of the railway station, arriving after dark having marched 25 miles, halting one hour on the way for food and rest . Telegraphed arrival of this force to the Commander-in-Chief at the earliest opportunity, and was desired by him to come immediately to the city . Having learned from the railway superintendent that a telegram had been received from Major-General Couch not to transport us until further orders, next morning received a telegram from General Couch that he had orders to detain us for the present . Telegraphed him of the urgency of our presence in New York, and was in reply desired to report to major-General Halleck, sand obey his orders. Telegraphed General Halleck of the necessity of our immediate departure, and, on the 17th, received this authority to return to New York . We left by the cars in the afternoon, passing through Baltimore and Philadelphia, and arriving in New York on the morning of the 18th, where I reported to the Commander-in-Chief at the Saint Nicholas Hotel . The gentlemen composing my staff during this brief campaign were as follows: Lieutenant Colonel Henderson Grant, Twenty-second Regiment acting assistant adjutant-general ; Drs. H. W. B. Woodhull and D. B. Pardee surgeons ; Capts. Henry S. Van Buren and Charles F. Kingsley, aides-de-camp; Captain[William E.] Jackson, quartermaster ; Cap-

