
tain [William H.] Farrar, Thirty-seventh Regiment, commissary ; Lieutenant Walter Edwards, Twenty-second Regiment, ordnance officer . I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant .

JOHN EWEN,

Brig. General Comdg. 4th Brig., New York State National Guard .

Major General Charles W. SANFORD, Commanding First Division, New York State Militia . -

Numbers 412. Report of Birg. General Philip S. Crooke, commanding Fifth Brigade, Second Division, New York State National Guard, of operations June 15-July 19.

HDQRS. 5TH BRIG ., NEW YORK STATE NATIONAL GUARD, Brooklyn, December 1, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the condition and service of the Eight Brigade for the present year . The inspection returns show the numbers . The Fourteenth Regiments is, and has been since May, 1861, in the United States service, in the Army of the Potomac; has distinguished itself for courage and endurance in many a hard -fought battle-field and many a wearisome march ; its reputation is part of the history of the country, and all the battles of the Army of the Potomac record its bravery and good service. The regiment is now under Colonel E. B. Fowler, who has been in command since 1861, and has proved himself worthy . The aggregate morning report of the 29th October, 1863, shows a total of 514 in the "Brooklyn Fourteenth. "A battalion of artillery had just been organized, under the command of that experienced officer, Major Horace A. Sprague. The battalion is composed of good officer and men, and number about 200. It will prove a valuable corps . The force of the brigade available for service in this State in the month of June, 1863, consisted of the Thirteenth Regiment, Colonel John b. Woodward, twenty-eight regiment, Colonel Michael Corps, and the Seventieth Regiment, Colonel William J. Cropsey ; the first two doing duty as infantry, the Seventieth as cavalry and artillery . On the 15th June, 1863, at 10, p. m., orders were received by me from headquarters to assemble the Thirteenth and Twenty-eight Regiments for short service in Pennsylvania . At 9 a. m. next morning they were ready, and assembled at their armories . On the 20th, they left for Harrisburg . On the 22d, I received orders to join them and make the command . I left here on the 24th; arrived at Harrisburg on the 25th ; reported to Governor Curtin and General D. N. Couch, U. S. Army, having command of all the forces . I was directed by General Couch to report to Brigadier General William Hall, at Fort Washington, opposite Harrisburg . On reporting to General Hall, I was informed that the Thirteenth and Twenty-eight Regiments were at Marysville, about 10 miles north of Harrisburg, on the west bank of the Susquehanna River, and was ordered to report there to General Yates, in command the post .

