
At this time, the rebel forces were in the Pennsylvania, and advancing up the Cumberland Valley toward harrisburg, by way of Carlisle . The roads were filled with people, flocks, and herds, flying from the advance of the enemy, and the people of Harrisburg did not seem prepared or inclined to act on the defensive . The force then available for defense and offense seemed only to be New York Militia . On the 26th June, I reported to General Yates at Marysville, and took command of the Thirteenth and Twenty-eight Regiments. My staff consisted of Major William H. Leaycraft, assistant adjutant-general ; Captain John L. Bergen, aide; Captain James Mooney, brigade quartermaster ; Dr. Thomas McAllister, brigade surgeon . Major Leaycraft, who was appointed by me on this duty, has seen service in the Army of the Potomac, in the Eight-seventh Regiment of Volunteers, and to his knowledge, experience, and soldierly qualities myself and command are much indebted, while his genial and kindly nature endeared him to all who associated with him . Captain Bergen, Captain Mooney, and Dr. Thomas McAllister proved themselves to be all that could have been desired. I beg leave to state that for zeal, capability of endurance, and all other qualifications, mental and physical, they were equal to the service required of them, and they have my thanks for myself and the brigade . The post of Marysville was in a valley on the west bank of the Susquehanna, called Fishing Creek Valley, commanding to railroad bridges and fords . The river here was about a mile wide. The place - an important one - was surrounded on two sides by ranges of mountains, terminating at a gap near Carlisle . The garrison was three regiments Of the Second Brigade New York State National Guard, under General Yates, and the Thirteenth and Twenty-eight . The service of those regiments will be found in their regimental reports, annexed. The duties at Marysville were constant, laborious, and fatiguing . The rebel forces were at Carlisle, and on the south side of the mountain around ; we could hear the sound of cannon, and heard reports of skirmishing around Carlisle, and expected an attack . July 1, at 11 p. m., received orders to break camp and proceed by railroad to Harrisburg, obeyed orders; arrived at harrisburg July 2, at sunrise ; marched to Fort Washington, opposite ; the former garrison marched out . In command of the fort, garrisoned by the Thirteenth and Twenty-eight Regiments, one regiment of Pennsylvania militia, and several corps of New York artillery . The rebels had advanced within sight of Fort Washington, and constant skirmishing had ensued between the advanced post of both forces . We remained thus until july 3, 10 o; clock, when orders arrived to take the railroad to Carlisle that night, leaving everything blankets, haversacks, and arms . Colonel Bennet, of the Twenty-eight, and Major Leaycraft, had been ordered to inspect pickets that evening, which was dark and rainy . At 11 o; clock Colonel Bennet was brought into the fort with this ankle badly broken; his horse had stumbled in the dark and fallen on him . With much sadness he was sent home . He is a good officer, a brave and kind-hearted man, and his absence left a great void in the brigade . The command was assumed by Lieutenant-Colonel [David A.] Bokee, who acquitted himself well. Major [Adam] Schepper had previously been take very 16 R R -VOL XXVII, PT II

