
flowed our road. Here we had to ford about half a mile, in places waist -deep ; the drummer boys and drums where carried. We halted at Holly Springs after dark ; the brigade bivouacked . Next day a muddy, hard, hungry march to laurel Furnace . July 5. - Came up with General John Ewen's brigade (Fourth New York State National Guard), Who took command . Here the horses of myself and staff reached us . We were marched up a mountain road to a pass looking down upon Gettysburg, about 12 miles off. Bivouacked there ; obtained some bread from the inhabitants, who were very kind and considerate . July 6. - Some wagons met us with supplies ; obtained one day's rations; marched on toward the south ; bivouacked in the woods next morning . July 7. - Arrived at Newman's Gap ., on the turnpike from Gettysburg to Chambersburg ; met General W. F. Smith, U. S. Army, Commanding Army of the Susquehanna; saw traces of the battle of Gettysburg in broken caissons, &amp;c. ; marched forward on the track of Lee's army ; turned of the turnpike to the south ; bivouacked at Funkstown; terrible rain-storm all night and until 10 a. m. July 8 . - But little to eat ; marched on to Waynesborough, near to maryland line, a considerable village, where we found the Sixth Army of Corps of the Potomac bivouacked on the hills south of the village . July 9, 10, 11. - Pleasant weather, and rations just before sundown orders to march; marched; forded Antietam Creek, the timber of the brigade, burned by the rebels, yet smoking ; 11 p. m. bivouacked at Leitersburg, in a clover-field . July 12. - Marched to Cavetown ; tremendous storm of rain, thunder and daylight ; bivouacked there . July 13. - Marched through Smoketown and Mount Pleasant to Boonsborough, Md. There we met several members of the Fifth Brigade, now in the United States service ; Colonel Brewster, of the Excelsior Brigade, Captain E. D. Taft, commanding battery, both of whom distinguished themselves at Gettysburg . Here we were informed that Lee's army had escaped over the Potomac, and we were ordered home ; marched to Frederick, Md. The march was very ratiguing, and Christian Hemming, a private of the Twenty-eight, did form exhaustion . July 15. - Arrived at Frederick, and bivouacked south of the city remained there until July 17; passed by railroad to Baltimore . July 18. - Arrived at Philadelphia . July 19. - Arrived at New York. We were met on the wharf with orders from the Commander-in-Chief to report for duty in Brooklyn, and remained on duty until September 6, in the protection of the peace and property of Kings County, in all of which the whole of my command acquitted themselves as good soldiers and citizens, and did good service . The Seventieth Regiment, remaining at home, were on duty guarding the State arsenal, at Brooklyn, and assisting in preserving the peace during July, until September 6, faithfully and zealously, and also are entitled to the same credit . Their colonel, William J. Cropsey, is an energetic and reliable officer, and the officers and men are of almost respectable class of citizens . It is a valuable corps for home service . The Thirteenth and Twenty-eight Regiments had been in the United States service, in 1861; the Thirteenth also, in 1862. Many

