
No. 414. Report of Colonel Marshall Lefferts, Seventh Regiment New York State National Guard, of operations June 16-July 18, including the Draft Riots.
HEADQUARTERS NEW YORK NATIONAL GUARD,New York, October --, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, on the morning of the 16th

June, I received the following telegram:

ALBANY, June 15--7. 15 p. m.

Colonel MARSHALL LEFFERTS,

Seventh Regiment New York State National Guard:

The Governor desires to know immediately how soon the Seventh Regiment can be in readiness to move to Philadelphia. Cannot the Seventh be the first regiment?

B. STONEHOUSE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

As I was absent from the city, I did not receive this dispatch until the next morning at 10 o'clock, when I answered as follows:

New York, June 16--10 a. m.

J. B. STONEHOUSE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Albany:

Have just arrived in the city, and have your telegram. I presume I can move with my regiment this evening. In order to carry full complement of men, it is necessary that I should be able to state to them definitely the time they will be required to be absent, and it will be difficult for them to remain any length of time, leaving on such short notice. Can they volunteer without being mustered into the service of the United States?

M. LEFFERTS,

Colonel, Commanding Seventh Regiment.

To which I received the following answer:

ALBANY, June 15--10. 55 a. m.

Colonel MARSHALL LEFFERTS:

T

he Governor directs that you proceed forthwith with your regiment, as full as possible, to Harrisburg, Pa., and report to Major-General Couch. They volunteer for a time not to exceed three months' service; most likely not more than thirty days will be required. Requisition for transportation will be made upon Major Van Vliet, Numbers 6 State street and for subsistence upon Colonel A. B Eaton, 7 State street.

JOHN T. SPRAGUE,

Adjutant-General.

Upon receipt of this telegram, my order for assembling the officers and men was promulgated, and requisition made for transportation to be in readiness, and we should have taken our departure, but General Hall, who did not know of my orders to move immediately. went to the armory, and dismissed the men until the following morning, of which I promptly advised you by telegraph.

At an early hour on the morning of the 17th of June, we left the city, via Amboy, with a total of 583 men, but, in consequence of delays on the road, did not reach Philadelphia until late in the afternoon. At this point, I was requested to rep. ort to Colonel Ruff, U. S. Army, commanding at Philadelphia, who reformed me that I should proceed to Baitimore, in conformity with the following order:
HEADQUARTERS,Philadelphia, Pa., June 17, 1863.

Commanding Officer Seventh Regiment New York State Militia:

SIR: You will proceed without delay to Baltimore, Md. Report, on the arrival of your regiment, to Major General Robert C. Schenck, U. S. Volunteers, commanding that

