
Frederick to South Mountain - Hagerstown - and pressing the rebel army to Williamsport, our duties were active, I trust, faithfully performed . On July 14, I received the following order at 4 p. m. ; called in the various detachments, and marched to Monocacy Junction:
HEADQUARTERS, Frederick, July 14, 1863.

Colonel LEFFERTS,Commanding Seventh Regiment New York State Militia:

SIR: Major-General Halleck direct that the Seventh Regiment New York State Militia be sent to New York, by railroad, to report to Major-General Wool. You will please take immediate measures to carry out this order.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Inspector-General.

I had been already notified by telegraph of the disgraceful riot in New York City, and, on the receipt of the foregoing order, made all haste in its execution. Detachments were called in, and, notwithstanding the roads were very heavy from a three-days` storm, we reached Monocacy Junction in four and a half hours from the time I received the order at Frederick City. I had sent one of my staff to the Junction, to explain the transportation being ready, but I regret to say we did not leave the Junction until 11. 45 p. m., and from this hour until daylight of the 16th July we were on the road. Receiving from His Excellency the Governor an intimation that the rails would be taken up at or near Newark, and my regiment probably attacked, which circumstance might delay my arrival in New York City, and the pressing necessity for our presence, I succeeded, with the assistance of Colonel E. S. Sanford, in arranging with the authorities to transport the regiment via Amboy. Landing at Canal street, I marched up Broadway to the headquarters of Major-General Wool, at the Saint Nicholas Hotel, and reported for duty. I was directed by the general to proceed to the regimental armory, and remain in readiness for immediate service. At 10 a. m. I reported to His Excellency the Governor. I will mention here that in consequence of the order directing us to leave all baggage behind, upon our departure from Baltimore to join the Army of the Potomac, then moving upon Hagerstown, Md., my men were entirely destitute of extra clothing, and had not, at the time of their arrival in New York, changed their underclothing for a period of eleven days, during which time they had also been without even the shelter of tents. At 3 p. m. of the same day, I received the following order: Order.] New York, July 16, 1863. Colonel Lefferts, of the Seventh Regiment, will proceed and take station with his regiment as follows:His headquarters, with one battalion, at the Eighteenth precinct, and one battalion, under command of the senior field officer, at the Twenty first precinct, the colonel commanding both. He is charged with suppressing all mobs and riots, and will sternly use all means he has in doing so. His district will extend from Seventh street to Sixty-fifth street, and he will make such further distribution of his regiment as he may think proper. He will continue in that district until he receives further orders, and will make frequent reports to these headquarters. By command of Bvt. Brig. General H. Brown:

JOHN B. FROTHINGHAM,

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army, Aide-de-Camp.

Upon its receipt, I at once marched my command into the district indicated, making my headquarters at the police station, Thirty

