
fifth street, two doors from Third avenue . Although we were fired upon, and during the march some shots returned, yet I know of no casualties . After dusk, my detachments of observation were continually annoyed by shots from the houses and other places of concealment . At 10 p. m. I directed a detachments of four companies, under command by Lieutenant-Colonel [James] Price, and a battery of two pieces, under command of Captain [E. P.] Rogers, Company I, to pass through the district as low down as Fourteenth street ; this was promptly executed . I subjoin my report of the following morning:
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST POLICE PRECINCT, July 17, 1863.

General Harvey Brown .

Police Headquarters:

SIR: I have the honor to report the district under my charge as quiet after 12p. m. I was ordered to use harsh measures during the evening, but hope we shall have no further trouble . In obedience to orders, a thorough patrol of the district between Thirty-fifth street and Fourteenth street, Third avenue and East River, was made last evening after 10 o'clock . None of my men were injured.

MARSHALL LEFFERTS,Colonel, Commanding Seventh Regiment .

During the night of the 16th, I was informed of several depositories of arms, in the custody of the mob, and accordingly, on the morning of the 17th, I proceeded, with my whole force to Thirty-eight street and Second avenue, and, by surrounding the blocks, the houses were searched . This I continued from square to square, toward Fourteenth street, aided by an efficient platoon of police, under charge of Acting Captain -. Soon 250 arms (many them loaded and capped) were secured, and considerable clothing, which had been stolen from the stores of Messrs. Brooks . At 2 p. m. of this day, I received orders from headquarters to return to the armory . On the afternoon of the 18th, was obliged, by indisposition, to give the command to Lieutenant-Colonel Price . From this period the regiment remained on duty, by detachments, until -. but without anything material to note .

I have the honor to be, sir your obedient servant,

Marshall Lefferts,

Colonel, Comdg. 7th Regiment New York State National Guard.

Adj. General J. T. SPRAGUE. -

Numbers 415. Report of. Colonel William F. Berens, Sixty-fifth Regiment New York State National Guard, of operations June 17-July 30, including the Draft Riots.

BUFFALO, N. Y., January 30, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit to you, according to orders from Major-General Randall, my report of the services of the Sixty-fifth Regiment New York National Guard, during the Pennsylvania campaign, 1863.

