
Avenue A, with Company C, Captain [Casper] Retel, and a howitzer, toward Jackson's shell factory, on Twenty-eight street, where I was to make the headquarters. On arriving at the corner of Avenue A and Twenty-second street, I was fired into by the mob . I wheeled my men into line to return the fire, and the mob skedaddle . I then passed on a block, to the corner of Twenty- third street, when the mob gathered in upon my company from both directions on Twenty-third street, and commenced at once to fire upon us . I returned the fire, and kept up the street, firing until I arrived a Twenty-eight street . Finding my small company of only 28 men, besides the men serving, the howitzer, too small to disperse so large a mob as had collected, I dispatched Quartermaster Flack to headquarters, on Mulberry street, for re-enforcement . The mob seemed to be very generally armed. I then fought my way through the mob to the factory . On the my men was wounded, and several of the crowd were killed and wounded by our fire . On arriving at the factory we found the door closed . I forced the door, and took possession . The mob gathered heavily around the factory and fired upon us . We returned their fire, and afterward sallied out upon them and drove them up Twenty-eight street, far as the corner of First avenue and dispersed them . At 2 p. m. Quartermaster R. Flack arrived with Companies A and D. At about 5 p. m. a priest came to me as a commissioner from the riotous populace, and urged me to quit the factory and return, stating the people agreed that if I did so the factory should not be injured . He stated further that the crowd threatened that if we did not leave they would burn us out . He implored me to accept the proposal, saying that the feared the worst consequences ; that the mob was about 4, 000 strong -altogether too large for my weak force to resist- nd that he could not control or restrain them . I reported the offer made to me by the priest to General Brown. His answer was, to hold the place at all events, and to disperse the assemblage about me at the point of the bayonet, if necessary . Previous to the receipt of this response from General Brown, however, having refused the offered compromise, and the priest having retired beyond the reach of harm, and the crowd gathering heavily around the building we occupied, I found it necessary to open fire upon them, which was kept pu until our assailants were driven back behind the corners of the neighboring streets . The next morning I received orders from General E. R. S. Canby (General Brown having been relieved by him), notifying me that the large meeting taking the place at the residence of Archbishop Hughes was held for the purpose of aiding in the restoration of law and order, and directing that care should be exercised not to molest persons passing to and from, and to pay no attention to harsh words, only interfering when actual force or violence should occur. At 1 o`clock at night I was relieved, by orders from headquarters, by the One hundred and fifty-second Regiment of New York Volunteers. Saturday, July 18, about 2. 30 a. m., I reported to General Canby, at his headquarters. Quartered my regiment in an empty house and a part in a church near by for the remainder of the night. After daybreak, I sent Companies A and B to the gas-works, near East River. On the 19th, I reported with my command to His Excellency Governor Seymour.

