
On the 20th, by order of Governor Seymour, I started with my command for Buffalo, where trouble was apprehended, arriving at that city on Tuesday afternoon, the 21st of July. My regiment was quartered in the New York State arsenal in Buffalo, my men remaining under arms and in the United States service till the 30th day of July, when the regiment was mustered out of the United States service. I cannot omit to praise the promptness of the New York Central Railroad Company in forwarding us comfortably and rapidly through to the city of Buffalo, and to acknowledge the kindness with which we were received by the common council and citizens of Buffalo upon our arrival.

WILLIAM F. BERENS,

Colonel, Comdg. 65th Regiment New York State National Guard.

No. 416. Report of Colonel Chauncey Abbott, Sixty-seventh Regiment New York State National Guard, of operations June 16-July-.
HDQRS. 67th Regiment New York State National Guard, East Hamburg, January 7, 1864.

Special Orders, /No. 2-

HDQRS. 8TH DIV., NEW YORK STATE NATIONAL, GUARD, [June-, 1863.]In pursuance of

Special Orders, No. 296,dated June 16, 1863, from the Commander-in Chief, Colonel Chauncey Abbott, Sixty-seventh Regiment, will order his regiment to prepare for immediate service. By order of Major General Nelson Randall:

RUFUS L. HOWARD,

Division Inspector.

The above special order was received on the evening of the 16th, and orders were immediately issued to the several commandants of companies belonging to the Sixty-seventh Regiment, to notify their several commands, and although, the regiment is scattered over a large tract of country, comprising the south towns in Erie County and the whole of Wyoming County, through the prompt action of the officers and non-commissioned officers of the regiment, the whole command was immediately notified and in readiness for the emergency.
SPECIAL ORDERS, /No. 6-

HDQRS. 8TH DIV., New York State National, Guard, Buffalo, June 22, 1863.

Colonel CHAUNCEY ABBOTT, 67th Regiment New York State National Guard: You are hereby ordered to report to me, with your command, at Buffalo {corner of Exchange and Michigan streets, on Thursday, the 25th instant, at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, and in readiness to proceed to New York. Transportation and substance will be furnished here on your arrival. The regiment will be supplied with uniforms and equipments by quartermaster and commissary generals in the city of New York. Commissioned officers will appear in uniform, as far as possible. By order of Major General Nelson Randall:

RUFUS L. HOWARD,Division Inspector.

The last order, which at once decided the destination of the Sixty-seventh Regiment, brought also with it relief to those composing said regiment, as suspense was worse than active duty under our peculiar circumstances. And now, truly may it be said of the Sixty-

