
seventh, that active duty commenced, as it was necessary to issue orders and have each member notified and at Buffalo in two days from the receipt of the last order. When it is remembered that most of the members of the command are men of middle age, and with families and farms which must be left, and to a extent neglected during their absence, they being for the most part engaged in agricultural pursuits, and their presence so much needed at home at this season of the year, too much praise cannot be awarded them for their prompt response to the call made by the Executive of the State for their services in the hour of danger. Notwithstanding all the difficulties to be overcome, the Sixty-seventh Regiment, 300 strong, was in Buffalo and left for Harrisburg, Pa., at the time appointed, a thing which had not occurred before during the rebellion, as was stated by the commanding general of the division. The Sixty-seventh Regiment New York State National Guard left Buffalo for Harrisburg, Pa., June 25, 1863, at 3p. m., numbering 300, with three days' rations, under the following officers:Chauncey Abbott, colonel commanding; Houghton S. Clough, lieutenant-colonel; George W. Gilman, major; Lucius H. Abbott, engineer; De Witt C. Welch, adjutant; George Abbott, surgeon; John McBeth, assistant surgeon; Orrin S. Washburn, quartermaster; James H. Beebe, quartermaster sergeant; Fayette Baker, sergeant-major; Charles F. Goodman, hospital steward; Marcus Field, commissary sergeant.

COMPANY A. -Timothy G. Grannis, Horace Holmes, I. W. Gale.

COMPANY B. -Braley K. Buxton, Marcus Schwirt, Wiliam H. Hall.

COMPANY C. -Wiliam H. Candee, Wiliam H. Hammond, Jared Matteson.

COMPANY D. -Myron Stilwell, Benjamin Baker, Isaac E. Webster.

COMPANY F. -Lott Shav, Stafford J. Godfrey.

COMPANY G. -Myron L. Fargo, James Wilkin, Jackson N. Morris.

COMPANY H. -Lysander Needham, James A. Cranston, Hosea S. Heath.

COMPANY I. -Frederick Thorpe, Ira H. Toms.

COMPANY K. -De Witt C. Corbin, Delos D. Darrow, Wheeler C. Holmes, William R. Whitney.

COMPANY L. -John P. Barlett, Oliver G Rowley. They proceeded to Elmira, where they were joined by the Sixtyeighth Regiment, under command of Colonel David Forbes, and arrived at Harrisburg about 11 p. m. After reporting to the proper officers, we were ordered to march to Camp Curtin, about 2 miles distant, to take up our quarters for the night, without blankets, in tents that had been previously occupied, but deserted, with no other preparation for a cold, drenching rain which had been falling during the day. After much earnest solicitation and delay, we were allowed the hospitalities of the streets and depot, but were not allowed the cars to rest in, although it was a cattle train which we arrived on. Next morning[Saturday]we marched to Camp Curtin, where we pitched our tents, drew blankets and camp equipage from the Government, and tried to feel as much at home as we could under the circumstances. At the time of arrival at Harrisburg, all was excitement and consternation. Business, except so far as the army was concerned, was almost entirely closed, and although the enemy were said to be in the immediate vicinity, I did not see but one company of the citizens of Harrisburg organized and on duty for the defense of their

