
own city, and that was a small company of Americans of African descent, drilling under some shade trees in front of the capitol . However, we had good number of officers belonging to Pennsylvania, so we got along very well . Do not think that Harrisburg was left to become an easy prey to Lee and his rebel hosts, for on our arrival there we received a hearty greeting from many of our citizens soldiers from the city and State of New York, whose patriotism and military skill reflected the highest honor upon the State from which they came . Our labors commenced with our first day's occupation at Camp Curtin . At night a detail of 25 men was made upon the regiment to go to Fort Washington, across the river, a distance of some 3 miles, to fell and otherwise obstruct the roads over which the enemy were expected to pass. When the call was made for volunteers, instead of 25 men, 75 went on that duty . The next evening (Sunday) the whole regiment was ordered over, and, under orders received from Brigadier General J. C. Smith, commanding Second Brigade, First Division, they were instructed to level to the ground every tree, and remove all obstacles in the range of the guns on the fortifications. During the long hours of that eventful night, the Sixty-seventh stood nobly to their work outside the defenses, while the attack was every moment expected . The fortunes of war in some way changed Lee's design upon Harrisburg, and thus we escaped the conflict which was gathering and seemed ready to burst upon with all its fury . During the remaining period of our service, we remained at Camp Curtin, acting as guard and working parties, as large amounts of ordnance and commissary stores were being forwarded . Each day from 25 to 50 men were detailed from our regiment for such service . Every call and order was promptly met, and when we left had the assurance of the best wishes of those in command at that post .
SPECIAL ORDERS, No. 39.HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, July 23, 1863. The Sixty-seventh Regiment New York State National Guard, Colonel Abbott commanding, will proceed without delay, by railroad, from camp Curtin to Buffalo. N. Y., and be mustered out of the service of the United States . All Government property, including blankets received from the quartermaster's, ordnance, and commissary departments, excepting clothing, will be turned over to the chiefs of these departments at these headquarters. The men be supplied three days' cooked rations . Lieutenant Colonel A. Thompson, chief quartermaster of this department, will furnish the necessary transportation . By command of Major-General Couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General .

Immediately on the receipt of the above order, the Sixty-seventh Regiment left Harrisburg for Buffalo, where it arrived in safety after an absence of about thirty days . Although nearly every member of the regiment was sick during our short stay in camp, through the untiring efforts of the surgeons, no deaths occured, and we were all permitted gain to join our families . I have no words to express the kind feelings, I entertain toward all those under my command for their kind efforts in enabling me to carry out faithfully and promptly every order that was made upon the regiment .

CHANUCEY ABBOTT,

Colonel, Commanding

17 R R -VOL XXVII PT II

