
No. 417. Report of Colonel David S. Forbes, Sixty-eight Regiment New York State National Guard, of operations June 25-July 31.
HDQRS. 68TH REGIMENT NEW YORK STATE NATIONAL GUARD, Fredonia, October 16, 1863.

SIR: In pursuance of Special Orders received from Major General Nelson Randall, Eighth Division, National Guard of the State of New York, and from His Excellency Governor Horatio Seymour, of which the following is a copy. I herewith respectfully inclose detailed report of the Sixty-eight Regiment New York State National Guard services, while and during the campaign in Pennsylvania:

[Special Order.] Colonel D. S. Forbes, Comdg. Sixty-eight Regiment New York State National Guard:

SIR: A letter from headquarters of the State National Guard has just been received, of which the following is a copy:

"General:As a matter of record, and as an act of justice to the militia of the State of New York, there should be on file in this department detailed reports of the services of each regiment during the recent campaign into Pennsylvania. "His Excellency Governor Seymour desires that you give the necessary orders to the commanders of the regiments belonging to your division, to make, without de lay, full reports of the services rendered by their respective regiments while on duty in Pennsylvania. "I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,"JOHN T. SPRAGUE, "

Adjutant-General. "

You will furnish me with the detailed report mentioned therein without delay. NELSON RANDALL,

Major-General, Eighth Division.

On the 17th of June 1863, I received the following Special Orders from Brig. General Henry L. Lansing, commanding Thirty-first Brigade, Buffalo, Erie County:

Special Orders, No. 296. /Headquarters New York State National Guard,

Adjutant-General's Office, Albany, June 16, 1863.

Major General Nelson Randall, Eight Division, National Guard of the State of New York, will detail from his command the Sixty-fifth, Seventy-fourth, Sixty-seventh, and Sixty-eight Regiments, to take the field immediately for three months' service. He will dispatch the m by regiment, via Elmira, to Harrisburg, Pa., and report to Major-General Couch, commanding . Arms and camp equipage will be supplied in Harrisburg . General Randall will make the necessary requisitions upon Captain Sheldon Sturgeon, U. S. Army, mustering and disbursing officer at Buffalo, for transportation direct to Harrisburg, and call upon him the necessary subsistence . By order of the Commander-in-Chief:

JOHN. T. SPRAGUE,

Adjutant-General .

Accompanying the above was the following:

SPECIAL ORDERS, No. 3.
HDQRS. 8TH DIV., NEW YORK STATE NATIONAL GUARD, Buffalo, June 17, 1863. In pursuance of the above Special Orders, Numbers 296, dated June 16, 1863, from the Commander-in-Chief, Colonel D. S. Forbes, Sixty-eight Regiment, will orders his regiment to prepare for immediate service . By order of Major General Nelson Randall:

RUFUS L. HOWARD, Division Inspector .

