
town Ford into Virginia, and also a large drove of beeves . This plunder is guarded from Shepherdstown by infantry, which, after a short absence, returns . A thousand good cavalry would destroy this plundering, and deprive the rebels of any advantage in that respect. Captain [George D.]Summers went into Frederick about 5 p. m. yesterday, and drove out about 30 rebels of any thirty minutes with from 200 to 300 cavalry, and drove Summers out. I am inclined to think Lieutenant Martindale underestimated the enemy by from 7, 000 to 10, 000 men . I hope to have reliable information this afternoon.

Dan. Tyler,

Brigadier -General.

Occupied the entire day in inspecting the troops and fornications ; and having become satisfied I could hold the place, telegraphed

Major-General Hooker as follows:

Headquarters, Maryland Heights, June 22, 1863.

Major -General Hooker, Commanding Army of the Potomac:

I have just made an inspection of the troops and fortifications. I expect to hold Maryland Heights against any force that will be brought against it. If I had from 500 to 750 good cavalry in addition to my present force, I could greatly annoy the enemy, who is now collecting supplies in the region about Sharpsburg, but my cavalry is insufficient to interfere with his plundering.

Dan. Tyler,

Brigadier-General.

Headquarters Army of the Potomac, June 22, 1863.

General Tyler:

I believe all your telegrams have been received. I am rejoiced to hear of your ability to hold your position . Communicate first evidence of the enemy to march infantry north of the Potomac . I will take his guerilla cavalry in had shortly. Forward all news of position, movements, &amp;c., fully as convenient .

Joseph Hooker,

Major-General.

At 5 o'clock, having received important information from Captain Daniels, signal officer, whom I had sent on the old Antietam battleground with an escort and with his best instruments, I telegraphed as follows:

Headquarters, Maryland Heights, June 22, 1863-5p. m.

Major-General Hooker, Commanding Army of the Potomac:

The signal officer, Captain Daniels, took one of his large glasses, and approached within 4 miles of Sharpsburg, and reports as follows:"The enemy has been crossing the Maryland side all day, and are yet bringing over artillery and baggage wagons . Lieutenant Marindale says that many of the camps are gone that were here yesterday . We counted two hundred wagons on the road moving toward Boonsborough. We are going out toward Rohresville east across the mountain to make observations there . I think there are now 30, 000 or 40, 000 troops in an around Sharpsburg. "

Dan. Tyler,

Brigadier-General.

The above being corroborated by Lieutenant New, First New York Cavalry, I telegraphed as follows about 6 p. m.:

Headquarters, Maryland Heights, June 22, 1863 -6 p. m.

Major -General Hooker, Commanding Army of the Potomac:

Lieutenant New, of the First New York Cavalry, has just returned from the lookout . Says he could see the ford at Shepherdstown and all the troops about Sharpsburg. He reports a cavalry and artillery column as passing the ford from 7, 30 a. m. to 12 noon. The artillery consisted of two batteries . A portion of them passed through Sharpsburg, in the direction of Broonsborough. I have two officers out now

