
Monday, the 6th, broke camp, and marched at 5 a. m. for Pine Grove . In the march over the mountains, we took the Walnut Bottom road, 1 mile beyond the stone tavern ; then turned off to the left over the first range of the South Mountain . Before arriving at South mountain, we took deserters from the rebels, who had been secreting themselves in the woods since the Gettysburg fight, and who were anxious to avail them, selves of the old flag, having become heartily sick of their wicked cause, whom I sent on to Carlisle, under guard that was returning with some 20 of the same description, By this means I did not lessen the number of my regiment, which being small, could not well be spared . Arrived at Pine Grove, a distance of 9 miles, at 2 p. m. Here we learned that General Smith had left in the morning for Newman's Gap. Our rations that were drawn at Carlisle were now exhausted ; succeeded in getting two boxes of wet, damaged hard-tack from remnant of train that was just leaving for general Smith's division, which proved to be useless and a little bacon, the charity of the invalids left behind from the preceding division . Halted at Pine Grove about one hour ; then took up line of march for Newman's gap. Bivouacked about dark on the mountain, at a cross-road called Quaker Valley . Here the boys succeeded in obtaining 2 small pigs and 4 sheep, which were soon dressed and distributed through the regiment, nd which would have done much to alleviate the hunger the boys had we had salt ; ; but salt was out of the question, the rebels having, before us, taken all they could find. The meat was soon on sticks, roasting in the camp-fires . As usual, after which guard was mounted, and the men sought repose. About 12 o'clock it commenced raining and rained very hard until morning.

Tuesday, July 7, reveille at daybreak ; morning reports were made at 5 a. m. ; broke camp at 6 o'clock, and marched, without breakfast, on to Newman's Gap, where we expected certainly to overtake general Smith and obtain supplies . During this day's march we could obtain but little subsistence . A foraging party was sent forward under Lieutenant [Lucius R.] Lewis, of Company G, but could not obtain anything ; they joined the regiment at 11 a. m. We lived this day principally upon milk, and an occasional loaf of bread that the boys obtained at 6 shillings per loaf, and in most instances 60 cents for a canteen of milk, when it was to be found . Arrived just a dark, after a hard day's march, having traveled about 27 miles through mud, with clothes and blankets wet and heavy ; learned the General Smith's division had left four hours before that day . The regiment were so much fatigued from the heavy march and absence of necessary food, that they could not proceed farther that night . Obtained from stragglers left behind about 60 pounds of rusty, damaged pork, which we learned afterward had been thrown away; was all we had to eat this night . Bivouacked for the night upon same ground occupied by proceeding division, On arriving at Newman'a Gap, and seeing the situation of my regiment, I dispatched Lieutenant-Colonel Swift and Lieutenant [Andrew J.] Weeks, of Company B, to go forward and contract subsistence for the morrow, at a settlement which I learned was 4 miles ahead . They returned about 10 o'clock, bringing the joyous news that they had succeeded in contracting for 150 biscuits and 5 loaves of bread.

Wednesday, July 8, broke camp at 9 a. m. It having rained very hard all night previous, and still raining in torrents, we were unable to leave earlier . The sick report this morning, from eating the bad

