
pork the night before disclosed some 30 men unfit for duty . However, I impressed two teams, travelers, to bring forward the sick and exhausted, until we arrived at the settlement where subsistence was contracted . Marched at 9 a. m. it still raining very hard, the officers and men all wet through to the skin, on the pike to Greenwood . Arriving at the place where the bread was contracted, halted for refreshment . The amount procured but partially satisfied the hunger of the regiment, and, after a rest of one hour, marched on toward Greenwood, arriving at Greenwood about 2, 30 p. m. Here we found two Pennsylvania regiments, just breaking camp, under orders to march forthwith and join general Smith 's division at Frankstown, distant south 8 miles . In consultation with the colonels of these regiments, they advised me to march forward to a village 2 miles ahead, by the mane of Fayetville, where I could obtain plenty to eat, and that the inhabitants were very hospitable, and by doing so it would be but 2 miles farther to Funkstown, Arrived at Fayetville at about 4 p. m. ; found the inhabitants as reported, Before arriving at Greenwood the rain had ceased, and the sun came out very warm, which rendered the march to Fayetville quite oppressive. Finding the regiment so much exhausted, we bivouacked for the night, and set ourselves about drying our wet blankets . the town soon presented the appearance of a country cloth-dressing establishment, our wet blankets completely covering the fences on both sides of the streets through the entire village . Every possible courtesy was extended to us ; we were taken to their houses m fed and cared for, and in most cases without compensation . We obtained one days' ration, had a good rest, and left this peasant village and its kind people, who will ever be remembered by the Sixty-eight Regiment with feelings of deep gratitude for their kindness and liberality .

Thursday morning, July 9, we took up line of march for Funkstown, distant 9 miles . Before leaving, we took several deserters who had just arrived whom I turned over to the deputy provost-marshal, who was send them immediately on to Chamnbersburg . We got under march at 7 a. m. ; arrived at Funkstown at 1 p. m. ; halted for rest an refreshment ; left at 2 p. m., and marched on Waynesborough, distant 8 miles . Arrived at Waynesborough about dark, and where we came up with General William F. Smith . Six miles back I had sent forward Lieutenant-Colonel Swift to report that the Sixty eight Regiment would join his division this p. m., and to make the necessary arrangements when and where we were to bivouac, and to ahead brigade we would be attached . On arriving at Waynesborough, we were welcomed by the Forty- ninth New York regimental volunteer band, and escorted to the camp ground, situated on a high hill, 1 and 1/2 miles out of town. General Smith, had, by mistake, as he informed me afterward, brigade us with the Pennsylvania regiments, then under command of Colonel Brisbane, acting brigadier, which was changed the next dy, and we were brigade with the following regiments of New York State National Guard: The Eight, Twenty-second, Fifty-sixth, Seventy-first, and the Sixty-eight Regiments, then commanded by Brig. General Joseph F. Knipe . Applications were immediately made to the commissary department for rations, and, to my surprise, I learned there were none on hand, and but a scanty supply in the hands of the different regiments constituting the division. We were obliged to make the best of what we had for the night.

