
Strong and my servants . The night was one of great bustle and movement, the different detached regiments, with their heavy artillery, following up the retreating foe from the battle-field of Gettysburg, together with the rumbling noise of the transportation train made all confusion for the night.

Sunday, July 12. - Marched at 7 a. m. Our movement to-day was through fields, and was more of a reconnaissance than otherwise, watching closely all points, and making but slow advance . Bivouacked on a high hill, 3 miles this side and to the left of Hagerstown, brisk and heavy cannonading going on all day . The New york troops were held at this point in reserve . The United States volunteer force before mentioned as having passed our division the previous night -some marched direct for Hagerstown, m while others marched to the left, on or toward Boonsborough . This night we encountered one of the most terrific thunder- storms ever known in this country . The Sixty- eight regiment during the march had the right our brigade, and we bivouacked in column by regiments.

Monday, July 13. - Broke camp at 6 a. m. Marched toward Capetown . To-day, as usual, our advance was slow and cautions, the men being kept well in hand for an emergency . My regiment to-day showed exhaustion, and were feeble from want of necessary food, being reminded of Starvation Gap, which we had so lately passed . Cannonading opened anew at hagerstown this morning, and was kept up briskly until 10 a. m., when it ceased altogether . The march to-day was through fields, by roads, over hills, through valleys, stopping often to rest, bur keeping a close watch on Lees' pickets, who as we advanced . slowly retired . Bivouacked for the night 4 miles this side of Boonsborough, and to the right, on a hill commanding a good view of the surrounding country . Tuesday morning, July 14. - Orders were received from headquarters, at an early hour, to have arms inspected, 40 rounds in cartridge-boxes, and be in readiness at a moment's notice, as an engagement was momentarily expected. While all was bustle and preparation, I came up, having been absent from my command Saturday night,

July 11, up to Monday,

July 13 . one day and two nights .

Monday, I rode forward, accompanied by the surgeon ; had to be lifted into the saddle; remained in saddle until 3. 30 p. m. ; came up with the division while resting in a beautiful grove, 10 miles distant, and near Leitersburg ; saw all was moving on properly ; passed on ahead 1 miles ; stopped at a private house, accompanied by the surgeon, where we remained until 5 o'clock the next morning ; reason, being too weak and feeble to take command,

Tuesday morning, 5 a. m., I was helped into the saddle, and went up to the regiment, where I round them bivouacked upon an open hill in the direction of Boonsborough . Here, on coming up to my regiment, I was cheered, and almost every conceivable expression of joy was manifested . Preparations having been completed, at 9 a. m. news was brought into camp that General Lee's army was retreating, and our division was ordered to march forward and join General Meade 's corps d`armee on the center, by way of the Baltimore and Williamsport pike, and in the direction of Williamsport. Line was immediately formed, and we took up line of march at 9. 15 a. m. General Knipe, who had been in command of our brigade up to this time, was relieved from duty . Colonel Varian, of the Eight New York National Guard, was placed in command, Arriving at the pike, through the fields, we came in full view of the advanced

