
portion of the Army of the Potomac. The roads was one moving mass of soldiers, some marching to the right, others to the left and front, giving us to understand that General Meade was preparing to follow up at attack General Lee before he had time to cross the Potomac; but, to our disappointment, and, I may add, chagrin, after we had marched 5 miles from where we started this morning, we changed direction to the right, and, instead of being drawn up in line of battle, as we had anticipated, were marched into a whead- field, and bivouacked for the afternoon and night, sill hoping, and, I may add, praying, that General Meade would attack the rebel lines before morning, so that the New York National Guard might have an opportunity of shoving discipline, courage, and ability side by side with our veteran brothers in arms, and to the Washington Government convincing proof that no better troops face the enemy than the New York State troops known as the "National Guard . "

Wednesday morning,

July 15. - The day opened pleasant . The sun came out according hot, and we were all excitement as to what was to be done next when in came a messenger from General Smith, announcing General Lee's army had crossed the Potomac, and that the emergency in Pennsylvania, was over, and promulgating the following special orders:
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, In the Field, Maryland,July 15, 1863.

Colonel FORBES,

Comdg. Sixty-eight Regiment New York State National Guard:

Brig. General John Ewen will take command of all the New York troops in this division, and proceed with them to Frederick City, Md., at which point transportation will be furnished them to New York City . In parting with them, the general commanding must express his admiration of the courage and fortitude with which they have stood the toils and privations of their late marches . By order of Brig. General William F Smith, commanding:

PRESTON C. F. WEST,

Acting Assistant- General. Wednesday, July 15. -

In accordance with the above orders, the division was immediately formed, and we took up line of march for Frederick City, distant 7 miles, at 8. 30 a. m. Arriving at Boonsborough, I detailed Lieutenant Julius J. Parker, of Company A, to proceed on our back track to Harrisburg, Pa., taking one four-mule team, wagon, tent, camp equipage, &amp;c., m and deliver them up to the first United States quartermaster's post; then proceed to Harrisburg, collect all sick, stragglers, and baggage, and proceed to New York City without delay, orders for transportation having been procured from General Ewen to this effect. In marching on Frederick City, we took the Baltimore pike, through and over the ever-to-be-remembered battle- fieldof South Mountain, which still retains many landmarks to refresh the memory of that hard-fought and victorious battle under General George B. McClellan, and where remain, no doubt, riflepits, shattered trees, broken and useless ordnance, dead horses, mules, and the many mounds where lay our brave, dead soldiers; in fact, perfect desolation and ruin marks the battle-field. The march to-day was very severe, the weather being so excessively hot, the troops weak, and many sick, causing many to fall out from exhaustion, to remain by the way, and come up as best they could, many not arriving until next morning. Arrived at Frederick City just before dark; halted a few moments, then marched on toward Monocacy Junction, where we encamped in a grove, or rather open

