
woods, 3 and 1/2 miles beyond Frederick, and a half mile this side of the Junction . I cannot pass over this days' fatigues and hardships without mention of the remarkable manner the sick soldiers of my regiment stood the march, having only the day before been reported unfit for duty . Much no doubt, is attribute to the fact of their realizing they were going home .

Thursday, July 16. - We were obliged to remain encamped all day for want of transportation . I here obtained permission of General Ewen to return by way of harrisburg, and muster out there, instead of going to New York, General Ewen having telegraphed to New York from this point, and received answer that the city troops would furnish all the military necessary to maintain law and order, the riot having ceased . Here I issued orders to the regimental quartermaster to turn over to the Government post ay Frederick City horses, horse equipments complete, all Government stores, excepting two days' rations, transportation team, consisting of one four-mule team, wagon, and driver, which was immediately done and properly receipted for. At 7 p. m. I received the following instruction from General Ewen:

Colonel FORBES, Commanding Sixty-eight Regiment:

SIR: The New York City troops will leave the Junction for New York City first ; your regiment will move last . By order of John Ewen,

brigadier-general commanding .

Friday morning, July 17. - At 8 a. m.,

left Momocacy Junction for Baltimore ; arrived at Baltimore about 5 p. m., or rather at the Harrisburg and Baltimore depot . Here again we were detained about three hours for transportation . At 8 p. m. left Baltimore for Harrisburg, arriving at Harrisburg at 7 a. m. Saturday morning, July 18. - Reported to adjutant-general .

Was instructed to proceed to Camp Curtin, and remain until the return of General Couch, who was expected that day . Marched to Camp Curtin, drew rations, and soon had tents pitched, and awaited further orders . Remained in camp until Monday, July 20, when major -General Couch returned, when we received orders to return all arms, equipments, camp and garrison equipage to the proper departments, and be ready to leave at 8 a. m. July 21, by railroad, for Elmira, N. Y., there to be mustered out of the United States service . This order, I need not say, was received with great joy and satisfaction by the entire regiment, and all we in readiness at the appointed time, with one day's rations in haversacks .

Tuesday, July 21. - We marched to the cars, there to await transportation ; we took cars at 10 a. m. ; moved over the river, where we were obliged to remain until 3 p. m., waiting for a Pennsylvania regiment to accompany us as far as Scranton .

Wednesday morning, July 22. - Arrived in Elmira at 8 a. m., the regiment having suffered very much with cold from the miserable open cattle cars in which we rode . I immediately reported to Captain [La Rhett L.] Livingston, mustering and disbursing officer at Elmira, where I received orders to march my regiment to Barracks No. 3, for breakfast, and in the afternoon to march over and occupy Buffalo Barracks No. 1 until mustered out . On taking possession of the later, we found them in a miserable and filthy condition, but they were soon cleaned and made quite comfortable . When application was made to Captain Livingston for

