
3. 40 a. m., and arrived at Dinkirk at 10 a. m. of July 31, 1863, with every man, I am happy to say, that went away with the Sixty-eight Regiment -a miracle almost, when you take into consideration the time of the year and the hardships and privations the regiment passed through . The regiment was paid off August 10, 1863, at Fredonia, by Paymaster Campbell . Nor can I conclude this report without expressing the obligations I am placed under by my associate field, commissioned, and non-commissioned staff officers together with the lines officers, who, although new and inexperienced, discharged their duties with marked ability and the hardships of the campaign with courage and fortitude . It would also afford me great pleasure to particularize in the different companies several non-commissioned officers and privates, who, from their courage and good behavior, won, my admiration, but time will not permit . Especial mention is, however, made of Quartermaster John C. Mullett, Surgeon [Thomas D.]Strong, and Chaplain[Samuel H.] Northon, for their valuable services rendered during the entire campaign. Permit me to hope the conduct of the Sixty-eight Regiment New York State National Guard was such that, should another emergency require their assistance, they may have gained the confidence of the Commander-in-Chief sufficiently to receive his first attention .

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. FORBES,

Colonel, Comdg. 68th Regiment New York State National Guard .

His Excellency HORATIO SEYMOUR,

Governor State of New York . -

No. 418. Report of Colonel Watson A. Fox, Seventy-fourth Regiment Newark State National Guard, of operations June 19-August 3, including the Draft Riots.

HDQRS. 74TH REGIMENT NEW YORK STATE NATIONAL GUARD, Buffalo, September 10, 1863.

GENERAL: In compliance with your order of the 8th instant, issued in accordance with an order of His Excellency Governor Seymour, dated June 17, I have the honor to submit the following report concerning the part taken by the Seventy-fourth Regiment, under my command, in repelling the late rebel raid into Pennsylvania, in obedience to orders from general quartermaster, dated Albany, June 16, 1863, and promulgated to me Thursday, June 18: In compliance with such orders, I immediately ordered my command to assemble at the State arsenal at 7 o'clock the following morning, June 19, for the purpose of proceeding to Harrisburg, Pa., in accordance with your orders . The line was formed at 9 o'clock, with seven companies, 374 officers and men, without arms or accouterments, in the midst of an immense assemblage of citizens . We took up our line of march, precede by the Sixty-fifth Regiment, Colonel Jacob Krettner, for the New York and Erie railroad, and, in company with that regiment, embarked on the cars, and took our departure from Buf-

