
falo at 10 a. m. We took with us 1, 500 cooked rations, issued by Captain Sheldon Sturgeon, U. S. Army, mustering and disbursing officer . Prior to leaving Buffalo, I ordered my adjutant, James M. Johnson, with Lieutenant Elisha T. Smith, to remain, for the purpose of providing for the sending forward of Company R, cavalry, Captain Alexander Sloan, who were ordered to remain until the day following, as only about half of his command had assembled, and Company I, Captain George B. Knight, of Akron, who could not join us on so short notice, it being impossible to get orders to his command until after we had left ; also for the purpose of making the necessary provision for sending to the regiment such members as were unable to leave with us, but would follow soon after . We arrived in Harrisburg on Saturday, 20th instant, at 4 p. m. I immediately reported to Major-General Couch, commanding the Department of the Susquehanna, and was ordered to Camp Curtin, distant about 2 miles, to report to Colonel Beaver, commanding the camp, where we arrived at 5 p. m. ; reported; drew wall tents, and encamped. Sunday, 21st. - Our quartermaster, Clark Dodge, drew two days' rations, and the day was spent in cleaning up and getting our camp in order, it having rained heavily throughout the night, completely flooding the camp.

Monday, 22d. - I drew from U. S. Quartermaster's Department uniforms for 450 men, together with camp equipage, and from U. S. Ordnance Department 450 Springfield rifled muskets, in very bad order; not one musket in order, having been used by nine-months' pennsylvania Volunteers. The day was spent in issuing uniforms to the men and packing up their cast-off clothing, which was returned to Buffalo . Company R, cavalry,, Captain Alexander Sloan, with 40 officers and men, arrived at 12 m., and were immediately quartered in camp. Major-General Couch informed me that it would not be possible for the Government to furnish horses for the company,, and he would be under the necessity of ordering their return . Upon acquitting Captain Sloan of the facts, he informed me that his company would be unwilling to return, and, if permitted to remain, would serve as infantry, whereupon I ordered necessary uniforms, arms, and accouterments to be issued to his command ; and, upon consultation with major-General Couch, he approved of my action, and paid a deserved compliment to Captain Sloan and his command, and desired them to remain .

Tuesday, 23d. -Company I, Captain George B. Knight, with 41 officers and men, arrived, and where quartered in camp. Clothing was immediately issued to the company . I also Issued and accouterments to my entire command, To-dy and the day following were spent in cleaning up our muskets and accouterments, and, putting them in order. Camp Curtin was under the command of Colonel Beaver, to whom we were under many obligations for his kind attention to all our wants, and the gentlemanly and soldierly treatment received at his hands . We are also indebted to Captain Ball, his gentlemanly assistant, for many favors received from him . there were 12, 000 soldiers in camp, each commandant regulating his own camp, and establishing his own camp guard, without reference to any other regiment.

Wednesday, 24. - His Excellency Governor Curtin, in company with Colonel Beaver, paid us a visit, and complimented me highly upon the appearance of my command, pronouncing our camp the

