
McConnellsburg, notifying him that an iron structure known as Mill Creek railroad bridge threatened by the enemy, and that its destruction was anticipated that night by 500 of Imboden's cavalry . This bridge crosses the Juniata river 6 miles from Mount Union . We had about 400 men in camp, all told . On consultation with Colonel Hawley, it was determined that I should make the advance and defend the bridge with 150 men ; whereupon Company D, Captain George M. Baker, and Company A, Lieut, John. C. Nagel, with 50 men each, were detailed for this duty, and, under my command, left Mount Union at 9 p. m. I was accompanied in this expedition by Major Charles J. Wing and Surg. Jacob Whittaker, of the Seventy-fourth Regiment. Our route was by the brigade guarded by Company A, Sixty-fifth Regiment, and Major Wings was sent in advance, with orders to detach 25 men, under command of Lieutenant Henry Rudolpf from that company, to join us ; also to go on to the village of Mapletown, and call in the pickets of Company B, Sixty-fifth regiment, Captain Louis Krettner, which company joined us at that place . I was joined at Mapletown and vicinity by 20 farmers, who volunteered their services as axmen. There were four roads or passes leading over the mountains, through bear Valley, to this bridge, and I decided to blockade these roads in the narrow passes in the mountains. Major Wing was sent with Captain Krettner's company 1 mile north of Mapleton, with instructions to blockade and defend Mill Creek road. I then moved on about 2 miles farther, and posted Company D, Captain Baker, in Bear Valley Pass; about one-half mile southeast, I posted 25 men of Company A, under command of Lieutenant Nagel; in another pass, one-half mile distant from this point, and half a mile higher up the mountain, were posted 25 men of Company A, under command of Lieutenant William Bean . All of these points were the narrowest in the passes, barely sufficient for 4 horsemen to ride abreast, and easily defended . All the roads were blockaded by felling trees across them ; trees were also cut nearly off at different points 500 yards in advance, and axmen stationed to fell them as soon as the enemy should pass, thus blockading them in. Men were also stationed on the upper side of the roads and on the sides off the mountain between the two points, prepared to meet them . It was impossible for a horseman to ride up or down the mountain on either side of the roads . I held 20 men, under command of Lieutenant Henry Rudolph, of the Sixty-fifth Regiment, at a convenient as a reserve. These dispositions were concluded at 1 a. m.

July 3 . - At 2 a. m. 500 of Imboden's rebel cavalry appeared near Bear Valley Pass, within 600 yards of the barricade, and immediately retreated, probably notified by their spies of the reception prepared for them . Having left Mount Union in great haste, we were unprovided with rations, but the farmers in the vicinity brought us sufficient in the morning . We remained there until 12 m. of the 3d, when we fell back to Mount Union, where we arrived at 2 p. m., the distance being 7 miles . Saturday, July 4. - The regiment was this day mustered into the United States service by Lieut . William F. Fulton, twenty-ninth Pennsylvania, appointed by Major-General Couch for that purpose, for thirty days from June 19 . Herewith I hand you a roster of my officers and muster-rolls of the several companies of my command, The day was duly celebrated by the companies of the Seventy-fourth in camp, and by a dinner given by the officers, m at which were present Colonel Hawley

18 R R -VOL XXVII, PT II

