
and his field and staff officers as invited guests . The utmost good cheer nd good feeling prevailed throughout the day among officers and men . During our stay at Mount Union, we were constantly active, doing picket and provost-guard duty . Our pickets captured, at sundry times, 58 prisoners from Lee's army, who were sent to Major-General Couych, at Harrisburg . Several reconnaissances were made by Colonel Hawley and myself and officers, with, of course, some degree of profit in gaining a knowledge and familiarity with the topography of the country in that vicinity . July 2. - I received from Buffalo Board of Trade $500, and from General Henry L. Lansing &amp;100, generously donated and placed in my hands to be disbursed for the benefit of the brigade ; but for this timely donation my command would have suffered greatly in its subsequent marches, Government not providing at all times adequate transportation and subsistence .

July 3. - My quartermaster, Clark Dodge, a valuable man in that department, was ordered by the chief quartermaster of the Department of the Susquehanna to report, with 5 complement men, at Harrisburg, for duty in that department. Five men were accordingly detailed, and he left with them on the 5th instant . Quartermaster-Sergeant S. Fred. Hartman performed the duties of quartermaster to my entire satisfaction until we were rejoined by Quartermaster Dodge, at Harrisburg, July 15.

July 5. - At 3 p. m., Colonel Hawley received a telegram from Major-General Couch, at Chambersburg, ordering there companies of the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania and the Seventy-fourth regiment New York National Guard, to move for Cambersburg, with three days 'cooked rations in our haversacks . At 6 p. m. we left Mount Union with three companies of the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania, under command of Colonel J. W. Hawley, with one day's rations, not being able to get any more, as the Government, had no more rations at this place, and took the Shirley road for Chambersburg. Our route led through Shirleysburg, Fannettsburg, Shade gap, Burnt Cabins, to Loudoun, distant 52 miles from Mount Union, where we arrived July 7, at 6 p. m., and encamped . Colonel Hawley reported to major-General Couch, by telegraph, at Chamnbersburg . In the meantime, general Couch telegraphed Colonel Pierce, who was at Loudon, in command of the remains of General Milroy's division, instructing him to order us to Clear Spring, Md. When we arrived sat Loudoun, we were entirely out of rations, and we were only able to draw half a ration of hard-tack for three days . We left Loudoun July 8, at 4 p. m., and arrived at Mercesburg, 7 miles, at 7 p. m., where we encamped for the night .

July 9. - At 6 a. m. left Mercesburg, and arrived in Bear Valley, within 2 miles of Clear Spring, at 2 p. m., where we encamped, distant from Loudoun 26 miles . When at Loudoun we were joined by Captain [Nathaniel] Payne's company of cavalry, of Milroy's division .

July 10 . - At 8 a. m., leaving the regiment, with the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania, in camp, Colonel Hawley, and myself, with the advance guard of cavalry, under command of Captain Payne, made a reconnaissance toward Clear Spring, ascertaining the position and strength of the enemy . At 10 a. m. I returned, and, with my command and the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania, broke camp and moved forward . Arriving within half a mile of Clear Spring, Colonel

