
Hawley rode up and informed me that Captain Payne's cavalry were at this moment having a skirmish with 500 rebel cavalry . Colonel Hawley took his command and made a detour to the left, while I moved forward at double-quick with my command, leaving the baggage train and guard in command of Major Wing. Arriving at the Boonsborough road, where the skirmish was in progress, the enemy made a precipitate retreat . Three of Captain Payne's command were severely wounded, one of whom died the following day . Four of the enemy were wounded and a rebel major's horse was shot from under him . We encamped by a spring in the woods, 1 mile distant from the village and from the summit of the mountain called Fairview . On our arrival at Clear Spring, we were entirely out of rations, and were generously supplied by the citizens of the town a portion of which was paid for by the colonel . We ascertained that Lee's army had just arrived at Williamsport 7 miles distant, and (before the completion of the pontoon bridges) had commenced crossing the Potomac in boats, at the rate of three teams an hour . We also ascertained that Lee's pontoons were build with old canalboat and pieces of houses and lumber. The rebel general Imboden, and 10, 000 cavalry, infantry, and artillery, were encamped within 2 and 1/2 miles. From the summit of Fairview, Williampsort and a portion of the rebel forces were plainly discernible . I posted four companies of my command on picket, and kept that number out during our stay at the Spring, and the greatest vigilance was exercised to guard against a surprise, having been ordered here to hold and guard this pass(Boonsborough pike), Clear Spring, and Fairview, until the arrival of General Kelley's division, which took place during the night of the 11th July, and, early on the morning of the 12th, general Kelley posted a battery on the summit of Fairview and below, near the village of Clear Spring, and commenced shelling Imboden on the morning of the 12th. On the 12th, Captain Hugh Swan captured a rebel major and captain, who were not three hours from Lee's headquarters . They were sent under guard to Major-General Couch, at Chambersburg. Sunday morning,

July 12. -Colonel Hawley received a dispatch from Colonel Pierce, at Loudoun, ordering the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Regiment and my command to proceed immediately to Loudoun, as that division was to leave that morning to join General Kelley's division at Clear Spring . We left at 7 a. m., and arrived at Mercesburg at 6p. m., where we encamped for the night . At this place I detached Company G, Captain Harry Kester, who remained at Mercesburg as provost guard .

July 13. - At 6 a. m. left Mercesburg, and, when about 1 mile distant from this place, met Colonel Pierce, with Milroy's division, on his way to Clear Spring ; arrived at Loudoun at 10 a. m., and encamped . Colonel Hawley reported by telegraph to major-General Couch at Chambersburg .

Tuesday, July 14. - At 5 p. m., while inspecting my command, Colonel Hawley received a telegram from major-General Couch, ordering me to report with my command to major-General Wool, in New York City, with all possible dispatch . major Wing was sent to Mercesburg, with orders to follow with Company G, Captain Kester, and join us as soon as possible . Government not being able to furnish transportation, Lieutenant-Colonel Seely, Surg. Jacob Whittaker, and Quartermaster-Sergeant Hartman were left to tire teams and bring on our camp equipage Left Loudoun at 8 p. m., and ar-

