
rived at Chambersburg, 15 miles, at 2 a. m. July 15, where we rested on a muddy sidewalk until 6 a. m,, when we took up our line of march, and arrived at Shippensburg, 12 miles from Loudoun, at 12 m. Left Shippensburg at 2 p. m., and arrived at Harrisburg at 5 p. m. same day, where wee joined by Lieutenant Clark Dodge, quartermaster, and his assistants, and Lieutenant E. T. Smith, from Buffalo ; changed cars at Harrisburg taking the road via Reading, Allentown, and Easton, for New York City, where we arrived July 17, at 10 a. m; marched up Broadway and to Center Market, the armory of Eight Regiment New York National Guard, where we arrived at 1 p. m. I immediately reported to major-General Wool, who ordered me to report to Brig. General Harvey Brown, 300 Mulberry street, which I did at 2 p. m. At 3 p. m. General Brown ordered the following disposition of my command:Company A,:Lieutenant John C. Nagel, and Company E, Captain William Clinger, were ordered to Hotchkiss' shell factory, Seventeenth street ; Company B, Captain Theodore D. Barnum, at gas-works, Twenty-third street ; Company C, Captain John U. Wayland, and Company R, Captain Alexander Sloan, to Atlantic, Brooklyn ; Company D, Captain George M. Baker, to fort Richmond ; Company F, Captain Hugh Sloan, to Forts Hamilton and Lafayette; Company I, Captain George B. Knight, to Jersey City, to report to the mayor . Late in the evening of the 18th instant, Company G, Captain Harry Kester, arrived, and was ordered to join Captain Knight, at Jersey City . Various dispositions were made of the several companies remaining in the city during their say, and active participation in the suppression of the rioters . They received high compliments from General Brown for their efficiency, good discipline, and faithful performance of all the duties assigned them .

July 19. - Company A, Lieutenant John C. Nagel, and Company B, Captain Theodore D. Barnum, were sent up the Hudson River, stopping at all places on the way, to Sing Sing, returning to New York City 21st instant, performing important duty at these several points in quelling riots .

July 19. - General Brown was relieved by General Canby, who, on the 21st instant, ordered me to proceed with my command to Buffalo. We left New York at 6 p. m. this day, on special train, via Hudson River road, arriving in Albany 22nd instant, at 12 m., being detained by the washing away of a culvert on the road. At Albany we were generously furnished with refreshment sent to the depot by Messrs. Paige &amp; Dawson . Left Albany at 3 p. m., and arrived at Buffalo at 10 a. m., July 23, when we met with a magnificent reception, the citizens turning out en masse, crowding the streets to such an extent that it was with the utmost difficulty we were able to get through them . We were escorted to the State arsenal by the union Continental, Lieutenant Asher P. Nicholas; Sixty-fifth Regiment New York State National Guard, Lieut . Colonel F. Berens ; Eagle Hose, No. 2; Neptune Hose, No. 5; Columbia Hose, No. 11; lansing Zouaves, and Ellsworth Guard, escort precede by Union Cornet Band, the Seventy-fourth by Miller's band and drum corps. At the State arsenal we were welcomed, on behalf of the city, by Alderman Charles E. Beckwith, mayor pro tempore, in a neat and appropriate speech which was responded to by the colonel, after which, in the arsenal drillroom, we partook of a bountiful collation prepared and tendered by the ; ladies of Buffalo . We remained on duty at the State arsenal from this date until August 3, when were mustered out by Captain Sheldon Sturgeon, First Infantry, U. S. Army, mustering and dis-

