
bursing officer. While being mustered out of the service of the United States, an order was placed in my hand from the mayor pro tempore, calling us into the service of the city, for the purpose of preserving the public peace during the impending draft . We entered at once upon this duty, and were relieved August 22. During our absence, and while in command of the brigade, the command of the regiment devolved upon Lieutenant Colonel Walter G. Seely . To this officer, as well as Major Charles J. Wing, and my staff and line officers, too much praise and credit cannot be accorded for their faithful attention to duty, and readiness to second me in every effort to render my command efficient and acceptable to my superiors. I cannot close this without a just and deserved tribute to the men, who, at an hour's notice, left their homes and friends, . business pursuits and pleasures, and throughout this campaign, were ever ready to perform any duty, however arduous, without a murmur or complaint. My regiment is made up for the most part of middle-aged and young men, engaged in active business pursuits, and the personal sacrifices made by them cannot be estimated, and are not appreciated by the community . I am happy to say they were cheerfully made from conviction of duty, and would as cheerfully be made again when occasion requires it, from the same patriotic conviction . I am proud of my regiment, and esteem in a honor to command such a body of soldiers, who, by their strict devotion to duty, have reflected so much credit upon themselves, their noble city, and the State which they so faithfully represent . For the purpose of encouraging this spirit, 	I beg to suggest that the State troops responding to the late order should be awarded seem testimonial of appreciation of their patriotism and self-sacrificing spirit of devotion to the call of duty .

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WATSON A. FOX,

Colonel, Comdg. 74th Regiment New York National Guard.

Major General NELSON RANDALL, Comdg. Eight Division, New York National Guard. -

No. 419. Report of Colonel Jacob G. Frick, Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Militia, of operations June 24-30.

HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF LANCASTER COUNTY, Columbia, Pa., July 1, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in compliance wit General Orders, No. 14, from the Department of the Susquehanna, I left Harrisburg on the morning of the 24th ultimo, and arrived here on the afternoon of the same day, and immediately sent four companies, in command of Lieutenant-Colonel Green, over the river . On the morning of the 25th ultimo, I sent four more companies to that officer, with instructions to take up a position near the York turnpike, about a half mile from Wrightsville . Hearing, on the afternoon of the 27th, that the enemy were in the vicinity of York, I ordered my tow remaining companies to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Green, that we might be prepared to resist any sudden attempt by the enemy to get possession of the bridge at this point.

