
entered the town with his artillery, and reached the barricade at the bridge-head, I gave the order to light the fuse. The explosion took place, but out object in blowing up the bridge failed . It was then that I felt it to be my duty, in order to prevent the enemy from crossing the river and marching on to Harrisburg in the rear, destroying on his route railroads and bridges, to order to the bridge to be set on fire. The bridge was completely destroyed, thought a vigorous attempt was made to save a part by the soldiers . I was materially assisted in my operations by Captain Strickler, who had charge of a small force of cavalry acting as scouts . I feel indebted to him for much reliable information as to the movements and force of the enemy. Major[Charles C.] Haldeman, formerly of the Twenty-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, volunteers his services, and rendered me very efficient aid. Lieutenant-Colonel [David B.] Green, who had charge of the left flank of the position, with a force of 250 men, and Major [George L.] Fried, who took charge of the left wing of the Twenty-seventh regiment Pennsylvania Volunteer Militia, behaved with accustomed coolness and gallantry, and brought off their forces in most excellent order. Great praise is due to Captain [Joseph] Oliver, Company D, Twenty- seventh Pennsylvania Volunteer Militia, commanding a body of skirmishers of about 70 men, for the skillfulness and boldness with which he handled his men . The officers and men of my command generally did their whole duty. Before closing this report, justice compels me to make mention of the excellent conduct of the company of negroes from Columbia . After working industriously in the rifle-pits all day, when the fight commenced they took their guns and stood up to their work bravery . They fell back only when ordered to do so. I herewith Inclose a list of casualties . * The prisoners taken - 18 in number 0 were all from the Twentieth Pennsylvania Volunteer Militia, including Lieutenant-Colonel [William H.] Sickle, of that regiment . From information received since the engagement, I feel convinced that if my orders had been promptly obeyed, no prisoners would have been taken .

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JACOB G. FRICK,

Colonel,

Commanding . Captain ROBERT LE ROY,

Ass. Adj. General, Department of the Susquehanna . -

No. 420. Report of Major General Robert H. Milroy, U. S. Army, of skirmish at McConnellsburg, Pa . BLOODY RUN, June 26, 1863.

GENERAL: Major Adams, . with detachment of First New York Cavalry, charged strong picket of the enemy yesterday at McConnells- -

---------------

* Nominal list omitted, shows 9 enlisted men wounded.

---------------

