
burg, and drove them into town, creating great commotion in a large force of the enemy, mostly infantry - about 2, 000. Counted a train of twenty-four wagons, and three camps, of Sibley, and wall tents ; section of artillery. Scouts on Hancock road ran in enemy's pickets on Sidling Hill Creek, and observed camps. Citizens said there were eighteenth companies of infantry, and column of cavalry a mile long, 8 miles this side of Hancock. I would feel much better if I had necessary supplies and artillery . Why are the latter delayed?

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

Major-General COUCH . -

No. 421. Report of Colonel Lewis B. Pierce, Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, of skirmish near Greencastle, Pa.

MERCESBURG, July 5, 1863. Before receipt of your dispatch of this date, I sent 200 select cavalry of First New York and Twelfth Pennsylvania, in command of Captain Jones, First New York Cavalry, in the direction of Williamsport . He captured near Greencastle 100 wagons, 3 pieces of artillery, and 500 prisoners. The enemy attempted a rescue, but were repulsed . Enemy lost considerably . Our loss, 1 killed and 3 wounded . Will report full to-morrow . Most of my infantry here.

L. B. PIERCE,

Colonel, Commanding .

Major-General COUCH . -

No. 422. Reports of Brig. General Benjamin F, Kelley, U. S. Army, commanding Department of West Virginia, of operations, July 8-20.

HANCOCK, July 8, 1863-11 p. m.

The telegraph line has been repaired along the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad west from this place, and is in working order I sent . to-day a company of cavalry (Captain Greenfield) to McCoy's Ferry and Clear Spring, on a scouting expedition . He pursued and attacked a supply train of fifteen wagons within 4 miles of Williamsport, captured 2 officers, 20 men guarding, and 60 mules, Was forced to leave the wagons behind Several of the enemy killed and wounded . Captain Greenfield had 3 men wounded and 3 horses killed.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General.

