
No. 423. Medals of Honor for battle of Gettysburg.

GENERAL ORDERS, no. 91.
WAR DEPARTMENT ADJ. GENERAL 'S OFFICE, Washington, July 29, 1862.

I. The following resolutions, acts and extracts from acts of Congress are published for the information of all concerned:

* * * * * * *

I. - PUBLIC RESOLUTION .

No. 43. -A RESOLUTION to provide for the presentation of medals of honor to the enlisted men of the army and volunteer forces who have distinguished or may distinguish themselves in battle during the present rebellion . Resolved by the Senate and House od Representatives of the United States of America, in Congress assembled, That the President of the United States be, and he is hereby, authorized to cause two thousand medals of honor to be prepared, with suitable emblematic devices, and to direct that the same be presented, in the mane of Congress, to such non-commissioned officers and privates as shall most distinguish themselves by their gallantry in action, and other soldiers like qualities, during the present insurrection . And that the sum of ten thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out of any money in the treasury not otherwise appropriated for the purpose of carrying this resolution in to effect Approved July 12, 1862.

* * * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General .

BATTLE OF GETTYSBURG .

Fourteenth Connecticut. - Serg. Major William B. Hinks, capture of flag of Fourteenth Tennessee; Private Elijah W. Bacon, Company F, capture of flag of Sixteenth North Carolina ; Corpl. Christopher Flynn, Company K, Capture of flag of Fifty-second North Carolina .

One hundred and twenty-sixth New York . - Captain Morris Brown. jr., capture of flag ; Private Jerry Wall, Company B. capture of flag; Serg. George H. Dore, Company D, capture of flag.

Seventy- first Pennsylvania . - Private john E., Clopp, Company F, capture of flag of Ninth Virginia . Seventh Wisconsin . - Serg. Jefferson Coates, Company H, gallantry in action .

Sixth Wisconsin. - Corpl. Francis A. Waller, Company I, capture of flag of Twentieth Mississippi.

Nineteenth Massachusetts. - Corpl. Joseph H. De Costro, Company I, capture of flag of Nineteenth Virginia ; Serg Benjamin F. FaLLS, Company A, capture of flag ; Serg. Benjamin H. Jellison . Company C. capture of flag of Fifty-fourth Virginia ; Private John Robinson, Company I capture of flag of Fifty-seventh Virginia .

First Delaware. -Private john B. Mayberry, Company F, capture of flag ; Private Bernard McCarren, Company C, capture of flag. Eight Ohio . - Serg. John Miller, Company G, capture of two flags (Thirty-fourth North Carolina and Thirty-eighth Virginia); Private James Richmond, Company F, capture of flag.

Twentieth Indiana . - Private Oliver P. Rood, Company B, capture of flag of Twenty-first North Carolina .

First Minnesota . - Private Marshall Sherman, Company C, capture of flag of Fifty-eight Virginia .

First Pennsylvania Rifles. - Serg. James B. Thompson, Company G, capture of flag of Fifteenth Georgia.

Fifty-ninth New York . - Serg. James Wiley, Company B, capture of flag of a Georgia regiment .

