
The whole number who escaped will not reach 1, 000. Our loss small; it is stated that it will not exceed 175 killed, wounded, and missing. Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

General

His Excellency PRESIDENT DAVIS.

- CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, June 18, 1863.

GENERAL: On the afternoon of the 14th, General Rodes took possession of Martinsburg, capturing several pieces of artillery, more than 200 prisoners, and a supply of ammunition and grain. Our loss, 1 killed and 2 wounded.

R. E. LEE,

General. -

General S. COOPER.

Adjutant and Inspector General .

- HEADQUARTERS, Near Millwood, Va., June 19, 1863. Mr.

PRESIDENT: General Ewell, with two division, has advanced from the Potomac toward Pennsylvania . His third division is retained near Sepherdstown for the present to guard his flank and rear. General Longstreet's corps on the Ashby's and Snicker's Gaps roads threatens the enemy, who is massed between him and Washington . General Stuart's cavalry is operating in his front . I hope the first division of A. P. Hill's corps will reach here to-day, so that Early may be relieved and follow Ewell. All attempts of the enemy to penetrate the mountains have been repulsed by Stuart's cavalry, who, yesterday, again drove him from Middleburg, and, by reports received last evening, the enemy's infantry have evacuated Aldie. Indications seem to be that his main body is proceeding toward the Potomac, whether upon Harper's Ferry or to cross the river east of it, is not yet known. The difficulty of procuring supplies retards and renders more uncertain our future movements . I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General .

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President, &c., Richmond, Va.

- BERRYVILLE, June 20, 1863. Mr.

PRESIDENT: I have the honor to report, for the information of Your Excellency, that General Imboden has destroyed the bridges on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, over Evart's Creek, near Cumberland; the long bridge across the Chesapeake Chesapeake and Ohio canal, below Cumberland ; the iron bridge across the North Branch of the Potomac, with the wooden trestle adjoining it ; the double-span bridge across the mouth of Patterson's Creek ; the Fink's patent iron bridge across the mouth of the South Branch of the Potomac, three spans of 133 and 1/3 feet each, and the wooden bridge over Little Cacapon.

