
lines . Our preparations being completed, and the river, though still deep, being pronounced fordable, the army commenced to withdraw to the south side on the night of the 13th . Ewell's corps forded the river at Williamsport, Those of Longstreet and Hill crossed upon the bridge. Owing to the condition of the roads, the troops did not reach the bridge until after daylight on the 14th, and the crossing was not compelled until 1 p. m., when the bridge was removed . The enemy offered no serious interruption, and the movement was attended with no loss of material excepting a few disabled wagons and two pieces of artillery, which the horses were unable to move through the deep mud. Before fresh horses could be sent back for them, the rear of the column had passed, . During the slow sand tendinous march to the bridge, in the midst of a violent storm of rain, some of the men lay down by the way to rest . Officers sent back for them failed to find many in the obscurity of the night, and these, with some stragglers, fell into the hands of the enemy. Brigadier -General Pettigrew was mortally wounded in an attack made by a small body of cavalry, which was unfortunately mistaken for our own, and permitted to enter our lines . He was brought to Bunker Hill, where he expired a few days afterward . He was a brave and accomplished officers and gentleman, and his loss will be deeply left by the country and the army . The following day the army marched to Bunker Hill, in the vicinity it encamped for several days. The day after its arrival, a large force of the enemy's cavalry, which had crossed the Potomac at Harper's Ferry, advanced toward Martinsburg . It was attacked by General Fitz, Lee, near Kearnesville, and defeated with heavy loss, heaving its dead and many of its wounded on the field . Owing to the swollen condition of the Shenandoah, the plan of operations which had been contemplated when we recrossed the Potomac could not be put into execution, and before the waters had subsided, the movements of the enemy induced me to cross the Blue Ridge and take position south of the Rappahannock, which was accordingly done . As soon as the reports of the commanding officers shall be received, a more detailed account of these operations will be given, and occasion will them be taken to speak more particularly of the conspicuous gallantry and good conduct of both officers and men . It is not yet in my power to give a correct statement of our casualties, which were severe, including many brave men, and unusual proportion of distinguished and valuable officers . Among them I regret to mention the following general officers: Major-Generals Hood, Pender, and Trimble severely, and Major-General Heth slightly wounded . General Pender has since died . This lamented officer had borne a distinguished part in every engagement of this army, and was wounded on several occasions while leading his command with conspicuous gallantry and ability . The confidence and admiration inspired by his courage and capacity as an officer were only equaled by the esteem and respect entertained by all with whom he was associated for the noble qualities of his modest and unassuming character . Brigadier-Generals Barksdale and [R. B.] Garnett were killed, and Brigadier-General Semmens mortally wounded, while leading their troops with the courage that always distinguished them. These brave officers and patriotic gentlemen fell in the faithful discharge

