HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, August 2, 1863 .

GENERAL: On the night of July 31, the enemy laid pontoon bridges at a point below Kelley's Ford and at Rappahannock Station, and crossed the river with two or three divisions of cavalry a large body of infantry . The cavalry, supported by three brigades of infantry, advanced toward Brandy Station, being retarded in their progress by Hampton's brigade of cavalry, under the command of Colonel Baker, of the First North Carolina Regiment, which fell back gradually before them to our line of infantry, about 2 miles this side of Brandy . Our infantry skirmishers were then advanced, and drove the enemy back a mile beyond the station . Hampton's brigade behaved with its usual gallantry, and was very skillfully handled by Colonel Baker . General Stuart was in the front with the brigade the whole day . Our loss was small,, but among our wounded, I regret to say, are those brave officers, Colonel Baker, commanding the brigade, Colonel Young, of Cobb's Legion, and Colonel Black, of the First South Carolina cavalry . I am, &amp;c.,R. E. LEE,

General .

General S. COOPER, Adjt. and Insp. General, C. S&gt;Army, Richmond, Va. -
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, January 20, 1864.

GENERAL: I forwarded to-day my report of the late campaign of this army in Maryland and Pennsylvania, together will those of the corps, and other commanders, as far as they have been received . General Longstreet's list of casualties, and the reports of his subordinate officers, shall be sent as soon as they can be obtained from him . I also forward the report of the medical director, and some other documents mentioned in the accompanying schedule . With reference the former, I would remark that it is necessarily imperfect, for reasons stated in my report . The actual casualties and the number of missing can only be learned from there reports of the commanding officers, and it should be borne in mind that they usually embrace all the slightly wounded, even such as remain on duty, under the impression, commonly entertained, that the loss sustained is a measure of the service performed and the danger incurred. I also inclose a map of the routes of the army, and one of the lines at Hagerstown and Wiliamsport. That of the battle-field of Gettysburg shall be forwarded as soon as completed . Very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. E. LEE,

General.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.

