
[Inclosure .]

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE NORTHERN VIRGINIA . January -, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor the submit a detailed report of the operations of this army from the time it left the vicinity of Fredericksburg, early in June, to its occupation of l the line of the Rapidan in August . Upon the retreat of the Federal Army, commanded by Major-General Hooker, from Chancellorsville, it reoccupied the ground north of the Rappahannock, opposite Fredericksburg, where it could not be attacked excepting at a disadvantage . It was determines to draw it from this position, and, if practicable, to transfer the scene of hostilities beyond the Potomac . The execution of this purpose also embraced the expulsion of the force under General Milroy, which had infested the lower Shenandoah Valley, during the proceeding winter and spring . If unable to attain the valuable results which might be expected to follow a decided advantage grain over the enemy in Maryland or Pennsylvania, it was hoped that we should at least so far disturb his plan for the summer campaigns as top prevent its execution during the season of active operations . The command of Longstreet and Ewell were pout in motion, and encamped around Culpeper Court-House June 7. As soon as their march was discovered by the enemy, he threw a force across the Rappahannock, about 2 miles below Fredericksburg, apparently for the purpose of observation . Hill's corps was left to watch these troops, with instructions to follow the movements of the army as soon as they should retire. The cavalry, under General Stuart, which had been concentrated near Culpeper Court-House, was attacked on June 9 by a large force of Federal cavalry, supported by infantry, which crossed the Rappahannock at Beverly and Kelley's Fjords . After a severe engagement, which continued from early in the morning until late in the afternoon, the enemy was complied to recross the river with heavy loss, leaving about 500 prisoners, 3 pieces of artillery, and several colors in our hands . General Imboden and General Jenkins had been ordered to cooperate in the projected expedition into they Valley, General Imboden by moving toward Romney with his command, to prevent the troops guarding the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad from the re-enforcing those at Winchester, m while General Jenkins advanced directly toward the latter place with his cavalry brigade, supported by a battalion of infantry and a battery of the Maryland Line. General Ewell left Culpeper Court-House on June 10. He crossed the branches of the Shennandoah near Front Royal, and reached Cedarville on the 12th, where he was joined by General Jenkins . Detaching General Rodes with his division, and the greater part of Jenkin's brigade, to dislodge a force of the enemy stationed at Beryville, General Ewell, with the rest of his command, moved upon Winchester, Johnson's division by the Front Royal road, Early's by the Valley turnpike, which it entered at Newton, where it was joined n by the Maryland troops .

BATTLE OF WINCHESTER .

The enemy was driven in on both roads, and our troops halted in line of battle near the town on the evening of the 13th. The same

