
day the force which had occupied Berryville retreated to Winchester on the approach of General Rodes The following morning, General Ewell ordered General Early to carry an entrenched position northwest of Winchester, near the Youngstown road, which the latter officer, upon examining the ground would command the principal fortifications. To cover the movement of General Early, General Johnson took position between the roads to Millwood and that Berryville, and advanced his skirmishers toward the town . General Early, leaving a portion of his command to engage the enemy's attention, with the about 5 p. m., twenty pieces of artillery, under Lieutenant Colonel H. P. Jones opened sudden; y upon the intrechments . The enemy's guns were soon silenced . Hays brigade then advanced to the assault, and carried the works by storm, capturing six rifled pieces, tow of which were turned upon and dispersed a column which was forming to retake the position . The enemy immediately abandoned the works on the left of those taken by Hays, and retired into his main fortifications, which General Early prepared to assail in the morning . The loss of the advanced works, however, rendered the officers untenable, and the enemy retreated in the night, abandoning his sick and wounded, together with his artillery, wagons, and stores . Anticipating such a movements, as soon as he heard of Early's success, General Ewell directed General Johnson to occupy, with part of his command a point on the Martinsburg road, about 2 and 1/2 miles from Winchester, where he could either intercept the enemy's retreat, or aid in an attack should further resistance be offered in the morning. General Jonson marched with Nichols ' and part of Steuart's brigade s, accompanied by Lieutenant-Colonel [R. S.]Andrews with a detachment of his artillery, the Stonewall Brigade being ordered to follow . Finding the road to the palace indicated by General Ewell difficult of passage in the darkness, General Johnson pursued that leading by Jordan Springs to Shephenson's Depot, where he took a favorable position on the Martinsburg road, about 5 miles from Winchester . Just as his line was formed, the retreating column, consisting of the main body of General Milroy's army, arrived, and immediately attacked him . The enemy, though in superior force, consisting of both infantry and cavalry, was gallantly repulsed, and, finding all efforts to cut his way unavailing, he sent strong flanking parties simultaneously to the right and left, still keeping up a heavy fire in front, The partly on the right was driven back and pursued by the Stonewall Brigade, which opportunely arrived . That on the left and dispersed by the Second and tenth Louisiana Regiments, aided by the artillery, and in short time nearly the whole infantry force, amounting to more than 2, 300 men, with eleven stands of colors, surrendered the cavalry along escaping . General Milroy, with a small of fugitives, fled to Harper's Ferry . The number of prisoners taken in this action exceeded the force engaged under General Jonson, who speaks in terms of well-deserved praise of the conduct of the officers and men of his command . In the meantime, General Rodes marched from Berryville to Martinsburg, reaching the latter place in the afternoon of the 14th . The enemy made a show of resistance, but soon gave way, the cavalry and artillery retreating toward Williamsport, the infantry toward Shepherdstown, under cover of night. The route taken by

