
the later was not known until it was too late to follow; but the former were pursued so rapidly, Jenkins'troops leading, that they were forced to abandon five of their six pieces of artillery. About 200 prisoners were taken, but the enemy destroyed most of hi stores. These operations resulted in the expulsion of the enemy from the Valley; the capture of 4, 000 prisoners, with a corresponding number of small-arms; 28 pieces of superior artillery, including those taken by General Rodes and Hays; about 300 wagons and as many horses, together with a considerable quantity of ordnance, commissary and quartermaster's stores. Our entire loss was 47 killed, 219 wounded, and 3 missing.

MARCH INTO PENNSYLVANIA.

On the night of Ewell's appearance at Winchester, the enemy in front of A. P. Hill, at Fredericksburg, recrossed the Rappahannock, and the whole army of General Hooker withdrew from the north side of the river. In order to mislead him as to our intentions, and at the same time protect Hill's corps in its march up the Rappahannock, Longstreet left Culpeper Court-house on the 15th, and, advancing along the eastern side of the Blue Ridge, occupied Ashby's and Snicker's Gaps. He had been joined, while at Culpeper, by General Pickett, with three brigades of his division. General Stuart, with three brigades of cavalry, moved on Longstreet's right, and took position in front of the Gaps. Hampton's and [W. E.]Johne's brigades remained along the Rappahannock and Hazel Rivers, in front of Culpeper Court-House, with instructions to follow the main body as soon as Hill's corps had passed that point. On the 17th, Fitz. Lee's brigade, under Colonel Munford, which was on the road to Sniker's Gap, was attacked near Aldie by the federal cavalry. The attack. was repulsed with loss and the brigade held its ground until ordered to fall back, its right being threatened by another body, coming from Hopewell toward Middleburg. The later force was driven from Middleburg, and pursued toward Hopewell by Robertson's brigade, which arrived about dark. Its retreat was intercepted by W. H. F. Lee's brigade, under Colonel Chambliss, jr., and and the greater part of a regiment captured. During the three succeeding days there was much skirmishing, General Stuart taking a position west of Middleburg. where he awaited the rest of his command. eneral

one's arrived on the 19th, and General Hampton in the afternoon of the following day, having repulsed, on his march, cavalry force sent to reconnoiter in the direction of Warrenton. On the 21th, the enemy attacked infantry and cavalry, and obliged General Stuart, after a brave resistance, to fall back to the gaps of the mountains. The enemy retired the next day, having advanced only a short distance beyond Upperville. In these engagements, the cavalry sustained a loss of 510 killed wounded, an missing. Among them were several valiable officers, whose names are mentioned in General Stuart's report. One piece of artillery was disabled and left on the field. The enemy's loss was heavy. About 400 prisoners were taken and several stand of colors. The Federal Army was apparently guarding the approaches to Washington, and manifested no disposition to assume the offensive. In the meantime, the progress of Ewell, who was already in Maryland, with Jenkin's cavalry advanced into Pennsylvania as far as

