
BATTLE OF GETTYSBURG

Hill's corp. was accordingly ordered to move toward Cashtown on the 29th, and Longstreet to follow the next day, leaving Pikket's division at Chambersburg to guard the rear until relieved by Imboden. General Ewell was recalled from Carlise, and directed to join the army at Cashtown of the enemy to the latter place was unknown, and the weather being inclement, the march was conducted with view to the comfort of the troops. Heat's division reached Cashtown on the 29th the following morning Pettigrew's brigade, sent by General Heth to procure supplies at Gettysburg, found it occupied by the enemy. Being ignorant of the extent of his force, General Pattigrew was unwilling to hazard an attack with his single brigade, and returned to Cashtown. General Hill arrived with Pender's division in the evening, and the following morning 9 July advanced with these two divisionis accompanied by Pegram's and McIntosh's battalions of artillery to ascertain the strength of the enemy, whose force was supposed to consist chiefly of cavalry. The leading division under General Heth, found the enemy's vedettes about 3 miles west of Gettysburg, and continued to advance until within a mile of the town, when two brigades were sent forward to reconnoiter. They drove in the advance of the enemy very gallantly, but subsequently encountered largely superior numbers, and were compelled to retire with loss, Brigadier-General Archer, commanding of the brigades, being take prisoner. General Heth then prepared for action, and as soon as Pender arrived to support him, was ordered by General Hill to advance. The artillery was placed in position, and the engagement opened with vigor. General Heth pressed the enemy steadily back, breaking his first and second lines, and attacking his third with great resolution. About 2. 30p. m. the advance of Ewell's corps; consisting of Rodes division, With Carter's battalion of artillery, arrived by the Middletown road, and, forming on Heth's left, nearly at right angles with his line, became warmly engaged numbers of the enemy. Heth's troop shaving suffered heavily in their protracted contest with a superior force, were Heidlersburg road soon afterward, took position on the left of Rodes when a general advance was made. The enemy gave way on all sides, and was driven trough Gettysburg with great loss. Major-General Reynolds, who was in command, was killed. More than 5, 000 prisoners, exclusive of a large number of wounded, three pieces artillery, and several colors were captured. Among the prisoners were two brigadier-generals, one of whom was badly wounded. Our own loss was heavy including a number of officers. among whom were Major-General Heth, slightly, and Brigadier-General Scales, of Pender's division, severely, wounded. The enemy retired to a range of Hills south of Gettysburg, where he displayed a strong force of infantry and artillery. It was ascertained from the prisoners that we been engaged with two corps of the army formerly commanded by General hooker, and that the remainder of that army, under General Meade, was approaching Gettysburg. Without information as to its proximity, the strong position which the enemy had assumed could not be attacked without danger of exposing the four divisions present, already weakened and by a long and bloody struggle, to

