
tion upon the enemy's right, to be converted into a real attack should opportunity offer. About 4. p. m. Longstreet's batteries opened, a soon afterward Hood's division, on the extreme right, moved to the attack. McLaws followed somewhat later, four of Anderson's brigades, those of Wilcox, Perry[A. R.]Wroght, and Posey supporting him of the left, in the order name. The enemy was soon driven from his position of the Emmisburg road to the cover of a ravine and a line of stone fences at the foot of the ridge in his rear. He was dislodged from these after a severe struggle, and retired up the ridge, leaving a number of his batteries in our possession. Wilcox's and Wright's brigades advanced with great gallantry, breaking successive lines of the enemy's infantry, and compelling him to abandon much of his artillery. Wilcox reached the foot and Wright gained to crest of the ridge itself, driving the enemy down the opposite side; but having become separated from McLaws and gone beyond the other two brigades and compelled to retire, being unable to bring off any of the captured artillery. McLaws left also left back, and, it being mow barley dark, General Longstreet determined to await the arrival of General Pickett. He disposed his command to hold the ground gained on the right, withdrawing his left to the first position from which the enemy had been driven. Four pieces of artillery, several hundred prisoners, and two regimental flags were taken. As soon as the engagement began on outright, General Johnson opened with is artillery, and about two hours later advanced up the hill next to Cemetery Hill with three brigades, the fourth being detained by a demonstration on his left. Soon afterward, General Early attacked Cemetery Hill with two brigades, supported by a third, the fort having been previously detached. The enemy had greatly increased by earthworks the strength of position assailed by Johnson and Early. The troops of the former moved steadily up the steep and rugged ascent, under a heavy fire, driving the enemy into his intrechments, part of which was carried by Steuart's brigade; and a number of prisoner taken. The contest was continued to a late hour, but

without further advantage. On Cemetery Hill, the attack by Early's leading brigade-those of Hays and Hoke, under Colonel[I. E.]Avery-was made with vigor. Two lines of the enemy's infantry were dislodged from the cover of some stone and board fences on the side of the ascent, and driven back into the works on the crest, into which our troops'forced their way, and seized several pieces of artillery. A heavy force advanced against their right, which was without support and they were compelled to retire, bringing with them about 100 prisoners and four stand of colors. General Ewell had directed General Rodes to attack in concert with Early, covering his right, and had requested Brigadier-General Lane, then commanding Pender's division, to co-operate on the right of Rodes. When the time to attack arrived, General Rodes, not having his troops in position was unprepared to co-operate with General Early, and before he could get in readiness the latter had been obliged to retire for wan of the expected support of his right. General Lane was prepared to give the assistance required of him, and so informed General Rodes, but the latter deemed in useless to advance after the failure of Early's attack.

