
In this engagement our loss in men and officers was large. Major-Generals Hood and Pender, Brigadier-General[J, M,]Jones, Semmes, G. T. Anderson, and Barksdale, and Colonel Avery, commanding Hoke's brigade, were wounded the last two mortally. Generals Penders and Semmes died after their removal to Virginia. The result of this day operations induced the belief that, with proper concert of action, and with the increased support that the positions gained on the right would enable the artillery to render the assaulting columns, we should ultimately succeed, and it was accordingly determined to continue the attack. The general plan was unchanged. Longstreet, re-enforced by Pickett's brigades, which arrived near the battle field during the afternoon of the 2d, was ordered to attack the next morning, and General Ewell was directed to assail enemy's right at the same time. The latter, during the night, re-enforced General Johnson with two brigades from Rode's and one from Early's division. General Longstreet dispositions were not completed as early as was expected, but before notice could be sent to General Ewell, General Johnson had already become engaged, and it was too late to recall him. The enemy attempted to recover the works taken the preceding evening, but was repulsed, and General Johnson attacked in turn. After a gallant and prolonged struggle, in which the enemy was forced to abandon part of his intrechments, General Johnson found himself unable to carry the strongly fortified crest of the hill. The projected attack on the enemy's left not having been made, he was enabled to hold is with right a force larger superior to the ofGeneral Johnson, and finally to threaten his flank a rear, rendering it necessary for him to retire to his original position about 1 p. m. General Longstreet was delayed by a force occupying the high, rocky hills of the enemy's extreme left, from which is troops could be attacked in reverse the day previous by the same cause, and he now demanded necessary to defend his flank a rear with the divisions of Hood and McLaws. He was, therefore, re-enforced by Heth's division and two brigade of Pender's to the command of which Major-General Trimble was assigned. General Hill was directed to hold is assistance, if required, and avail himself of any success that might be gained. A careful examination was made of the ground secured by Longstreet, and his batteries placed in positions, which, it was believed, would enable them of silence those of the enemy. Hill's artillery and part of Ewell's was ordered to open simultaneously, and the assaulting column to advance under cover of the combined fire of the three. The batteries there directed to be pushed forward as the infantry progressed, protect their flanks, and support their attacks closely. About 1. p. m., at a given signal, a heavy cannonade was opened, and continued for about two hours with market effect upon the enemy. His batteries replied vigorously at first, but toward the close their fire slackened perceptibly, and General Longstreet ordered forward the column of attack, consisting of Pickett's and Heth's division. in two lines, Pickett on the right. Wilcox's brigade marched in rear of Pickett's right, to guard that flank, and Heat's was supported by Lane's and Scale's brigades, under General Trimble.

