
The troops moved steadily on, under a heavy fire of musketry and artillery, the main attack being directed against the enemy's left center. His batteries reopened as soon as they appeared. Our own having nearly exhausted their ammunition in the protracted cannonade that preceded the advance of the infantry, were unable to reply, or render the necessary support to the attacking party. Owing to this fact, which was unknown to me when the assault too place, the enemy was enabled, to throw a strong force of infantry against our left, already wavering under a concentrated fire of artillery from the ridge in front, and from Cemetery Hill, on the left. It finally gave way, and the right, after penetrating the enemy's lines, entering his advance works, and capturing some of his artillery, was attacked simultaneously in front and on both flanks, and driven back by heavy loss. The troops were rallied, but the enemy did not pursue. A large number of brave officers and men fell or were capture on this occasion. Of Pickett's three brigade commanders, Generals Armisted and[R. B.]Garnett were killed, and General Kemper dangerously wounded. Major-General Trimblr, and Brigadier-General Pettigrew were also wounded, the former severely. The movements of the army preceding the battle of Gettysburg had been much embarrassed by the absence of the cavalry. As soon at is was known hat the enemy had crossed into Maryland, orders were sent to the brigades of[B. H.]Robertson and [William E.]jones, which had been left to guard the passes of the Blue Ridge, to rejoin the army without delay, and it was expected that General Stuart, whit the remainder of his command, would soon arrive. In the exercise of the discretion

given him when Longstreet and Hill marched into Maryland, General Stuart determined to pass around the rear of the Federal Army with three brigades and cross the Potomac between it the Washington, believing that he would the able, by that route, to place himself on our right flank in time to keep us properly advised of the enemy's movements. He marched from salem on the night of June 24, intending to pass west of Centervile, but found the enemy's forces so distributed as to render that route impracticable. Adhering to his original plan, he was forced to make a wide detour through Buckland and Brentsvillew, and crossed the Occoquan at Wolf Run Shoalson the morning of the 27th. Continuing his march trough Fairfax Court-House and Dranesville, he arrived at the Potomac, below the mouth of Seneca Creek, in the evening. He found the river much swollen by the recent rains, but, after great exertion, gained the Maryland shore before midnight with his whole command. Hew now ascertained that the Federal Army, which he had discovered to be drawing toward the Potomac, had crossed the day before, and was moving toward Frederick, thus interposing it self between him and our forces. He accordingly marched northward, trough Rockville and Westminster, to Hanover, Pa., where he arrived on the 30th., but the enemy advanced with equal rapidity on his left, and continued to obstruct communication with our main body. Supposing, from such information as he could obtain, that part of

21 R R-VOL XXVII, PT II

