
the army was at Carlisle, he left Hanover that night, and proceeded thither by hay of Dover. He reached Carlisle on July 1, where he received orders to proceed to Gettysburg. He arrived in the afternoon of the following day, and took position on General Ewell's left. His leading brigade under General Hampton, encountered and repulsed a body of the enemy's a cavalry at Hunterstown, endeavoring to reach our rear. General Stuart had several skirmishes during his march, and at Hanovar quite a severe engagement took place with a strong force of cavalry, which was finally compelled to withdraw from the town. The prisoners taken by the cavalry and paroled at various places amounted to about 800, and at Rockville a large train of wagons coming to Washington was intercepted and captured. Many of the were destroyed, but 125, with all the animals of the train, were secured. The ranks of the cavalry were much reduced by its long and forage, but the day after its arrival at Gettysburg it engaged the enemy's cavalry with unabated spirit, and effectually protected of left. In this action, Brigadier-General Hampton was seriously wounded, while acting whit his accustomed gallantry. Robertson's and Jone's brigades arrived on July 3, and were stationed upon our right flank. The severe loss sustained by the army and the reduction of its ammunition, rendered another attempt to dislodge the enemy inadvisable, and it was, therefore, determined to withdraw. The trains, with such of the wounded as could bear removal, were ordered to Williamspotr on July 4, part moving trough Cashtown and Greencastle, escorted by General Imboden, and the remainder by the Fairfield road. The army retained int position until dark, when it was put in motion for the Potomac by the last named route. A heavy rain continued throughout the night, and so much impeded its progress that Ewell's corps, which brought up the rear, didn't leave Gettysburg until late in the forenoon, and, after an arduous march we arrived at Hagerstown in the afternoon of the 6th and morning of July 7. The great length of our trains made it difficult to guard them effectually in passing trough the mountains, and a number of wagons and ambulances were captured. They succeeded in reaching Williamsport on the 6th, but were unable to cross the Potomac on account of the high stage of water. Here they were attacked by a strong force of cavalry and artillery, which was gallantly repulsed by General Imboden, whose command had been strengthened by several batteries and by two regiments of infantry, which had been detached at Winchester to guard prisoners, and were returning to the army. While the enemy was being held in check, General Stuart arrived with the cavalry, which had performed valuable service in guarding the flanks of the army during the retrograde movement, and, after a short engagement, drove him from the field. The rains that had pre- vailed almost without intermission since our entrance into Maryland and greatly interfered with our movements, had made the Potomac

