
The foregoing contains a full report of the operations at Harper's Ferry to the time I was relieved of the command by Major -General French.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

Dan. Tyler,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Lieutenant Colonel Donn Piatt, Chief of Staff, Eight Army Corps.

Headquarters Delaware Department, Wilmington, De., August 18, 1863.

SIR: On the 9th I addressed you, through my assistant adjutant-general, in answer to your telegram of the same date, suggesting that information as to the evacuation of Martinsburg could be obtained from the headquarters of the Middle Department, Baltimore. There are certain omissions connected with the affair at Martinsburg in my official report which I wish to place before you are the judge advocate. Special Orders, No. 159, June 13, was put in my hands at 10 p. m. on the day it was issued, and at 12 o'clock, by a special train, I left for Harper's Ferry. Arrived at Harper's Ferry at 5 o'clock, and after consulting Brigadier-General Kelley, as directed by the order, who assured me that he knew from his scouts that not a man excepting Imboden's, Jone's, and Jackson's corp were in the Valley (Ewell's entire corps were then at Winchester), I proceeded to Martinsburg, arriving there at 8 a. m., and found Colonel Smith's pickets already engaged with the enemy. Immediately on arriving, I telegraphed Colonel Piatt, chief of staff, as follows:

Martinsburg, June 14, 1863-8 a. m.

Colonel Donn Piatt, Chief of Staff, Baltimore:

If there is not a great scare here, the enemy is advancing on Martinsburg in considerable force, and is not over 3 miles distant. Parts of two regiments and one battery are our whole force, and as soon as we know the truth I shall decide what we shall do, and in the meantime we are preparing for alternatives, and hope to choose the best.

Dan. Tyler,

Brigadier-General.

At 10 o'clock, the following telegrams was sent to Colonel Piatt:

Martinsburg, W. Va., June 14, 1863-10 a. m.

Colonel Piatt, Chief of Staff:

A scout has just arrived with a dispatch from Milroy, whose headquarters h left at 11 o'clock last night . Milroy's report Ewell's entire corps in and around Winchester, June 13, 15, 000 to 18, 000 strong, with Jone's and Imboden's forces ; that they fought yesterday with success; quite a loss on both sides. Milroy advises Smith at Martinsburg, to be on his guard, as he apprehends a raid on Martinsburg and Harper's Ferry.

Dan. Tyler,

Brigadier-General.

3 R R-VOL XXVII, PT II

