
On June 5, when preparations were in progress for a removal of general headquarters on the new campaign, the First and Second Corps having already marched toward Culpeper, the enemy appeared in some force opposite Fredericksburg, and in the afternoon opened a heavy artillery fire near the mouth of Deep Run under cover of which they established, as some mouths before, a pontoon bridge, and pushed across a body of infantry. That evening and the following morning were employed in adjusting the artillery and other troops of the Third Corps left on the Fredericksburg Heights for this very contingency. But Indications being satisfactory that the movement was only feint, the commanding general soon after midday moved forward. According to instruction, my own course also directed toward Culpeper where, after a bivouac for the night, we arrived early on Sunday morning, June 7. On the afternoon of june 13, the Second Corps, Lieutenant-General Ewell commanding, which had a day or two before marched from Culpeper, approached Whinchester, and Lieutenant-Colonel[R. S.] Andrews' artillery battalion operated with effect in driving back the enemy's advance on the Front Royal road. In the attack upon the enemy's fortifications next day, resulting in his hasty retreat and the capture of his guns and stores, most valuable service was rendered by the artillery under the immediate command of Lieutenant-Colonel[H. P.]Jones, and the general charge of the acting chief of artillery for the corps, Colonel J. T. Brown. The works and their armament were alike formidable, and that they were thus rendered untenable by the enemy evinces at once the skill with which our batteries were disposed and the resolution with which they were served. The death of Captain[C.]Thompson, of the Louisiana Guard Artillery, a most gallant and esteemed officer, was part of the price this victory. Retreating toward Charelstown, the enemy, near Jordan Springs, on the morning of the 15th, encountered with Johnson's division, which had marched to intercept him, Lieutenant-Colonel Andrews' artillery battalion. The sharp action ensuing, which resulted in the rout of the enemy and capture of most his men, was especially remarkable for the unexampled steadiness with artillery fought infantry skirmishers at close quarters. Lieutenant[Charles S.] Contee, who commanded a section, in a contest of this kind distinguished himself by cool and persistent daring, and several noncommissioned officers are mentioned by their commanders as evincing like gallantry. Lieutenant-Colonel Andrews and Lieutenant Contee were in this affair painfully, though not very dangerously, wounded. While these events were transpiring at and near Winchester, General Roders' division accompanied by Lieutenant-Colonel Carter's artillery battalion, having marched by Berryville, approached Martinsburg, where was an additional force of the enemy. Under the well-directed fire of Colonel carter's batteries, that force speedily abandoned the town, leaving in twenty-three captured in Winchester, five superior field guns. In these several engagements our batteries lost 6 men killed and 15 wounded The second Corps, in its subsequent advance the potomac into Maryland and Pennsylvania, was attended by its five battalions, Lieutenant-colonel Carter's, lieutenant-Colonel Andrews', Lieutenant-Colonel Jones', Colonel Brown's, and Lieutenant Colonel[William] Nelson's, the three formed marching with Rodes', Johnson's, and Early's divisions, the two later constituting a corps reserve.

