
with freshness and vigor upon the batteries and infantry that had been pressing the third corps, and when these turned upon their new assailants, they were handsomely enfiladed by the batteries of McIntosh and Pegram, posted in front of our lookout on the left and right of the road. To counteract this damaging double attack, the enemy made, especially with artillery, such effort as he could. Observing the course of events, the commanding general suggested whether position on the right could not be found to enfilade the valley between our position and town and enemy's batteries next the town. My services were immediately tendered, and the endeavor made. Where the Fairfield road crosses one range of hills was the farthest to the right admissible, as there was no infantry support near, and a wooded height a few hundred yards beyond seemed occupied by the enemy. Here some guns that had been sent for from McIntosh's battalion were posted, under Captain M. johnson; but at he advance them and open fire was not deemed proper till some infantry should arrive, the need of which had been promptly reported. They were more or less under fire from the first. Meanwhile the enemy yielded ground on the left. Our batteries as well as infantry were advanced, and additional troops came up. Garnett's battalion moved to the front slightly participating in the fight, and then, under cover of a hill near the brick seminary, awaited orders. Poague's battalion also arrived and moved to Garnett's right into line under cover across the Fairfield road, between Captain Johnson's position on the town. Having sent members of my staff to reconnoiter the woods on the right, and explore, as well as they might be able, a road observed along a ravine back of those woods, I now pushed forward on the Fairfield road to the ridge adjoining the town, intending to put there Garnett's and other guns which had been previously ordered forward. The position was within range of the hill beyond the town, to which the enemy was retreating, and where he was massing his batteries. General Ramseur coming up from the town, which his command had just occupied, met me at this point, and requested that our batteries might not the open, as they would draw a concentrated fire upon his men, much exposed. Unless as part of a combined assault, I at once saw it would be worse than useless to open fire there. Captain [V.] Maurin, of Garnett's battalion, in command of several batteries, was therefore directed to post his guns, and be ready, but to keep his horses under cover, and not to fire till further orders. Having further examined this ridge, and communicated with Colonel Walker, chief of artillery Third Corps, I returned across the battlefield, and sent to inform the commanding general of the state of facts, especially of the road to the right, believed to be important toward a flank movement against the enemy in his new position. While these operation occured, Andrew's battalion and the two reserve battalions, Second Corps, came up with Johnson's division on the Cashtown road, and proceeded to join the other troops of their corps on the left, and Colonel Brown, acting chief of artillery for that corps, sent to find, if practicable, an artillery road toward a wooded height commanding the enemy's right. No further attack, however, was made, and night closed upon the scene. Early on the morning of the 2d, the enemy being now strongly posted on the heights to which he had retired the previous evening, the artillery of the Second Corps occupied positions from the seminary Hill, around to the left, the gallant Major [J. W.] Latimer,

