
in their advanced position. And had our resources allowed ammunition for the artillery to play another day, the tremendous part it had performed on this his stronghold could scarcely have sufficed to save the enemy from rout and ruin. In the defensive Measures directed for the 4th, my care was given to the whole line. The batteries on the right an left were drawn back and kept ready for emergencies. Two batteries of Garnett's battalion Third Corps, two of Eshleman's, First Corps, and one of Jones', Second Corps, were detailed to report to General Imboden, at Cashtown, and aid in guarding the main wagon train back to Williamsport. The battalions generally remained in position most of the day. Nothing, however, was attempted by the enemy. That night artillery and infantry all moved to the rear. After some casualties incident in part to be progress of such a train in an enemy's country, through mountains infested by cavalry detachments, the batteries accompanying General Imboden arrived with the train at Williamsport late on the 5th, and, on the 6th, did excellent service in repelling an attack of the enemy. On the 7th, the artillery, with the body of the army, encamped near Hagerstown, without material incident since leaving Gettysburg. Men and animals were, however, much fatigued, and the latter greatly worn down by the hard service they had endured with late fare and by heavy draught in roads by continued rain, with numbers reduced by losses in battle. On the 10th, attack being threatened by the enemy, the artillery, partaking the hopeful expectations of the whole army, earnestly participated in forming an extended an fortified line of battle, whose left rested on heights west of Hagerstown, and right on the Potomac, some miles below Williamsport. In full expectation of a decisive battle here, the army was, by the commanding general, called upon for its utmost efforts, and I was specially directed to see that everything possible was accomplished by the artillery. Accordingly, for three days, during which the enemy was waited for, my best energies were given, with those of others, to the work of arrangement and preparation. The enemy, however, prudently forbore, and, it being undesirable to await him longer, our army was, on the night of the 13th, withdraw to the south bank of the Potomac. In this movement, necessarily involving much labor, greatly increased difficulty was imposed upon those responsible for artillery operations by the enfeebled condition of horses drawing through roads saturated with rain, and by the swollen state of the river, which confined the whole army, train and all, to one route across the pontoon bridge at Falling Waters. Still, the task was cheerfully undertaken, and in the main successfully accomplished. With the exception of a few caissons abandoned by some officers because teams could draw them no longer, and two guns left by those in changer for like reason, the battalions were entirely across by noon of the 14th. After crossing, Carter's guns were placed in position on the hill just below the bridge, and some of Garnett's on that just above. Lane's 20-pounder Parrots were also posted some distance farther down, and [W. B.] Hurt's Whirtworths higher up, all to repel an expected advance of the enemy. A few only of his guns, however, approached, and threw a shell or two though they took care keep out of view. A small body of skirmishers, beside ventured rather nearer, but they were speedily dispersed by some well-directed shots, and cannon were there needed no longer.

23 R R-VOL XXVII, PT II

