
In this Pennsylvania expedition our artillery lost:

Command	Killed	Wounded	Missing	Total

First Corps:	 2	 9	 ---	 11

Officers

Enlisted men	 45	 215	 42	 302

Second Corps:	 2	 8	 ---	 10

Officers

Enlisted men	 28	 94	 5	 127

Third Corps:	 1	 9	 2	 12

Officers

Enlisted men	 16	 102	 28	 146

TOTAL	 94	 437	 77	 608

Of the officers lost, Captain [J. C.] Fraser, Cabell's battalion, First Corps, claims tribune of grateful honor. No soldier of more unflinching nerve and efficient energy has served the Confederacy in its struggle for existence. He fell, severely wounded, at Gettysburg, and has since yielded his life for his country. Besides the two serviceable guns mentioned as lost from failure of teams near the Potomac, the enemy got three of our disabled pieces, of which two were left on the field as worthless, and one sent to the rear was captured by his cavalry, with a few wagons from the train. We wrested from him, on the battle- field at Gettysburg, three 10-pounder Parrotts, one 3-inch rifle, and three Napoleons, all ready for use against himself. In the operation thus imperfectly reported, officers and men, almost without exception, evinced in high degree the important virtues of courage, fortitude, and patience. Shrinking from no danger at the call of duty, they accepted with equal fidelity the hardships incident to just forbearance and stern service in an enemy's country. Alternating heat and protracted storms aggravated other trials. The arid hills of Gettysburg afford no springs, and wells are there speedily exhausted. Many, therefore, were the sufferers from thirst in this long midsummer conflict. Subdequentlu, on the march, scarcely less was endurance taxed by pouring rain and night. Yet all this, and whatever else occurred, was borne with ready acquiescence and steady resolution Where great merit is so prevalent, individual instances can scarcely be distinguished without danger of injustice to others. Certain cases of special heroism are, however, mentioned by several commanders, whose reports present the facts. On all such details, and all the minutia of operations, more exact information is contained in the several reports of corps chiefs of artillery and battalion commanders, herewith submitted, than can be presented in a general statement. Regretting that no more could be achieved in the campaign, yet grateful for what has been accomplished, and for the still-increasing strength with which we are enabled to wield this great arm of defense, I have the honor to be, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Artillery.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding.

