
No. 429. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Briscoe G. Baldwin, C. S. Army, Chief of Ordnance, of artillery captured and lost during the Pennsylvania Campaign.

ORDNANCE OFFICE, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, January 19, 1864.

Captured and brought of from the field at Gettysburg, in the actions of July 1 and 2, 1863, seven pieces of artillery. Left near the battle-field, one 12-pounder howitzer and carriage, which was afterward secured and brought off in a wagon of the reserve ordnance train, the carriage having been destroyed on the field. Abandoned on the road near Fairfield, one 12-pounder howitzer and carriage, one 6-pounder bronze gun and carriage, which were afterward secured and brought off in wagons, carriages having been destroyed. Number of pieces of artillery actually gained, seven. Two pieces and carriages lost and Falling Waters not reported to me.

BRISCOE G. BALDWIN,

Lieutenant Colonel Chief of Ordnance, Army of Northern Virginia.

No. 430. Report of Lieutenant General James Longstreet, C. S. Army, commanding First Army Corps.

HDQRS. 1ST ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Near culpeper Court-House, July 27, 1863.

COLONEL: in obedience to orders from the commanding general, my command marched from Fredericksburg, on June 3, for Culpeper Court-House. On the 15th, it moved from Culpeper Court-House along the eastern of the Blue Ridge, and, on the 19th, McLaws' division was posted in Ashby's Gap, Hood's at Snicker's Gap, and Pickett's supporting Hood's guarding points between the two Gaps. On June 20, I received a dispatch from general headquarters, directing that I should hold myself in readiness to move in the direction of the Potomac, with a view to crossing, &amp;c. as I was ready, and had been expecting an order to execute such purpose, I supposed the intimation meat other preparation, and, knowing of nothing else that I could do to, render my preparations complete, I supposed that it was desirable that I should cross the Shenandoah. I Therefore passed the river, occupied the banks at the ferries opposite the Gaps, and a road at an intermediate ford, which was practicable for cavalry and infantry. On the following day, the enemy advanced his cavalry in full force against General Stuart, and drove him into and nearly through Ashby's Gap. I succeeded in passing part of McLaws' division across the river in time to occupy the Gap before night, and, upon advancing a line of sharpshooters the next morning at daylight, the enemy retired. I believe that he engaged the sharpshooters lightly. General Lee re-established his cavalry, and McLaws' division was withdrawn to the west bank of the Shenandoah before night.

