
staff office, captain Woodhull, to the Williamsport road, who returned without any information as to Colonel Smith or his regiment, but with the information that the rebels had entered Martinsburg, and were already on or near the Williamsport road. During the absence of Captain Woodhull, I had been looking unsuccessfully for Colonel Smith and hid regiment on the Shepherdstown road, and riding back, met the One hundred and sixth New York near the point where that road turns off from the Williamsport road, and seeing that the Williamsport road was already in possession of the rebels, and nothing heard from Colonel Smith, the only course left was to take Shepherdstown road, and risk the direct march to Harper's Ferry. After marching nearly a mile, Colonel Smith with his regiment was found on the same road. Being a stranger and entirely unacquainted with the roads, and the guides, whom Colonel Smith had notified me were on the field, having disappeared, I had to assure myself by personal inquiry as to the different roads, and it was not until the column was halted and reformed after overtaking Colonel Smith's regiment that I ascertained that Maulsby's battery was not in the column. Seeing artillery moving with the rear of the column, I had supposed the entire battery was present.

Very respectfully your obedient servant,

Daniel Tyler,

Brigadier-General.

Captain R. N. Scott, Judge -Advocate.

Addenda.

Headquarters Delaware Department, Wilmington, De., September 10, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel Donn Piat, Chief of Staff, Eight Army Corps Baltimore, Md.:

Colonel:Some time since I forwarded to the headquarters Middle Department my report of the operations in and around Harper's Ferry, from the 15th to the 26th day of June, 1863, and in justice to myself, in reference to a certain investigation recently made by the War Department, I ask that the report may be sent to the headquarters of the army or to the Secretary of War with such remarks as the major-general commanding may think proper . *I feel it due the service to set forth in this report the facts connected with the administration of affairs previous to my arrival there, and to state that the condition of things on the Maryland shore and on Maryland Heights was such that a sudden attack with a small force on the 14th of June would have successfully carried the works. So far as I could learn,, the troops were doing nothing to strengthen the defenses, and although Brigadier -General Kelley received notice on the 14th of June that he might be attacked, and that Ewell had already attacked Milroy, and that McReynolds had evacuated Berryville, and that Martinsburg was attacked, still, not a move was made at Harper's Ferry ; all the subsistence, forage, ammunition, hospitals and hospital stores, and other similar supplies were left or exposed on the Virginia side, and had the enemy advanced in any force, their capture was inevitable

---------------

.

* Reference is to original of report of July, a copy of which (printed on pp. 19-33) was submitted to the court of inquiry.

---------------

