
DIED.

Barksddade's brigade 51

Kershaw's brigade . 28

Semmes' brigade . 21

Wofford's brigade . 9

Artillery Battalion 4

-----

Total deaths 113

-----

Numbers 432. Report of Brigadier General J. B. Kernshaw, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, McLaws' division.
HEADQUARTERS KERSHAW"s BRIGADE,Near Chattanooga, October 1, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the operations of my command and

from the commencement of the march from Culpeper Court-House

until the return of the army to place.

Tuesday, June 16. -The brigade marched to Sperryville.

17th. -To Mud Run, in Fauguier County. These two days were

excessively hot, and on the 17 many cases of sunstroke occured.

At Gaines' Cross-Roads, the wagons were sent by the way of Front

Royal. Rice's battalion was detached as a guard to the division

train.

18th. -Marched to Piedemont.

19th-To Asby's Gap, were Rice's battalion rejoined the com-

mand.

20th-Crossed the Shenandoah River at Berys' Ford.

21st. -Recrossed, and took position in line of battle near Paris, to

resist a threatened attack of the enemy.

22d. -Returned to camp on western side of river.

23d. -Obtained 503 new arms from Winchester.

24th. -Marched to Summit Point.

25th. -To Martinsburg.

26th. -Crossed Potomac River; encamped near Williamsport.

27th. -Marched by the way of Hagerstown, Middleburg, and Green

castle, and encamped 5 miles from Chambersburg.

28th. -Marched through Chambersburg, and encamped 1 mile

beyond.

Remained in camp until the 30th, when we marched to Fayette-

ville.

July 1. -Anderson's and Johnson's divisions and General Ewell's

wagon train occupied the road until 4p. m., when we marched to a

point on the Gettysburg road, some 2 miles from that place, going

into camp at 12 p. m.

The command was ordered to move at 4 o'clock on the morning of

the 2d, but did not leave camp until about sunrise. We reached the

hill overlooking Gettysburg, with only a slight detention from trainsin the way, and moved to the right of the Third Corps, and were halted until about noon. We were then directed to move under

cover of the hills toward the right, with a view to flanking the enemy cover of the hills toward the right, with a view to flaking the enemy in that direction, if cover could be found to conceal the movement. Arriving at the hill beyond the hotel, at the stone bridge

on the Fairfield road, the column was halted while Generals Longstreet and McLaws reconnoitered the route. After some little delay, the major general commanding returned, and directed a countermarch, and directed a countermarch, and the

