
debted to the members of my staff-Captain [C. R.] Holmes, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant [Alfred E.] Doby, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant [W. M.] Dwight, acting assistant inspector-general-for most efficient services on the field under the most difficult circumstances.

About dark, I was ordered to move my brigade to the left, to the peach orchard, where I remained until noon of the next day, when I was ordered to return to the stone wall. An hour later, I was directed to return to the wall where I had first formed line of battle. Hood's division, then commanded by General Law, was engaged with the enemy's cavalry in his front, his line being formed across our right flank. Lieutenant-General Longstreet directed me to move to the right, so as to connect with Hood's left, retaining my then front. This I did, and remained in that position until the night of the 4th, when, about midnight, I moved with the army, via Franklin, to Monterey.

On the 6th, marched through Hagerstown, via Waterloo, and encamped near Funkstown.

On the 10th, I was directed to proceed, with my own and Semmes' brigades, and a section of [J, C.] Fraser's battery, to the bridge across the Antietam, near Macauley's, and defend that position, the enemy having appeared in force on the other side. Some unimportant skikrmishing occurred here, and next morning I rejoined the division, near the Saint James' College.

We remained in line of battle, with the enemy in front, until the night of the 13th, when we marched to Falling Waters, and recrossed the Potomac on the 14th.

March was continued next day to Bunker Hill, where we rested until the 18th, when we resumed the march for Culpeper Court-House, via Millwood, Front Royal, Chestger Gap, and Gaines' Cross-Roads, arriving at 10 a. m. on the 24th.

I cannot close this report without expressing my thanks to Major W. D. Peck, assistant quartermaster, and Major Joseph Kennedy, acting commissary of subsistence, of the brigade staff, and all the regimental officers of their departments, for their assiduous and efficient exertions during this important campaign.

The reports of regimental commanders accompany this. The casualties have already been reported.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

J. B. KERSHAW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major J. M. GOGGIN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

A D D E N D A.

Casualties in Kershaw's brigade, at the battle of Gettysburg.

Command	Killed	Wounded	Missing	Total

2nd South	 27	 125	 2	 154

Carolina

3rd South	 18	 63	 2	 83

Carolina

7th South	 18	 85	 7	 110

Carolina

8th South	 21	 79	 ---	 100

Carolina

15th South	 21	 98	 18	 137

Carolina

James' battalion	 10	 33	 3	 43

TOTAL	 115	 483	 32	 630

