
No. 433. Report of Major R. C. Maffett, Third South Carolina Infantry.

CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

July 31, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with a circular from brigade headquarters, issued July 30, calling for a report of the operations of this regiment from the time of its leaving Culpeper Court-House until its return

to the same, I submit the following report:

On Tuesday, June 16, we left our camp near Culpeper Court-House, taking the road to Sperryville; moved to that point, and encamped

for the night.

The 17th, passed through Washington, crossing and encamping 4 miles beyond the headwaters of the Rappahannock, in Fauquier

County.

The night of the Manassas Gap Railroad. The march for the past two

days was very hot and dusty, many of the men fainting and falling

by the way-side.

On the 19th, we reached Ash's Gap, in the Blue Ridge, and re-

lieved General Pickett's division, encamping for the night upon the

top of the mountain.

At 5 p. m. of the 20th, we left our camp at the Gap, and forded

the Shenandoah at Berry's Ford, which, from the swollen condition

of the stream, was attended with considerable difficulty and some

danger, and encamped a short distance beyond. Our regiment lost

2, 370 rounds of ammunition by the fording.

On Sunday(21st), we were put in motion at 4p. m., and marched

rapidly across the river back to the top of the Gap, and formed intoline of battle, to repel a threatened attack from cavalry. In thisposition we remained with the other regiments of the brigade until3 p. m. of the 22d, when we returned to our camp.

On June 24, we took up the line of march from Berry's Ford, pass-

ing through Berryville, and encamping for the night at Summit

Point, on the Harper's Ferry and Winchester Railroad.

Early the next day we were upon the march, passing through

Smithfield and Martinsburg, and encamping 1 mile beyond the latter

place.

On the 26th, we moved on the Wiliamsport road fording the Po

tomac in a rain at that point, passing through Williamsport, Md.,

and encamping for the night a short distance beyond.

At daylight on the 27th, we were again en route, passing trough

Hagerstown, Md., as early as 6 a. m. ; reached and passed through

Greencastle, Pa., encamping for the night 5 miles in rear of Cham-

besburg, Pa.

June 28, on the march this morning at a later hour than usual,

passing through an encampment just beyond the limits of the town.

A portion of the 29th was spent in tearing up and burning the

railroad track at this place.

Leaving this point on the morning of June 30, we entered and

moved along the pike leading from Chambesburg to Gettysburg,

same day, our regiment and the --South Carolina were ordered

on picket duty at New Guilford, remaining until relieved next day

by General Law, of hood's division.

