
On July 1, we took up the line of march for Gettysburg, crossing

the mountain gap after nightfall, and resting a few hours on the

edge of the battle-field where General Hill had engaged the enemy

that day.

At an early hour on the morning of July 2, we were moved for-

ward to take up position in line of battle. We moved to the right of the turnpike some distance, and when at Bream's Hotel(afterward our hospital), on the road leading from Gettysburg to Fairfield we were countermarched nearly to the pike that we had left early in the morning, to gain the cover of a range of hills, when we again moved by the right flank to a position 1 1/2 miles in front of the hotel above mentioned.

At 3. p. m. our artillery opened upon the enemy's position at the foot and upon the sides of a mountain range, and at 4 o'clock our regiment, with others, was ordered forward to the attack, across an open plain, 1, 500 yards in width.

Our orders from General Kershaw were to gradually swing round

to the left until nearly facing an orchard, from which the enemy

were pouring a deadly fire of artillery. The wheel was accomplished

in gallant style by the regiment, when we moved forward a

galling fire of grape, shell, and canister. when within 300 or 400

yards of the batteries the order was passed along the line from the right to move by the right flank double-quick. The regiment moved,

in obedience to this order, to the cover of a piece of woods, and

formed upon the left of the seventh South Carolina Regiment, which

was the battalion of direction. In making this move, we lost several

men from enemy's artillery fire. Sheltering ourselves behind

some rocks and trees, the left was directed to open fire upon the artillery of the enemy, while the right was instructed to open fire upon their infantry in our front.

After behind thus engaged for the some time, we found that the right flank was very much exposed, and subject to an enfilade fire. Although fighting gallantly, they were gradually being pressed back. The get our right flank out this cross-fire, and prevent its flank from being too much cut up, it was ordered back, holding the left at the same time firmly in its place. This made the line to be at nearly an acute angle to the first line. In this position the enemy advanced to within 30 yards of us, and, for one than one hour, we held him in check, notwithstanding the repeated re-enforcements brought up by him.

While thus engaged, about 40 men of the Fiftieth Georgia Regiment, under command of its major, came in on our left, and engaged the enemy. We remained in this position, under a heavy fire of musketry at short range in front, and an enfilading fire of grape and shrapnel., from the batteries that the left had filed in entirely silencing, until about dusk, when we were ordered by General Kershaw back to another line a short distance in our rear. Thus ended the fight for the day.

In this position we remained until the heavy cannonading of the

3d, when, acting under orders from the general, we moved to the

right about 300 or 400 yards, and formed behind a stone wall, where

we remained until ordered back to the first line of battle formed on the afternoon of July 2.,

It is proper that Captain [R. E.] Richardson's company (A) was thrown out early in the day as sharpshooters, and were not in th main engagement, but did good service as sharpshooters, and

