
{with other companies from the brigade engaged a column of the enemy's infantry, which was endeavoring to gain our rear. Other companies of the regiment were afterward sent as sharpshooters, who performed the duty assigned them satisfactorily. The regiment went into the fight in as good spirits as ever before observed, and stood their ground gallantly, none leaving the field unless disabled. Our line was not broken during the engagement.

Our loss in the engagement was 83 killed and wounded, 2 of whom were severely wounded during the cannonade of the 3d.

Colonel [J. D.] Nance arrived late in the afternoon of the 3d, and assumed command in person.

On the morning of July 23, while on picket at Gaines' Cross-Roads, I was placed in command of the regiment again, and ordered to follow the division, which was done, encamping for the night within 8 or 9 miles of Culpeper Cour-House.

Early on the morning of the 24th, we moved forward, passing through Culpeper Court-House, and encamping on Mount Jones, on the road leading to Kelly's Ford, on the Rappahannock.

R. C. MAFFETT,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain C. R. HOLMES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 434. Report of Colonel James D. Nance, Third South Carolina Infantry.

AUGUST 6, 1863.

SIR: Little of special interest or importance occured to my command from the afternoon of July 3 to the 22nd of the same month; yet, after reading the report of Major Maffett, detailing the operations of the regiment from the time it started on the recent campaign into Pennsylvania until it returned to Culpeper, I see he has omitted any statement of its operations between the dates above mentioned, because for that time I had command of the regiment. I consider it, therefore, proper that a brief statement should be made as a suplementary report to Major Maffett's.

I returned from my home, where I had been for some time on account of wounds received at Fredericksburg, on the evening of July 3, and assumed command of my regiment. I found the regiment where I was informed the first line of battle was formed on July 2, on the road leading from Gettysburg to Emmitsburg, and in front of the second mountain from the left, which was occupied by the enemy.

We remained in this position, or nearly so, during July 4. The day was marked by considerable skirmishing, and once or twice an attack seemed probable, but none occurred. About 12 o'clock at night, we, in common with the whole command, retired, marching toward Hagerstown, via Fairfield.

The next night we reached and encamped on Jack's Mountain, at Monterey Springs.

On the 5th, we continued the march, via Waterloo, and went into camp about a mile and a half this side of Hagerstown, and a mile

