
from Funkwtown, about 9 p. m. There we remained until the 10th, when we went into line of battle on the Antietam Creek, to the right of a bridge below Funkstown, and at some mills, name unknown. Company I was advanced beyond the bridge, and lost 1 man killed {Private [G. L.] Beasely, while acting as sharpshooters.

We retired at daylight of the 11th, and moved to a point on the right of the Williamsport road, near Saint James' College, where we remained in line of battle behind small breastworks until July 13, when we evacuated our position, and marched, via Downsville, to Falling Waters, where we crossed the Potomac about noon of the next day. This night's march deserves to be characterized as the severest which I have ever witnessed. Its trials were too great for 2 of my men, who fell by the way-side, exhausted, and they have never been heard from since. We them marched, via Martinsburg, Bunker Hill, Brucetown, and Front Royal, to Chester Gap, where the advance of the column met a feeble resistance from the enemy's cavalry. Thence we marched, via Flint Hill, to Gaines' Cross-Roads, where I picketed with my own and the Seventh South Carolina Regiment until the next morning, when, by order of General Kershaw, I assumed command of this brigade, and placed Major Maffett in command of the regiment. The regiment during this time exhibited commendable spirit and discipline.

Respectfully submitted.

JAMES D. NANCE,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain C. R. HOLMES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 435. Report of Colonel H. C. Cabell, C. S. Army, commanding Artillery Battalion.

CAMP NEAR CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, VA., August 1, 1863.

COLONEL: In compliance with your order, at the aerliest period to make a report of the operations of my battalion from the time it left the Rappahannock for Maryland and Pennsylvania until its return, I have the honor to submit the following report:

The battalion left Stanard's farm, about 10 miles in the rear of Fredericksburg, on June 3.

Encamped near Culpeper Court-House June 7. Remained near Culpeper Court-House till the 16th. Were ordered to accompany the division to meet the enemy, who were pressing Stuart's cavalry at Brandy Station. The enemy did not advance, being driven off, as it seemed, by the apperarance of our forces.

On the 16th, resumed the march. We arrived at Ashby's Gap on the 19th, and encamped on the mountain, there being some fighting between the cavalry. Crossed the Shenandoah on the evening of the 20th.

The division recrossed the river, accompanied by Captain Fraser's battery, on the 21 st. Subsequently the rest of the battalion moved across the Shenandoah, and took position at Ashby's Gap, where we again encamped.

