
On the 22d, we again crossed the Shenandoah, and, resuming our march on the 24th, on the 26th crossed the Potomac. We encamped a mile beyond Chambersburg on the 28th.

On July 1, we encamped a few miles from Gettysburg, and, on July 2, moved up with the division. When we commenced to ascend the road leading to the crest of the hill, where the battle was subsequently fought, my battalion moved to the head of the column. Near the crest of the hill, I turned to the right, and placed the battalion in position on the edge of the wood, the right resting near the road leading from Gettysburg to Emmitsburg. One horse was wounded while crossing the field, although this movement was made beyond the view of the enemy. On our right, and slightly in front, the enemy occupied a rocky mountain with several batteries, and directly in front, about 600 or 700 yards distant, were a large number of batteries, occupying a peach orchard. Receiving orders, we opened a most effective fire upon these batteries. Exposed ourselves to a flanking fire from the enemy's mountain batteries, our position gave us a similar advantage in firing upon a large part of his line, which was drawn up nearly parallel with the Emmitsburg road.

The battalion, being first to open fire, received for a short time a concentrated fire from the enemy's batteries. The fire from our lines and from the enemy became incessant, rendering it necessary for us sometimes to pause and allow the smoke to clear away, in order to enable the gunners to take aim. During the same time, two guns were ordered to play upon the batteries on the stony mountain-I have reason to believe with great effect.

The loss of my battalion was very heavy during this cannonading, Captain Fraser, who had always in previous engagements, as in this, set an example of the highest courage, coolness, and gallantry, fell, dangerously wounded by the bursting of a shell. The same shell killed 2 sergeants and 1 man.

Lieutenant [R. H.] Couper, of the same battery, was wounded during the same engagement.

The batteries in the peach orchard were driven off, and our fire was suspended to allow the infantry to advance. The guns on the right continued to fire on the enemy's batteries on the mountain as soon as the infantry had charged.

The next day, finding that Captain Fraser's command was so much crippled by the loss of men, I placed two of his guns(3-inch rifles) in charge of Captain[B. C.]Mamly. These two guns, under command of Lieutenant[J. H.] Payne, of Manly's battery, two 3-inch rifles of captain [E. S.] McCarthy's battery, under command of Lieutenant R. M. Anderson, and two parrott guns of Captain Fraser's battery, under command of Lieutenant [W. J.] Furlong, were ordered to take position on the new and advanced line of battle.

These guns were placed several hundred yards in front of the infantry, near a small brick house, and fronted the road leading from Gettysburg to Emmitsburg. The line of artillery extended up the road for some distance. Captain [H. H.]Carlton's battery and a section of Captain McCarthy's battery (two Napoleons) were ordered to the left of the line, in front of Pickett's division, the guns being placed slightly en echelon, owing to the conformation of the line of battle. Their position was considerably to the left of the brick house, the interval being occupied by batteries of other battalions.

Captain McCarthy, who had, early in the morning, been placed 300 or 400 yards in advance of the skirmishers, fired 20 rounds,

