
and, with a section of another battery, succeeded in driving back an advancing line of the enemy.

The fire of the artillery was opened about 1 p. m. For over two hours the cannonading on both sides was almost continuous and incessant, far, very far, exceeding any cannonading I have ever before witnessed. The last-named batteries were opposite the cemetery position of the enemy. During this cannonading, Lieutenant [Henry] Jennings, a brave and gallant officer, fell, wounded, and, later in the day, Captain Xarlton, who was in action so gallantly commanded his battery, fell, also wounded.

The command of the battery of the upon, and was at once assumed by, First Lieutenant C. W. Motes.

The artillery ceased firing, and part of Pickett's division passed over the ground occupied, slightly shifting the position of the guns, the same position occupied there day before, and engaged the mountain batteries, particularly, with effect.

After Pickett's division was ordered from their assault of the Cemetery Hill, Captain McCarthy and Lieutenant Motes were ordered to move forward, and came in position immediately on the road above mentioned, occupying the left flank of the line extended, upon which were placed the section commanded, respectively, by Lieutenants Anderson, Payne, and Furlong. One of Lieutenant Furlong's guns being entirely out of ammunition, was ordered to the rear. The other piece was placed about 300 yards on the left of his previous

position.

The enemy's sharpshooters were continually firing and annoying us. Only a few of our pickets were in front of us ; no infantry in sight in our rear, but[R. H.] Anderson's division was in the woods, about 400 yards in the rear. The ammunition of the guns was nearly exhausted. The position occupied by these guns was about 700 yards from the Cemetery Hill. The change in the position of the guns was made about 4 p. m., with orders to hold it till night. We fired upon a line of infantry approaching, and, with the other batteries, dispersed them or drove them back. The attack was not renewed. The guns remained in this position till after dark, when they were withdrawn.

During the next day there was but little firing on either side.

During the night of the 4th, we withdrew our position, and, after a most distressing march, encamped at Monterey Springs the night of 5th.

We arrived at Hagerstown the next evening, and encamped about 1 mile from the town.

On July 8, Manly's battery was ordered to picket near Funkstown, Md., on the Antietam.

On Friday, July 10, this battery crossed the Antietam, and went to the assistance of General Stuart's cavalry. It engaged the enemy at about 6 a. m. near the suburbs of Funkstown, and fought him from that position until late in the afternoon, compelling his artillery to change position twice during the engagement. Captain Manly was then ordered by Lieutenant-General Longstreet to report with four guns to Major-General Pickett. He rejoined the battalion after we recrossed the Potomac. Lieutenant[S. M.] Dunn, of this battery, with one gun, remained whit the battalion.

On July 7, First Lieutenant R. M. Anderson, of McCarthy's battery, was ordered to take command of Captain Fraser's battery. Owing

