
to the wounds received by Captain Fraser and Lieutenant Couper, this battery had been left with only one officer.

On the morning of the 10th, the battery was ordered to report to Brigadier- General Kershaw, on the Sharpsburg turnpike. It was placed in position on the right of the road. About 2 o'clock the battery took position on a hill to the left of the bridge over the Antietam, and in close range of the enemy's sharpshooters, who immediately opened a vigorous fire, killing 1 man and slightly wounding another. Lieutenant Anderson opened fire into a brick building on the opposite side of the creek, under cover of with the enemy's sharpshooters were collecting and seriously annoying our forces. After a few rounds from each piece, he succeeded in dispersing them from the house, as well as(from the time) silencing their sharpshooters in his immediate from.

At twilight, he received orders to withdraw his pieces, and to report to Colonel [T. T.] Munford, commanding a brigade of cavalry. Remained with him until about 9 a. m. the following day, when, by order, he reported to the battalion.

Lieutenant Motes, commanding Carlton's battery, reported to Brigadier-General Wofford on the 10th, and was placed in position on the left of the Williamsport and Sharpsburg pike, near Saint James' Church, where he remained till the next evening, when, under orders, he retired to a position on the right of the road.

My battalion was placed in position on this line on both sides of the road, with orders to fortify it, whit was done during the night and the following day.

During the evening of the 13th, I was ordered to send my caisson across the Potomac, and to withdraw my pieces at dark. The order was promptly obeyed, and we recrossed the river, without loss, on the morning of the 14th.

We arrived Culpeper Court-House on the 25th, having encamped, successively, near Bunker Hill; on a farm about 10 miles from Winchester; near Milwood; on the left bank of the Shenandoah; at Gaines' Cross-Roads, and on the right bank of Hazel River. During

this march, although threatened by the enemy, there was no engagement, and we suffered no loss of any kind.

I was much indebted to Major S. P. Hamilton for assistance rendered

me on every occasion.

I desire to return my thanks to my ordnance officer (Lieutenant H. L. Powell) and ordnance sergeant(O. M. Price) for their efficiency. Lieutenant Powell, though wounded, continued on duty.

Captain Manly, in his report, calls attention to-

an act of coolness by Private H. E. Thain, by which many lives were probably saved. Thain was acting No. 6 at one of the guns, while adjusting a fuseigniter, it accidentally exploded, and ignited the fuse already in the shell. He seized the shell, and ran whit several yards from the limber, at the same time drawing the burning fuse from the shell with his fingers.

Captain McCarthy pays the following high, but no less deserved, tribute to Corpl. Allan Morton. who fell on July 3:

In Corpl. Allan Morton the battery lost its best and bravest soldier-one who had endeared himself to all by his unflinching bravery, his strict attention to all duties, and his cheerful obedience to all orders.

Lieutenant Furlong says that he was-

much indebted to Corporals [Alexander] Campbell and [Francis] Keenan for the manner in with their respective pieces.

