
Numbers 436. Report of Captain E. C. McCarthy, First, Richmond Howitzers.

CAMP CABELL, July 31, 1863

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my battery in the battle of Gettysburg:

On the morning of the 2nd of this mouth, I was ordered to move with the battalion in the direction of Gettysburg. When approaching it, I was ordered to remain in reserve; but this order was afterward changed, and I was ordered to the front in position.

Lieutenant R. M. Anderson, aided by Lieutenant [John] Nimmo, in command of my rifle section, opened fire at about 4 p. m. firing until dark, he, by his courage, encouraging the men to stand to their posts under one of the most severe artillery fires that the have ever been subjected to during the war. There were 200 rounds fired from these guns in this engagement. I hat 7 men wounded, 2 seriously, and I lost 13 horses in this engagement. The Napoleon section, while in reserve, was under the fire sustained by the rifle section, the men remaining at their posts, and sometimes relieving the men of the rifle section.

On the morning of the 3d, I was ordered in to position. Reported to Major Eshleman; was placed 300 or 400 yards ind advance of the skirmishers; fired 20 rounds, and, with a section of another battery, succeeded in driving back an advancing line of the enemy. During this short engagement, Volumeter Dewees Ogden was killed while standing manfully at his post.

At about 4 a. m., I was ordered to take another position, ad which I remained during the most of the engagement. At 1. 30 p. m., opened with the line of artillery, firing over 200 rounds from my Napoleon guns. When the infantry were forced back, my guns, with Captain Carlton's battery, were advanced, and handsomely checked the advance of the enemy until our ammunition was exhausted and the section was retired. During this engagement, 1 man was severely wounded.

In the management of this section of my battery, I was ably and efficiently aided by Lieutenant Nimmo, who was with me during the entire day.

The rifled guns, under the command of Lieutenants Anderson and [H. S.] Williams, were engaged during the whole day. One of the pieces was disabled, a wheel being shot away. The other was the last piece to leave the field, and only then after having expended every round of ammunition, including canister, firing during the day over 300 rounds.

This section lost Corpl. Allan Morton killed and 2 men wounded, 1 severely. In Corporal Morton, the battery lost its best and bravest soldier, one who had endeared himself to all by his unflinching bravery, his strict attention to all duties, and his cheerful obedience to all orders. One of the caissons of this section, being disabled by the loss of horses and parts of the carriage, with harness, had to be left upon the field, the enemy at that time advancing rapidly.

I lost, during this day, 10 horses killed and 2 so much disabled as to be subsequently left.

The rifle section fired during the two days' engagement nearly 600 rounds of ammunition, the Napoleons firing 264 rounds.

On the morning of the 4th instant, Lieutenant Nimmo took posi-

