
tion on the line with one Napoleon, and during the day, by a few well-directed shots, checked and advance of the enemy.

The battery was imposition at Hagerstown, though not engaged, and on the retreat had to leave 3 horses, broken down and unable to travel.

The courage of the officers and non-commissioned officers of the battery I have the honor to command incited the men to deeds of valor worthy of any age.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. S. McCARTHY,

Captain.

Colonel H. C. CABELL,

Commanding Battalion Light Artillery.

[P. S.]-I beg leave to respectfully call attention to the condition of two my gun-carriages. They need a thorough overhauling, and without it are liable to break down any moment. The boxes are broken, the wheels sprung, and in a bad condition generally. Such of my horses as are fit for artillery purposes are in good condition.

------

No. 437. Report of Captain B. C. Manly, Company A, First North Carolina Artillery.

July 31, [1863.]

COLONEL: In accordance with orders, I send you an account of the part borne by my battery during the invasion of Pennsylvania and the subsequent battles in Maryland.

I crossed the Potomac with four guns. On Thursday, July 2, when within 2, 5 miles of Gettysburg, Pa., I was ordered to advance on a road that intersected at right angels the Emmitsburg road a short distance south-southwest of Gettysburg. The road on which we moved was perpendicular to the enemy's line, but it was supposed that their left did not extend to this point of intersection to which we were moving. My instructions were, if we gained this point, would be on the enemy's left flank and that I must form line on the left, and attempt to rake their line.

When we arrived within a few hundred yards of the cross-roads mentioned above, we discovered that the enemy held it with a large force of infantry and artillery, which opened upon us immediately.

We forwarded into line by a right-oblique, and came into battery on an eminence a short distance to the right of the road on which we were advancing, at a distance of 700 yards from the enemy's batteries. From this position we engaged the enemy at 2. 30 p. m., giving and receiving a very heavy fire for several hours, until at last, with the assistance of other troops, we succeeded in driving them from their position. During the evening we advanced by a left oblique to the position left by the enemy in a large peach orchard. During the light, I was ordered to resume the position I had occupied during the afternoon.

On Friday, July 3, at 5 a. m. I was ordered to carry my rifled guns to the position occupied by the enemy's batteries the day previous, leaving my smooth-bores in the same position occupied on Thursday, to check the advance in that direction. I accordingly placed my rifles in battery beyond and to the left of the cross-roads,

