
from which point the enemy's line of artillery was 2, 000 yards distant. At a given signal, we engaged the enemy from this position, my guns firing slowly and with deliberation. About 3p. m. my supply of ammunition was exhausted, bud in a short time I received another supply, and was enabled again to engage the enemy, which we did, keeping up the fire until 7. 30 p. m., at which time I received orders to withdraw my guns, as our troops had carried that line.

On Saturday, July 4, I occupied my original position of Thursday, 2d. At about 10 a. m. the enemy advanced with about three regiments toward our position. At about 1, 200 yards distance we opened on them with beautiful effect, causing them to report that fact to their comrades in rear in great haste and disorder. They made on other advance on our position during that day. That night we withdrew from the vicinity of Gettysburg, and marched toward Hagerstown, Md.

On Wednesday, July 8, I was ordered to picket near Funkstown, on the Antietam.

On Friday, July 10, I was ordered to cross the Antietam, and go to the assistance of General Stuart's cavalry. We engaged the enemy at about 6 a. m. near the suburbs of Funkstown, and fought them from that position until late in the afternoon, compelling their artillery to change position twice during the engagement.

During these several engagements my men all acted splendidly. I deem it but justice, however, to a brave soldier to mention an act of coolness by Private H. E. Thain, by which many lives were probably saved. Thain was acting No. 6 at one of the guns, and, while adjusting a fuse-igniter, it accidentally exploded, and ignited the fuse already in the shell. He seized the shell, and ran with it several yards from the limber, at the same time drawing the burning fuse from the with his fingers.

In the battle of Thursday, July 2, near Gettysburg, Captain Fraser's battery was so disabled that he was unable to use two of his guns. I took charge of them, and manned them with supernumeraries from my own battery, and fought them, together with my own battery, trough the subsequent engagements.

My loss in battery from the time we crossed the Potomac until we recrossed it was: In killed, Privates [W. T.] Ramsey, [J. S.] Harward, and [G. V.] Bridgers; in wounded, 15 men. Horses killed, 13; disabled, 7; total, 20. one gun-carriage dismounted, but immediately mounted again with extra wheel. I fired 1, 146 rounds of ammunition. my horses, guns, men, and equipments generally are in fine condition.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. C. MANLY,

Captain[Company A], First North Carolina Artillery.

Colonel H. C. CABELL.

-----

No. 438. Report of Lieutenant W. J. Furlong, Pulanski(Georgia) Artillery.

CAMP NEAR CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE,

July 30, 1863.

COLONEL: I herewith have the honor to report the part Captain J. C. Fraser's battery took in the engagements near Gettysburg, Pa., on the 2nd and 3rd instant.

