
On the 2d, the battery was placed in position on the right of the battalion, behind a loose rock fence. The battery was in position a short time before the order was given to commence firing. At the command, the battery opened fire from four guns [two 10-pounder Parrotts and two 3-inch rifled guns] on some light batteries of the enemy which had taken a position on our left. The firing at first was rapid, but soon became slow and cautious, the gunners firing slow, evidently making each shot tell with effect on the enemy's batteries.

In the meantime, the enemy replied with spirit, their fire being incessant, severe, and well directed. After being engaged about an hour, Captain J. C. Fraser, commanding, fell, dangerously wounded. I then took command of the battery, using but two guns; our loss being so great, both in cannoneers and drivers, I could muster but two detachments. Immediately after I took command, the enemy's fire began to slacken, and finally stopped altogether, with the exception of one piece, which was in position a little to the left of my right piece, and was annoying us considerably. I opened fire on it with one piece, and, after firing half a dozen rounds, silenced it for a short time; but it soon began to play on us again.

In the meantime, the order was given to cease firing, after which I took no further notice of it.

On calling the roll, the following officers and men were found to be either killed or wounded:*

Officers and men	 Killed	 Wounded 	Total

Officers	 ---	 2	 2

Non-commissioned	 2	 ---	 2

officers

Enlisted men	 1	 10	 11

Total	 3	 12	 15

I had one caisson disabled and rendered unfit for service, the pole and splinter-bar being shot away. I had 15 horses killed and disabled.

On the 2d, we moved forward with two pieces, and took position on the left of the battalion. On the signal being given on our right [two guns fired in quick succession], I opened fired on the enemy's batteries, which were admirably posted. My guns fired slowly, there not being much ammunition on hand at the time. Toward evening, one of my guns ran entirely out of ammunition, the front chest of its caisson being at the time at the rear with the ordnance train for a fresh supply. Most of the guns on the line having been withdrawn, it was ordered to the rear. I was then ordered to take my other piece, and place it in position 300 yards on the left of the one I occupied during the day, having but 3 rounds of canister, the object being to hold the enemy in check, who were reported advancing on our left flank. The above position I held until dark, and after our skirmishers were driven in, when, by order, I withdrew to the rear, and joined the battalion.

Corporal [John H.] Chalfinch, of the battery, was killed. Privates [Franklin] Scott and [Patrick] McLean were both dangerously

---------------

*Nominal list on file.

---------------

