
wounded. I lost 3 horses killed, and abandoned the rear part of one caisson, having to take one of the rear wheels off to replace one on one of the guns, it being shot and badly broken by a round shot from one of the enemy's guns.

The non-commissioned officers and men behaved on both days most gallantly. I am much indebted to Corporals [Alexander] Campbell and [Francis] Keenan, as gunners, for the manner in which they managed their respective pieces.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

WM. J. FURLONG,

Second Lieutenant, Fraser's Battery.

Colonel H. C. CABELL,

Commanding Artillery, General McLaws' Division.

Numbers 439. Report of Lieutenant Ro. M. Anderson, First Richmond Howitzers, commanding Pulaski Artillery, of operations July 10-11.

JULY 30, 1863

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit Lieutenant Furlong's report of the action of Captain J. C. Fraser's battery in the battle of Gettysburg, Pa., on the 2nd and 3rd instant. I have the honor to report further that, owing to the wounds received by Captain Fraser and Lieutenant Couper, the battery was left with only one officer, and that on the 7th instant I was ordered to take command of it, while the battalion was encamped near Hagerstown, Md.

On the morning of the 10th, was ordered to report to General Kershaw, on the Snarpsburg turnpike; was placed in position on the right of the road. About 2 o'clock, was ordered to advance with General Kershaw's brigade to a bridge across Antietam Creek, which was threatened by the enemy; took position on a hill to the left of the bridge, and in close range of the enemy's sharpshooters, who immediately opened a vigorous fire on me, killing 1 man and slightly wounding another. General Kershaw ordered me to fire a few shots into a brick building on the opposite side of the creek, under cover of which the enemy's sharpshooters were collecting and seriously annoying our forces. I immediately opened fire with two pieces, fired six shots from each, and succeeded in dispersing them from the house as well as for the time silncing their sharpshooters in my immediate front.

At twilight, I was ordered to withdraw my pieces, and report to Colonel [T. T.] Munford, commanding a brigade of cavalry. Remained with him until about 9 a . m. the following day, when I received orders to return to my battalion.

About noon, the army being again in line of battle, I was ordered into position on an eminence in a field near [Saint James'] College. Remained in this position until the night of the 13th, when I was ordered to withdraw, and proceed with the battalion in the direction of Falling Waters.

The conduct of the men while under fire and while in line of battle, momentarily expecting an attack, was highly commendable.

I ommitted to state in the beginning of this report that the losses sustained by the battery in the battle of Gettysburg were so heavy.

