
that, on taking command, I found it impossible to man more than two pieces. One of the 3-inch rifles had been previously turned over to Captain Manly's battery, and I turned over the other to the ordnance officer of the battalion, retaining only the two 10-pounder Parrott guns.

Respectfully submitted.

RO. M. ANDERSON,

Lieutenant, Commanding Fraser's Battery.

Colonel H. C. CABELL,

Commanding Battalion Light Artillery.

Numbers 440. Report of Lieutenant C. W. Motes, Troup [Georgia] Artillery.

CAMP NEAR CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

July 31, 1863.

COLONEL: In compliance with your order of this date to furnish you with a report of the part taken in the late battle of Gettysburg and subsequent operations by my command, I have the honor to submit the following:

The battery, Captain Carlton commanding, took position the morning of the 2nd instant with the battalion on the right of the - road, fronting the enemy's position on the mountain; the section of Parrott guns occupying a position behind the stone fence between Captains Manly's and McCarthy's batteries; section of 12-pounder howitzer on the left of the battalion. About 3 o'clock, Captain Carlton ordered a fire from the Parrotts to be opened on the enemy, who were endeavoring to place a battery in position on the left, near the orchard, assisting in successfully driving them back. Soon the firing became general along the whole line, and continued until near dark, when it partially ceased. By your order, the battery was withdrawn to a field about half a mile in rear, where we parked during the night and replenished our ammunition chests.

Early the morning of the 3d, following, Captain Carlton was ordered to a position on the left of the road, in advance of Pickett's division, and in front of the enemy's strong position on Cemetery Hill. Here he placed the section of Parrotts in position, ordering the section of howitzers under cover of the hill, the enemy's position not being in their range. At the signal to commence firing, he opened fire upon the enemy's position, and continued until the infantry of Pickett's division advanced, when the firing partially ceased, firing only when the safety of the infantry in front would permit.

At this period of the action, Captain Carlton fell, severely wounded, while gallantly discharging his duties. I then assumed command of the battery, when I was ordered to take an advanced position of about 300 yards, with the four pieces of my command, from which point I fired upon the enemy, advancing across the bottom, which assisted in repulsing them. I remained here until dark, at which time the enemy's pickets, having driven ours to the fence, came within a few hundred yards of my position. By your order, I quietly withdrew my command to the park occupied the previous night.

Early the next morning [4th instant], by your order, I sent my section of howitzers, Lieutenant [T. A.] Murray commanding, to

