
the position occupied during the engagement of the 2nd instant. Having expended most of my Parrott ammunition, and being unable to get a supply, the guns were not placed in position on the 4th instant. After dark, I withdrew the section of howitzers, and was ordered to join the battalion, preparatory to marching. Nothing worthy of notice transpired on the march to Hagerstown, Md.

On the morning of the 10th instant, I received orders, and was conducted to the position occupied by General Wofford, to whom I reported, he placing me in position on the left of the Williamsport and Sharpsburg pike, near Saint James' College, where I remained until next evening, when, by your order, I retired to a position on the right of the road, left of General Semmes' brigade, with orders to fortify my position, which was done during the night and following day.

During the evening of the 13th instant, your order to send my caissons across the river and to have the battery in readiness to move, was promptly obeyed. We crossed the river without loss of either carriages or horses.

In the battle of Gettysburg we had 1 man killed, 2 officers and 4 men wounded. Several others were slightly wounded, but only temporarily disabled. Our loss in horses was 13 killed and 4 wounded, disabling them only for a short time.

I know not what terms to use so as to convey to your mind the daring and coolness displayed by the men on the field. They fought determinedly, and were found at their post all the time until the order was given to cease firing. Many of them were nigh exhausted, and scarcely able to perform their duties. Suffice it to say, every man did his whole duty, and they fought like men determined to enjoy the blessings of freedom.

C. W. MOTES,

Lieutenant, Commanding Company.

Colonel H. C. CABELL, Commanding, &amp;tc.

Numbers 441. Report of Major Charles S. Peyton, Nineteenth Virginia Infantry, commanding Garnett's brigade, Pickett's division.

CAMP NEAR WILLIAMSPORT, MD., July 9, 1863.

MAJOR: In compliance with instructions from division headquarters, I have the honor to report the part taken by this brigade in the late battle near Gettysburg, Pa., July 3.

Notwithstanding the long and severe marches made by the troops of this brigade, they reached the field about 9 a. m., in high spirits and in good condition. At about 12 m. we were ordered to take position behind the crest of the hill on which the artillery, under Colonel [E. Porter] Alexander, was planted, where we lay during a most terrific cannonading, which opened at 1, 30 p. m., and was kept up without intermission for one hour.

During the shelling, we lost about 20 killed and wounded. Among the killed was Lieutenant-Colonel [John T.] Ellis, of the Nineteenth Virginia, whose bravery as a soldier, and his innocence, purity, and integrity as a Christian, have not only elicited the admiration of his own command, but endeared him to all who knew him.

At 2, 30 p. m., the artillery fire having to some extent abated, the

25 R R - VOL XXVII, PT II.

