
the time it left Culpeper Court-House, in June last, until its return to that place in July:

At the time we started upon the late campaign, my battalion was attached to Major General G. E. Pickett`s division, First Corps.

I left the vicinity of Culpeper Court-House about June 15, taking the road known as the Sperryville pike, and arrived at Gaines` Cross-Roads the next day about 3 p. m., where I rejoined the division, which had marched by the dirt road.

On the 17th, I took up the line of march with the division, taking the right at Gaines` Cross-Roads, and marching east and parallel to the Blue Ridge, encamping for the night at Piedmont.

The next day we continued our march to Paris, and from there we marched to Snicker`s Gap, continuing east of the Blue Ridge all the time. From Snicker`s Gap we marched to within a mile or so of Berryville, where we remained for two or three days.

About June 24, we left camp near Berryville, taking the Charlestown pike, but soon turned, the left coming out on the Valley pike near Darkesville, where we encamped for the night.

The next day we crossed the Potomac, encamping about midway between williamsport and Hagerstown.

On the 26th, we passed through Hagerstown, taking the road to Chambersburg, Pa., encamping for the night near Greencastle, Pa.

The march was resumed the following day, and we passed through Chambersburg, encamping about 3 miles north of that place, and on the road to Carlisle.

We remained near Chambersburg until the morning of July 2. On that day we marched to within a few miles of the battle-field of Gettysburg, and went into camp, after a very long and tiresome march both to men and horses. That evening about dusk, orders were received to move at once to the field of battle, which was done, my battalion encamping (or rather bivouacking) for the night in rear of the line of battle of the First Corps.

About daybreak the next morning (the morning of July 3), it marched to the field of battle, and was, later in the morning, put in position on the crest of the hill immediately in front of the enemy`s position, which was assailed by General Pickett`s division. On my left and rear was Colonel Cabell`s Artillery Battalion, and on my right and rear was the Washington Artillery Battalion. Early thatmorning, the enemy threw forward a strong line of skirmishers in front of my position, and, having no infantry to drive them away, Captain [R. M.] Stribling`s battery was ordered to drive them in, which was done by firing about a dozen rounds. Several of my men and horses were wounded by these sharpshooters. There was no more firing from my battalion until the signal guns for the commencement of the general attack were fired.

Major J. P. W. Read, who was superintending the firing of Captain Stribling`s battery in the morning, was wounded in the head by a fragment of shell. Though not dangerous, the wound was painful. Major Read did not leave the army on account of this wound, but has been with it all of the time.

When the signal guns were fired, I at once brought my battalion in battery to the front, and commenced firing slowly and deliberately. To insure more accuracy and to guard against the waste of ammunition, I fired by battery. The firing on the part of my battalion was very good, and most of the shell and shrapnel burst well. My fire was directed at the batteries immediately in my front, and which

