
occupied the heights charged by Pickett`s division. Three caissons were seen by myself to blow up, and I saw several batteries of the enemy leave the field. At one time, just before General Pickett`s division advanced, the batteries of the enemy in our front had nearly all ceased firing; only a few scattering batteries here and there could be seen to fire.

About this time my ammunition became completely exhausted, excepting a few round in my rifled guns, which were used upon a column of infantry which advanced on General Pickett`s right flank. I had sent back my caissons an hour and a half before for a fresh supply, but they could not get it. Two of my batteries and a part of Captain [G. V.] Moody`s battery, of Colonel Alexander`s battalion, under command of Captain Moody, remained under a very heavy fire for upward of an hour without being able to fire a single shot. My own batteries remained on the field after every round of ammunition was exhausted and until I could receive some fresh batteries which Colonel Alexander sent to me.

Captain Moody`s four 24-pounder howitzers, two of Captain [Joe] Norcom`s guns, and one of Captain [M. B.] Miller`s, and Captain [O. B.] Taylor`s battery were sent to me. I put them in position, and succeeded in driving back the column of infantry which was at that time advancing. This war near 6 o`clock, as nearly as I can recollect. After the enemy was driven back at this point, nothing but desultory picket firing could be heard on that part of the line for the rest of the day.

In this engagement, Captain Stribling`s battery had 3 men wounded and 10 horses killed and left on the field. Captain [M. C.] Macon had 3 men killed, 3 wounded, and 8 horses killed and left on the field; Captain [W. H.] Caskie, 3 men wounded and 7 horses killed and left on the field; Captain [J. G.] Blount had 5 men killed and wounded, and 12 horses killed. There were others so slightly wounded as not to unfit them for duty, and, consequently, not reported.

Captain Moody and the others who served under my orders that day will, of course, hand in their reports to their respective battalion commanders.

The behavior of officers and men was all that could be desired by any commander. They were all cool, collected, and in earnest, and perfectly indifferent to danger. In the field and staff, Major Readk was wounded, as above mentioned, early in the morning. The horse of my color-bearer and courier was shot under him while bearing the flag along the line. There were on other casualties.

On the morning of July 4, I took position in line of battle with General McLaws` division, to the right and rear of the position occupied by me on the 3d. It was nearly the same position occupied by Colonel Alexander on July 2. I remained in line of battle until nearly sundown, when I was ordered back to what was known as the Black Horse Tavern, to join in the line of march of the corps.

We did not leave that point until about sun-up on the morning of the 5th. We stopped an hour or so in the middle of the day at Fayetteville. There I was ordered to report to Colonel E. P. Alexander, who was put in command of the Reserve Artillery, First Corps. That evening we continued our march, stopping for the night on the top of South Mountain, at a place called Monterey Springs.

On the morning of July 6, we proceeded in the direction of Hagerstown, Md. After marching a mile or so, I was ordered by Colonel Alexander to send two batteries to report to General Pickett, who

