
had charge of the prisoners. I sent Captain Stribling`s and Captain Macon`s batteries, under command of Captain Stribling. With the remainder of my command, we marched through Hagerstown the same day, taking the Sharpsburg pike, and went into camp that night about 2 1/2 miles from Hagerstown.

From this time to July 10, nothing of interest occurred. Some of my batteries were on picket, and I was engaged in getting horses to supply the places of those killed and broken down. During this time, Captain Stribling was ordered back with the two detached batteries to the battalion.

On July 10, I was ordered over to the right of our line, near a place called Downsville, not far from Saint James` College. Here, under direction of Colonel Alexander, we took up an excellent position in line of battle, and hastily dug very excellent pits for all of our guns.

We remained in line of battle until the night of July 13, when we took up the line of march for the pontoon bridges at Falling Waters.

I crossed the bridge about 7 o`clock in the morning of July 14, and continued the march until within 4 miles of Martinsburg, Va., where we rested until the morning of the 15th, when the march was continued to Bunker Hill, where we went into camp, and rested until the 19th, when we marched to Smithfield.

From there, on the 20th, we continued our march through Berryville to Millwood, where we encamped for the night.

At 3 a. m. of the 21st, I sent two batteries, under Major Read (who, though not recovered, was anxious to go), in advance with General Corse`s brigade, of Pickett`s division. With the remainder of the battalion, I came along with General Pickett, to whom I have been reattached on being relieved from further duty with the Reserve Artillery at Bunker Hill, on July 17.

The advance of my battalion, under Major Read, after a rapid march and crossing both forks of the Shenandoah, one of which was very deep, succeeded in reaching Chester Gap just before the enemy. Major Read made a judicious selection of positions, and when the enemy (two brigades and a battery) advanced, they were handsomely driven back by Captain Blount`s and Captain Caskie`s batteries, under Major Read, without the assistance of the infantry.

The rest of my battalion crossed about daylight on the morning of July 22 on the pontoons, which were just completed, and, after reaching the summit of the Blue Ridge at Chester Gap, rested there until 6 p. m., when the march was continued in the night to Gaines` Cross-Roads, where all of my command arrived about 3 a. m. of the 23d, excepting Caskie`s battery, which was rear guard, and did not get up until 7 a. m.

At 10 a. m. on the 23d, I started for Culpeper Court-House, going by the Sperryville pike, the infantry going the dirt road. I encamped that night a mile and a half south of Woodville, and, starting early next morning, reached my old camp near Culpeper Court-House about 2 p. m. on July 24, both horses and men very much jaded and worn out for want of proper food and rest.

From the time I arrived at Downsville, Md., July 10, until July 25, my horses had not a mouthful of corn, and subsisted entirely on wheat and grass, or new hay. I was also in great need of horseshoes; and from these causes and the long and frequent marches day and night a good many of my animals broke down and had to be abandoned on the road. I lost nothing in the way of guns, caissons, harness, or equipments of any kind.

