
At the battle of Gettysburg, Colonel Alexander being unable to man a 20-pounder Parrott, and such guns being much needel, I exchanged a 12-pounder howitzer with him for it. I have the 20-pounder Parrott gun now.

While in line of battle on July 4, I sent off by some teams two 12-pounder howitzers left on the field in rear of General McLaws` position. Also, I got a wagon, and made my men dismount a piece which had its axle and wheels broken in the engagement of July 2, and place the piece in a wagon, and fastened the rear part of the caisson on to the wagon also, and sent them off. These pieces belonged to Colonel Alexander`s battalion. I think one of the 12-pounder howitzers was the one he had exchanged with me for his 20-pounder Parrott.

The behavior of my command in this campaign has met with my entire approbation. There was no straggling, no molesting of private property, and the willingness and promptitude with which all orders were obeyed reflect much credit upon them.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES DEARING,

Major, Comdg. Battalion Artillery, First Corps.

Colonel J. B. WALTON,

Chief of Artillery, 1st Army Corps, Army Northern Virginia.

Numbers 443. Report of Lieutenant Colonel L. H. Scruggs, Fourth Alabama Infantry.

AUGUST 8, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with orders of the 6th instant. I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the regiment during the engagement of July 2 and 3, at Gettysburg, Pa:

On the morning of the 2d, we took up the line of march from New Guilford in the direction of Gettysburg. After a rapid and fatiguing march of about 24 miles, arrived at the scene of action at 3. 30 p. m., imkmediately taking our assigned position on the left of the brigade.

The order was then given to move forward, which we did at a double-quick across a plowed field for half a mile, the enemy`s batteries playing upon us with great effect until we arrived at a stone fence, behind which the enemy`s first line of infantry was posted, which position we soon succeeded in carrying with the bayonet. Then, having reached the foot of the mountain, the command halted a few minutes to reform the line. We advanced up the mountain under a galling fire, driving the enemy before us until we arrived at a second line, where a strong force was posted behind another stone fence. Owing to the exhausted condition of the men and the roughness of the mountain side, we found it impossible to carry this position. We retired in good order, though not until we had expended our ammunition. Having received a fresh supply of cartridges about dark, we remained in the enemy`s front, some 200 yards distant, during the night.

Early on the next morning, we threw up a line of breastworks composed of rock, and assumed the defensive, which position we held during the day until late in the afternoon, when the regiment was

