
Numbers 446. Report of Major James M. Campbell, Forty-seventh Alabama Infantry, July 2-4.

AUGUST 7, 1863.

SIR: A report of the part my regiment took in the fight at Gettysburg:

Before our line was formed, three companies were detached from my regiment, and place in rear of our right, to guard a road. These companies remained on this part of the field, almost constantly skirmishing with the enemy, until we fell back on the morning of the 4th, when they rejoined their command. The other seven companies went into the fight in line with the brigade. There was some confusion in these companies, owing to the fact that in the charge the lieutenant-colonel expected the colonel to give all necessary commands, and the colonel remained so far behind that his presence on the field was but a trammel on the lieutenant-colonel.

The colonel having been left behind, and the lieutenant-colonel (fighting most nobly) killed, * I took command of the regiment, and, after the first repulse of the brigade, in obedience to orders, I deployed a part of my men on the right of the brigade, where they remained until the close of the fight.

After the firing ceased, in obedience to orders from Colonel [James L.] Sheffield, commanding brigade, I threw my regiment out as skirmisher on our right, where they remained until morning.

Out of the 21 officers, 4 were killed on the field. All of these (the 21) acted well. The colonel and adjutant are not included in this number.

About one-third of the whole number of men were killed and wounded.

J. M. CAMPBELL,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Numbers 447. Report of Colonel James L. Sheffield, Forty-eighth Alabama Infantry.

AUGUST 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to give a statement of the part taken by the Forty-eighth Alabama in the battle of Gettysburg, on July 2 and 3.

On the morning of the 2nd ultimo, this regiment, with the brigade, marched from New Guilford to the field, a distance of 20 miles, where we were placed in line of battle in the open field, where Companies A and H were ordered on picket. After lying in line of battle a half hour, we were ordered forward, and advance a distance of 1 mile over a very rough and rugged road-the worst cliffs of rocks there could have been traveled over.

On reaching the enemy`s lines, where they were well and strongly situated, I ordered my regiment forward, which was gallantly obeyed

-

---------------

* Lieutenant Colonel M. J. Bulger was not killed. On July 16, 1863, he became colonel, vice James W. Jackson, resigned.

---------------

