
until within about 20 paces of their line. Here the fire of the enemy was severe. Here the men opened fire on the enemy, and for some time continued, until the left, from the loss of men and their exposed position to a fire from the front and from the mountain on the right, were forced to fall back. The right steadily maintained its position for some time, forcing the enemy to withdraw from their first line and establish their line a short distance to their rear, where they continued their fire. After the contest had continued for an hour and a half, and my whole regiment had been brought to the front the third time, only to be driven back, I ordered them to reform in the rear of their advanced position. While doing this, I was ordered to take command of the brigade. After this, the regiment was commanded by Captain T. J. Eubanks, who reformed and carried it to the front, where the battle-ground was held during the night, bringing off our wounded.

In this battle the regiment had 275 men engaged. There were 102 killed, wounded, and missing.

On the 3rd ultimo, the regiment was withdrawn a short distance, where we remained during the day, excepting while engaged in a short fight with cavalry.

At night, we were still farther withdrawn to the rear. The men and officers acted very well.

I cannot close without speaking of those who acted most conspicuously during the hottest of the conflict. Lieutenants [F. H.] Burk and [R. T.] Ewing and Captains Eubanks and [Jeremiah] Edwards are especially noticed for their gallantry in leading their men forward and remaining in front of their commands encouraging their men.

Lieutenant-Colonel [W. M.] Hardwick and Major [C. B.] St. John were very efficient in performing their part until wounded.

It is proper to state that in the account of missing, 24 men were taken pisoners, with Captain Edwards and Lieutenant [T. L.]Christian (of General Law`s staff), while posting pickets after night on the 2nd ultimo.

Very respectfully,

J. L. SHEFFIELD,

Colonel Forty-eighth Alabama Regiment.

Numbers 448. Reports of Colonel W. W. White, Seventh Georgia Infantry, commanding Anderson`s Brigade, including action at Funkstown.

HEADQUARTERS ANDERSON`S BRIGADE, August 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part borne by this brigade in the engagement near Gettysburg, Pa., on the 2nd and 3rd ultimo. As I was not present myself, my regiment (Seventh Georgia) having been detached and ordered to the right and flank of the line, to watch the movements of the enemy`s cavalry, I have consolidate the reports of the regimental commanders.

The scene of action was reached by a march of several miles under a broiling sun, and, a portion of the way, a terrific fire of the enemy`s

