
batteries. The position of the brigade was on the extreme left of Hood`s division, and, when ordered to advance on the enemy`s position, was to the rear, and supporting the Texas brigade. Soon after the Texas brigade became engaged, this brigade moved forward on a line with it, when a vigorous charge was made, which dislodged the enemy from a stone fence running diagonally with the line of battle. The supports not coming up in time, and the enemy coming up on our left flank, General [George T.] Anderson changed the front of the left wing of the Ninth Georgia Regiment, which occupied the extreme left of the brigade, but soon found they could not hold the enemy in check.

He then ordered the brigade to retire to the crest of the hill, in the odge of the timber, where the charge commenced.

But a short time elapsed before McLaws` division came up on our left, when General Anderson ordered another advance, which was executed with spirit and loss to the enemy. In this charge, General Anderson was wounded, in consequence of which some confusion ensued, and the command fell back a short distance the second time. The third advance was made, and resulted, after a severe conflict of half an hour in the ravine, in the rout of the enemy, which was vigorously pressed to the foot of the mountain. The loss of the enemy was here very great. From the exhausted condition of the men, together with the fact that the enemy were pouring in large re-enforce-ments on the right, it was deemed impracticable to follow him farther. In this charge, large numbers of prisoner were taken and sent to the rear without guard; consequently the number is not known.

The brigade retired in good order across the ravine, and went into bivouac for the night. The skirmishers of the brigade being well in front, the rout of the enemy was manifested from the fact that no attempt was made to follow our retreat, and scarcely any effort made to annoy us in retiring.

The loss of the brigade was heavy: 12 officers killed and 58 wounded; 93 men killed, 457 wounded, and 51 missing. *

On the morning of the 3d, my regiment (Seventh Georgia) was ordered to join the brigade where it was still in line of battle. Soon after reaching the point, an order was received from General Law to send him one regiment. The Ninth Georgia was ordered to this duty, and conducted by a courier. But a short time elapsed before another order was received from General Law for two more regiments. The Seventh and Eighth Georgia were detached and sent. In the course of an hour, the remaining regiments (the Eleventh and Fifty-ninth) were relieved by Semmes` brigade, and ordered to the right and flank, under command of Major Henry D. McDaniel, Eleventh Georgia. They were engaged with the enemy`s dismounted cavalry, and drove them from the field.

A report of the action has already been forwarded by Major McDaniel.

Several squadrons of the enemy`s cavalry charged through the pickets of a Texas regiment, and were galloping up to one of batteries with the evident purpose of spiking the guns, whe they were met by a charge of the Ninth Georgia Regiment, killing and wounding a number. This was the first check this column met with. On their retreat, they encountered several other regiments coming up from different points, and suffered greatly from their fire.

-

---------------

* But see p. 339.

---------------

