
As a list of casualties has already been forwarded, I only annex synopsis:

COMMAND	Killed	Wounded	 TOTAL

7th Georgia	 ----	 11	 11

8th Georgia	 2	 9	 11

9th Georgia	 1	 8	 9

11th Georgia	 10	 27	 37

59th Georgia	 12	 46	 58

TOTAL	 25	 101	 126

I am, sir, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. W. WHITE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major W. H. SELLERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 449. Report of Captain George Hillyer, Ninth Georgia Infantry.

CAMP NEAR HEGERSTOWN, MD., July 8, k 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that about 4 o`clock in the afternoon during the battle of Gettysburg, on the 2nd instant, all officers senior to me having fallen, the command of this regiment devolved upon me, and during the remainder of the battle, both that day and the next, and until the present time, I have continued in command, and it now becomes my duty to report the part taken by the regiment in the action.

Lieutenant-Colonel [John C.] Mounger was killed by a piece of shell soon after the advance commenced, while leading the regiment with his characteristic gallantry, and for about an hour afterward Major [W. M.] Jones was in command, when he and Captain [J. M. D.] King were both wounded, and taken from the field nearly at the same moment.

The regiment occupied its usual position in line on the left of the brigade and the extreme left of the division, having for nearly an hour and a half no support on its left, the advance of McLaws` division being for some reason thus long delayed, which left the flank while advancing nearly the distance of a mile very much exposed to an enfilading fire of the enemy`s batteries, and also to the fire of a flanking party of the enemy, who were prompt to take advantage of the exposed condition of the flank. To meet this flanking part, I changed the front of three companies, and for nearly an hour, against great odds, held them in check until relieved by the advance of McLaws` division, which finally came up on our left.

The whole line now again pressed forward, and, though entirely without support, dispersed and scattered a fresh line of the enemy who came up against us, and pursued them 400 or 500 yards farther to the base of the mountain upon which the enemy`s heavy batteries were posted, which we found to be the strongest natural position I

