
which my regiment was attached, to fall back with my command from Nor Mountain, Va., where I was stationed, to Martinsburg, Va. I immediately complied with this order, breaking up my camp, and shipping by cars to Harper's Ferry what property I was unable to place upon my train of ten wagons. At 4 p. m. I left North Mountain . leaving behind a hospital, with some 11 sick men, who could not be moved, in charge of First Asst. Surg. F. H. Pettit. We reached Martinsburg about 7, 30 p. m., having marched 9 miles, and reported to Colonel Smith . My command bivouacked Saturday night on the Stewart farm, north of the village and a few rods from the railroad. About 10 a. m. Sunday, I received orders to move out on the Winchester road, where our pickets were already engaged with the enemy's advance. Upon arriving there, I took up a position on the right of the road, throwing forward two companies as skirmishers, who soon became engaged, but without loss . I remained with my command in this position without the material change until nearly 2 p. m when I was ordered to recall my skirmishers and move to Union Hill, on the east side of the town. This change of position was accomplished by the entire command without difficulty. Soon after taking my position, I was informed by Colonel Smith that we would retreat to Harper's Ferry at nightfall, via Williamsport, and ordered to follow the One hundred and twenty-sixth Regiment Ohio Volunteers in the volume of retreat. Meanwhile the left wing of my regiment, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Embick, was detached and placed in position behind four guns of Maulsby's battery, a short distance in advance of the main force . We remained in this position until sunset, occasionally mashers keeping up a desultory fire. As the sun went down, I received orders to prepared to retreat, and to recall the left wing of my regiment. While they were moving to rejoin us, and the One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio was leaving the field, the enemy opened upon us a terrific fire of shot, shell, and grape. The Ohio regiment immediately left the field . I dispatched my adjutant to Colonel Smith, to know if we should follow . He returned with the reply, "Yes, when I immediately moved down the hill by a flank march . My regiment staggered for a moment under the storm of missiles, rallied again in an instant, and marched steadily from the field, fortunately without the loss of a man. We drew up in line of battle as soon as we were out of range, when Brigadier-General Tyler, who at this moment assumed command, ordered us to move rapidly out upon the Shepherdstown road toward Harper's Ferry . When 2 miles out, we overtook the One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Regiment. By rapid marching we reached Shepherdstown at midnight, forded the river, and on the 15th instant arrived at Harper's Ferry. My loss at Martinsburg in prisoners is 1 officer (Second Lieutenant W. A. Merry, Company A, who was calling in the outposts at the time of retreat) and about 20 men most of whom were sick or crippled and unable to keep up. Two ambulances were abandoned by their drivers, who took off the horses, and one wagon, overloaded with ammunition, was [upset] in fording Tuscarora Creek, and left behind. The regimental wagon train sent early in the day toward Williamsport, Md., arrived safety in Harrisburg, Pa.

