
ever saw. Our litle band, now thinned and exhausted by three and a half hours` constant fighting, made a gallant attempt to storm the batteries, but the enemy being again heavile re-enforced, we were met by a storm of shot and shell, against which, in our wornout condition, we could not advance. I believe that had McLaws` division advanced with our line so that we could have arrived at this point before we became worn out with fatigue, we would have carried the position.

In this movement the whole brigade and also several brigades of McLaws` division participated. Failing to take the batteries, the line retired to the point where we first encountered the enemy`s main line, and was again formed, fronting the enemy in such position as to place most of the battle-field in our possession. The enemy evidently had enough of it, and did not again show himself in our front, darkness soon closing the scene.

The regiment lost 2 officers (Lieutenant-Colonel Mounger and Lieutenant [E. W.] Bowen) killen, and 11 officers wounded; also 25 enlisted men killed and 119 men wounded, and 1 officer and 31 men missing; total, 189.

There were many officers and men who displayed a degree of daring and heroism which challenges admiration in the very highest degree, and the whole regiment behave with its customary steadiness and devotion, as the loss of 189 out of 340 carried into the field will testify.

I herewith respectfully submit a detailed statement of casuaities, * giving names and description of wounds in full, from which I have omitted all slight wounds, which, though sufficient to disable the man for a day or two, will not prevent his taking part in the next battle-say a week or ten days from the time the hurt was received.

On the next day (3rd instant), the regiment was detached from the brigade, and sent to drive off the enemy`s cavalry, who were annoying our batteries on the extreme right flank. Here the regiment, though exhausted by the extreme heat and by long-continued exertion, performed, without a murmur, but, on the contrary, with the greatest enthusiasm, much hard marching and fighting, as the enemy`s mounted men frequently changed their point of attack, which rendered a change of position on our part also often necessary. At one time two or three squadrons of their cavalry charged through the picket line of the First Texas Regiment, and were galloping up to one of our batteries, with the evident purpose of spiking the guns. This regiment was at the time some distance to the right of the First Texas, and at a point which was not then menaced. I therefore led the regiment to the battery at a double-quick, something more than half a mile off, and while going there received, through Major [William H.] Sellers, an order directing me to do so.

When we arrived, the enemy were nearly at the battery. Passing through from behind the guns, with a yell the regiment charged the enemy in the open field, scattering and chasing them a way in a moment, killing and wounding a number and capturing several horses. This was the first repulse that this column met with, and their advance was first checked by this regiment. When they fled from us, they encountered several other regiments who were coming up from different points, and suffered greatly from their fire.

During the first day`s fight, a large number of prisoners were

-

---------------

* not found; but see p. 339.

---------------

