
passed to the rear trough the lines of the regiment, but in the eagerness of our attack no guard was sent with them to the rear, and I cannot give the number. According to my observation, the enemy's loss was five times as great as ours. Very respectfully, &amp;C.,

GEO. HILLYER,

Captain, Commanding Ninth Georgia Regiment

Captain CHARLES C. HARDWICK,

Assistant Adjutant General

No. 450. Report of Major H. D. McDaniel, Eleventh Georgia Infantry. July 8, 1863.

Captain: I have the honor to report the part borne by the Eleventh Georgia Regiment in the engagement near Gettysburg, Pa., on the 2nd instant. The regiment went into action under command of Colonel F. H. Little. He having been severely wounded during the action, the command devolved upon Lieutenant Colonel William Luffman. Near the close of the battle, Lieutenant-Colonel Luffman took command od the brigade, when the command of the regiment devolved upon myself. The scene of action was reached by a march of several miles, under a terrific fire of the enemy's batteries. Advancing to the crest of the hill where the Emmitsburg pike enters the woods in front of the enemy's position, along a ravine near the base of the mountain, the regiment bore unflichinly, with the remainder of the brigade, the severe enfilading fire of the enemy's batteries upon Cemetery Hill until ordered to advance. The Eleventh Georgia is the right center regiment of the brigade, and went into action in its place. The advance was made in good order, and, upon reaching the belt of woods in front, a vigorous fire was opened upon the enemy, followed up by a vigorous charge, with disppodged them from the woods, the ravine, and from a stone fence running diagonally with the line of battle. This formidable position was occupied by the Eleventh Georgia; a, and a galling fire opened upon the enemy's front and flank, causing his line to recoil in confusion. At this juncture, Brigadier-General Anderson same in person to the regiment (a considerable distance in advance of the remainder of the brigade and in strong position, with was at the time held and might have been held against the enemy in front), and ordered Colonel Little to withdraw the regiment to the crest of the hill, on account of a movement of the enemy in force upon the left flank of the brigade. The regiment retired i; n good order, thought with loss, to the point indicated. After a short interval, a second advance was made to the stone fence, but, after a furious conflict, the failure of support on the right forced the brigade back a distance of 100 yards. The third advance was made in connection with the entire line on that part of the field, and resulted, after a conflict in the ravine of half an hour, in the rout of the enemy from the field. This rout was vigorously pressed to the very foot of the mountain, up the sides of which the enemy

26 R R-VOL XXVII, PT II

