
Meantime the Eight Georgia, Captain[D.] Scott, and the skirmishers of the brigade, Captain S. D. Cockrell, had joined the detachment, the Eighth Georgia taking position on the right of the Fifty ninth Georgia. The enemy, finding our pursuit staved, made a demonstration against the skirmishers in front. Captain Cockrell was ordered to advance width his skirmishers. This advance was handsomely made, under a sharp fire, and the enemy quickly put to flight. No further attempt was made to penetrate to our rear in that direction. Our loss was very slight. Captain[C. C.] Hardwick and Lieutenant[E. C.?] Arnold, of Brigadier-General[George T.] Anderson's staff, were with me, and rendered valuable assistance. The officers and men of the command displayed their usual gallantry and enthusiasm.

I am, your obedient servant,

HENRY D. McDANIEL,

Major Eleventh Georgia Regiment.

Major W. H. Sellers,

Assistant Adjutant -General, Hood's Division.

No. 451. Report of Major B. H. Gee, Fifty Georgia Infantry. July 7, 1863.

Captain: I have the honor of making the following report of the part which the Fifty-ninth Georgia Regiment bore in the fight of the 2nd and 3rd instant, near Gettysburg, Pa.: We entered the fight about 5p. m., being on the extreme right of the brigade and charged the enemy three times. We were repulsed the first charge, because the men were completely exhausted when they made it, having double-quicken a distance of some 400 years, under a severe shelling and a scorching sun. The second and third charge were made in gallant style driving the mountain, which was impregnable. We retired in good order, night having come on. We were relieved on the next day (3rd instant) by Selmmes' brigade, at about 3p. m., driving them before us until they were no longer to be found. Our loss during both fights was 116. Captain M. G. Bass was in command of the regiment after the second charge on the 2nd instant, and remained so until we left Gettysburg, Colonel[Jack] Brown having been wounded in the second charge. I was stunned by the explosion of a shell in the commencement of the engagement, and was not able to take command of the regiment in person.

Very respectfully,

B. H. GEE,

Major, Commanding Regiment. Captain CHARLES C. HARDWICK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

