
that park of his line down on me), and that I must have re-enforcements. Lieutenant- Colonel Work, with the First Texas Regiment, having pressed forward to the crest of the hill and driven the enemy from his battery, I ordered him to the left, to the relief and support of Colonel Manning, directing

Major[F. S.] Bass with two companies to hold the hill, while colonel Work with the rest of the regiment went to Colonel Manning's relief. With this assistance, Colonel Mannting drove the enemy back, and entered the woods after him, when the enemy reoccupied the hill and his batteries in Colonel Work's front, from which Colonel Work again drove him. For an hour and upward, these two regiments maintained one of the hottest contests, against five or six times their number, that I have witnessed. The moving of Colonel Work to the left, to relieve Colonel Manning while the Fourth and Fight Texas were closing to the right on General Law's brigade, separated these two regiments from the others. They were steadily moving to the right and front, driving the enemy before them, when they passed the woods or ravine to my right. After finding that I could not move the First and Third to the right to join them, I sent to recall them, ordering them to move to the left until the left of the Fourth should rest on the right on the First; but my messenger found two of General Law's regiments on the left of my two (the Fourth and Fifth Texas), and did not find these regiments at all. About this time my aide, Lieutenant Scott, reported my two regiments (the Fourth and Fifth Texas) in the center of General Law's brigade, and that they could not be moved without greatly injuring his line. I sent a request to General Law to look to them. At this point, my assistant adjutant and inspector general reported from the FOURTH and Fifth that they were hotly engaged, and wanted re-enforcements. My courier, sent to General Hood, returned, and reported him wounded and carried from the field. I sent a messenger to Lieutenant-General Longstreet for re-enforcements, and at the same time sent to General [George T.] Anderson and Benning, urging them to hurry up to my support. They came up, joined us, and fought gallantly;, but as fast as we would break one line of the enemy, another fresh one would present itself, the enemy re-enforcing his lines in our front his reserves at the base of the mountain to our right and front, and from his lines to our left. Having no attack from us in his front, he threw his forces from there on us. Before the arrival of Generals Anderson and Benning, Colonel J. C. G. Key, who gallantly led the Fourth Texas Regiment in, up to the time of receiving a severe wound, passed me, being led to the rear. About the same time, I learned of the fall and dangerous wounding of Colonel R. M. Powell, of the Fifth, who fell while gallantly leading his regiment in one of the impetuous charge of the Fourth and Fifth Texas on the strongly fortified mountain. Just after the arrival of General Anderson on my left, I learned that the gallant Colonel Van H Manning, of the about the same time I received intelligence of the wounding and being carried from the field of those two able and efficient officers, Lieutenant Colonels K. Bryan, of the Fifth, and B. F. Carter, of the Fourth, both of whom were wounded while bravely discharging their duty. Captain [J . R.] Woodward, acting major of the First Texas, was wounded near me whiles gallantly discharging his duty.

