
the reports from each of the regimental commanders, is herewith submitted.

J. B. ROBERTSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Major W. H. SELLERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hood's Division.

No. 453 Report of Colonel Van H. Manning, Third Arkansas Infantry.

NEAR HAGERSTOWN, MD. ; July 8, 1863

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the part taken by this command in the recent battle near Gettysburg, Pa. About 4 o'clock on the evening of July 2, I was ordered to move against the enemy, keeping my right well connected with the left of then some 200 yards in my front and out of view. Upon reaching this road, I discovered, from the direction the directing regiment was taking, that I could not witch the length of my line carry out the latter order; hence I decided to keep my command on a prolongation of the line formed by the troops on my right. After marching in line of battle at a brisk gait(part of the way at a double quick) for about 1, 000 yards, all the time exposed to a destructive fire from artillery, we engaged the enemy at short range, strongly posted behind a rock fence at he edge of woods. We drove him back with but little loss for a distance of 150 yards, when I ascertained that I was suffering from a fire to my left and rear. Thereupon I ordered a change of front or the rear on first company, but the noise consequent upon the heavy firing then going on swallowed up my command, and I contented myself with the irregular drawing back of the left wing, giving it an excellent fire, which pressed the enemy back in a very short while, whereupon the whole line advanced, the enemy fighting stubbornly, but retiring. Soon I was again admonished that my left was seriously threatened, when I ordered the command back 50 or 75 yards to meet this contingency. He was again driven back, and I stretched out my front twice its legitim; ate length, guarding well my left, and advanced to the ledge of rocks from which we had previously been dislodged by the enemy's movement upon my flank. I experienced some annoyance from the exposure of this flank up to this moment, when Colonel[F. H.] Little, of the Eleventh Georgia Regiment, joined to my left. The Fifty-ninth Georgia Regiment, coming also at this time, occupied the line with my command. Some little time after this, I was disabled by concussion and wound on my nose and forehead. The command then devolved upon Lieutenant-Colonel Taylor, who will report its operations subsequent to this time. It would be invidious to make special mention of gallantry with either officers or men when all did so well, fighting greatly superior numbers and at great disadvantage. I might safely assume that the bearing of the entire command was of the highest creditable character.

---------------

---------------

