
No gun; s or colors were captured, and but few (some 25) prisoners, a number of whom where sent to the rear with wounded men. Below I submit a list of killed, wounded, and missing. *The wounded include only those disabled indenfinitely. Quite a number were temporarily disabled by slight wounds, but resumed their duties in a few days; hence I make no mention of them i; n this report.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

VAN H. MANNING,

Colonel Commanding Third Arkansas Regiment.

Lieutenant[JOHN W.] KERR,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Robertson's Brigade.

No. 454. Report of Lieutenant Colonel P. A. Work, First Texas Infantry. July 9, 1863

SIR: The following is submitted as a report of the part sustained by the First Texas Regiment in the engagement of Thursday, July 2, near Gettysburg, Pa., to wit:The regiment, together with the brigade, having been ordered forward to the attack about 4 p. m., continued to advance by the front for a distance exceeding half a mile, the Fourth Texas upon the right and the Third Arkansas upon the left, when Company I, commanded by Lieutenant J. H. Wooters, and thrown out as skirmishers, engaged the skirmishers of the enemy, driving them back upon a regiment supporting the enemy's battery, and then, aided by volunteers from this (First Texas) regiment, engaging the regiment and artillery, succeeded in driving back the regiment and silencing the enemy's guns, taking and holding possession of the latter. While this regiment was closely following our skirmishers, and had reached to within about 125 yards of the enemy's artillery, the Third Arkasansas Regiment, upon my left, became hotly engaged with a strong force of the enemy upon its front and, left, and, to preserve and protect its left flank, was forced to retire to a point some 75 or 100 yards to my rear and left, thus leaving my left flank uncovered and exposed, to protect which I halted, and threw out upon my left and rear Company G, commanded by Lieutenant B. A. Campbell (some 40 men), which soon engaged the enemy and drove them from their threatening position to my left and the front of the Third Arkansas. It was while in the execution of this order that Lieutenant Campbell, a brave and gallant office, fell, pierced through the heart. Owing to the failure (as informed by Brigadier -General Robertson)of the troops that were assigned to the position on the left of this(Robertson's) brigade to arrive promptly, neither this nor the Third Arkansas Regiment was able to advance, without advancing against a vastly superior force, and with the left flank of the Third Arkansas(protecting my left) exposed to attack. After the lapse of several minutes, Benning's brigade made its appearance, . but instead of occupying the ground to the left of Robertson's brigade, so as to enable the latter to move forward with its left flank secured from attack, it occupied the ground still occupied by a portion, at least, of this brigade, the Fifteenth Georgia Regiment falling in and reaming with the First Texas Regiment. After se

---------------

*Not found; but see p. 339.

---------------

