
lay scattered over the ground of the conflict and of the retreat. From the latter they were removed by the enemy during night. We took about 300 prisoners in all. The conduct of both officers and men was generally, as far as I could observe it, excellent. Under a fire from so many cannon, and toward the last from so much musketry, they advanced steadily over ground for the most part open, mounted a difficult height, drove back from it the enemy, occupied his line, took three guns, captured a number of prisoners, and against his utmost efforts held all they had gained. The captured guns were taken by the Twentieth Georgia(Colonel Jones, and after his death Lieutenant-Colonel Waddell), the part of the First Texas above referred to (Colonel Work), and the Seventeenth Georgia (Colonel Hodges); but the honor of the capture was not exclusively theirs. They could not have taken(certainly could not have held) the guns if Lieutenant-Colonel Harris, and after his death Major [William S] Shepherd, on the left with the Second Georgia, and Colonel Du Bose, with the Fifteenth Georgia, on the right had not by the hardest kind of fighting and at great loss, protected their flanks. Colonel Du Bose not only drove back the enemy's line, but repulsed repeated attacks made to recover it, taking over 100 prisoners. The same may be said of the Second, excepting that it did not take so many prisoners. To may staff-Captain Seaborn J. Benning, adjutant, Liet. John R. Mott, aide, and Lieutenant Herman H. Perry, brigade inspector, voluntary acting as aide-I was much indebted. They performed well duties that kept them in almost constant danger. The former having been disabled by a wound, the whole weight of staff duty toward the end of the fist fell upon the two latter. At the close of the day the fighting cease, and I employed the night in arranging my line, establishing pickets, and removing the wounded. The last was a work of great labor, as, owing to some fault or mistake in the surgeon having charge of the brigade ambulances, but two of them made their appearance, so that the labor to the litter-bearers became very heavy. The enemy employed the whole night in throwing up two lines of breastworks, one above the other, on the mountain side. These works were formed from the loose stones which abounded no the surface of the mountain. The sound of the stones dropping into place could be distinctly heard from our line during the whole night. The morning light revealed the two long lines completed. The upper line was sufficiently above the lower for its fire to pass over the lower. The crest was still frowning, with its old line greatly strengthened since the day before. From this line the fire of both artillery and infantry would pass over both of the lines below. Until late in the afternoon, nothing occurred more important than picked firing. About 5 o'clock, two or three pickets of McLaw's division same to me, and told me that the troops of General McLaws had for some hours been withdrawn from my left, leaving my flank entirely exposed. This was the first notice I had of that movement, so important to my brigade. I immediately ordered the strongest picket force I could spare to the abandoned post of General McLaws' line. Shortly afterward, a courier from General Law came to me, and told me that General Law wished me to move to the crest of the hill. Iasked him what crest-what hill. He said all he knew was that General Law waved his hand thus (marking a wave of his hand). I

