
R. W. Scrogin, of Company I Second Georgia Regiment, who went into the battle voluntarily and fought bravely until wounded. The Second Georgia and a portion of the Seventeenth Georgia being a short distance in advance, I received orders from headquarters, about 3 p. m. on the 3rd instant, to fall back and connect with the main line, which command was executed in good order, and not until all our wounded had been removed to the rear.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

WM. S. SHEPHERD,

Lieutenant Colonel Commanding Second Georgia Regiment.

Lieutenant H. H. Perry,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 460. Report of Colonel D. M. Du Bose, Eighteenth Georgia Infantry. JULY 27, 1863

SIR: In obedience to Orders, No. -received to-day, I herewith submit to Brig. H. L. Benning a report of the part taken by my regiment (the Fifteenth Georgia)in the battle of Gettysburg, on July 2 and 3. My regiment occupied that portion of the ground on the extreme left of the brigade on July 2. After moving for a considerable distance across an open field, under a heavy shelling from the enemy's batteries, I reached the position from which I was to move in line of battle to assist in supporting Brigade-General Law's, bridge, which I learned had moved forward to attack the enemy. After marching forward at 400 or 500 yards, with the rest of the brigade, I was halted, and rested until an order came to me from General Benning to move forward at once to the support of our advanced troops. This movement was made at once, in good order, under fire of the enemy's artillery. After getting within 150 yards of the advanced troops, I was again halted by General Benning for a few moments, my regiment having gotten a short distance ahead of another portion of our brigade lines, owing, I suppose, to the difference in the nature of the ground over which we had to march. General Benning then left the position which he was near, toward my right, and went toward the right of the brigade. I rested a few minutes in this position, until I saw the balance of the brigade had moved up even with my position and were still advancing, I immediately ordered a forward movement, and soon gained the point where our advance troops were fighting behind a stone fence, a little above the foot of a high, wooded, rocky hill. At this point my regiment commenced the engagement with the enemy, who occupied the hill. At this point, the nature of the ground was such that I could not see the other portion of our brigade. After fighting the enemy in this position a short time, I saw from the heavy fire of musketry on my right that the other portion of the brigade were hotly engaged trying to carry the hill in their front, which was destitute of trees. I immediately ordered my regiment to jump the stone fence, and charge that portion of the hill in my front, which order they obeyed willingly and promptly, driving the enemy from my part of the hill, turning that portion of their right.

