
flank which occupied the barren hill in front of the troops of our own brigade on my right, and thereby assisted them in gaming the hill in their front. In this charge, a portion of one of the Texas regiments(the First Texas) joined me, and behaved well. After gaining the hill, I continued to move forward, driving the enemy before me at a rapid rate, capturing between 140 and 200 prisoners, including officers as well as men. I had gone on rapidly from other portion of our brigade, which I found had halted at the top of that portion of the hill in their front, when I discovered a large body of the enemy moving so as to put themselves between me and the troops on my left and in my rear, and thereby cut me entirely off from support. As I saw the danger to which I was exposed, I ordered a halt, and also ordered my regiment to fall back. I fell back to the stone fence before referred to, and there very soon arranged my, line, and fought the enemy this position until I saw the troops on my left getting ready for another charge. I at once ordered my regiment to charge, which they did, well, driving the enemy from their position. The troops on my left then fell back to their original position, and the enemy commenced advancing on my left. I took a small party of men, threw them out as skirmishers on the left, and drove back the enemy's advance; but very soon a heavy column of the enemy came upon my left in that position, I fell back again to my original position, and continued the fight at this point until, I received a message from the commander of the troops on my left, stating that he was going to charge the enemy again, and desired me to do the same on my part of the line, which proposition I agreed to at once, and immediately ordered my regiment forward, and again did they obey my order with alacrity and courage, driving the enemy this time entirely out of the woods in my front. I then changed the front, so as to fire upon the enemy in the open field, at the foot of the mountain on my right. In this position my line was almost at a right angle with the line of the brigade. I placed them in this position so as to assist the troops on the left, who had followed the retreating columns of the enemy and were then attempting to charge a portion of the mountain height. I ordered my men to pour in a heavy fire upon the enemy as soon as the troops on the left commenced falling back, as I thought they would have to do, and thereby protect their retreat as much as possible. This they did very effectually I remained in this position a considerable length of time and until late in the evening, when it became so dark that objects in the woods could not be so easily discerned. I then learned that the enemy were again moving round upon my left in heavy force. Upon learning this, I changed my line back, about 200 yards, and fronted differently. I had not gotten through this movement before I discovered that the enemy were moving forward rapidly, and were within 200 yards of the left of my line. I halted, faced about and commenced fighting the, and, after a few-well-directed volleys, succeeded in checking their advance. They then fell back, and I moved my regiment back to the stone fence in my rear, formed them in a few moments, and rested in this position until General Benning ordered me to rest for the night upon the hill in my front. It was now after dark. I moved up and occupied the position he had directed me to, and also

