
After retreating some 400 yards father back, I again rallied the remnant of my regiment, and fought them, until driven from my position by one of the enemy's batteries, which completely, enfiladed my position, throwing shells among my men, who were lying behind the stone fence. I again a retreat, and fell back to where the balance of the brigade had been ordered after I left it. During each of the four separate fights I made that evening, I looked for an expected support either upon my right or left, which did not come, nor did I retire from either position until I had ascertained that there was no support to be had. My men and officers fought bravely, but my loss was immense. My men and officers fought bravely, but my loss was immense. How any of us escaped I do not see. In the battle of July 2, I went in with 330 or 335 muskets, and lost 70 men killed, wounded, and missing. In the battle of the 3d, I lost 101, making a total loss of 171 men in the two days' fighting. During the battle of July, 2 I was greatly assisted by Lieutenant-Colonel [Stephen Z.]Hearnsberger and my adjutant, Lieutenant L. Pierce, both of whom behaved with coolness and courage. I am also indebted to all of my officers who were present for the assistance rapiered by then. My men behaved well, and worthy of their former reputation. All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

D. M. DU. BOSE,

Colonel Fifteenth Georgia Volunteers.

Lieutenant [H. H. [PERRY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 461. Report of Colonel Wesley C. Hodges, Seventeenth Georgia Infantry.

CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE VA., July 27, 1863.

SIR: Arriving with my command near the battle-field of Wednesday, July 1 at 12 p. m., the men, after a fatiguing march through the mountain pass, by way of Cashtown, were permitted to rest upon their arms until 3 p. m., at which time the march was resumed. After one other temporary halt, my regiment, in its place in Benning's brigade, was pushed forward to our right to assume position in lines assigned it. Notwithstanding the excessive heat of the day, and the circuitous route to reach said position, officers and men bore up cheerfully under the circuitous route to reach said position, officers and men bore up cheerfully under the annoyances. This being preliminary to the fight of July 2, and the second of the series of engagements near Gettysburg, in which my regiment actively participated, I my be excused for a detailed statement of the events occurring rapidly in our front. The Second and Seventeenth Regiments formed the right wing of Benning's brigade, and, after being formed in line facing the enemy, under a murderous fire of artillery, ably served, and volleys of musketry, dashed forward gallantly and with impetuosity, until a fourgun battery of the enemy, from which we had received no little annoyance, was passed by the left of my regiment, and many of the officers and men, both of said battery and its support, composed in

