
part of a detachment of the Fourth Maine Infantry, were captured and sent to the rear by the men of my command. It is not intended in this statement to set up any exclusive claim to the capture of the battery, which having had its support stripped from it in the manner indicated, remained at the command of the brigade until removed under cover of nigh. The position of my regiment in relation to this battery proves its instrumentality in the valuable capture. The impetuosity of the charge of the Second Regiment and my own, and the nature of the ground, threw us beyond the first crest, from which we had driven the enemy, into a deep gorge separating the seized crest from the stronger one, upon which the enemy now displayed a heavy force; and, but partially sheltered by scattering rocks, under a plunging fire from above it, my command bravely held its position, and seven times broke columns of the enemy which were forming for a vigorous onset for dislodge us. If affords me the utmost pleasure in testifying to the general good conduct and gallantry of the officers and men of the command. Never did men behave with more heroism. It is difficult do individualize. It is my opinion that not a man of the regiment could have been driven from this position, which was quietly held during the night. It should be remarked that the position taken and held by the Second and Seventeenth until the morning succeeding the fight was so considerably in advance of our lines, that under headquarters orders these commands were retired from it, for the purpose of completing our lines. I have had the honor previously of submitting a list of casualties. *

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

W. C. HODGES,

Colonel Commanding Seventeenth Georgia Volunteers.

Lieutenant H. H. PERY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 462. Report of Colonel J. D. Waddell, Twentieth Georgia Infantry.

NEAR CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, VA., July 27, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part borne by the Twentieth Regiment Georgia Volunteers in the battle at and near Gettysburg, Pa., on July 2 and 3:In the order of attack, Longstreet's corps was assigned to the right, and Hood's division occupied the right of the corps. Benning's brigade, in the order of battle, supported, at the distance of 400 yards, Law's whose position was on the extreme right. In the brigade formation, the Twentieth Regiment occupied the left center. Before reaching the point from which to make the attack, it was necessary to move by the right flank a distance of nearly 3 miles. The enemy's guns commanded a considerable portion of this distance, and opened a heavy fire of shell upon us for more than a mile of the way.

---------------

*Not found; see p. 340

---------------

