
July 22. -Crossed the Shenandoah, and encamped 2 miles beyond Front Royal, at Chester Gap.

July 23. -Marched 18 miles, and encamped near Little Washington.

July 24. -Marched 27 miles, and encamped near Culpeper Court House, Va.

July 24 to

August 1. -Remained in camp. August l. -Left camp, marched 12 miles, and encamped near Somerville Ford, on the Rapidan River.

August 2. -Crossed the Rapidan River, marched 9 miles, and encamped near Rapindan Station, Orange and Alexandria Railroad.

August 3 and 4. Remained in camp.

August 5. -Marched 20 miles, and encamped on the battle-field of Chancellorsville.

August 6. -Marched 12 miles, and encamped near Fredericksburg.

August 23. -He remained in camp up to date.

MN. W. HENRY.

Major, Commanding-Artillery Battalion.

Per. L. MITCHELL.

Adjutant. Colonel J. B. WALTON,

Chief of Artillery. First Army Corps.

No. 464. Report of Colonel E. Porter Alexander, C. S. Army, commanding battalion Reserve Artillery. AUGUST 3, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my battalion in the recent campaign:Leaving Milford Depot on June 3, we marched to Culpeper Court House, and encamped in its vicinity on the 5th. Leaving this place on the 15th, we proceeded to Millwood, where we encamped on the 18th, and remained until the 24th, when we again marched with the First Corps. and accompanied it, via Winchester, Greencastle, and Chambersburg, to Gettysburg, Pa., where we arrived at 9 a. m. on

July 2, having halted for three day's at Chambersburg and one day between that and Gettysburg. Shortly after our arrival, I was directed by General Longstreet to accompany with my battalion the divisions of Major-Generals McLaws and Hood in the attack upon the left. The march into position was performed with these divisions, and about 4 p. m. I placed four batteries (those of Captains[George V.]Moody, [W. W.]Parker, [O. B.]Taylor, and [A. A.]Rhett, the latter commanded by Lieutenant[S. C.]Gilbert, and the whole commanded by Major Frank Huger, I having been ordered to control also the other battalions of force of the enemy, about 500 yards distant, in a peach orchard on the Emmitsburg pike. After a spirited engagement of a half hour, assisted by Cabell's battalion from a short distance on our right, the enemy's guns were silence, and the position was immediately carried by the infantry, and the enemy fell back to his position on the mountain, where our infantry gallantly pursued him. Just before the enemy cease his fire, annoyed by his obstinacy, I

