
had ordered up my two remaining batteries, [T. C.] Jordan's and[P.] Woolfolk, jr. s. These, arriving on the ground just as the infantry charge was made, joined in it under the immediate command of Major James Dearing, who had volunteered his services to me.

Major Huger also followed with the four batteries under his control as soon as the teams could be disencumbered of killed and wounded animals (for his loss had been serious), and occupied the enemy's original position, in time to seriously annoy their retreat to the mountain, and to assist the infantry in causing them to abandon several guns at its foot. From this new position a spirited duel now ensued with their new line, which our infantry attacked in vain, and was kept up till dark, shortly before which our infantry fell back, and the enemy, who attempted to pursue, were checked and driven back by our fire. Sleeping on the field that night, and replacing ammunition, at dawn I again placed the whole battalion in position for the attack upon the enemy's new line. In this attack, my battalion bore its full share, and suffered heavy loss, fighting again under Major Huger, excepting Woolfolk's battery, which was detached under Lieutenant James Woolfolk, Captain Woolfolk having been wounded severely in his gallant charge the evening before. During the afternoon, the batteries all maintained their respective position, part of the time without infantry support, and driving off the enemy's sharpshooters with canister. They were withdrawn from the field only when it was entirely abandoned by our infantry-Captain Taylor and Lieutenant Woolfolk only withdrawing at midnight. During the next day, the battalion remained near and in rear of its original position on the 2nd until 4p. m, when it marched to Black Horse Tavern, ready to take its place in the column. It marched from the latter place on the 5th, and proceeding via Fairfield and Montery Spiring, encamped at Hagerstown on the evening of the 6th. On the 10th, we were ordered into position at Downsville, to resist a threatened attack of the enemy, advancing in force. On the 11 th, we constructed pits for all the guns on the line of battle at this place, and remained in them until he night of the 13 th, when, with the rest of the army, we crossed the river, and encamped the next day on the Martinsburg pike, near Hainesville, and, on the 15th, marched to Buner Hill. Marching from the latter place on the 20th, via Front Royal, Gaine's Cross-Roads, and Sperryville, we encamped again near Culpeper Court-House on the 24th. The sum total of the losses in my battalion during the period covered by this report are al follows; In the battle of Gettysburg, July 2 and 3, killed, 19 wounded, 114; missing, 6; total, 139 men. There were also 2 killed and 3 wounded of a detachment of 8 gallant Mississippians at Captain Moody's guns, who volunteered to help maneuver them on very difficult ground. Horses killed and disabled in action, 116. Many of my wounded sent to Cashtown fell into the hands of the enemy three. On the night march across the Potomac, 8 men missing. Deserted near Martinsburg 3, men. Upset near the pontoon brigade and throw into the river, by order to clear the passage to the brigade, one limber of 24 pounder howitzer caisson. Destroyed in action, one 12-pounder howitzer, two 12-pounedr howitzer carriages, and six wheels. The howitzer, however, was brought off in a wagon.

