
days recruiting our stock and resting our men. Here also we met with a disappointment. The enemy endeavored to flank us by crossing the Blue Ridge at Ashby's and other gaps. We went out to meet them as before, but our cavalry left nothing for us to do. On the 24th, we left Milwood, passing through Winchester, Darkesville, and Martinsburg. We crossed the Potomac on the 25th, at Williamsport; thence proceeding on our route, we passed through Hagerstown, Greencastle, and Chambersburg, and encamped near the latter place for several days, resting our men and horses and living upon the fat of Pennsylvania. Her, too, we obtained several fresh horses. On June 30, we broke camp, and started for Gettysburg. We arrived there about 10 am. m July 2. After resting about one hour, we took up the line of march for the left wing of the enemy. About 4 p. m. I was ordered into position within 500 yards of the enemy's batteries, and to dislodge them, if possible, from a commanding position which they held. I opened upon the batteries with my four Napoleons, firing canister and spherical case until our infantry, who were present, began their charge. I then ceased firing, limbered to the front, and advance some 800 or 1, 000 yards, and took another position, which I held till after dark, thought several attempts were made by the enemy, both with infantry and artillery, to drive me from it. I lost at the first position one of my best gunners(Corpl. William P. Ray). He was killed while in the act of sighting his guns. He never spoke after receiving the shot, walked a few steps from his piece, and fell dead. I had also while in this, my first position, the following men wounded:Vincent F. Buford, badly bruised on shoulder, Silas C, Gentry, cut on the wrist; Joseph Moody, cut in the face and bruised on the back Byrd McCormick, shot through the calf of the left by a bullet from a spherical case; Edward J. S Heppard, wounded badly in heel, and several others slightly wounded. I had killed in the lane while going to my second position another excellent gunner(Corpl. Joseph T. V. Lantz). He had both legs broken above the knees; lived but a little while. His only words were, "You can do me no good; I am killed; follow you piece. "While in my second position, I had two men wounded:Hill Carter Eubank, shot through the leg. Eubank was a very promising you, about eighteen years of age; left the Military Institute at Lexington, Va., to join the army; was brave and attentive to his duties. The other (Claiborne Y. Aktinson) struck on the leg by a piece of shell; seriously wounded. About 9 p. m. July 2, I left my position, and retired about 1 mile to the rear, watered and fed my horses, and returned to the same position about 2. 30 o'clock the next morning. I remained in this position until after the heavy cannonade of the 3d. I was their ordered by Major Huger to report to you of to General Longstreet, about half a mile to my left. While taking my battery to the place indicated, I was halted by General Lee, and directed not to go into position until I saw you. It was a considerable time before I could find you. The main fighting had ceased when you came to where my battery was. About 10 p. m. we left the field, and went into park near the barn used as a hospital. All of my men, non-commissioned officers and privates, with one or two exceptions, acted well. They remained by their guns, thought hungry and exceedingly fatigued. On July 5, we took up our line of march for Hagerstown, Md.,

