
where we arrived on the 6th, and went into encampment. We remained in the neighborhood of Hagerstown several days, resting our men and horse, which they very much needed on account of the long marking and arduous duties they had undergone. On the 10th, we left our encampment, and were moving over toward the pike leading to Frederick City, when I was ordered to report with my battery to General Kreshaw, than holding the enemy in check at Antietam Creek. I did report, and had a position selected for me, but before I had gotten into it, I received further orders to for me, but before I had gotten into it, I received further orders to proceed at once do Downsville and rejoin my battalion, which I accomplished about 10 p. m., after a tedious march through the dark. On the 11th, we had orders to dig pits for our pieces and prepare for action. Again we met with a disappointment. The enemy did not advance. We left our fortifications on the evening of the 13th, and, after a very disagreeable march, occupying the whole night, through mud, rain, and darkness, we recrossed the Potomac on the morning of July 14. Thus ended our second campaign into Maryland and Pennsylvania. On the evening of the 16th, we went into camp near Bunker Hill. Here we remained several day, recruiting and getting together our scattered forces. On the morning of the 20th, we again broke camp, and, after four day's travel, we came in sight of Culpeper Court-House, men and horses nearly broken down, and exhausted from excessive heat and long marching. We had rain nearly every day from the day we entered the Valley until within the last few days. Our men suffered

much in consequence; their shoes gave out, and many had to go barefooted. Much of their rest was broken by their not getting dry places to sleep on.

Very respectfully,

O. B. TAYLOR,

Captain, Commanding.

Col, E. P. ALEXANDER,

No. 466. Report of Major B. F. Eshleman, Washington(Louisiana) Artillery.

AUGUST 11, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the operations of the Washington Artillery Battalion under my command at the battle of Gettysburg, Pa., July 3:I moved my command in obedience to orders, from Culpeper Court-House, on June 15, in the direction of Winchester. Crossed the Potomac at Williamsport on the 25th; arrived at Chambersburg, Pa., on the 27th; crossed the South Mountain at Cashtown Gap on July 1, and arrived on the 2nd near the battle-field of Gettysburg. Owing to the excessive heat, dry weather, and dust, the march was a severe one, but the endurance of the men and animals proved equal to the task, and my command arrived at Gettysburg in good fighting condition. On arriving within about 3 miles of the battlefield, by your direction, I went into park to await orders. Just before dark, your orders came to move speedily to the front. I mounted

28 R R-VOL XXVII&lt; PT II

