
my cannoneers, and moved forward at a trot, but before reaching the old school-house the firing and ceased, and, it being dark, your ordered me again into park. About midnight, I receive orders from Colonel Alexander, commanding reserve artillery, to take position on the field before daylight, and with his assistance I placed my battalion, consisting of eight Napoleon guns and two 12-pouner howitzer, as follows. viz:Three Napoleons(Third Company), Lieutenants [Andrew]Hero, jr., and [Frank]McElroy, and one Napoleon (Fist Company), Lieutenant [C. H. C.]Brown, all under command of Campaign [M. B.]Miller, about 100 yards to the left of the peach orchard, and on the immediate left of Captain [O. B] Taylor's battery, of Alexander's battalion; two Napoleons (Fourth Company), Captain Norcon and Lieutenant Battles, on Captain Miller's left, and two Napoleons (Second Company), Captain[J. B.]Richardson and Lieutenant[Samuel] Hawes, on the left of Captain Norcon. The two howitzers-one of the Second and one of the Fourth Company-were held in reserve, under command of Lieutenant [George E.]Apps, Fourth Company. As soon as day broke and the enemy's lines became visible, it was apparent that to provide against an enfilade fire, the left of my line had better be thrown a little to the rear. Colonel Alexander having approved the proposed change, Captain Richardson's moved about 200 yards to the left and to the rear of Norcom, forming en echelon by batteries.

Major Dearing afterward took position with his battalion on my left, and five guns of Colonel Cabell's battalion were placed in position between Captain Norcon and Richardson. During the morning, the enemy threw forward heavy lines of skirmishers, endeavoring to gain the ravine and cover of the woods in my front. My guns, with those of Captain Taylor, opened upon them moderately with evident effect. The enemy's batteries replied, but I paid little attention to them, seldom answering their fire at there batteries, in order to save my ammunition for the grand attack. Early in the day my attention was called by Captain Richardson to a 3-inch rifled gun(that had been abandoned by the enemy the previous day) standing between the lines, about 300 yards in advance of our line of skirmishers. The horses had all been killed, and lay harnessed to the piece. William Forrest and Jim Brown(drivers), of Captain Richardson's company, immediately volunteered and earnestly requested permission to bring if off. Having give them directions how to proceed, I allow them to do so, and the piece was drawn off under a heavy fire from the enemy's sharpshooters. Several shots struck the carriages, but the men and horses were unharmed. The limber contained about 50 rounds of ammunition, and the gun was immediately placed in position by Captain Richardson. I was deprived of the service of Cap. Joe Norcon early in the day, who being struck by a piece of shell, had to retire from the field after turning over the command to Lieutenant H. A. Battles. Between 1 and 2 p. m. your ordered me to give the signal for opening along the entire line. Two guns in quick succession were fired from Captain Miller's battery, and were immediately followed by all the battalions along the line opening simultaneously upon the enemy behind his work. The enemy answered vigorously, and a most

