
in check till dark, when, by order of Colonel Alexander, I withdrew, and by you direction went into park near the old school-house, and bivouacked for the night. My officers, non-commissioned officers, and men, by their good judgment, intrepidity, and zealous conduct on the field, fully sustained the proud reputation already won on so many bloody field. I am under especial obligations to Sergt. Major E. J. Kursheedt, who(having no adjutant) acted as my aide. He was always at hand, frequently under the heaviest fire, performing his duty with coolness and efficiency. Too much cannot be said in praise of William Forrest (driver), of Captain Richardson's company, for the gallant manner in which he acted in getting off the Yankee gun. Having secured the gun, and finding ammunition with it, was necessary, in order to put it to immediate use, to have horses and harness. Forrest was indefatigable in his exertions till he had captured from between the lines horses and harness sufficient to haul the gun, having several times approached within near range of the enemy's sharpshooters. He was afterward wounded by a Minie ball in the arm at the battle of Williamsport, Md. My casualties were:Wounded, 3 officers, Killed, 3; wounded, 23 and missing, 16, non-commissioned officers and privates; 37 horses killed and disabled; 3 guns disable; I limber blown up. I omitted to state in the proper place that Lieutenant Apps, shortly after putting his howitzers in position, was struck by a piece of shell, and had his horse killed under him. He was obliged to leave the field.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

B. F. ESHLEMAN,

Major, Commanding.

Colonel J. B. WALTON,

Chief of Artillery, First Corps. AUGUST 18, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Washington Artillery Battalion under my command since leaving Gettysburg, Pa., July 4, embracing the battle of Williamsport, Md., July 4, embracing the battle of Williamspord, Md. July 6:I moved from my bivouac near the battle-field of Gettysburg, in obedience to your order, about 9 o'clock on the morning of the 4th, and reported to General Imboden, commanding the cavalry escort to the wagon train, at Cashtown, with seven Napoleons, one rifle, and one howitzer, 12-pounder. My ammunition-chests had been partly replenished, and Captain Richardson's rifle, since transferred from its carriage with a broken axle to that of his howitzer. The howitzer was attached to one of Captain[John]Wood's (acting quartermaster Washington Artillery Battalion) empty wagons for transportation. Captain Norcom's disabled Napoleon was turned over to the ordnance officer, Captain [James M.] Garnett. On reaching Cashtown, I placed my battalion in the column of wagons, distributing it in sections, at intervals of about a mile. A drenching rain, which continued during the afternoon and night, made the roads very heavy, and my men and horses suffered much from the forced march, having made the whole distance from Gettysburg to Williamsport without halting to feed, and only once to water.

