
No special incident occurred on the march till I passed Greencastle, when the enemy's cavalry made a dash into the wagon train about 2 miles to the front of my forward section. Obtaining the support of a skeleton regiment of infantry that had been posted near Greencastle to protect our flanks, I immediately pressed forward Captain Norcom's section but the enemy withdrew before I could get within range of him. I ordered the trains to be put in new trin again as quickly as possible, and the column closed up. The balance of the march was made without additional incident. Arriving at Williamsport at 3 a. m on the 6th, I was ordered by General Imboden to go into position at once on the Boonsborough and Hagerstown roads, near town. Captain Miller, Lieutenants, Hero and McElroy, with a section of Napoleons, and Captain Norcom, Lieutenant Battles and Apps, with one howizer and one Napoleon, were posted on the Boonsborough road, half a mile from town. Captain [C. W.]Squires, with one Napoleon, in charge of Lieutenant [John M.]Galbraith, and Captain Richardson, with section of Napoleons under Lieutenant Hawes, and one 3-inch file, were posted on the Hagerstown road, about a half mile from town. Between these two roads, Captain[Joseph D.]Moore, of Garnett's battalion, had two rifled, and [James F.]Hart's battery a section of 12-pounder howitzers, but with very little ammunition. The Donaldsonville battery was in position on the Greencastle road, and a few guns of General Imboden's command occupied positions between the Greencastle road and the river on the left, and between the Boonsborough road and the river on the right. An opportunity was now offered to repose my men and horses, who, after the severe battle of Gettysburg, had been steadily marching for forty-two hours, without sleep, rest, or subsistence. About 5 p. m. the enemy his appearance in force with cavalry and artillery on the Boonsborough road, and soon afterward on the Hagerstown road. Dismounting his cavalry, he threw forward heavy lines of skirmishers, and placed a battery on each side of the Boonsborough road, Captain Miler and Norcom opened on him, but the range was found too great for their Napoleon guns. Captains Moore's and Harts's batteries engaged their right battery, but soon exhausted their short supply of ammunition, and had to withdraw. Seeing our only salvation was to make a bold and determined attack, I immediately advanced Captain Miller's battery about 600 yards, ordering the line of skirmishers forward with him. The enemy deployed his skirmishers to the right, and soon got possession of a house and commanding position immediately on the right of Captain Liler's position from whence he was annoying Miller very much. I directed Captain Norcom, who had advanced his Napoleon gun, to shell the house, and at the same time ordered our skirmishers on my right to advance and drive the enemy back. This was executed at once, and we afterward held the position. Lieutenant Battles during this time engaged the enemy farther to the right with his howitzer checking his advance on a farm road, and Captain Squires and Richardson, on the left of the center, handsomely beating back his advancing column over the Hagerstown road. Having assumed command of all the artillery, and the unerring and destructive fire of my guns under Captains Miller and Norcon having signal repulsed the enemy in their front, my attention and presence was directed to the left, where Captains Squires and Richard-

