
son were gallantly battling with the enemy in this unequal contest. As soon as Hart and Moore had retired, Captain Richardson sent his two Napoleons, under Lieutenant Samuel Hawes, to hold that part of the line. Hawes fought the enemy under a most galling fire, in which he lost in killed and wounded 12 men on one piece. At 6. 30 p. m. General Imboden stated to me that General Fitz. Lee's brigade of cavalry was close at hand, and that he wanted all the artillery that could be spared from other parts of the field to be posted so as to command the enemy's position in the center, and at the proper time to silence his battery, with a view to making a charge. The artillery was soon in position, but the cavalry, under command of General Lee, did not arrive till about dark, At dark, the enemy withdrew, and I retired my guns to the original line, remained in position all night. Too much cannot be said in praise of the officers, non-commissioned officers, and men of my battalion for the zeal and devotion manifest of this occasion. They had just undergone a most fatiguing march of two days and two nights, without sleep, food, or rest. Nevertheless, on the approach of the enemy thy sprang whit alacrity to their guns, and, by their assiduity and courage and noble defense of our wounded men and transportation, and of Williamsport, have again placed the service and their commanding officer under lasting obligations. Captain Richardson makes special mention of Sergeant [John] Newton, of Captain Hart's South Carolina battery, who volunteered as gunner on one of his pieces after he had lost so many men as to render it difficult to work the gun. I regret to say that Sergeant Newton was mortally wounded, and died before he could be taken off the field. My loss was:

Killed	Wuonded	Missing

COMMAND	Enlisted	Enlisted	Enlisted

men	men	men

First Company	 ---	 2	 2

Second Company	 1	 12 	 13

Third Company	 ---	 2	 2

Serg. Newton, Hart's battery	 1	 ---	 1

TOTAL	 2	 16	 18

Killed and disabled 12 horses. On July 8, by order of General, Imboden, I crossed the Potomac with my battalion (ferrying the river), and went into position on the hill about 1 mile from the ford, to guard the approaches against the enemy's cavalry, where I remained, getting nothing but hay for my horses, till the 13th, when I received orders from General Pickett to move in the direction of Martinsburg, in from of his division. I arrived at Bunker Hill on the 15th, and by our order reported on the 16 th to Colonel Alexander, with whom I marched till we reached Gaines' Cross-Roads, when by Colonel Alexander's order, I was again temporarily attached to General Pickett. It being understood that Dearing's horses were in too poor a condition to make the march over the mud road to Culpeper Court-House with his division(General Pickett's), he was sent by the pike. On arriving at Culpeper, I again reported to Colonel Alexander.

