
On July 11, Captain Miller's battery was detached and sent with General Imboden to Stransburg, to guard the Yankee prisoners. He reported to me again at Bunker Hill on the 18th. On the march and in battle Acting Ordnance Officers [B. L.]Brayelman acted with his usual efficiency in his department.

I am, colonel, with great respect, your obedient servant,

B. F. ESHELAMN,

Major, Commanding.

Colonel J. B. WALTON,

Chief of Artillery, First Army Corps.

No. 467. Report of Lieutenant Richard S. Ewell, C. Army, commanding Second Army Corps.

HDQRS. SECOND CORPS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, --, 1863.

COLONEL: The Second Corps, at the time of leaving Hamilton's Crossing (June 4), comprised the following troops:The division of Major General Jubal A. Early, containing the brigades William Smith(Virginia), and R. F. Hoke (North Carolina), temporarily commanded by Colonel [I. E.]Avery, of the Sixth North Carolina, in the absence of General Hoke, from wounds received at the battle of Fredericksburg, May 4. To this division was attached Lieutenant Colonel H. P. Jones' battalion of light artillery. The division of Major General Edward Johnson, containing the brigades of Brig. General George H. Stuart (Virginia and North Carolina), James A. Walker(Stonewall Virginia), John M. Jones (Virginia), and F. T. Nicholls (Louisiana), temporarily commanded by Colonel J. M. Williams, of the Second Louisiana Regiment, in the absence of General Nicholls, from wounds receive at the battle of Chancellorsville. To this division was attached Lieutenant Col R. Snowden Andrew's battalion of light artillery. The division of Major General Robert E. Rodes, containing the brigades of Brig. General Junius Daniel (North Carolina), and Rodes (Alabama) brigade, commanded by Colonel Edward A. O'neal, of the Twenty -Sixth Alabama Regiment. To this division was attached Lieutenant Colonel Thomas H. Carter's battalion of light artillery. Lieutenant Colonel William Nelson's battalion and five batteries of the First Virginia Artillery, under Col J. Thompson Brown, acting chief of artillery, in the absence of Colonel S. Chrutchfield, from wounds received in the battle of Chancellorsville, May 2, formed the artillery reserve of the corps.

THE CULPEPER AND WINCHESTER.

Marching via Verdierville and Somerville Ford, the corps reached Culpeper on June 7. On the 9th, the enemy being reported to have crossed the Rapphannock in force. I moved my corps, by direction of the general commanding, to General Stuart's support, but on reaching Brandy.

