
to 2, 500 in number. The rest scattered through the woods and fields, but most of them were subsequently captured by our cavalry. General Milroy, with 250 or 300 calvary, made his way to Harper's Ferry. The fruits of this victory were 23 pieces of artillery(nearly all rifled), 4, 000 prisoner, 300 loaded wagons, more than 300 horses, and quite a range amount of commissary and quartermaster's stores. My loss was 47 killed, 219 wounded, and 3 missing; aggregate, 269. Lieutenant-Colonel Andrews, who handled his artillery which great the close of the action.

BERRYVILLE AND MARTINSBURG.

General Rodes encamped near Stone Bridge, on the road to Millwood, on the night of June 12, and moving on next morning toward Berryville, his infantry were met by a detachment of Yankee, cavalry before reaching Millwood. Finding himself discovered, he foundry had retreated on the Charlestown road, holding Jenkins at bay for a while with their artillery, which was withdrawn as soon as ours came up. Turning of by the road to Summit Point, the enemy retreated to Winchester. After securing the small amount of supplies at Berryville, General Rodes, sending Jenkins in pursuit, followed with his infantry to Summit Point, where he encamped. Jenkins failed from some cause to overtake the enemy. Late on the 14th, General Rodes came to Martinsburg, before reaching which place Jenkins drove the enemy from some barricaded houses at Bunker Hill, capturing 75 or 100 prisoners. At Martinsburg General Rodes found the enemy's infantry and artillery in position before the town. He immediately sent Jenkins' cavalry to the left and rear of the place, and, putting some of Carter's artillery in position, drove off the opposing battery, which retreated toward Williamsport, so closely pursued by Jenkins' dismounted cavalry and too squadrons mounted that they were forced to abandon five out of their six guns, and many prisoners were taken. The infantry field by way of Shepherdstown, a fact not known for some hours, which together with the darkness, will account for their escape. The enemy destroyed many of the stores at Martinsburg, but 6, 000 bushels of grain and a few quartermaster's and commissary stores fell into our hands. The results of this expedition were 5 pieces of artillery, 200 prisoners, and quartermaster's and subsistence stores in some quantity. General Rodes mentions with commendation the conduct of

Major [J. W.]Sweeny, of Jenkins' brigade, wounded in charging the enemy rear near the Opequon, as they retreated to Winchester from Berryville.

CROSSING THE POTOMAC, AND MARCH TO CARLISLE

. I sent notice to General Rodes of Milroy's escape, but he was not in position to intercept him Jenkins's cavalry being already (10 a. m. 15th)on the Potomac near Williamsport. The same evening General Rodes crossed at Williamsport with three brigades, sending Jenkins forward to Chambersburg, and on the 19th moved his division by my orders to Hagerstown, where he encamped on the road to Boonsborough, while Johnson crossed to Sharpsburg, and Early moved to Shepherdstown, to threaten Harper's Ferry.

