
In these positions we waited until June 21 for the other two corps to close up, on the afternoon of which day I received orders from the general commanding to take Harrisburg, and next morning (22d)Rodes and Johnson marched toward Greencastle, Pa. Jenkins reoccupied Chambersburg, whence he had fallen back some days before, and Early moved by Boonsborough to Cavetown, where the Seventeenth Virginia Cavalry (Colonel[William H.]French) reported, and remained with him till the battle of Gettysburg. Continuing our march we reached Carlisle on the 27th, halting one day at Chambersburg to secure supplies. The marching was as rapid as the weather and the detours made by Major-General Early and

Brigadier-General Steuart would admit. Early having marched parallel with us as far as Greenwood, then turned off toward Gettysburg and York. At Carlisle, General George H. Steuart, who had been detached to McConnellsburg from Greencastle, rejoin the corps, bringing some cattle and horses. At Carlisle, Chambersburg, and Shippensburg, requisition were made for supplies, and the shops were searched, many valuable stores being secured. At Chambersburg, a train was loaded with ordnance and medical stores and sent back. Near 3, 000 head of cattle were collected and sent back by my corps, and my chief commissary of subsistence, Major [W. J.]Hawks, notified Colonel[R. G.]Cole of the location of 5, 000 barrels of flour alone the route traveled by the command. From [Carlisle]I sent forward my engineer, Captain[H. B.]Richardson, with General Jenkins' cavalry, to reconnoitre the defenses of Harrisburg, and was starting on the 29th for that place when ordered by the general commanding to join the main body of the army at Cashtown, near Gettysburg. Agreeably to the views of the general commanding, I did no burn Carlisle Barracks.

EXPEDITION TO YORK AND WRIGHTSVILLE.

Colonel E. V. Whit's cavalry battalion reported to me at Chambersburg, and was sent to General Early, then at Greenwood. Arriving at Cashtown, General Early sent Gordon's brigade, with White's cavalry, direct to Gettysburg, taking the rest of the division on the Mummasburg road. In front of Gettysburg, White charged and routed the Twenty-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Militia, of whom 170 were taken and paroled. From Gettysburg, Gordon, with Taner's battery and White's battalion, was sent on the direct road to York, and General Early moved in the direction of Dover with the rest of the division. On approaching York, General Gordon met the mayor and a deputation of citizens, who made a formal surrender of the place. Pushing on, by order of General Early, to Wrightsville, on the Susquehanna, he found 1, 200 militia strongly entrenched, but without artillery. A few shots drove them across the magnificent railroad bridge, a mile and a quarter long, with they burned as they retreated over it. The little town of Wrightsville caught fire from the bridge, and General Gordon, setting his brigade to work, succeeded in extinguishing the flames. Yet he is accused by the Federal Press of having set fire to the town. General Early levied a contribution on the citizen of York, obtaining, among other things, $28, 600 in United States currency, the greater part of which was turned over to Colonel[J. L.]Corley, chief quartermaster, Army of Northern Virginia; 1, 00 hats 1, 200 pairs of shoes, and 1, 000 pairs of socks were also obtained here.

