
enemy beyond this cut near a barn enfiladed his line, and fresh bodies of infantry poured across the cut a destructive enfilade and reserve fire. Seeing some troops of the Third Corps lying down beyond the railroad, in front of the enemy, who were on his flank, General Daniel sent an officer to get them to advance. As they would not, he was obliged-leaving the Forty-fifth North, Carolina and Second North Carolina Battalion to hold his line-to change the front of the rest of his brigade to the rear, and throw part across the railroad beyond the cut, where, having formed line directly in from of the troops of the Third Corps already mentioned, he ordered an advance of his whole brigade, and gallantly swept the field, capturing several hundred prisoners in the cut. About the time of his final charge, Ramseur, with his own and Roger's brigades, and remnants of Iverson's under Captain D. P. Halsey, assistant adjutant-general of the brigade, who rallied the brigade and assumed command, had restored the line in the center. Meantime an attempt by the enemy to push a column into the interval between Doles and O'Neal had been handsomely repulsed by Doles who, changing front with his two right regiments, took them in flank, driving them in disorder toward the town. All of General Rodes' troops were now engaged. The enemy were moving large bodies of troops from the town against his left, and affairs were in a very critical condition, when

Major-General Early, coming up on the Heidlersburg road, opened a brisk artillery fire upon large columns moving against Doles', which, after an obstinate contest, broke Barlow's division, captured General [F. C.]Barlow, and drove the whole back on a second line, when they were halted, and General Early ordered up Hays' and Hoke's brigades on Gordon's left, and the three drove the enemy precipitately toward and through the town just as Ramseur broke those in his front. General Gordon mentions that 300 of the enemy's dead were left on the ground passed over by his brigade. The enemy had entirely abandoned the north end of the town, and Early entering by the York Railroad at the same time that Rodes came in on the Cashtown road, they together captured over 4, 000 prisoners and three piece of artillery, two of which fell into the hands of Early's division. So far as I can learn, no other troops than those of this corps entered the town at all. My loss on this day was less than 2, 900 killed, wounded, and missing. The enemy had fallen back to a commanding position known as Cemetery Hill south of Gettysburg, and quickly showed a formidable front there. On entering the town, I receive a message from the commanding general to attack this hill, if I could do so to advantage, I could not bring artillery to bear on it, and all the troops with me were jaded by twelve hour's marching and fighting, and I was notified that General Johnson's division (the only one of my corps that had not been engaged) was close to the town. Cemetery Hill was not assailable from the town, and I determined with Johnson's division, to take possession of a wooded hill to my left, on a line with and commanding Cemetery Hill. Before Johnson got up, the enemy was reported moving to outflank our extreme left, and I could see what seemed to be his skirmishers in that direction. Before this report could be investigated by Lieutenant T. T. Turner, aide-de-camp of my staff, and Lieutenant Robert D. Early, sent for that purpose, and Johnson placed in position, the night was far advanced.

