
Our men were at this time under no fire of consequence. Their aim was accurate, and General Daniel thins that he killed here in half an hour more than in all the rest of his fighting. Repeated reports from the cavalry on our left than the enemy, were moving heavy columns of infantry to turn General Johnson's left, at last caused him reached me also, and I sent Captain G. C. Brown, of my staff, with a party of cavalry to the left, to investigate them, who found them to be without foundation, and General Johnson finally took up a position about 300 yards in rear of the works he had abandoned, which he held, under a cross-fire of artillery and exposed to the enemy's sharpshooters, until dark. At night my corps fell back, as ordered, to the range of hills west of the town, taken by us on Wednesday, where we remained unmolested during July 4. The behavior of my troops throughout this campaign was beyond praise, whether the points considered be their alacrity and wiling endurance of the long marches, their orderly and exemplary conduct in the enemy's country, their bravely in action, or their patient endurance of hunger, fatigue, and exposure during our retreat. The lists of killed and wounded, as well as the results gained, will show the desperate character of their fighting. In the infantry, Daniel's brigade, of Rodes' division, and in the artillery, Andrews' battalion, of Johnson's division, suffered most loss. The Second North Carolina Battalion, of Daniel's brigade, lost 200 of 240 men, killed and wounded, without yielding an inch of ground at amy time.

BACK TO DARKESVILLE.

By order the commanding general, the Third Corps was to move at dark on July 4, and the First to follow with the prisoners, mine being rear guard. Next day the Third was to take the rear, &amp;c. At 10 a. m. on the 5th, the other corps were not all in the road, and consequently, mine did not take up its march till near noon, and only reached Fairfiels at 4 p. m. Here the enemy, who had been threatening our rear and occasionally opening a fire of artillery on the rear guard (Gordon's brigade, of Early's division), showed more boldness in attacking, throwing out a line of skirmishers over a mile in length. They were repulsed, and a battery which was shelling our column driven off. We encamped for the night on a hill 1. 1/2 miles west of Firfield, and next day, July 6, the Third Corps moving by another road, we were another attack of the enemy. The Forty-fifth North Carolina, Daniel's brigade under Captain [James A.] Hopkins, being summonsed to surrender, attacked the troops making the summons, and drove them out of a wood in which they were posted. The enemy did not follow, much beyond Fairfield. The orad was again blocked till noon. That night we encamped near Waynesborough, and reached Hagerstown about noon of July 7. On the 11th, we were moved into line between Hagerstown and Williamsport, our right joining the left of the Third Corps, and began fortifying, and in a short time my men were well protected. Their spirit was never better than at this time, and the wish was universal that the enemy would attack. On the night of the 14th, I was ordered with my infantry and artillery to ford at Williamsport, the ammunition-chests going in the

