
up the Valley, by Strasburg and New Market, while I marched the other two division up the Page Valley to Luray, the route pursued by Jackson, in 1862, in his campaign against Banks. Johnson's and Rodes' division moved back 2 to 4 miles, and encamped near Front Royal, the rear guard, under Col B. T. Johnson, of Johnson's division, leaving Front Royal after 10 o'clock next day, the enemy making only a slight advance, which was driven back by a few rounds of artillery. Rodes' division, the only troops of my corps that I saw during this affair, showed great eagerness and alacrity to meet the enemy and had he advanced, would have given him a severe lesson. I was indebted for correct and valuable information regarding the strength and movements of the enemy at this point to Cap. W. F. Randolph, commanding cavalry escort attached to my headquarters, and to Captain [R. E.]Wilbourn, of the signal corps. In this campaign, the loss of my corps was as follows; At Winchester and in the Valley, 47 killed, 210 wounded, and 3 missing; aggregate, 269. At Gettysburg and in Pennsylvania, 883 killed, 3, 857 wounded, 1, 347 missing; aggregate 6, 094. For the entire campaign, 930 killed, 4076 wounded, and 1, 350 missing; aggregate, 6, 356. Before crossing the Potomac, it captured 28 pieces of artillery and about 4, 500 prisoners. About 200 prisoners were taken before reaching Gettysburg. At that place over 4, 000 prisoners, 3 pieces of artillery, and 4 stand of colors, memorable as having been brought off Cemetery Hill, were the spoils gained, amazing altogether nearly 9, 000 prisoners and 31 pieces of artillery. The Fifty-fourth North Carolina Regiment, of Hoke's brigade, and the Fifty-eight Virginia Regiment, of Smith's brigade in Early's division, sent to Staunton from Winchester with prisoners, returned in time to aid General Imboden in repelling the enemy's attack on the wagon trains at Williamsport. Iverson's brigade, sent back to guard my wagon train from Fairfield, had a handsome affair with the enemy's cavalry at Hagerstown, in which they are reported by General Iverson as killing wounding, and capturing a number equal to their whole force. At Winchester, the Maryland battalion was attached to General Steuart's brigade, and the Baltimore Light Artillery to Colonel Brown's battalion, with which they served with their usual gallantry throughout the campaign. At Gettysburg, July 1, I was much please with the conduct of Captain Carter's battery, which came under my immediate observation. The conduct of Hays'(Louisiana) and Hoke's (North Carolina) brigades (the latter under Colonel Avery) at Cemetery Hill, Gettysburg, was worthy of the highest praise. In this and at Winchester the Louisiana brigade and their gallant commander gave new honor to the name already acquired on the old fields of Winchester and Port Republic, and wherever engaged. Lieutenant-Colonel Andrews, of the artillery, not fully recovered from his serious wounds received at Cedar Run, was again wounded field at Hagerstown, and reported for duty. The rapid and skillful advance of Gordon's brigade on June 13, near Winchester, with great spirit driving the enemy in confusion toward the town, was one of the finest movements I have witnessed during the war, and won for the troops and their gallant commander the highest commendation.

