
I beg leave to call attention to the gallantry of the following men and officers:

AT WINCHESTER.

Lieutenant John Orr, adjutant Sixth Louisiana, was the first man to mount the enemy's breastworks on the 14th, receiving in the act a bayonet wound in the side. General Early recommends him for captain of cavalry, he being desirous of entering that branch of the service, for which he is eminently qualified. Lieutenant C. S. Contee's section of Dement's battery was placed in short musket-range of the enemy on June 15, and maintained its position till 13 of the 16 men in the two detachments were killed of wounded, when Lieutenant John A. Morgan, of the First North Carolina Regiment, and Lieutenant R. H. McKim, aide-de-camp to Brig. General G. H. Steuart, volunteered and helped to work the guns till the surrender of the enemy. The following are the names of the gallant men belonging to this section:First gun-Sergt. John G. Harris; Corpls. William P. Compton, Samuel Thompson; Privates Robert Chew, William Koester, Charles Pease, A. James Albert, jr. William T. Wootton, John R. Yates, jr., H. J. Langsdale, and John R. Buchanan. Second gun-Sergt. John E. Glascocke; Corpls. William H. May, Charles Harris; Privates Thomas Moore, William Gorman, F. Frayer, William W. Wilson, Sanuel Thomas, R. T. Richardson, William Sherburne, James Owens, William Dallam, and Joseph Mopckabee. Colonel Brown, acting chief of artillery recommends Lieutenant Contee for promotion to the captaincy of the Chesapeake Artillery, vice Captain W. D. Brown, a most gallant and valuable officer, killed at Gettysburg. Sergeants [A. L.]East, [William] Eades, and [F. D.]Milstead, jr., of Captain Raine's battery, are mentioned for gallantry on the 15th.

AT GETTYSBURG.

Captain D. P. Halsey, assistant adjutant-general of Iverson's brigade, displayed conspicuous gallantry, and rendered important service in rallying the brigade, which he led in its final attack. General Rodes speaks of the service rendered by Colonel D. H. Christine, North Carolina (mortally wounded July), as having been especially valuable. First Lieutenant F. M. Harney, Fourteenth North Carolina, while in command of sharpshooters, defeated the One hundred and fiftieth Pennsylvania Regiment, and took their colors with his own hand, falling, mortally wounded, soon after. Captain A. H. Gallaway, Forty-fifth North Carolina, recaptured the flag of the Twentieth North Carolina, of Iverson's brigade. Serg. Thomas. J. Betterton, Company A. Thirty-seventh Virginia, took a stand of colors, and was dangerously wounded. Private W. H. Webb, orderly to General Johnson, remained on the field after being severely wounded. General Johnson says, "His conduct entitles him to a commission. "The following non-commissioned officers and privates are honorably mentioned for gallantry:Sergeant [P. B.]Grier, Company B; Sergeant [G. W.] Wills, Company D. Forty-third North Carolina; Sergeant [E. J.]Null and Private [W. D.]McAdoo, Company A, Fifty-third North Carolina; Sergt. Christopher Clark, Twelfth Alabama; Private A. F. Senteo, Company H, Twenty-fifth Virginia (detailed in ambulance corps.)

