
[Inclosure]

GENERAL ORDERS, No. 44.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, June 15, 1863.

The lieutenant-general commanding asks the men and officers of the corps to unite with him in returning thanks to our Heavenly Father for the signal success which has crowned the valor of this commanded. In acknowledgment of Division favor, chaplains will hold religious services in their respective regiments at such times as may be most convenient. With wonderfully small loss(less than 300 killed, wounded, and missing), we have carried strong works defended by an abundance of superior artillery, capturing over 3, 000 prisoners and large quantities of military stores and supplies. Such a result should strengthen the reliance in the righteousness of our cause, which has inspired every effort of our troops. By command of Lieutenant General R. S. Ewell:

A. S. PENLETON

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, No. 45

HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, June 15, 1863.

I. Major -General Early, while in the vicinity, will assume command of the Department of Winchester, comprising all the Valley south as far as Woodstock and north as far as the lines of the army. II. All captured property will be turned over to the proper departments, excepting such supplies as may be needed for present consumption, which will at once be issued to the command. The provostmarshall will use the most stringent measures to prevent individual appropriations of what belongs to al. Clothing will be issued under the rules that govern the quartermaster's department, on requisitions approved by the lieutenant-general commanding. All the divisions will be furnished in proportion. When horses or supplies are absolutely necessary for individual, wants, the applications must be approved at these headquarters, or by Major-general Early, commanding Department of Winchester. The garrison flag captured by Major-General Early's division will be sent to Richmond by a detail to be made by

Major-General Early. The lieutenant-general commanding desires in every manner to ameliorate the condition of the men in the ranks, who have the work to do, and who do is so nobly. He is fully sensible of the oppression and outrages of the enemy on our people. He appeals to the intelligence and patriotism that mark this army to assist him in repressing every act of individual plunder on the part of those who may think such only just retaliation. But this plundering must be repressed or our discipline is gone, the prestige of victory which has hitherto marked our course will be lost, and we will become, like our enemies, a band of robbers, without spirit to win victories. By command of Lieutenant General R. S. Ewell:

A. S. PENDLETON,Assistant-Adjutant-General.

