
E. Johnson, whose deeds and merits have fully won him high estimation. It may, perhaps, have been supposed, from the purpose entertained by the Department to transfer him to another field of service, that such vindication was called for, but in reality that change is rather to be regarded as a tribute to his merits and capacities for usefulness, as it is expected he will probably he employed in larch command and in an arena certainly, under present circum-stances inferior to none other in importance.

J. A. SEDDON.

No. 468. Report of Colonel J. Thompson Brown, First Virginia Artillery, Chief of Artillery.

HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY, SECOND CORPS. August 13, 1863.

Major:In accordance with your order of same date, I beg leave to submit a report of the operations of this command since the army left the line of the Rappahannock. About 12 m. June 13, Johnson's division, with Andrews' battalion, came in sight of Winchester, on the Front Royal road, driving in the enemy's advance and exploding one of their limbers. Nothing further was done by us this day with artillery. On June 14, Lieutenant-Colonel [H. P.]Jones, with his own battalion and four batteries of the First Virginia Artillery, under Captain [W. J.]Dance, moved over with Early's division to a position to the right and rear of the enemy, and about 4 o'clock opened a most effective fire with twenty guns upon the work west of the flag fort. This heavy artillery fire enabled the infantry to take this work with but little loss. This artillery was afterward advanced to the captured work, prepared to drive the enemy from the flag fort on the next morning. To assist in this, twelve additional guns were on this night[placed] in position on an abandoned hill on the Valley turnpike, and near Hollingworth's Mills. At this point, the Baltimore Light Artillery, attached to Jenkins' cavalry, did good service on the 14th. This disposition would, I thin, have insured the fall of their main work, but the enemy retired during the night. On the morning of the 15th, Lieutenant-Colonel [R. S.] Andrews, with Dement's and sections from Raine's and Carpenter's batteries, had a sharp engaged with the enemy's infantry, who were retreating on the road toward Charlestown, by Jordan Springs. Great credit is due the officers and men for the spirited and determined manner with which they fought the enemy's infantry at close quarters. Especial credit is due Lieutenant[C. S.]Contee, of Captain [W. F.]Dement's battery, and the section under his command. Lieutenant Contee is recommended for promotion to a captaincy for gallantry on this occasion, and I ask that he be ordered to command of the Chesapeake Artillery, made vacant by death, by wound of Captain [W. D.] Brown. Sergeants [John G.]Harris and [J. E.]Glascocke, and Corporals [William.] Compton, [Samuel]Thompson, and [William H.,]May, of this section, are much to be praised for their coolness and bravely on this occasion. This glorious victory, in which the artillery played so conspicuous a part, was saddened by the death of Captain [C.]Thompson, Louisiana Guard, Jones' battalion, whose gallantry as a soldier and high

