
character as gentleman were conspicuous in the corps. Lieutenant-Colonel Andrews and Lieutenant Contee were also wounded. In addition to these casualties, there were 5 killed and 14 wounded. There were captured from the enemy at Winchester for 20 pounder Parrotts, seventeen 3-inch rifles, and two 24-pounder howitzer. The first two classes were exchanged for inferior guns, which were left at Winchester. While these two divisions were engaged in the capture of Winchester, General Rodes, with Carter's battalion, had moved around by Berryville to Martinsburg, which place was abandoned after a short artillery fight, in which Captain [C. W.] Fry's battery lost 1 killed and 1 wounded. Five 3 -inch rifles were taken at this point, which were also exchanged. No further engagements with artillery occurred until the battle of Gettysburg. On July 1, Rodes' division came upon the enemy near Gettysburg, and Lieutenant-Colonel [T. H.] Carter's battalion engaged them with fine effect, all of his batteries being in action and behaving most gallantly, Captains [R. C. M.] Page's and [William P.] Carter's suffering most severely. Lieutenant-Colonel Jones' battalion, coming up on the York road with Early's division, also engaged the enemy, advancing upon Rodes' left and Early's right, and with fine effect. After Gettysburg was taken, Johnson's division, with Andrews' and the two reserve battalions, came up. Under the impression and hope that the wooded hill on the enemy's right would be taken that evening. I sent an officer to move on with the division and endeavor to find a road for the artillery. The attempt to take hill was not made, however, that evening. On the 2d, about 4 o'clock, a heavy fire was opened upon the enemy's line from Andrews' battalion (under

Major [J. W.]Latimer), on our extreme left, aided by [A.] Graham's battery (First Virginia Artillery), and from Dance's [David] Watson's and [B. H.] Smith's jr., batteries (First Virginia Artillery), on the right of our line, extending beyond the brick seminary. This fire was well directed and effective. Unfortunately, the enemy's position on their extreme right was so excellent, and the number of guns concentrated at that point so great, that, after a most gallant fight,

Major Latimer was forced to withdraw three of his batteries, leaving one to repel any advance of their infantry. It was while with this battery that this gallant and accomplished officer and noble young man received the wound which has resulted in his death. No heavier loss could have befallen the artillery of this corps. On the 3d, the First Virginia Artillery and a portion of Carter's and [William]Nelson's battalions engaged the enemy's batteries, in order to divert their fire from our infantry advancing from the right. This fire was well directed, and its fine effect was very noticeable. Their fire from the Cemetery Hill was at one time almost completely silenced, and, had we been able to continue our fire with shell, the result would have been entirely satisfactory; but, owing to the proximity of our infantry to the enemy, and the defective character of some of the shell, the batteries were compelled to use solid shot. On the 4th, the left was swung around on the ridge opposite the enemy's and the guns placed in position, but not firing. On the 2nd and 3d, [Charles A.] Green's battery, Jones' battalion, operated with Hampton's cavalry, and did excellent service. Tanner's battery, of same battalion, having been sent back with the wagon train, was enabled to do good service in driving off the enemy's cavalry at Williamsport.

