
Lieutenant Fontaine reports that the friction-primers were very defective from improper filling, and also from the top part not being properly closed. Lieutenant [N. M] Osborne, ordnance officer, Carter's battalion, reports also that some of the 3-inch Parrot ammunition was issued to him for the 2, 9 -inch Parrot ammunition. Lieutenant [John] Selden, jr., ordnance officer First Virginia Artillery, also reports that the received some of the 3-inch Parrott ammunition. He reports that he could not use the Confederate States fuse with Yankee ammunition. The artillery ammunition lately received from Richmond is packed in such miserably weak boxes that they are always bursting, and, in consequence, several boxes have been so much damaged as to render the ammunition entirely unserviceable. Besides, there is great danger of explosion in the wagons from the loose powder.

Respectfully submitted.

JNO. M. GREGORY, JR.,

First Lieutenant, and Ordnance Officer, Artillery Second Corps.

No. 470. Report of Major General Jubal A. Early, C. S. Army, commanding division.

HEADQUARTERS EARLY'S DIVISION, August 22, 1863.

Major: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this division during the recent campaign, commencing with its departure from Fredericksburg, and ending with its arrival in the vicinity of Orange Court-House:

MARCH FROM FREDERICKSBURG.

On June 4, the division marched from Hamilton's Crossing, and, having been joined by Jones' battalion of artillery, passed Spotsylvania Court-House, Verdierville, Somerville Ford (on the Rapidan) Culpeper Court -House, Sperrvylle, Washington (the county seat of Rappahannock Country), and, crossing the Blue Ridge at Chester Gap, arrived at Front Royal late on the night of the 12th. Hoke's and Smith's brigades crossed both branches of the Shenandoah that right, and encamped, and Hays' and Gordon's brigades, with Jones' battalion of artillery and the division trains, encamped on the east side of the South Branch, near Front Royal.

CAPTURE OF WINCHESTER.

Early on the morning of the 13th, Hays' and Gordon's brigades and Jones' artillery and the trains were crossed over to the north side of the North Branch of the Shenandoah, and I received orders from the lieutenant-general commanding to move my division to the Valley turnpike, and advance to the vicinity of Kernstown, and then move to the left, so as to get a position from which the main work of the enemy at Winchester could be attacked with advantage, information at the same time being given me that there was a hill to the westward of this work, and commanding it, of which it was desired I should get possession.

