
pieces, two of which were immediately turned upon the enemy, thus preventing an effort to recapture the works before re-enforcements could arrive, for which the enemy commenced preparing. As soon as I saw Hays' men entering the enemy's works, I ordered froward Smith's brigades to his support, and also ordered Jones to advance with his pieces, which were posted on the left, leaving Avery with part of Hoke's brigade to look out for the rear. On reaching been anticipated, the enemy's main work, and also a smaller redoubt to the north of the main work, which was also occupied, and that all the works to the left of this hill had been evacuated. The enemy was in evident commotion, but the time the artillery and Smith's brigade reached the captured hill, it was too late to take any further steps for the capture of the main work, which was very strong, and to accomplish which would have required the cooperation of the other troops around Winchester. I contented my self, therefore, with directing and artillery fire to be kept up until near dark on the enemy's position, which was returned from the main work and the redoubt spoken of, but which little effect. During the night, I had the captured works turned and embrasures cut, so as to open at early light on the main work, and the Fifty-seventh North Carolina 	 Regiment, of Hoke's brigade, was ordered to occupy the works captured by him, and Smith's brigade, was ordered to pied the works captured by him, and Smith's brigade was formed in line in rear o him, Avery being left with two regiments in the rear, to prevent any surprise by the enemy in that direction, and the Fifty-fourth sill remaining on picket on the Romney road. In this position the troops lay on their arms all night. I sent my aide (Lieutenant [William G.] Calloway) to General Gordon, to direct him to General Ewell to inform him of what had been accomplished, and that I thought the enemy would evacuate before morning. As soon as it was light enough next morning to see, it was discovered that the enemy had evacuated, taking the road toward Martinsburg, and very shortly, afterward firing was heard on the Johnson's division with the retreating enemy. I immediately ordered my whole command in pursuit, having detached the Thirteenth Virginia Regiment, of Smith's brigade, to guard the abandoned wagons and property. Gordon's brigade, which first reached the fort and pulled down the flag flying over it, preceded the rest of the division, and, on reaching the point at which General Johnson had encountered the enemy. I found his division halted, and in possession of the greater part of the enemy's infantry as prisoners. It was evident, them, that further pursuit on foot was useless, and I therefore halted my command, and encamped them near this place. The enemy had abandoned all his artillery, all his wagons, and a considerable quantity of public stores. Twenty-five pieces of artillery with their caissons were secured, and a considerable quantity of artillery ammunition, though somewhat damaged. Though in the hurry I gave such directions and took such steeps as it was property, much of it was pilfered and damaged by stragglers, and even after it got into the hands of the quartermasters and commissaries, a good deal of it was made away with. I cannot too highly commend the conduct of Generals Hays and

