
Gordon and their brigades in the two days' fighting which took place around Winchester. The charge of Hays' brigade upon the enemy's works was a most brilliant achievement, and the affair of the day before, when General Gordon drove the enemy from the position he occupied to the left of Kernstown, reflected equal credit upon himself and his brigade. All the arrangements of Colonel Jones and the conduct of himself and his artillery were admirable, and have not been surpassed during the war. I must also commend the gallantry of Lieutenant-Colonel Herbert and

Major Goldsborough, of the Maryland Line, and their troops. Hoke's and Smith's brigades did not become engaged on either day. The members of my staff -Majs. S. Hale, division inspector, and John W. Daniel. assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenants [Andrew L.]Pitzer and Calloway, aides-de-camp-acquitted themselves to my entire satisfaction Mr. Robert D. Early and Mr. Lake volunteer aides (the latter a citizen of Maryland, who had been sent through the lines the day before our arrival), rendered me efficient service, as did Lieutenant Barton, of the Second Virginia Infantry, detailed to accompany me as a guide. My loss in the whole affair was slight, consisting of 30- killed, 143 wounded, and 3 missing. Among the killed and wounded, however, were some gallant and efficient officers. Having been afterward assigned to the command of Winchester for a short time, I sent to Richmond, by the way of Staunton, 108 officers and 3, 250 enlisted men as prisoners, leaving in Winchester several hundred prisoners sick and wounded. The greater part of the prisoners were captured by General Johnson's division while attempting to make their escape after the evacuation MARCH FROM WINCHESTER INTO MARYLAND AND PENNSYLVANIA, TO THE DATE OF THE BATTLE OF GETTYSBURG. While in command at Winchester, I detached the Fifty-fourth North Carolina Regiment, of Hoke's brigade, and the Fifty-eight Virginia Regiment, of Smith's brigade, to Staunton, in charge of prisoners, and, leaving the Thirteenth Virginia Regiment, of Smith's brigade, on duty in Winchester, I left that place on the afternoon of the 18th, and proceeded, with the residue of Hoke's brigade and Jones' battalion of artillery, to Shepherdstown on the next day, Gordon's Hays'

and Smith's brigades having preceded me to that place. On the 22d, I crossed the Potomac at Shepherdstown, and moved through Sharpsburg and Boonsborough, encamping on the road toward Hagerstown, about 3 miles from Boonsborough. The Seventeenth Virginia Cavalry, under Colonel William H. French, of Jenkins' brigade, reported to me on this day, by order of General Ewell, and remained with me until the battle of Gettysburg. On the 23d, I moved through Cavetown, Smitsburtg, and Ringgodl (or Ridgeville, as it is called), to Waynesborough, in Pennsylvania. On the 24th, I moved through Quincy and Altodale to Greenwood, on the turnpike from Chambersburg to Gettysburg. At this pint, my division remained in camp on the 25th, and I visited General Ewell at Chambersburg, and received from him instructions to cross the South Mountain to Gettysburg, and then proceed to York, and cut the Northern Central Railroad, running from Baltimore to Harrisburg, and also destroy the brigade across the

