
and directed him to move with them and his brigade on the turnpike toward York at light next morning, and I also directed Colonel White to proceed with his cavalry to Hanover Junction, on the Northern Central road, destroying the railroad brigades on the way and to destroy the junction and a bridge or two south of it and then proceed toward York, burning all the bridges up to that place. With the rest of the command, I moved next morning (the 27th) from Mummasburg, through Hunterstown, New Chester, Hampton, and East Berlin, toward Dover, and encamped a short distance beyond Berlin; and I rode over to Gordon's camp, on the York pike, which wa about 4 miles distant, to arrange with him the manner of the approach upon York, if it should be defended. But all the information we could gain induced me to believe there was no force in York and that night a deputation from the town came out to Gordon's camp, to surrender it. I directed General Gordon, in the event of there being no force in York, to march through and proceed to Columbia Bridge, and secure it at both ends, if possible. Next morning (the 28th), General Gordon marched into the town of York without opposition, and I proceeded with the rest of the command by the way of Weigelstown, leaving Dover to my left. At Weigelstown, I dispatched Colonel French with three greater part of his cavalry to the mouth of the Conewago, to burn two railroad brigades at that point all other between there and York, and then proceeded on to York, sending Hays' and Smith's brigades into camp at Lauck's Mills, near the railroad, some 2 miles north of the town. Avery's command was marched into the town, and put into town. Avery's command was marched into the town, and put into quarters in some extensive buildings put up for hospitals. I here met with General Gordon, and repeated to him my instructions to proceed to the Susquehanna and secure the Columbia Bridge, if possible, and he moved in that direction with command. I then made a requisition upon the authorities for 2, 000 paris of shoes 1, 000 hats, 1, 000 paris of socks, $ 100, 000 in money, and three days' rations of all kinds. Subsequently between 1, 200 and 1, 500 paris of shoes, the hats, socks, and rations, were furnished, but only $ 28, 600 in money was furnished, which was paid to my quartermaster (

Major [C. E.]Smodgrass), the mayor and other authorities protesting their inability to get any more money, as it had all been run off previously, and I was satisfied they made an honest effort to raise the amount called for. A short time before night, I rode out in the direction of Columbia Bridge, to ascertain the result of Gordon's expedition, and had not proceeded far before I saw an immense smoke rising in the direction of the Susquehanna, which I subsequently discovered to proceed from the burning of the bridge in question. On arriving at Wrightsville, on the banks of the Susquehanna, opposite Columbia, I ascertained from General Gordon that, on approaching Wrightsville, in front of the bridge he found a command of militia some 1, 200 strong, entrenched, and, after endeavoring to move around their flank to cut them off from the bridge (which he was unable to do from want of knowledge of the locality), he opened his artillery on the militia, which fled at the bursting of the third shell, and he immediately pursued; but as his men had marched a little over 20 miles, on a very warm day, the enemy beat him running. He, however, attempted to cross the bridge, and the head of his column got half way over, but he found the bridge, which had been prepared for the purpose, on fire in the middle. As he had nothing but muskets and rifles, he

