
in the direction of Heidlersburg, from which I could move either to Shippensburg of to Greenwood by the way of Arendtsville, as circumstances might require. At the same time, I sent Colonel White's cavalry on the pike from York toward Gettysburg, to ascertain if any force of the enemy was on that road. At East Berlin, a small squad of the enemy's cavalry was seen and pursued by my cavalry advance, and I received information at this point from Colonel White that a cavalry and infantry force had been on the York road, at Abbott's Ford, but had moved south toward Hanover. A courier from General Ewell met me here with Rodes' division by the way of Petersburg to Heidlersburg, and directing me to march in that direction. I encamped about 3 miles from Heidlesburg, and rode to see General Ewell at that point, and was informed by him that the object was to concentrate the corps at or near Cashtown, and received directions to move next day to that point. I was informed that Rodes would move by the way of Middletown and Arendtsville, but it was arranged that I should go by the way of Hunterstown and Mummasburg.

BATTLE OF GETTYSBURG.

Having ascertained that the road from my camp to Hunterstown was a very rough and circuitous one, I determined next morning (July 1) to march by the way of Heidlesburg, and then from that point to the Mummasburg road. After passing Heidlersburf a short distance, I received a note from you, written by order of General Ewell, informing me that General Hill was moving from Cashtown toward Gettysburg, and that General Rodes had turned off at Milletown, and was moving toward the same place, and directing me to move also to that point. I therefore continued to move on the road I was then of toward Gettysburg, and, on arriving in sight of that place, on the direct road from Heidlesburg, I discovered that General Rode's division was engage with the enemy to the right of me, the enemy occupying a position on front of Gettysburg, and the troops constituting his right being engaged in an effort to drive back the left of General Rodes' line. I immediately ordered my troops to the front, and formed my line across the Heidlersburg rad, with Gordon's brigade on the right, Hoke's brigade (under Colonel Avery) on the left Hays' brigade in the center, and Smith's brigade in the rear of Hoke's. Jones' battalion of artillery was posted in a field on the left of the Hedlersburg road, immediately in front of Hoke's brigade, so as to fire of the enemy's flank, and, as soon as these dispositions could be made, a fire was opened upon the enemy's infantry and artillery by my artillery with considerable effect. Gordon's brigade was then ordered forward to the support of Doles' brigade, which was on Rode's left, and was being pressed by a considerable force, of the enemy, which had advanced from the direction of the town to a wooded hill on the west side of Rock Creek, the stream which runs northeast of the town, and as soon as Gordon was fairly engaged with this force, Hays' and Hoke's brigades were ordered forward in line, and the artillery, supported by Smith's brigade, was ordered to follow. After a short but hot contest, Gordon succeeded in routing the force opposed to him consisting of a division of the Eleventh Corps.

