
commanded by Brigadier-General Barlow, of the Federal Army, and drove it back with great slaughter, capturing, among a number of prisoners, General Barlow himself, who was severely wounded . Gordon advanced across the creek, over the hill on which Barlow had been posted, and across the fields toward the town, until he came to a low ridge, behind which the enemy had another line of battle, extending beyond his left. I directed him to halt her, and then ordered Hays and Avery, who had been halted on the east side of Rock Creek while I rode forward to where Gordon had been engaged, to advance toward the town, on Gordon's left, which they did in fine style, encountering and driving back into the town in great confusion the second line of the enemy. Hays' brigade entered the town, fighting its way, and Avery moved to the left of it across the railroad, and took his position in the fields on the left, and facing Cemetery Hill, which here presented a very rugged ascent. This movement was made under the fire of artillery from this hill, which had previously opened when my artillery had first opened its fire, but Avery succeeded in placing his men under the cover of a low ridge which here runs through the fields from the town. Hays' brigade was formed in line in the street running through the middle of the town. Avery large number of prisoners were captured in the town, and before reaching it, their number being so great as really to embarrass us. Two pieces of artillery (Napoleons) were also captured outside of the town, the capture being claimed by both brigades; but it is unnecessary to decide which reached these pieces first, as the capture was unquestionably due to the join valor of both brigades. While these operations were going on with my division, I saw, farther to the right, the enemy's force on that part of the line falling back and moving in comparatively good on the right of the town toward the range of hills in the far, and I sent back for a battery of artillery to be brought up to open on this force and the town, from which a fire was opened on my brigades, but before it got up, my men had entered the town, and the force on the right had retired beyond reach. I had at the same time sent an ordered to General Smiths to advance with his brigade, but he thought proper not to comply with this order, on account of a report that the enemy was advancing on the York road. As soon as my brigades had entered the town, I rode into that place myself, and, after ascertaining the condition of things, I rode to find General Ewell and General Rodes, of General Hill, for the purpose of urging an immediate advance upon the enemy before he purpose of urging an immediate advance upon the enemy before he should recover from his evident dismay, in order to get possession of the hills to which he had fallen back with the remnant of his forces; but before I found either of these officers, General Smith's son, who was acting as his aide, camp to me with a message from the general, stating that a large force of the enemy, consisting of infantry, artillery, and cavalry, was advancing on the York road, and that we were about to be flanked; and though I had no faith in this report, I thought proper to send General Gordon with his brigade to take charge of Smith's also, and to keep a lookout on the York road, and stop any further alarm. Meeting with an officer of Major -General Pender's staff, I sent word by him to General Hill that if he would send up a division. we could take the hill to which the enemy had retreated; and shortly after meeting with General Ewell, I communicated my views to him

