
it became necessary to open on him with shell; and a battery having been borough up by the enemy, and replying to my fire, the trains soon cleared to hold the enemy in check, which it did effectually driving back his advance, and my division was gradually moved forward beyond Fairfield, and formed in line in a favorable position and Gordon's regiment was called in. In this affair, this regiment (Twenty -sixth Georgia) sustained a loss of 11 wounded and missing. The division was then encamped, by order of General Ewell, not far from Faiffield, and so posted as to protect the trains, which had been parked a little farther on. The enemy did not again molest me, and a light next morning, the 6th, my skirmishers having been replaced by those of General Rodes' division (which was this day to constitute the rear guard), I moved to the front of the corps, and, passing Monterey Springs, on the summit of the mountain, crossed over to Waynesborough, where I encamped for the night. Very early next morning, the 7th, I moved out toward Hagerstown, by Leitersburg, following Rodes, and being followed by Johnson, whose division this day constituted the rear guard. My division was halted and encamped about a mile north of Hagerstown, on the Chambersburg pike. It remained in this position until the afternoon of the 10th, when it was moved through Hagerstown, and p; aced in position on the Cumberland road, on the crest of the ridge southwest of Hagerstown. On the next day, the 11th, it was moved farther to the right, and placed in position, with its right, resting near the road from Hagerstown to Williamsport. It remained here until after dark on the 12th, when it was moved to the right across the Williamsport road to the rear of General Hill's position, for the purpose of supporting his line, which faced the road leading toward Sharpsburg, and in front of which a considerable force of the enemy had been massed. At dark on the night of the 13th, my division was withdrawn, and moved to Williamsport that night, bringing up the rear of the corps, and, after light on the 14th, it was recrossed over the Potomac, Gordon's Hoke's and Smith's brigades (the latter now commanded by Colonel Hoffman, as General Smith had tendered his resignation on the 10th, and received leave of absence)fording above Williamsport and Hays' brigade with Jones' battalion of artillery, crossing over the bridge at Falling Waters. The division encamped near Hainesville that night, and the next day moved through Martinsburg, and on the 16th reached Darkes- ville, where it went into camp, and remained until the afternoon of the 20th, when it was ordered to move across North Mountain, at Mill's Gap, and down Back Creek, to intercept a body of the enemy reported to have advanced to Hedgesville. On the night of the 20th, I encamped near Gerrardstown, and nest day crossed the mountain, and, proceeding down Back Creek, reached the rear of Hedgesville, but found that the enemy had hastily retreated the night before. I then moved through Hedgesville and encamped. Receiving orders that night to move up the Valley, with a view to crossing the mountains, I moved next day to Bunker Hill, and then through Winchester to the Opequon, on the Front Royal road, but in consequence of instructions received from General Ewell, I turned

