
of to the Valley road from Cedarville, and thence, marching by the way of Strasburg, New Market, Fisher's Gap, Madison Court-House, Locust Grove, and Rapidan Station, I reached my present camp, near Clark's Mountain, in the vicinity of Orange Court-House, on the 1st of this month. The Fifty -fourth North Carolina Regiment and Fifty -eight Virginia Regiment rejoined their respective brigades near Hagerstown on the march back, after having participated in the repulse of the enemy's attack on our trains near Williamsport, and the Thirteenth Virginia Regiment rejoined its brigade on the passage through Winchester. The conduct of my troops during the entire campaign, on the march as well as in action, was deserving of the highest commendation. To Brigadier-General Hays and Gordon I was greatly indebted for their cheerful, active and intelligent co-operation on all occasions, and their gallantry in action was eminently conspicuous. I had to regret the absence of the gallant

Brigadier-General Hoke, who was severely wounded in the action of MAY 4, at Fredericksburg, and had not recovered, but his place was worthily filled by Colonel Avery, of the Sixth North Carolina Regiment, who fell, mortally wounded, while gallantly leading his brigade in the charge on Cemetery Hill, at Gettysburg, on the afternoon of July 2. In his death the Confederacy lost a good and brave soldier. The conduct of Lieutenant -Colonel Jones and his artillery battalion on all occasions, as well as that of Brown's battalion at Winchester, was admirable. My commendations are also due to Colonel French and Lieutenant-Colonel White and their respective cavalry commands for the efficient service performed by them. To the members of my staff -Majors Hale, division inspector; Daniel, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenants Pitzer and Calloway my aides, and Mr. Robert D. Early, a volunteer aide-I was indebted for the active zeal, energy, and courage with they performed their duties. Thought I do not wish to make invidious distinctions by calling attention to individual acts of daring and gallantry, of which there were so many instances, I must refer to the case of Lieutenant John Orr, adjutant of the Sixth Louisiana Regiment (mentioned by General Hays), who mounted the enemy's breastworks at Winchester, and received a bayonet wound on the top of the parapet, and I respectfully recommend this officer for promotion to the position of captain of cavalry, he being desirous of entering that branch of the service, for which he is eminently qualified. Accompanying this report will be found lists of killed, wounded and missing, *and also the official reports of

Brigadier-Generals Hays and Gordon, Colonel Godwin and Hoffman, and Lieutenant, Colonel Jones; also a report of Lieutenant-Colonel Murchison, on the Fifty-fourth North Carolina Regiment, of the part taken his regiment in the repulse of the enemy's cavalry near Williamsport, Md.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. EARLY

Major-General, Commanding Division.

Major A. S. PENDLETON,

Asst. Adjt. General Second Corps, Army of Northern Virginia.

---------------

*See compilation, following from the nominal list.

---------------

