
Colonel [L. A.]Stafford commanding, to deploy as skirmishers, and drive the enemy from a wooded eminence between my position and the Valley turnpike. This having been effected, I advanced my brigade, and formed it in line of battle on the above-mentioned hill throwing out six companies as skirmishers, to advance to another piece of woods in my front. At this juncture, I was ordered by General Early to remain in my position until Gordon's brigade should have swept around and entered the woods to my left. Gordon having met the enemy, drove him steadily before him, my six companies of skirmishers advancing with his brigade. My brigade was then put in motion, and continued to advance until both brigades were halted, by command of General Early, when we were formed in line on the crest of a hill in front of the Cedar Creek road, and in rear of Barton's Mills, on the Valley turnpike, Gordon's right resting on the pike and my brigade on his left. In this position we remained during that evening and night. At daylight on the morning of June 14, brisk skirmishing took place, and at sunrise, in obedience to orders from General Early, I sent the Seventh Regiment, Colonel Penn commanding, with directions to advance with a regiment of Gordon's brigade, to take possession of a hill in front of the old mill, the same taken by the Louisiana brigade in May, 1862. This was accomplished after a short engagement with the enemy's skirmishers. Sharp skirmishing continued during the morning, and at 11 o'clock I received orders from General Early to withdraw the Seventh Regiment and my skirmishers so soon as they should be relieved by General Gordon, and to form my brigade on the Cedar Creek road. From this place we were marched around to the left and west of Winchester, until we reached, at about 3. 30 p. m., a position to the north of the Romney road, and between that road and the Punghtown road, in the rear of a fortified hill, to the north of and commanding the main fort. There we halted. The artillery having been put in position, I was ordered by General Early at about 5 p. m. to form my brigade, and be in readiness to charge and take the fortified position of the enemy in our front, which was the key to all the other fortifications in and around Winchester. Having, in company with General Early, made a careful reconnaissance, I proceeded to form my line on the slope of a wooded hill, in advance of and between the two positions selected for our artillery, p; acing the Sixth, Seventh, and Ninth Regiments (commanded, respectively, by Colonels [William] Monagham, Penn, and Stafford) in the front line, and the Fifth and Eight Regiments (commanded by Colonels [Henry]Forno and [T. D. Lewis) at a convenient distance in the rear, to be used on the flanks or in support, as occasion might require. Having informed General Early that my arrangements were completed, and my brigade in readiness to advance, the artillery at once opened a heavy fire upon the enemy's position. So well directed was this fire, that in a few minutes the enemy were forced to seek shelter behind works, and scarcely a head was discovered above the ramparts. At this time, a favorable opportunity presenting itself for me to advance from the woods and cross the open field in my front (at about 6 or 6. 30 o'clock), I gave the order to forward. I continued to advance slowly and steadily, and succeeded in clearing the woods, crossing the field, and had begun to ascend the hill upon which were

