
the enemy's fortifications, when coming in view of our own artillery, it ceased firing. The enemy immediately arose from their hiding-places behind their works, and discovered us just as we had reached the edge of an abatis of felled timber, about 150 yards from the fortifications. The order to charge was given, and so rapidly did this brigade push forward that the enemy had time to give us but a few volleys of musketry and only four or five rounds of canister from their field pieces before the position was reached and carried. About 150 yards above and to the left of the main fortifications was a small redoubt, manned by infantry and mounted with two pieces of artillery. This work was abandoned by the enemy immediately upon the fall of the other; but as they attempted to carry of their artillery, the Seventh Regiment was at once faced to the left, and, by shooting a few of the horses, saved both guns and caissons. Owing to the difficulty experienced by men in getting over the ditches and embankments after the works had been reached, and the precipitate flight of the enemy, the loss of the enemy in killed, wounded, and prisoners was very small. We captured one battery of the Fifth U. S. Artillery (regulars), of six guns, with caissons and trappings complete, and all the horses belonging thereto, save a few which we found it necessary to shoot in order to secure some of guns. Shortly after fortifications had been carried, the enemy made a demonstration to retake it, and with that view fad formed three columns. Two of the captured guns were immediately turned upon them, being served by some of my men who had previously bee for a short time in the artillery service, and after a few-directed rounds they were compelled to retire. Smith's brigade and Colonel Jones' battalion of artillery came up to my support shortly afterward. With the exception of quite a brisk cannonading, there was no further fighting that night. The next morning, June 15th was discovered that the enemy, seeing the key to all his other works in our possession, had evacuated Winchester, whereupon brigade, with the remainder of the division, took up the line of march in the direction of Martinsburg. The loss of my brigade in this engagement was 2 officers and 10 men killed, 8 officer and 59 men wounded, 3 missing. Total of the two day's operations: 14 killed, 78 wounded, 3 missing. I desire here to mention that my officers and men won my highest admiration by the cool, steady, unflinching bravely they exhibited in this action, and particularly would I call attention to the conspicuous gallantry of Lieutenant [John] Orr, adjutant of the Sixth Regiment, who was the first to mount the parapet of the enemy's redoubt, receiving while doing so a severe bayonet wound in the side. To my staff-Captain W. J. Seymour, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant John Freeland, aide-camp-I am again indebted for valuable services. Also to Captain John G. Campbell, acting brigade quartermaster and commissary, who rendered me important assistance general and inspector, was absent, sick.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HARRY T. HAYS.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major JOHN W. DANIEL, Asst. Adjt. General, Early's Division.

