
a field east of and adjoining the woods. This occurred between 3 and 4 o'clock in the morning . General Elliott immediately filed the One hundred and twenty-third, One hundred and tenth, and One hundred and twenty- second Ohio Regiments to the left, and formed them in line of battle west of and in front of the woods in which the enemy was posted . He then advanced the One hundred and tenth Ohio, Colonel Keifer, into the woods, to feel enemy. This regiment soon became actively engaged, and was immediately supported by the One hundred and twenty-second Ohio, which promptly took its position on the right of the One hundred and tenth. It soon became evident that the enemy was present in considerable force, with at least two batteries of artillery. It was evident, however, that a retreat could not be effected excepting under cover of a heavy contest with him . The one hundred and tenth and One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Maintained the contest for over an hour, occasionally falling back, but in the main driving the enemy. They captured one of the enemy's caissons and silenced two of his guns by killing his gunners and his artillery horses. Although immediately under the guns of the enemy, they preserved their lines, and kept up an incessant, heavy, and murderous fire of musketry, under the effect of which the enemy's right flank fell into disorder and recoiled. During this contest, Colonel Keifer especially distinguished himself by the display of the qualities of a brave soldier and a judicious and skillful officer. About the time the contest commenced on my left, by my orders the Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania infantry, Colonel Schall, advanced against the enemy's left, but was soon driven back. I then supported the Eighty-seventh by the Eighteenth Connecticut, and the two regiments, under Colonel Ely, again advanced into the woods, but were again drive back. I then supported Colonel Ely with the One hundred and twenty-third Ohio, and again advanced the line, but it was repulsed with inconsiderable loss, the range of the enemy's guns being so elevated as to render his artillery inefficient. At this time a signal gun fired at Winchester announced the approach of the enemy in my rear. Colonel Ely's command was again rallied, and formed in line of battle west of the Martinsburg road, and that officer again directed to engage the enemy. At this time the One hundred and tenth and One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry Regiments were still maintaining their fire on the left with anabating energy. I then gave instructions that my forces unengaged and trains should retreat under cover of the contest, taking the Martinsburg road for a short distance, and then turning to the right . I instructed my staff officers, excepting Captain Baird, who was engaged with the One hundred and tenth and One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry, on my left, to diligently convey these instructions. They were conveyed to Colonel Washburn, commanding the One hundred and sixteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry ; Colonel Klunk, commanding First New York Cavalry, Major Adams, commanding First New York Cavalry, and Major Titus, commanding Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry. These forces immediately marched, but, instead of taking the route indicated, took a road which leads to the left, through Bath, in Morgan County . They were followed by considerable bodies of the Eighteenth Connecticut and Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania, and some stragglers from the One hundred and twenty-

