
My loss this day was small-1 officer, and 6 men killed, 4 officers and 37 men wounded, and 15 men missing. The loss of the enemy cannot be know with exactness, but it was apparent from an inspection of the field that his loss exceeded ours by at least six to one. Having driven the enemy entirely out of the city, I rested my line on one of the upper southern streets, Hoke's brigade, on my left, extending beyond the eastern suburbs. In this position I remained until 12 o'clock that night. At that hour I received an order from

Major -General Early to make a reconnaissance of the ground between my situation and that of the enemy, who after abandoning, the city, had intreched himself on Cemetery Hill, a commanding height, one of a series or chain of hills belting Gettysburg on the south. After a careful examination of the locality indicated, about 2 o'clock in the morning (July 2) I moved my troops into an open field between the city and the base of a hill intervening between us and Cemetery Hill, throwing out skirmishers to the front. In this field we remained the entire day of July 2, prominently exposed to the fire of the enemy's skirmishers and sharpshooters. During the afternoon of this day, I was directed by Major-General Early to hold my brigade in readiness at a given signal to charge the enemy in the works on the summit of the hill before me, with the information that a general advance of our entire line would be made at the same time. A little before 8 p. m. I was ordered to advance with my own and Hoke's brigade on my left, which had been placed for the time under my command. I immediately moved forward, and had gone but a short distance when my whole line became exposed to a most terrific fire from the enemy's batteries from the entire range of hills in front and to the right and left; still, both brigades advanced steadily up and over the first hill, and into a bottom at the foot of Cemetery Hill. Here we came upon a considerable body of the enemy, and a brisk musketry fire ensued; at the same time his artillery, of which we were now within canister range, opened upon us, but owing to the darkness of the evening, now verging into night, and the deep obscurity afforded by the smoke of the firing, our exact locality could not be discovered by the enemy's gunners, and we thus escaped what in the full light of day could have been nothing else than horrible slaughter. Taking advantage of this, we continued to move forward until we reached the second line, behind a stone wall at the foot of a fortified hill. We passed such of the enemy who had not fled, and who were still clinging for shelter to the wall, to the rear, as prisoners. Still advancing, we came upon an abatis of fallen timber and the third line, disposed in rifle-pits. This line we broke, and, as before, found many of the enemy who had not fled hiding in the pits for protection. 	These I ordered to the rear as prisoners, and continued my progress to the crest of the hill. Arriving at the summit, by a simultaneous rush from my whole line, I captured several pieces of artillery, for stand of colors, and a number of prisoners. At that time every piece of artillery which had been firing upon us was silenced. A quiet of several were heard and perfectly discerned through the increasing darkness, advancing in the direction of my position. Approaching within 100 yards, a line was discovered before us, from the whole length of which a simultaneous fire was delivered. I reserved my

