
prisoners to Richmond, via Staunton. With as little delay as practicable, the regiment returned to Winchester on July 3, when in conjunction with a Virginia regiment, it was ordered to guard an ordnance train to the army, then in Pennsylvania. Reaching Williamsport, Md., on the 5th, I was ordered by General Imboden to take position, and repel any attack that might be made on the wagon train of the army, which had arrived there, but could not cross, owing to the high stage of the river. On Monday [July 6], the enemy advanced on Williamsport, by the Hagerstown and Boonsborough roads, with cavalry and artillery. Our infantry force being small, four companies of my regiment were sent to support two batteries of artillery at different points. With the remainder I deployed, so as to check any advance of the enemy on the Boonsborough road. Several detachments of soldiers returning to their command were placed under my command, and acted with the regiment. After a brisk engagement of two hours, night coming on, the enemy withdrew. My loss in this engagement was 17 men wounded. of whom 2 have since died; besides, a number of those attached to my command were killed and wounded. On Tuesday (July 7), I was ordered by General Lee to cross to the south bank of the Potomac, to guard a wagon train and hold the heights. Remaining there until the 11 th, I was relieved, and joined the brigade same day near Hagerstown. With the army, the regiment again recrossed the Potomac on the morning of July 14. Marching almost continually, the regiment reached this point on the 3rd instant, where it remains to this date. It is not deemed necessary to give a detailed account of marches, as it is familiar to the brigade commander, in whose report it is supposed to appear. Justice to the officers and men under my command requires that I should say that they have withstood the long marches and hardships incident thereof with a firmness worthy use in which they are engaged. I am, very respectfully,

K. K. MURCHISON,

Colonel Commanding.

Captain [J. M.]ADAMS,

Assistant Adjutant -General, Hoke's Bridge.

No. 476. Report of Colonel John S. Hoffnam, Thirty-first Virginia Infantry, commanding Smith's brigade.

HEADQUARTERS SMITH'S BRIGADE, August 4, 1863.

Major:This brigade was commanded by General [William]Smith from the time if left the vicinity of Fredericksburg till July 10 last, when having tendered his resignation and obtained leave of absence, the command devolved upon me. The brigade accompanied the main body from the division during the campaign, excepting that portions were temporarily detached, as will mentioned.

