
On June 13, near Kernstown, south of Winchester, the brigade formed on the right of the Valley turnpike, in rear of General Hoke's brigade, and afterward moved by the left flank, and formed to the left of the road; thence the Thirty-first Virginia Regiment was sent forward to hold a brick house and orchard near the road, and it being reported that the enemy was advancing in force, the residue of the brigade soon followed, and the whole formed near the house, where it was exposed to a few shell from one of the enemy's batteries; thence it moved to the left and forward, and formed on the southwest of the enemy's fortifications near Winchester, on the left of General Hays' brigade, under a considerable fire of shell, which, however, passed over the command. Here the Thirteenth and part of the Forty ninth Virginia Regiments were deployed and advanced as skirmishers. The brigade occupied this position during that evening and night and the forenoon of the next day, the Thirteenth Virginia Regiment occasionally skirmishing with the enemy's sharpshooters. On the 14 th, about the middle of the day, the brigade moved to the left and forward, crossing the Northwestern turnpike, and formed on a ridge west of the enemy's works, in rear of General Hays' brigade. Late in the evening, the artillery of the division having opened and delivered a heavy fire upon the enemy's works, which was promptly returned, and General Hays, under severe musketry as well as artillery fire, assaulting and carrying his first line of works, this brigade followed and supported it, and with it occupied the place during the night. In this action only 2-men were wounded. Having left the Thirteenth and Fifty-eight Virginia Regiments near Winchester, only the three others constituting the brigade, on July 1 it formed on the northward of the town of Gettysburg, and twice moved forward toward the town. After the enemy had been driven beyond the town, the brigade moved to the left, crossing the [Gettysburg Railroad and York turnpike. The Forty-ninth Virginia Regiment was advanced as skirmishers. On several occasions during the day the brigade was exposed to fire from the enemy's batteries. On the 2d, it being reported that the enemy's cavalry was approaching from the northward, the brigade, with that of General Gordon, moved on the York turnpike, and the Forty-ninth and Fifty-second Virginia Regiments moved to the left and forward eastwardly, crossing the creek, and formed between to the left and forward eastwardly, crossing the creek, and formed between the creek and the enemy's works near the left of General Johnon's division, and thence moved to the left, and formed nearly at right angles to the extreme left of that division, when the Forty-ninth, supported by the Fifty-second Virginia Regiment, advanced upon a large body of the enemy near the left flank Virginia Regiment having been relieved by General Stuart and join the others about this time, the Forty-ninth Virginia Regiment was left, while the other two regiments recrossed the creek and moved down southeastwardly, and formed, and thence moved back up the creek and to the rear, and rested, when they were joined by the Forty-ninth Virginia Regiment.

