
third, One hundred and tenth, and one hundred and twenty-second Ohio-Volunteer Infantry. Colonel Ely was instructed to fall back and retreat as soon as the troops had passed his rear. Major [John L.] Mc Gee and Captain Palmer, of my staff, who were at different times dispatched to Colonel McReynolds with instructions, each separately reported that they could not find that officer or any portion of his command, excepting Major Adams, with the First New York Cavalry. It was supposed that during the battle he had retreated to the right of the Martinsburg road. About the time that I had given the directions above indicated, my horse was shot under me. Some time intervened before I could be remounted. When remounted, I went in the direction of the One hundred and tenth and the One hundred and twenty-second Ohio, and met them falling back by the Martinsburg road. The retreat was now in full progress - the two columns by different routes- and it was impossible to unite them. I proceeded with the One hundred and twenty -second Ohio Regiments, and fragments of other regiments which followed after them. This portion of the command, by way of Smithfield, arrived at Harper's Ferry late in the afternoon of Monday. I was not pursued. The column that proceeded in the direction of Bath crossed the Potomac at Hancock, and subsequently massed at Bloody Run, 2, 700 strong. Having no report from Colonel McReynolds, I am unable the state the operations of his brigade on Monday morning. That officer arrived at Harper's Ferry about 12 m. on Monday, unaccompanied by any considerable portion of his command . The Sixth Maryland Infantry, attached to his brigade, arrived at that place Monday evening, almost intact. His other infantry regiment, the Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania, was principally captured. I have learned that while Colonel Ely, was endeavoring to retreat, in pursuance to directions, he was surrounded, and compelled to surrender, with the greater portion of the command which he led in the last charge. The force which we encountered on Monday morning in our front was Johnson's division, of Ewell's corps. from 8, 000 to 10, 000 strong. The whole number of my division which have reported at Harper's Ferry and Bloody Run and other places exceeds 5, 000. The stragglers scattered through the country are perhaps 1, 000. My loss in killed and wounded cannot be large. It is not my objects at this time to bestow praise or cast censure, but I feel it to be my duty to say that during the late operations near Winchester generally the officers and men under my command conducted themselves with distinguished gallantry and deserve well of their country. If they could be again united (as they should be) under their appropriate brigade and regimental organizations, they would be formidable for any field. It is proper that I should here refer again to the instructions under which I occupied Winchester . They were not materially changed from those above given until Thursday, June 11, 12 o'clock at night, when I received from Colonel Piatt, at Harper's Ferry, the following telegram: In accordance with orders from Halleck, received from headquarters at Baltimore to-day, you will immediately take steps to remove your command from Winchester to Harper's Ferry . You will, without delay, call in Colonel Mc Reynolds and such other outposts not necessary for observation at the front. Send back your heavy

4 R R-VOL XXVII, PT II

