
use of artillery on our side, because the range was too great for our guns to do much service. Parts of three batteries, however, were placed in position, so as to be ready for any emergency. A shell from the enemy, exploding among the batteries held in reserve, killed 1 man and 2 horses in Captain [A. W.]Garber's, and 1 horse in Captain [James McD.]Carrington's battery. On Sunday morning, June 14, Captain Dance, commanding Brown's battalion, and Captain [W. H.]Griffin, commanding battery attached to the Maryland Line, reported to me, by other, with their commands. I then received an order from General Early to move with all the artillery (my own battalion under Captain Carrington, and Brown's battalion under Captain Dance) in rear of the division around to the left excepting two batteries, viz, Griffin's battery and [A.]Hupp's battery, Brown's battalion, the latter commanded by Lieutenant [Charles B.]Griffin, which were ordered to report to General Gordon. We made a detour of 6 or 7 miles without being perceived by the enemy, and at about 3 p. m. succeeded in reaching his right and rear. Here twelve guns (four of my battalion and eight of Brown's under Captain Dance) were placed in position and about three-fourths of a mile on their left. At a point nearer, and from which a better enfilade fire could be directed on their works, eight guns of my battalion were placed, under command of Captain Carrington. The guns were unlimbered just under the crest of the hill, so that they might be concealed from the enemy until all proper dispositions should be made. When everything was in readiness, acting under the order of the major-general commanding, I ordered the guns to be run up by hand to the crest and open fire, concentrating their fire upon the outwork of the enemy, which from our position, was to the left of the flang fort. So completely unconscious was the enemy of our presence until we opened fire, that 2 miles to our right, and in front of General Gordon, occupying the position we had held in the morning, we could plainly see the rear of his line of battle, composed of infantry, artillery, and cavalry. This line rapidly disappeared at the report of the first gun. We kept up such a well-directed fire on this work that we destroyed the aim of the enemy's guns, causing him to shoot widely over our heads, and also kept his infantry support closely sheltered under the works. The fire of the artillery was continued until General Hays' brigade commenced to charge the works. Captain Carrington was then ordered to cease firing, and Captain Dance to direct his fire on the flag fort. After General Hays succeeded in carrying the works, Captain Carrington, commanding the batteries on the left of the line, was ordered to advance his eight guns, which he did under a heavy flank fire from the flag fort of the enemy, and took position near the works and opened fire. Four guns from the right of the line were also brought up (two of the Louisiana Guard Artillery and two of Carrington's battery, commanded by Lieutenant [Alexander B.]Cochran, the whole under Captain [C.]Thompson, of the Louisiana Guard Artillery), and placed by order to General Early, on the right of the works, so as to fire upon the flag fort. The firing continued until nightfall, when in cease. All the guns were then brought and placed in position behind the works, so as to open a concentrated fire on the enemy the next day. Just before

