
dark the noble and gallant Captain Thompson, of the Louisiana Guard Artillery, received a wound which terminated his life. In him the service lost one of its best officers. Carrington's battery lost 1 man killed and 1 wounded, and Garber's battery 1 wounded. In the assault upon these works, six guns were captured guns enabled me to supply the existing deficiencies in my battalion. At light on the morning of the 15th, the enemy was found to have evacuated the position. The artillery then marched in rear of the division to a point 4 miles beyond Winchester, on the Martinsburg road, where we halted for a time. We then recommenced the march crossing the river at Shepherdstown, and passed on through Boonsborough and Cavetown into Pennsylvania, and then by Waynesborough and Greenwood to Gettysburg. Here one battery (Captain [W. A.]Tanner's) was detached, and ordered to report to General Gordon. With the remainder of the artillery, we followed in rear of the division through Berlin to York. Captain Tanner, wtih General Gordon. With the remainder of the artillery, we followed in rear of the division through Berlin to York. Captain Tanner, with General Gordon, marched up to Wrightsville, where he fired a few rounds at the enemy without his replying with artillery. After resting at York one day, we marched back in the direction of Gettysburg, before which place we arrived on Wednesday, July 1. Here, finding the enemy heavily engaging General Rodes on our right, the major-general commanding ordered me to put the batteries in position, so as to open fire. Acting under his orders, I immediately placed twelve guns in position, and opened fire with considerable effect on the enemy's artillery, and upon the flank of a column of troops that were being massed upon our right. On the advance of General Gordon's brigade from our right, we directed our fire farther to the left, on the disordered masses of the enemy that were rapidly retreating before our troops. This was continued until the advance of our men rendered it dangerous to continued firing from that position. I immediately, by order of General Early, sent Captain Carrington's battery across the creek to take position in front of Gettysburg, but moving with all rapidity, as it did, before it could reach any portion enemy had been driven though the town by Hays' brigade. In the first position we occupied, three guns were temporarily disabled by being struck of the face of the muzzle and bent by a solid shot from the enemy. We had 1 man killed of Captain Green's and 1 man of Captain Garber's battery wounded. The guns that were temporarily disabled were soon rendered of for service again, and I was enabled to replace the Napoleon gun permanently disabled by one of the two Napoleon guns captured by General Hays' brigade. The disabled gun and the other captured Napoleon I had carried and turned over to the ordnance department, thereby securing them. In the other two days of the battle of Gettysburg, my battalion was not actively engaged, but was in position to guard against a reported flank movement of the enemy on our left, and afterward any advance the enemy might attempt to make from the hills in front of Gettysburg. On the 2d, I ordered two guns of Captain Green's battery at the request of General Stuart, to report to General Hampton at Hunterstown, where he engaged the enemy with, a loss of 1 man killed and 1 sergeant and 114 men wounded. Captain Tanner having exhausted his ammunition, excepting a few

