
rounds of canister, and it being impossible to supply him, I ordered him to go with the wagon train to the rear. When this was attacked in the mountains, he rendered very efficient service with his few rounds of canister, driving back enemy's cavalry. Here he lost 2 men, missing. On reaching Williamsport, he received more ammunition, and rendered good service when the wagon train was attacked, with a loss of 1 man and 2 horses killed and 1 horse disabled. On the morning of the 5th, we fell back from Gettysburg, the division bringing up the rear of the army, and continued our march to Hagerstown, where we remained in line of battle a few days; then surgeon at Gettysburg, to bring off the wounded, have never since been heard from. One forge sent over with the wagon train was lost at the river. In the expedition to and around Hedgesville, Captain Tanner's battery was detached, and went to to Johnsontown with Colonel [Lawrence S.] Baker, commanding cavalry brigade, where it fired a few rounds at the enemy across very much from long marches and want of proper food. My thanks are due to both officers and men for their conduct in presence of the enemy and the patience with which they endured the hardship of the campaign.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

H. P. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel Commanding Artillery Battalion.

Major JOHN W. DANIEL,

Assistant Adjutant-General. AUGUST 4, 1863.

SIR: On the morning of July 1, while margin in rear of Early's division, I received an order from General Early to bring the batteries at once to the front, for the purpose of engaging the enemy. This I did, and found on arriving at the front that the enemy were posted in front of Gettysburg, and engaging hotly what I afterward learned was General Rode's division. I immediately brought twelve guns infantry, taking them in flank as they were being massed upon Rodes' left and General Early's right. The batteries were very soon driven from the position and forced to retire, leaving one carriage disabled, which, however, they afterward succeeded in getting off. Our five was very effective upon their infantry, presenting as they did, large bodies in easy range of us. In this engagement, I had three guns temporarily disabled and one permanently so. One man of the Louisiana Guard Artillery was killed, and 1 of the Staunton Artillery wounded. For you better information, I have the honor herewith to inclose the reports of Captains Tanner and Green, of the operations of their batteries at Wrightsville, Hunterstown, South Mountain, and Williamsport.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

H. P. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel Commanding Artillery Battalion.

Lieutenant [S. V.]SOUTHALL, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

