
No. 479 Report of Captain C. A. Green, Louisiana Guard Artillery.

CAMP NEAR HAGERSTOWN, MD., July 8, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this company in the recent engagement near Gettysburg, Pa.:Leaving York on Tuesday morning [June 30], we arrived before the town of Gettysburg with General Early's division of Wednesday afternoon, and found the fight going on between the enemy and General Rodes' division. Were soon placed in position on the right of Captain Tanner's battery, of our battalion, and by your orders, opened fire on the enemy's infantry. Their batteries were soon brought up. The cannonade continued until our infantry were in position, a we were ordered to cease firing, the enemy being then in retreat and our infantry pursuing. I had four guns in the engagement (two 10-pounder Parrotts and two 3-inch Yankee rifles). Early in the action, one of the Parrot guns was disabled by a shot too large lodging half way down the bore, which we found impossible to force home, and had to retire the piece. During the engagement, one of the pieces of the enemy was abandoned in the field, but afterward carried off by them before our infantry reached it. My loss that day was 1 killed(Private [Louis]Tebault), and 2 horses disabled. Thursday evening, July 2, just before sunset, I was ordered to report with my section of Parrott guns to General Hampot, at Hunterstown, 3 miles distant. Arrived at dusk, and immediately engaged a battery attached to the enemy's cavalry out and occupied the town. The engagement lasted until dark, when we were ordered to retire. Fall back a mile, and took up another position, in which we remained until morning; then moved forward with General Hampton's cavalry through the town of Hunterstown, and, turning to the right, reached a position some 3 miles distant, from the left of our lines, where, with a brigade of General Stuart's cavalry, we encountered a large cavalry force of the enemy, with a battery of six pieces of artillery. The engagement commenced at 2 p. m. by the dismounted sharpshooters on both sides. My two guns were placed in position, and opened on their sharpshooters and a column of cavalry advancing. My shells exploded well, and seemed to have the desired effect on the enemy. Their guns now commenced a severe fire on my section, and the cavalry fight becoming general, I was ordered to cease firing and withdraw my pieces, but was again engaged during the afternoon. The enemy were driven back to their original position. We retained ours, and at dark retired to Huntertown. General Hampton was severely wounded by saber cuts in the head. Saturday evening, July 4, being m=nearly out of ammunition, and having only men enough to work one piece, I was ordered by Colonel [L. S.]Baker (the senior colonel of the brigade) to report to my battalion commander, which I did that night., On parting with him,

32 R R-VUL XXVII, PT II

