
Colonel Baker expressed himself pleased with the performance of my section while attached to his command. Below I make a list of killed and wounded in the engagements. *

Very respectfully,

C. A. GREEN,

Captain Louisiana Guard Artillery.

Lieutenant Colonel H. P. JONES.

Commanding Artillery Battalion.

No. 480. Report of Captain W. A. Tanner, Courtney (Virginia) Artillery. CAMP

NEAR LIBERTY MILLS, VA., August 4, 1863.

COLONEL: On the morning of June 27, according to orders, I reported to General [J. B.]Gordon, and, after marching 27 miles, encamped for the night. On the morning of the 28th, took up line of march (passing through York)to Wrightsville, and, after arriving within some 3 or 4 miles of said place, encountered and engaged the enemy, operating according to General Gordon's orders. Repulsed them, and pursued them through the town of Wirghtsville, capturing several prisoners. The brigade across the Susquehanna River having been burned by the enemy, I was ordered to encamp about half a mile from town. On the morning of the 29th, left Wrightsville; took up line of march, passing through York, and encamped about 2 miles from that place. On the 30th, I joined battalion, made a march, and encamped for the night. On July 1, took up line of march for Gettysburg, operating with General Early's division; engaged the enemy near said place, and repulsed them' made an advance, but without taking position, returned near our first or former position, and remained for the night turned near our first of former position, and remained for the night. On the morning of the 2d, was ordered to take same position that was occupied the day before, and there remained until 3 p. m., when I was ordered to report to General Smith. I did so, and there remained until the morning of the 3d, when the battalion was moved remained until night, when I was ordered to turn over to Captain Green what ammunition I had, and move my battery to where the punder Napoleon guns to the field park. There remained until the morning of the 4th, when I moved with the wagon train in the direction of Williamsport. After arriving at the intersection of the Emmitsburg pike and the Millerstown road, I took one of my pieces, with five rounds of ammunition, and proceeded to Montery Springs, to resists an attack from the enemy upon the wagon train, and there remained until about 8 p. m., when the enemy made their appearance. After firing 3 rounds of canister, I repulsed them, and fell back about 200 yards, and there remained until the enemy made the second advance, when I was ordered by General [William E.]Jones to change my position.

---------------

*Nominal list, omitted, shows 2 killed and 5 wounded.

---------------

