
again, and withdrew about 100 yards to the rear, where I occupied the third position, when the enemy flanked me both on my right and left, and I again canistered them, and retired (for the want of ammunition) in the direction of Williamsport, arriving there just after light on the morning of the 5th, when I was ordered in position by Colonel[George H.]Smith, and there remained until late in the evening, and was again ordered to proceed to the river, where I could get ammunition. After procuring it, I returned to my position on the right, and engage the enemy. I did so, and there remained until my supply of ammunition was exhausted, having my horse killed. In the meantime, my two other pieces were in position on the left of the Hagerstown road, and, after having exhausted the supply of ammunition I removed my battery (according to orders)near the river, and there remained during the night-also the day and night a wagon train to a camp upon the Hagerstown, road about 1 mile from Williamsport, and there remained until ordered to join the battalion at Hagerstown. The above is a correct statement of the operations of my battery after leaving the battalion to report to General Gordon's brigade until ordered to report after battle at Williamsport.

W. A. TANNER,

Captain, Commanding Battery, Jones Artillery Battalion.

Lieutenant Colonel H. P. JONES,

Commanding Artillery Battalion.

No. 481. Report of Major General Edward Johnson, C. S. Army, commanding division.

HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, August 18, 1863.

Major: In obedience to orders, headquarters Second Army Corps, August 13, 1863, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my division, from the time of leaving Fredericksburg for Winchester until it recrossed the Potomac:The division left camp near Hamilton's Crossing June 5, and moved in the direction of Winchester, crossing the Blue Ridge at Chester Gap. Nothing occured worthy of particular note during the march and excellent spirits. At daylight of the morning of the 13th ultimo[June], the division left its camp at Cederville, moving on the Winchester and Front Royal turnpike. The enemy's pickets were discovered 4 miles from the town, about 12m. The Second Virginia Regiment Colonel [J. Q. A]Nadenbousch commanding, was detached from the Stonewall Brigade, and deployed as skirmishers to the left of the road. This regiment advance handsomely, driving the enemy to a stone fence near the junction of the Millwood and Front Royal roads, behind which they made a stand. After a sharp skirmish, they were driven from this position.

