
At this juncture, they advanced a battery to an eminence on the right of the road, and opened fire upon our skirmishers and the woods in the vicinity. Carpenter's battery, Lieutenant[William T.]Lambie commanding, under the direction of Lieutenant-Colonel [R. S.]Andrews, was put in position on the left of the road and behind a stone fence, from which it opened an accurate fire upon the enemy's battery and supporting infantry, the effect of which was to explode a limber, killing 3 men and a number of horses, and put the enemy to precipitate flight upon the town. The Stonewall and Steuart's brigades were formed in line of battle in a ravine to the right of the road, out of sight and range of the enemy's guns; J. M. Jones' and Nicholl's brigades to the left, in a road were advanced under cover of woods to a position nearer the town, where they remained until the following morning. When General Early advanced on the left, a body of the enemy's infantry, retreating, became exposed to view, and were fired upon by two rifled guns of Carpenter's with good effect, greatly accelerating their speed. This attracted the fire from the fortifications north of the town upon the battery and such portions of the infantry as were necessarily exposed, which was maintained in a desultory manner until nightfall. The casualties in my command during the day's operation were happily, few-2 men killed and 3 horses disabled. The following day (14th)was occupied in engaging the enemy's attention upon the right, while Early was putting his command in position upon the left, for the main attack upon the fortifications. For this purpose, the Stonewall Brigade, Brig. General J. A. Walker commanding, was moved across the Milwood pike to a range of hills east of and fronting the town and between in rear and within supporting distance of Walker. The Fifth Virginia Regiment, Lieutenant Colonel H. J. Williams commanding, was thrown forward as skirmishers, encountering the enemy of the crest of the hills above mentioned sheltered by houses and fences, they kept up a brisk and continual fire upon our line, which occupied the stone fence at the western base of the hills and within easy musket-range. About 4 p. m. the enemy advanced a considerable force against the right of our line of skirmishers, compelling if to fall back, and capturing 10 men. Lieutenant-Colonel Williams, Fifth Virginia, who had commanded the skirmish line during the day with conspicuous gallantry was severely wounded in this engagement. The reserve of the skirmishers was immediately ordered forward, and succeeded in driving the enemy back and recovering their former line. The only casualties during the day occurred in the Fifth Virginia, the only regiment engaged -3 killed, 16 wounded, and 10 missing. About nightfall, I received an order from the lieutenant-general commanding to move by the right flank with three of my brigades and a portion of my artillery to a point on the Martinsburg turnpike, 2. 1/2 miles north of Winchester, with the double purpose, I supposed, of intercepting the enemy's retreat and attacking him in his fortifications from that direction. Steuart's and Nicholls' brigades, with Dement's and portions of Raine's and Carpenter's batteries, under Lieutenant-Colonel Andrews, were immediately put in motion, and

