
Brigadier-General Walker, whose line was nearest the enemy, was ordered to follow, after having advanced his skirmishers to the town to conceal the movement and ascertain the position of the enemy. J. M. Jones'brigade and the remainder of Andrews'battalion, under Major [J. W.] Latimer, were left in reserve, and for the purpose of preventing the enemy's escape by the road we had advanced. After moving some distance on the Berryville road, I was informed by my guide that I would be obliged to cross fields over a rough country in order to carry out literally the directions of the lieutenant-general; and, moreover, that near Stephenson's 5 miles north of Winchester, there was a railroad cut masked by a body of woods, and not more than 200 yards from the turnpike [along which the enemy would certainly retreat], which would afford excellent shelter for troops in case of an engagement. The night was very dark, and, being satisfied that the enemy would discover the movement and probably escape if I moved to the point indicated by the lieutenant-general, I determined to march to Stephenson's by the road which led by Jordan Springs. Halting the head of the column at a small bridge which crosses the Winchester and Potomac Railroad a few hundred yards from the Martinsburg pike, I rode forward with my staff and sharpshooters to reconnoiter the position and assure myself of the whereabouts of the enemy. I had gone but a short distance when I distinctly heard the neighing of horses and sound of men moving, and in a few moments ascertained that I had opportunely struck the head of the enemy's retreating column. Their viduities fired upon us, and I returned to my command to make the necessary dispositions for an instant attack. Along the edge of the railroad cut, next to the pike, ran a stone fence, behind which I deployed the three regiments of Steuart's brigade {Tenth Virginia and First and Third North Carolina Regiments on the right, and three regiments of Nicholls' brigade, under Colonel J. M. Williams, on the left. One piece of Dement's battery was placed upon the bridge, one piece a little to the left and rear, the remaining pieces, with sections of Raine's and Carpenter's batteries, the whole under the direction of Lieutenant-Colonel Andrews, on the rising ground in rear of the position occupied by the infantry. Two regiments of Nicholls' brigade were held in reserve as support to the artillery. My dispositions were scarcely completed when the enemy, cheering, charged with his whole force the front of my position, driving in the skirmishers and delivering heavy volleys. My infantry and artillery fired with such rapidity and effect as to repulse them with considerable loss. At longer range the enemy maintained a heavy fire upon us, until, convinced that nothing could be effected by a front attack, he detached heavy flanking parties of cavalry and infantry to the right and left, whether for the purpose of breaking our lines and effecting his escape, or driving us out of the railroad cut, is not known; still, however, keeping a vigorous attack in front. My infantry had expended all but one round of ammunition; the ordnance wagons were 7 miles in rear. The situation was exceedingly critical, and nothing could have been more timely than the arrival of the Stonewall Brigade. Owing to a misconception of orders, for which Brigadier-General Walker was not in the slightest degree responsible, his brigade did not leave its former position until 12 o'clock of the previous night. He was a mile from Stephenson's when the engagement began. Hurry-

