
ing up his brigade, he arrived upon the ground just in time to meet the flanking party to the right. He pressed them hotly through the woods, beyond the turnpike, and into a woods a half mile to the right of the Carter House, where they surrendered as prisoners of war, the cavalry alone escaping. The flanking party [about 300 cavalry and 600 infantry] which moved to the left, under the immediate command of Major-General Milroy [as was ascertained afterward from prisoners and citizens on the route of his escape], was met by two regiments of Nicholls' brigade [the Second and Tenth Louisiana]. Raine's battery was faced to the left, and played upon them with fine effect, while sections from Dement's and Carpenter's batteries were hurried down the road to intercept their retreat. The two Louisiana regiments above named moved parallel with the enemy's line, a ridge intervening, until they reached a level space, when they opened a destructive fire upon them, killing a considerable number, and with the aid of the artillery, scattering them in every direction. Most of them were captured by these two regiments. The person supposed to be Milroy [riding a fine white horse], with most of his cavalry, after a vigorous pursuit, unfortunately escaped. The substantial results of the engagement were from 2, 300 to 2, 500 prisoners and about 175 horses, with arms and equipments in proportion, Steuart's brigade capturing about 900, the Stonewall Brigade about 900, and Nicholl's brigade the remainder. Eleven stand of colors were captured, of which the Stonewall Brigade captured six, Steuart's brigade four, and the Louisiana one. For particulars as to the numbers captured and the individual instances of gallantry, I have the honor to refer you to the accompanying reports of the brigade and regimental commanders. It will be observed that my force, until the timely arrival of the Stonewall Brigade, did not amount to more than 1, 200 muskets, with a portion of Andrews' battalion, J. M. Jones' brigade and two regiments [the Twenty-third and Thirty'seventh Virginia] of Steuart's brigade, a portion of the artillery having been left in the rear on the Front Royal road. The number of prisoners considerably exceeded the whole number engaged on our side, including the Stonewall Brigade. Before closing this report, I beg leave to state that I have never seen superior artillery practice to that of Andrews' battalion in this engagement, and especially the section under Lieutenant [C. S.] Contee [Dement's battery], one gun of which was placed on the bridge above referred to, and the other a little to the left and rear. Both pieces were very much exposed during the whole action. Four successive attempts were made to carry the bridge. Two sets of cannoneers [13 out of 16] were killed and disabled. Lieutenant-Colonel Andrews and Lieutenant Contee, whose gallantry calls for special mention, fell wounded at this point. Lieutenant John A. Morgan, First North Carolina Regiment, and Lieutenant Randolph H. McKim, took the place of the disabled cannoneers, rendering valuable assistance, deserving special mention. I feel much indebted to Majors B. W. Leigh, H. K. Douglas, and E. L. Moore, of my staff, for their gallantry and efficiency on the field and in the pursuit of the enemy; to Surg. R. T. Coleman, for correcting a misapprehension of orders on the part of my engineer officers, thereby expediting the march of General Walker, who found me most opportunely.

