
In the meantime, a demonstration in force was made upon my left and rear. The Second Virginia Regiment, Stonewall Brigade, and Smith's brigade, of Early's division, were disposed to meet and check it, which was accomplished to my entire satisfaction. No further assault was made; all had been done that if was possible to do. I held my original position until 10 o'clock of the night of the 3d, when, in accordance with orders, I withdrew to the hill north and west of Gettysburg, where we remained until the following day, in the hope that the enemy would give us battle on ground of our own selection. My loss in this terrible battle was heavy, including some of the most valuable officers of the command. Major J. W. Latimer, of Andrews' battalion, the "boy major, " whose chivalrous bearing on so many fields had won for him a reputation to be envied by his seniors, received a severe wound on the evening of the 2d, from the effects of which he has since died. Major B. W. Leigh, my chief of staff, whose conscientious discharge of duty, superior attainments, and noble bearing made him invaluable to me, was killed within a short distance of the enemy's line. Major H. K. Douglas, assistant adjutant-general, was severely wounded while in the discharge of his duties, and is still a prisoner. My orderly, W. H. Webb, remained with me after being severely wounded. His conduct entitles him to a commission. Fewer wounded from my division were left in the hands of the enemy than from any other division of the army; for which I am indebted to the active exertions of Chief Surg. R. T. Coleman. Mr. E. J. Martin, my volunteer aide-de-camp, rendered valuable service by his prompt transmission of orders, and Major E. L. Moore faithfully performed his duties as assistant inspector-general. The troops are much indebted to Majors T. E. Ballard and G. H. Kyle, of the commissary department, for supplies during the trying period covered by this report. Cattle and flour were frequently procured within the enemy's lines. All of the officers and men of the division who came under my observation during their three days' exposure to the enemy's incessant fire of musketry and artillery from the front and artillery from the left and rear behaved as brave men. For particular instances of gallantry, I have the honor to refer you to the reports of brigade and regimental commanders, herewith transmitted. I take pleasure in bearing testimony to the gallantry of Brigadier-General Daniel and Colonel O'Neal, and to Brigadier-General [William] Smith, and their brigades, while under my command. We marched on the 5th across the mountain, by Waynesborough, toward Hagerstown, and remained for a few days within 3 miles of the latter place. Thence the division moved 2 1/2 miles from Hagerstown, and formed line of battle on both sides of and perpendicular to the Hagerstown, and formed line of battle on both sides of and perpendicular to the Hagerstown and Williamsport pike. On the night of the 13th, I recrossed the Potomac 1 mile above Williamsport, and continued the march next day to within 4 miles of Martinsburg; thence to Darkesville on the 15th, where we remained until ordered to return to Martinsburg, to destroy the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and repel and advance of the enemy. This done, the division by steady marches recrossed the Blue Ridge at Front Royal, and went into camp near Orange Court-House about August l.

