
tion of the Tenth Virginia was all expended but one round, held in reserve, and that the other two regiments of my brigade had only a few rounds left; also, that the ordnance wagons were behind, and, after sending repeatedly, I found it impossible to get more ammunition. Several attempts were made by the enemy to carry the bridge, and almost all the cannoneers of the piece placed there were killed or wounded. The gallant Lieutenant Contee was also wounded; and I must here mention the gallant conduct of Lieutenant John A. Morgan, First North Carolina Regiment, who, with Private [B. W.] Owens, of the Maryland artillery, and some occasional assistance, manned the piece most effectively, driving the enemy back from the bridge at a most critical moment, as the regiments near, from want of ammunition, were unable to render any assistance. Up to this time my brigade [with assistance from the artillery], had alone sustained the attack upon the front and right. Brigadier-General Walker now came up on my right with two regiments of his brigade [Stonewall], and rapidly advanced in line of battle through the woods toward the turnpike. The major-general commanding being engaged in a different part of the field, I directed two regiments of Nicholls' brigade to cross the bridge and attack the enemy's rear, which was passing. At the same time, General Walker was pressing them on their right, and, thus hemmed in, they gave way, and many were taken prisoners, about 1, 000 by my brigade and the remainder by General Walker. Four stand of colors were taken by my brigade; also about 175 horses. I am glad to say that my loss was small [only 9 killed and 34 wounded], though I regret to mention among the killed Captain J. S. R. Miller, a gallant and meritorious officer of the First North Carolina Regiment. I cannot speak in terms too high of the manner in which all the officers and men conducted themselves, every one doing all in his power to accomplish the end in view. Captain G. G. Garrison, assistant adjutant-general, and First Lieutenant R. H. McKim, my aide-de-camp, rendered valuable assistance, the latter occasionally serving at the piece on the bridge.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. STEUART,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major B. W. LEIGH, Asst. Adjt. General, Johnson's Division.

ADDENDA.

List of Casualties in Steuart's brigade, Johnson's division, Second Army Corps.

Killed Wounded

COMMAND	Officers	 Men	Officers	Men

10th Regiment Virginia	 ---	 ---	 ---	 6

Infantry

1st Regiment North	 1	 4	 ---	 14

Carolina Infantry

3rd Regiment North	 ---	 4	 2	 12

Carolina Infantry

TOTAL	 1	 8	 2	 32

GEO. H. STEUART,

Brigadier-General.

HEADQUARTERS STEUART'S BRIGADE, June 18, 1863.

