
gerously wounded; Lieutenant R. H. Lyon, Company H, Third North Carolina; Lieutenant R. P. Jennings, Company E. Twenty-third Virginia; Sergt. Thomas J. Betterton, Company A, Thirty-seventh Virginia, who took a stand of colors and was severely wounded. To the officers serving on my staff-Captain George Williamson, assistant adjutant-general, and First Lieutenant R. H. McKim, aide-de-camp, whose duties kept them constantly with the brigade; Major George H. Kyle, commissary of subsistence Maryland troops, who was always with me when his other duties would allow, and Mr. John H. Boyle, volunteer aide-I am greatly indebted for valuable assistance rendered, and of whose gallant bearing I cannot too highly make mention.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. STEUART,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain R. W. HUNTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Johnson's Division.

Numbers 483. Reports of Colonel J. M. Williams, Second Louisiana Infantry, commanding Nicholls' brigade.

HEADQUARTERS NICHOLLS' BRIGADE, June 16, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of Nicholls brigade in the battle of [Winchester], on June 15: On the 14th instant, at 8 o'clock, the brigade was ordered to move to a point designated by the commanding general on the Martinsburg pike, 3 1/2 miles from Winchester, and to join General Steuart's brigade, then moving to the same point. The brigade joined General Steuart on the Charlestown road, about 5 miles from the battle-field. When General Steuart's brigade reached the bridge over the Potomac Railroad, the enemy fired into them, and I immediately formed the brigade in line of battle parallel to the Martinsburg pike, and on the left and perpendicular to the Charlestown road, and at the same time ordered the Fourteenth Louisiana Regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Zable commanding, to take the same line, on the right of the Charlestown road, near the railroad. Riding then to the front, I observed that the line of the enemy, which was moving on the pike, was changing direction so as to flank my left. To meet this movement of the enemy, I ordered the Second Louisiana, Lieutenant-Colonel {R. E. Burke, and the Tenth Louisiana, Major Powell, to change front, and move perpendicularly to the Martinsburg pike, and attack the flanking force. These regiments, having met the enemy, moved by the left flank on parallel line with the enemy's line until he had discovered about 1, 000 of his men; then opened fire on his line, which was still moving by flank. These regiments, after engaging the enemy with great success, were moved off by the commanding general, who did them the honor of directing their further action in person. This detachment {Second and Tenth Louisiana Regiments captured about 1, 000 prisoners, and the Second Louisiana captured a stand of colors from the Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania.

