
The First Louisiana, Captain Willett, and Fifteenth Louisiana, Major Brady, were held in reserve during the first part of the engagement, and were afterward moved to different positions as the circumstances seemed in my judgment to necessitate, but were not actively engaged in the battle. The officers and men, without exception, behaved with much coolness and determined bravery. I would call particular attention to Captain Alexander Boarman, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Joseph Taylor, acting aide-de-camp, who behaved with much courage, gallantry, and efficiency, and greatly assisted me in the engagement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[J. M. WILLIAMS,]

Colonel, Commanding Nicholls' Brigade.

Major B. W. LEIGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP OF NICHOLLS' BRIGADE, August 28, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of Nicholls' brigade at the battle of Gettysburg, Pa., on July 1, 2, and 3: On July 1, at about 7 o'clock, while marching on the Cashtown road and toward Gettysburg, the brigade, being in front, was ordered by the major-general commanding to move to the east of Gettysburg, along the railroad, about three-quarters of a mile from town, and there, by his direction, was placed in line of battle on the extreme right of the division, about 600 yards from and perpendicular to the railroad. Here, having formed the line with the division, the brigade remained until 7 p. m. of July 2, when, after changing position to the left of Jones' brigade, it was ordered forward in line of battle toward the heights in front, about three-quarters of a mile. The brigade engaged the enemy near the base of these heights, and, having quickly driven his front line into the intrenchments on their crest, continued forward until it reached a line about 100 yards from the enemy's works, when it again engaged him with an almost incessant fire for four hours, pending which several attempts to carry the works by assault, being entirely unsupported on the right [Jones' brigade having failed to hold its line on the right], were attended with more loss than success. The command remained in this position during the night, and at early light opened on the enemy again, and continued to engage him for four hours almost without cessation, and at intervals until 12 m., when the major-general commanding ordered the brigade to take position near the ravine or creek, about 300 yards from the line held during the night, where the command remained until about 3 a. m. of July 4, when, under the direction of the major-general commanding, it was marched to the rear of Gettysburg.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. M. WILLIAMS,

Colonel, Commanding Nicholl's Brigade.

Major R. W. HUNTER, Acting

Assistant Adjutant-General.

33 R R - VOL XXVII, PT II

