
Numbers 484. Report of Captain E. D. Willett, First Louisiana Infantry, of engagement at Winchester.

CAMP NEAR WINCHESTER, June 15, 1863.

Report of the action and participation of the First Louisiana Regiment in the battle of Winchester, June 15: After marching all night, the regiment was formed into line of battle to the left of the Charlestown road, as a support to the Second, Tenth, Fourteenth, and Fifteenth Louisiana Regiments, but was soon after wheeled to the left, and advanced about 200 yards, to repel and attack upon the flank. Observing the enemy to be moving to our left, the regiment was moved by the left flank in a parallel line with them, and at a distance of 150 or 200 yards. We were then marched back to our original position, which was on the right of the Fourteenth Louisiana Regiment.

Our loss sustained is 1 private wounded slightly.

E. D. WILLETT,

Captain, Commanding First Louisiana.

Numbers 485. Report of Major Thomas N. Powell, Tenth Louisiana Infantry, of engagement at Winchester.

CAMP IN FIELD, June 15, 1863.

After marching all night, the regiment was formed into line of battle to the left of the Charlestown road, as a support to the First, Second, and Fifteenth Louisiana Regiments, but was soon after wheeled to the left, and advanced about 200 yards, to repel an attack upon the flank. Observing the enemy to be moving to our left and rear, the regiment was moved by the left flank in a parallel line with them and at a distance varying from 150 to 200 yards. In this manner we moved about a half mile, when we fired upon and charged the enemy, completely routing him, and capturing two stand of his colors and a large number of prisoners.

After pursuing him for about 2 miles, the regiment returned to its original position, and went into camp.

THOS. N. POWELL,

Major, Commanding Tenth Louisiana Regiment.

Numbers 486. Report of Lieutenant Colonel D. Zable, Fourteenth Louisiana Infantry, of engagement at Winchester. JUNE 15, 1863.

SIR: On the morning of the 15th, we arrived near the crossing of the Charlestown road and Martinsburg pike. We formed in line of battle in the woods on the right of the Charlestown road. Having

