
only one-half of my regiment, the left wing being detailed to protect the artillery, we remained in line of battle under a very heavy fire of musketry from the enemy until ordered to proceed down the Charlestown road, where we deployed as skirmishers in the woods on the right of the road, capturing many prisoners. During this time the left wing, commanded by Captain J. W. T. Leech, was also skirmishing in the woods on the right of the same road, capturing some 300 or 400 prisoners of the Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania Regiment. We proceeded in this way, skirmishing, until ordered by General Johnson to rejoin our brigade. We lost none; only 1 man very slightly wounded. He since returned to duty. By order:

D. ZABLE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

J. FENNELLY, Assistant-General.

Numbers 487. Report of Major A. Brady, Fifteenth Louisiana Infantry, of engagement at Winchester.

NEAR WINCHESTER, June 16, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, in regard to the part taken in the action of yesterday by this regiment, I have the honor to report the following: This regiment was formed, in connection with the First Louisiana Regiment, in line behind a battery of artillery. Was short time afterward ordered to proceed to the assistance of the Second and Tenth Louisiana Regiments, which was done. Arriving in the rear of the above-named regiments, I was ordered back to take our original position; was then ordered by General Steuart to take a flank position on the right, which was accordingly done. This embraces all that is worthy of notice. Our loss was 1 man, of Captain [H. J.] Egan's company [B, killed. The officers and men behaved with their usual enthusiasm and gallantry whenever confronted with the enemy. I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BRADY,

Major, Commanding.

Captain ALEX. BOARMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 488. Reports of Brigadier General James A. Walker, C. S. Army, Commanding brigade.

HEADQUARTERS STONEWALL BRIGADE, Camp near Chambersburg, June 25, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Stonewall Brigade around Winchester and Jordan Springs on the 13th, 14th, and 15th instant: At daylight on Saturday morning, the 13th, the brigade moved

