
from its camp near Cedarville in the direction of Winchester, on the Front Royal and Winchester turnpike. About noon, when 3 miles from Winchester, the Second Virginia Regiment, Colonel Nadenbousch commanding, was detached from my command, and deployed on the left of the road as skirmishers. For report of operations of that regiment during the remainder of that day, see report of Colonel Nadenbousch, inclosed. The remainder of the brigade was formed in line of battle on the right of the turnpike, out of sight and out of range of the enemy's guns. After remaining in this position for half an hour, I received orders to move by the left flank, under cover of a ravine, and occupy a wood a few hundred yards in our front, which was done. After occupying that position for a short while, I again received orders to move to another wood on our left and nearer Winchester, which was also done, and we remained in that position during the remainder of the day and that night. That portion of the brigade under my command did not fire a single gun during these operations, and did not suffer a single casualty, although we were in range of the enemy's fire during a considerable portion of the time. After nightfall, the Second Regiment rejoined the command. Early on the morning of the 14th, I was ordered by the major-general commanding the division to move across the Millwood pike, and to advance between the Millwood and Berryville pikes until I occupied the hills to the east of and fronting the town of Winchester. Moving by the right flank, under cover of the hills, until the command reached a position opposite the point it was ordered to occupy, the Fifth Regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel [H. J.] Williams commanding, was deployed as skirmishers, and advanced in the direction of the town as rapidly as possible, the remainder of the brigade following about 300 yards in rear. My skirmishers encountered the enemy's skirmishers on the crest of the hills, and drove them back to the edge of the town, where they remained during the remainder of the day under shelter of the houses and fences, and keeping up a continual and brisk fire upon our skirmishers, who occupied the stone fence at the western base of the hills, within easy musket-range of their position. A continuous and brisk skirmish between the two lines was kept up until dark, and the Fifth Regiment lost during the day 3 men killed, 16 wounded, and 10 missing. About 4 o'clock in the afternoon, the enemy advanced a considerable body of men against the right of the line of skirmishers, compelling it to fall back, and capturing 10 prisoners. At this time, Lieutenant-Colonel Williams, who had commanded the regiment during the day with activity, coolness, and courage, was wounded by a musket-ball through the thigh, and the command of the regiment devolved on Major [J. W.] Newton. The Eighteenth Connecticut Regiment was deployed in front of our skirmishers, and from the testimony of some of its officers captured by this brigade the next day, I was highly gratified at the efficiency and accuracy of the fire of my skirmishers. During the day, the rest of the brigade occupied a position in rear of the hills, under cover of a ravine, and lost not a single man either killed or wounded. After dark, I received and order from Lieutenant Oscar Hinrichs, of Major-General Johnson's staff, to move forward, with the further direction to push my skirmishers into and through the town, if practicable.

