
While preparing to obey this order, Dr. [R. T.] Coleman, medical director for the division, came up, and informed me that the rest of the division was moving on the Berryville turnpike, and that it was intended my command should follow. I immediately sent Lieutenant [R. W.] Hunter, of my staff, to find Major-General Johnson, and ascertain what I was expected to do. While he was gone, I ordered the left of my skirmishers to advance into Winchester, and learn whether the enemy still held the place. They advanced into the town, and reported that the enemy had left, and retired to their fortifications soon after dark. About 11 o'clock, Lieutenant Hunter returned, having found the major-general commanding, who directed me to follow the rest of the division on the Berryville road. Calling in my skirmishers as quickly as possible, I moved by the Berryville pike and Jordan Springs, and was within a mile of Stephenson's Depot at dawn, when heavy firing in that direction announced that the brigades in our front were engaging the enemy. Hurrying up the command as rapidly as possible, we reached the scene of action just as a portion of the enemy's forces were endeavoring to make their escape in the direction of Jordan Springs. I ordered the Fourth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Regiments, which were in rear of the column, to face to the left, and advanced in line of battle in the direction of the enemy's column, to cut off its retreat. The Second and Fifth Regiments were moved forward, and formed in line of battle on the right of the road and on the right flank of General Steuart's brigade. At this juncture, Captain [H. K.] Douglas, of Major-General Johnson's staff, informed me that the whole of my command was needed on the right. I directed Captain [Lieutenant C. S.] Arnall, of my staff, to recall the Fourth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Regiments from the left, and bring them to the support of the Second and Fifth, on the right. Advancing at once with the Second and Fifth Regiments through the fields on the right of the woods in which General Steuart's brigade was posted, we crossed the railroad, and reached the turnpike without encountering the enemy. The smoke and fog was so dense that we could only see a few steps in front, and when, on reaching the Martinsburg turnpike, I saw a body of men about 50 yards to the west of that road, moving by the flank in the direction of Martinsburg, it was with difficulty I could determine whether they were friends or foes, as they made no hostile demonstrations, and refused to say to what brigade they belonged. Being satisfied at last that it was a retreating column of the enemy, I ordered the command to fire. The enemy gave way, and retreated back from the pike in disorder at the first fire, returning only a straggling and inaccurate fire. Pressing them back rapidly to the woods west of the road, they made no stand, but hoisted a white flag, and surrendered to the two regiments before the other came up. Total number of prisoners taken by the brigade at this point amounted to 713 non-commissioned officers and privates, and 83 commissioned officers, 6 stand of colors, and arms, accouterments, &amp; etc., corresponding to the number of prisoners taken. Among the prisoners was Colonel [William G.] Ely, of the Eighteenth Connecticut, commanding the brigade; Colonel [William T.] Wilson, One hundred and twenty-third Ohio; Lieutenant-Colonel [Monroe] Nichols, Eighteenth Connecticut; Lieutenant-Colonel-, Twelfth [West] Virginia, and two or three other field officers. The prisoners cap-

