
tured represented the following regiments: Eighteenth Connecticut, One hundred and twenty-third Ohio, Fifth Maryland, Twelfth [West] Virginia, and Seventy-sixth [Eighty-seventh] Pennsylvania. Total casualties of the brigade on this day were 3 wounded. During the entire operations detailed above, the officers and men of the command behaved to my entire satisfaction, and not a single instance of misbehavior came under my observation. To my personal staff - Lieutenants [F. c.] Cox, Hunter, and Arnall - I am indebted for their prompt and ready assistance during the three days' operations.

I have, major, the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. WALKER,

Brigadier-General.

Major B. W. LEIGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Johnson's Division.

HEADQUARTERS STONEWALL BRIGADE, August 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to circular from division headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Stonewall Brigade at the battle of Gettysburg, and subsequently until it recrossed the Potomac: On the evening of July 1, the brigade, with the rest of the division, arrived at Gettysburg, Pa., and after nightfall took position on the southeast side of the town, near the Hanover road, and on the extreme left of our line, on Culp's farm, and, throwing forward skirmishers, we remained for the night. At dawn the next morning, the enemy's skirmishers were seen in our front, and a brisk fire was opened between them and my own, which was kept up during the day at long range, with but short intervals of quiet. About 6 p. m. our line was advanced in a northerly direction, and took position immediately on the north side of the Hanover road. In this position, our left flank being harassed by the enemy's sharpshooters, posted in a wheat-field and wood, I ordered Colonel Nadenbousch with his regiment [the Second Virginia] to clear the field, and advance into the wood, and ascertain, if possible, what force the enemy had at that point, which he did at a single dash, his men advancing with great spirit, driving the enemy's skirmishers out of the clear ground and following them into the woods. When he had advanced some distance into the woods, the enemy opened on his line with two pieces of artillery, and he fell back into the clear ground again, leaving skirmishers in the edge of the wood, and reported that the enemy had a large force of cavalry [supposed to be two brigades], two regiments of infantry, and a battery of artillery. This information I communicated through a staff officer to Major-General Johnson, and immediately thereafter received information from Major [H. K.] Douglas, of his staff, that the line was about to advance, with instructions from General Johnson to remain on the flank, if I thought it necessary. As our flank and rear would have been entirely uncovered and unprotected in the event of my moving with the rest of the division, and as our movement must have been made in full view of the enemy.

