
I deemed it prudent to hold my position until after dark, which I did. After dark, I withdrew, and leaving a picket on the Hanover road, joined the rest of the division in rear of the enemy's breastworks, which they had driven them from the evening before. At daylight next morning [3d], Steuart's brigade, which was immediately in my front, became hotly engaged, and, on receiving a request from General Steuart, I moved up to his support, and became warmly engaged along my whole line, and my right, extending beyond the breastworks, suffered very heavily. After five hours' incessant firing, being unable to drive the enemy from his strong position, and a brigade of Rodes' division coming to our assistance, I drew my command back under the hill out of the fire, to give them an opportunity to rest and clean their guns and fill up their cartridge-boxes. In about an hour, I was ordered by General Johnson to move more to the right, and renew the attack, which was done with equally bad success as our former efforts, and the fire became so destructive that I suffered the brigade to fall back to a more secure position, as it was a useless sacrifice of life to keep them longer under so galling a fire. An hour or two later, I was again ordered to advance, so as to keep the enemy in check, which I did, sheltering my men and keeping up a desultory fire until dark. About midnight, we were drawn off with the rest of the division, and at daylight were again formed in line of battle on the heights south of Gettysburg, where we remained all day and until about 11 o'clock, when we marched with the division in the direction of Fairfield. The subsequent operations of this brigade up to the crossing of the Potomac having been altogether with the division and under the eye of the major-general, I do not deem any report necessary. It affords me pleasure to say that the officers and men of the brigade behaved in a manner worthy their high reputation. It may seem individious to select any particular officer for commendation, but justice requires that I would especially notice the gallant and efficient conduct of

Major William Terry, commanding the Fourth Virginia Regiment, who gallantly led his regiment almost to the breastworks of the enemy, and only retired after losing three-fourths of his command.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

J. A. WALKER,

Brigadier-General.

Captain [R. W.] HUNTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 489. Reports of Colonel J. Q. A. Nadenbousch, Second Virginia Infantry.

CAMP NEAR SHARPSBURG, Md., June 19, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, asking a report of the participation of the Second Regiment in the recent battles around Winchester, I have the honor to make the following report:

