
[Note. -My telegraph operator at Winchester had just commenced receiving a cipher dispatch on Saturday, the 13th, when the wire was cut between that and Martinsburg by the rebels, and nothing could be made of what was received. I have since learned from General Schenck that dispatch was an order to me to fall back immediately to Harper's Ferry.

R. H. Milroy,

Major-General.]

[Telegram referred to in General Milroy's report.]

War Department, Washington, April 30, 1863-11 a. m.

Major-General Schenck, Baltimore Md.:

If you want more troops in the west and at Harper's Ferry, why do you leave so large a force at Winchester? As I have often repeated to you verbally and in writing, that is no place to fight a battle. It is merely an outpost, which should not be exposed to an attack in force.

H. W. Halleck,

General-in-Chief.

[Indorsement.]

Hdqrs. Middle Department,

Eighth Army Corps, Baltimore, July 8, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to the General-in-Chief, in obedience to instructions form the War Department. When Major-General Milroy was relieved at Bloody Run, and sent by Major-General Couch to report here on the 27th June ultimo, I placed him in arrest. Eight days having elapsed without charges being sent to be served on him, his arrest expired by limitation of law on the 5th instant, since which he has made his report. He was deprived of all command at Harper's Ferry immediately, in pursuance of the order of the General-in-Chief on the 15th of June ultimo. If it be not the purpose of the Secretary of War or the General-in-Chief to take further measures in General Milroy's case, I respectfully request that he be ordered back to the command of those of his troops which were assembled at Bloody Run, and which are now operating, I believe, somewhere in the rear of the rebel army. I really do not think that anybody else can so efficiently bring together and manage those fragments of his division, and have them ready for reuniting with the other scattered parts of brigades, regiments, and companies when the present immediate movement against the enemy are over.

Robt. C. Schenck,

Major-General.

