
On the morning of June 13, the regiment took up the line of march from camp, on road 5 miles north of Front Royal road, advancing on Island Ford Mills road toward Winchester. On arriving within 9 miles of Winchester, the Second Regiment was put in the advance. After moving forward to within some 4 miles of Winchester, we encountered the enemy's pickets, which we continued to drive before us until they arrived near the junction of the Millwood pike and Front Royal road. Here they were posted behind a stone fence. I continued to press them sharply with my skirmishers, and soon drove them from their position. At this juncture, the enemy moved forward a battery, and put it in position in our front, and opened fire on my skirmishers, shelling promiscuously the surrounding locality. General Johnson being fully apprised of the condition of affairs in front, Carpenter's battery, of four guns, Lieutenant [W. T. Lambie commanding [under the direction of Lieutenant-Colonel Andrews], was at once brought to the front and put in position, supported by the remainder of my regiment. This battery opened a brisk fire on the enemy, soon driving their battery from position, and his supporting infantry fled precipitately. After advancing my skirmish line to the Millwood pike, my regiment remained in this position during the day, the men being exposed to a severe fire of shot and shell from the enemy's guns on the heights around Winchester. About 9 p. m. the regiment rejoined the brigade, in line of battle on the right of the road. On the morning of the 14th instant, the regiment, with the remainder of the brigade, moved forward, and, after some changes, took position immediately southeast of the town of Winchester, where we remained during the day. About 1 a. m. 15th instant, the Second, with the other regiments of the brigade, took up the line of march through fields in the direction of Berryville. On arriving near Shannondale Springs, we changed direction northwestward, in direction of Stephenson's Depot, arriving near said depot, where the enemy were being heavily engaged by the forces which preceded us. My regiment took position immediately on the right of the county road, and at once advanced in line of battle on reaching near the Martinsburg pike. At this point my regiment encountered the enemy, and opened a brisk fire upon them. They soon fled. We continued to press them for several hundred yards in a northwesterly direction, when they hoisted a truce flag, and surrendered. At this point I halted my regiment, and joined in receiving the enemy [Colonel W. G. Ely's brigade] as prisoners, consisting of parts of Fifth Maryland, Twelfth [West] Virginia, Eighteenth Connecticut, Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania, One hundred and twenty-second and One hundred and twenty-third Ohio Regiments, together with their arms, accouterments, a number of horses, and 6 stand of colors. After securing prisoners, &amp;tc., the regiment took position at Camp Stephenson, where we remained during the day. During these engagements, I had 1 lieutenant and 4 men slightly wounded, only 2 of whom had to leave the ranks. It gives me pleasure to say during this entire time both the officers and men of my regiment behaved themselves as is becoming soldiers.

Very respectfully submitted.

J. Q. A. NADENBOUSCH,

Colonel Second Regiment Virginia Infantry.

Lieutenant C. S. ARNALL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

