
CAMP ON ROAD, NEAR ROBERTSON RIVER, VA., July 30, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to make to you the following report of the participation of the Second Regiment Virginia Infantry in the battle near Gettysburg, Pa., on July 1, 2, and 3: On the evening of July 1, the Second, with the other regiments of the brigade, arrived at Gettysburg, Pa. During the night of the 1st instant, we took position on the southeast side of the town of Gettysburg, near the Hanover road, and on the extreme left of our line, on Culp's farm, and, throwing forward skirmishers, we remained for the night. At dawn, a brisk skirmish commenced with our skirmishers and those of the enemy, which has kept up during the day, with but short intervals. About 6 p. m. our line was advanced in a northerly direction, and took position immediately on the north side of the Hanover road. Our skirmishers being much harassed and forced back by the enemy on our left, I was ordered by

Brigadier-General Walker to take my regiment and clear the front, which I at once did, having a sharp skirmish with the enemy, but soon drove him from our front for some distance, killing, wounding, and taking some few prisoners. Here I had some 3 men wounded. Both officers and men behaved well. At 8 p. m. I rejoined the brigade with my regiment, when we marched, and, halting near Rock Creek, we remained until about 2 a. m. 3rd instant, when we marched, crossing to the north bank of Rock Creek, and took position at the base of Culp's Hill, on the left of the line, and in front of the enemy's breastworks some 30 yards, with our left resting on Rock Creek, with orders to support the Third Brigade infantry [Brigadier General G. H. Steuart], then occupying said works on the extreme left. At dawn, the enemy made a desperate attack on our lines by a heated fire of shot, shell, grape, and musketry. At this time we were moved forward, and occupied the breastworks immediately in our front. It soon became apparent from the advance of the enemy that his purpose was to turn our left flank, and thus enfilade that portion of the work occupied by our troops. Having communicated the condition of the line at this point to Brigadier General G. H. Steuart, senior brigadier-general present at the time,

Major General E. Johnson being engaged at another part of the line at the time, I was ordered by

Brigadier-General Walker to support the First North Carolina Regiment [Lieutenant-Colonel [H. A.] Brown] in the protection of our left flank. I at once detached one company {Company D, Lieutenant J. S. Harrison commanding, and sent it to the south side of the creek {Rock Creek, for the purpose of attracting the fire of the enemy in front and turning his right flank. He continued steadily to advance, and when within some 25 yards of the left of the works, I opened a heated oblique fire from the right of the regiment upon him. For some moments he stood stubbornly. At this juncture, I detached some two more of my companies, and posted some at a bend of the creek, some 60 yards to the rear and left, and in full view of the enemy. The remainder I sent on the south side of the creek to re-enforce Lieutenant Harrison, at that point engaging the enemy. With this concentrated fire, he was soon forced to retire in confusion.

