
About 7 a. m. the portion of my regiment left at the breastworks was relieved by Brigadier General William Smith's brigade. There still being a brisk skirmish kept up on the south side of the creek with the portion of my regiment there, I at once took the remainder of my regiment to their support, reporting to

Brigadier-General Walker as to the disposition made and where to be found. I advanced some distance on the left, driving the enemy's skirmishers from and taking possession of the heights at this point, where I remained during the day, skirmishing with and inflicting some injury on the enemy by killing, wounding, and taking some prisoners. and keeping the left flank clear. At 8 p. m., by order of Brigadier-General Walker, I rejoined the brigade on the north side of the creek, at the base of Culp's Hill, and in front of the enemy's works, Companies I [Captain {James H. O'Bannon], K [Lieutenant B. W. Moore], and portion of A, of my regiment, having been detached on the evening of the 2nd instant, and left in rear on picket to guard the Hanover road, in our rear. My regiment on the 3rd instant consisted only of seven and a portion of the eighth company. During the two days' engagement, I lost 1 man killed and 16 wounded and 3 missing, a list of which you will find annexed. * During this time both officers and men, with but few exceptions, behaved as is becoming good soldiers. I deem it but just to make honorable mention of the gallant conduct of Captain W. W. Randolph, Company C, whose valuable services in assisting in managing the left wing added much to the efficiency of my regiment. Also, Lieutenant J. S. Harrison, commanding Company D, while detached, skirmishing, for coolness and skill displayed in the management of his men. At 2 a. m. the 4th instant, the regiment, with the remainder of the brigade, marched and took position on the heights, on the farm of Mr. Booker, immediately on the north side of Gettysburg, where we remained until 1 a. m. 5th instant, when we marched westward in the direction of Hagerstown, Md.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

J. Q. A. NADENBOUSCH,

Colonel Second Regiment Virginia Infantry.

Lieutenant C. S. ARNALL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Stonewall Brigade.

Numbers 490. Report of Major William Terry, Fourth Virginia Infantry.

CAMP NEAR BUCKLETOWN, BERKELEY CO., VA., July 16, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to circular of this date, I have the honor of submitting the following report of the part taken by the Fourth Virginia Infantry in the operations around Gettysburg from the 1st to the 3rd instant. As the Fourth Regiment was at no time detached from the brigade, all that it did was, therefore, under the eye of the brigade commander, and renders it unnecessary that I should go into details for information.

---------------

*Not found; but see p. 341.

---------------

