
Regiment Virginia Volunteers in the three days' engagement near Winchester: On the evening of June 12, the regiment, accompanied by the brigade, crossed the South and North Branches of the Shenandoah River, near Front Royal. Bivouacked for the night on the roadside, about 3 miles from Front Royal, and cooked three days' rations. At 4 a. m. Saturday, June 13, reveille sounded, and in a few moments we were moving in the direction of Winchester. On arriving within some 4 miles of the town, skirmishing began in the front. About 12 m. the regiment was formed in line of battle in a cloverfield on the right of the Winchester and Front Royal pike, about 2 1/2 miles from the former place, the regiment occupying the center of the brigade, Fourth Virginia on the right, Twenty-seventh Virginia on the left. In a few moments, an order was received to move by the flank and follow the Fourth Virginia. We moved in an easterly direction, passing up a ravine, at the head of which we were halted, came to a front, and moved off in a northeasterly direction in line of battle. In a few moments we changed direction to the left, and advanced in the direction of Winchester, passing through the woods to an open field, where we were again halted. In a few moments we were ordered forward, and, on arriving near the center of the field, the regiment was ordered to move by the left flank and follow the Twenty-seventh Virginia. We moved in the direction of the above-mentioned pike, and, on arriving within several hundred yards of it, we were halted, came to a front, stacked arms, and remained in that position until 4 a. m. Sunday, June 14, when Lieutenant Colonel H. J. Williams received orders to move his regiment by the right flank in the direction of the Millwood pike. After crossing said pike a short distance, four companies of the regiment were deployed as skirmishers, and ordered to advance in the direction of Winchester. I was assigned to the command of the reserve, which followed in rear of the line of skirmishers. Before the enemy's skirmishers were driven to the edge of the town, I had re-enforced the line so often that only one company remained as the reserve. The line of skirmishers, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Williams, was ordered to halt in rear of some stone fences within gun-shot range of the town. A brisk skirmish fire was kept up all day. About 3 p. m. the enemy advanced opposite the right and center with infantry, cavalry, and artillery. The fact was communicated to General Johnson, who was in the woods a short distance in rear of the right wing of the line of skirmishers. He at once sent word to Captain [Lycurgus] Grills to fall back, and form in the woods about 200 yards in rear of the position occupied as skirmishers. At the same time, Lieutenant-Colonel Williams ordered Companies A and F from the brick house on the right center of the line of skirmishers. That was done in order to keep the enemy from shelling the house. That movement exposed the center to a flank fire, and, under these circumstance, Lieutenant-Colonel Williams ordered the center to fall back, and, while executing the movement, he was wounded in the thigh. At that moment I was ordered forward at double-quick with the reserve, which advanced in handsome style. The skirmishers were ordered back to their former position, and in a few moments the line was again established. From a remark that fell from the lips of General Walker, I was

