
led to believe that he was under the impression that the regiment gave way when the enemy advanced, without orders to that effect. But feeling assured that the above statement of the facts in the case will set aside all wrong impressions resting upon the mind of the general, I haste on. About 9 p. m. I received orders to draw off my line of skirmishers, form the regiment, and join the brigade in the woods in rear of the center of the line formerly occupied by the skirmishers. In order to convince the general that the men did not throw away their ammunition to such an extent as was supposed, I will quote a few remarks made by a captain of the Eighteenth Connecticut Volunteers, whose company was stationed in the graveyard, in front of the center of our line. He remarked on Monday that his company lost 15 men killed and wounded, and that his men could not expose themselves in the least without endangering their lives, and that the loss was heavy in both regiments, deployed as skirmishers along the edge of the town, taking into consideration that it was only a skirmish fight. A short time after joining the brigade, the regiment moved in the direction of the Berryville pike, followed by the remainder of the brigade. Arriving at it, we filed right, moving down the road in the direction of Berryville. After marching a few miles on the pike, we filed left, taking a road leading to Jordan Springs. When near the Springs, we could hear heavy skirmishing in our front in the direction of Stephenson's Depot. We advanced in that direction as rapidly as the weary and foot-sore men could march. In a short time heavy volleys of musketry could be heard. We soon arrived near the scene of action. The regiment was at once formed in line of battle in a clover-field on the right of the road, the left flank of which rested on the right flank of the Second Virginia. In a few moments we advanced in line of battle in the direction of the Winchester and Martinsburg pike, at a point about 4 miles from the former place. Arriving near the pike, we came in sight of a column of Yankees retreating through the fields on the left of said road. At once the regiment opened fire upon them, but, thinking they were friends, we were ordered to cease firing. General Walker rode to the front to ascertain the fact, and in a few moments returned and ordered the regiment to fire. The regiment at once advanced and kept up a heavy fire. The enemy retreated across the open field to the woods beyond. At that point they displayed a white flag. We were ordered to cease firing, but continued to advance, and were halted near the woods. Directly in front of the line of battle formed by the Second and Fifth Virginia Regiments, two regiments of Yankees surrendered, stacked their arms, and were marched 50 to 100 yards to the right of their guns. At that moment I was ordered with the regiment to take charge of the prisoners, which order I obeyed, and marched them to the woods near Stephenson's Depot. After guarding them there a short time, I received orders to move with them in the direction of Winchester, and, when near Mrs. Carter's house, I turned the prisoners over to Colonel [E. T. H.] Warren, of the Tenth Virginia, and at once countermarched the regiment, and joined the brigade near Stephenson's Depot about 3 p. m., where we remained until the evening of the 16th. Casualties in the regiment: 1 officer and 14 men wounded, 4 men

