
killed, and 10 missing. Casualties all occurred on the 14th. On the 15th, none killed, wounded, or missing. The officers of the regiment behaved themselves in a becoming manner, and it would be hard to discriminate where all did their duty so well. Sir, I have the honor to be, and am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES W. NEWTON,

Major, Comdg. Fifth Virginia Infantry, Stonewall Brigade. Lieutenant

C. S. ARNALL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 492. Report of Colonel J. H. S. Funk, Fifth Virginia Infantry. AUGUST 18, 1863.

In conformity to a circular from brigade headquarters, I have the honor of submitting the following report of the engagement at Gettysburg: On the morning of July 1, my regiment left camp near Fayetteville with the brigade. We crossed South Mountain, and marched in the direction of Gettysburg, where General Heth's division had engaged the enemy. Reached Gettysburg near dark, passing through a portion of the town, and following the York and Gettysburg Railroad nearly 2 miles, then filing to the right, where we were thrown in line of battle with the brigade on the extreme left of the division, northeast of the town, my regiment being in the center of the brigade. On the morning of the 2d, we were aroused early by our skirmishers firing. We remained in this position until late in the afternoon, when, after changing our position several times, moved in direction of Wolf's Mountain [or Red Hill], where the enemy had taken refuge. About 2 a. m. of the 3d, we were placed in position in rear of Steuart's brigade. At dawn we moved up to some breastworks, behind which lay Steuart's brigade, who were then skirmishing with the enemy. Remained here an hour or more; then ordered by General Walker to the right, to relieve the Fourth Virginia, which had exhausted their ammunition. Advancing to the top of the hill in front of the enemy's works, we were engaged for over two hours. After having exhausted our ammunition, and used the cartridges of the killed and wounded, were relieved by Daniel's brigade. The brigade was then reformed. Moving to the right some 400 yards, relieved General Nicholls' brigade, where we were hotly engaged for some three-quarters of an hour, under a murderous and enfilading fire. The line on the left began to give way, which was soon followed by the whole line. Falling back some 300 yards, reformed, and took position on the right of Jones' brigade, where we remained skirmishing with the enemy until 1 a. m. the 4th, when we fell back, and took position on the hills 1 mile westward of the town, the enemy being in too crippled a condition to follow. It is gratifying to state that the coolness, bravery, and determination displayed by both officers and men during this engagement have not been equaled by them on any of the hard-fought fields which have been marked by their dead. Their efforts not being crowned with

