
the usual success, they retired stubbornly from the field, manifesting a willingness to hurl themselves upon the foe again, if so ordered. I regret the loss of Lieutenant Jacob [H.] Keifer, who fell, mortally wounded. He was a gallant and efficient officer. His loss is felt throughout the command. Color-Sergeant Speck deserves mentioning for his gallantry throughout the engagement. The casualties were 3 killed, 42 wounded, and 11 missing. *

Respectfully submitted.

J. H. S. FUNK,

Colonel Fifth Virginia Infantry.

Lieutenant C. S. ARNALL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 493. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Daniel M. Shriver, Twenty-seventh Virginia Infantry. - -, [1863.]

SIR: I have the honor to report herewith the part taken by my regiment in the action at Winchester, on June 13, 14, and 15, ultimo. On the morning of the 13th, we formed line of battle at right angles with the Winchester and Front Royal turnpike, at a point about 3 miles from Winchester, and during that day and the next were gradually approaching the town. At 1 a. m. Monday, we moved by the right flank with the brigade to the Berryville road by a by-road leading, via Jordan Springs, to Stephenson's Depot. we came up with the enemy between the Springs and the depot, and moved upon a portion of their force which was attempting to escape in the direction of Jordan Springs. Before coming up with them, we were ordered back and across the Valley turnpike, where we assisted in the capture of the prisoners taken in that vicinity. We captured two stand of colors - one the regimental colors of the Fifth Maryland; the other a company flag of the same regiment. During the flank movement toward Stephenson's Depot, the men kept up remarkably well, and also in the action succeeding, there being not a single case of straggling. There were no casualties in the regiment resulting from the engagement.

Respectfully submitted.

DANL. M. SHRIVER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant C. S. ARNALL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Stonewall Brigade.

JULY 19, 1863.

SIR: On Wednesday, July 1, my regiment, with the brigade, marched from Fayetteville, Pa., to Gettysburg, at which latter place we arrived a little before dark, We then took position on the left of

---------------

*But see p. 341.

---------------

