
the division, and about 2 miles to the left of Gettysburg, that night. We lay in this position all night. Changed position about daylight the next morning on the same line, moving up by the left flank about a quarter of a mile. Remained here until about 5 p. m., when we moved by the right flank, and took position parallel with our former one, and about 300 yards in advance of it. We changed position frequently during the night, and finally, at about daybreak on Friday [3d], we occupied the hill in front of the enemy's fortifications. A short time after daylight, we became engaged, and were not withdrawn until about 10 a. m., when we were called off, and ordered to clean guns and supply ourselves with ammunition. We were then moved to the right of our first position, and a second time engaged the enemy for about an hour, when, the position not being tenable, our troops fell back and were reorganized. In about two hours, we resumed our position, about half way up the hill, and there remained until ordered beyond Gettysburg, which we accomplished about daylight on July 4. Remained here in line all day, and about 10 p. m. marched with the army in its retrograde movement. These movements recorded were all done in concert with the brigade. I have the honor to state that the officers and men behaved with all of their accustomed gallantry, no instances of shirking having come under my notice. My regiment went into action with 114 muskets, 1 field officer, 2 staff officers, and 12 company officers. Out of this number, 47 were killed, wounded, and missing-7 killed, 34 wounded, and 6 missing.

Respectfully submitted.

DANL. M. SHRIVER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Twenty-seventh Virginia Infantry.

Lieutenant C. S. ARNALL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 494. Reports of Captain J. B. Golladay, Thirty-third Virginia Infantry. JUNE 19, 1863.

SIR: A report of the operations of the Thirty-third Regiment Virginia Infantry around Winchester, Va., being called for, the following brief one is submitted: Pursuing the Winchester and Front Royal road, about noon on Saturday, the 13th instant, the regiment arrived at a point 2 or 2 1/2 miles distant from Winchester, when, conforming to the movements of the regiments on its right, it filed off to the right of said road, and was formed with the rest of the brigade in line of battle, and the skirmishers and sharpshooters thrown forward, in pursuance of orders from brigade commander. In this position it remained a short time, and then was advanced by the right flank from a half of a mile to a mile farther in the direction of Winchester, its course being so directed as to conceal it almost, if not entirely, from view of the enemy, where it was again formed in line of battle, and afterward arms stacked.

