
Here it remained until the morning of the 14th instant, when it again moved by a circuitous and hidden route to within a half mile of and southeast from Winchester, and halted and stacked arms in a hollow, where it was perfectly concealed. On this day there was continuous and at times heavy skirmishing kept up with the enemy, who occupied the suburbs of the town, in which this regiment did not participate. About 12 o'clock on the night of the 14th instant, the regiment moved by a circuitous way from the last position occupied, striking and pursuing the Berryville road several miles, and then taking a road leading by Jordan Springs in the direction of Stephenson's Depot, and when it arrived at a point about a half or three-quarters of a mile distant from the Winchester and Martinsburg turnpike, the command by the left flank was given, and, advancing in line of battle a short distance, the enemy was discovered in some force, and the regiment, being upon the extreme left, was subjected to a desultory fire from him, which resulted only in the wounding of one of its number, which fire was not returned by the regiment, orders having been received not to fire until ordered to do so. Her, while advancing toward the fleeing enemy, orders were received to move by the right flank [which, though not appreciated at that time, were subsequently fully appreciated], and, moving thus a short distance, the command was given to move by the left flank; and, moving in this direction in line of battle, we first crossed the Winchester and Potomac Railroad, and then the Winchester and Martinsburg macadamized road, and proceeding about a half mile north of the latter, came in contact with parts of five or six regiments of the enemy, who surrendered themselves, together with five or six stand of colors, to the general commanding, without the firing of a gun. In pursuance of orders received, a detail was sent out at once to gather together the scattered enemy, which was attended with considerable success. It is proper to state that the instructions received from the brigade commander were to conform the movements of the Thirty-third Virginia Regiment to those of the regiments on my right until instructed to the contrary. It is also deemed proper to state that the Thirty-third Virginia Regiment was in the rear [which by common consent is the most irksome position either on the march or in the maneuvering of a brigade], and the march being rapid and laborious from the immediate vicinity of Winchester to Stephenson's Depot, explains any seeming tardiness in conforming the movements of this regiment to those of the right regiments. The only loss sustained by the regiment has been incidentally mentioned in the foregoing report of its operations around Winchester, and the short list of casualties, as well as the success attending those operations, re believed to be attributable in a great measure to the consummate skill and dexterity with which this and the other regiments were handled by the brigade commander.

Very respectfully submitted, &amp;tc.

J. B. GOLLADAY,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant C. S. ARNALL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

34 R R-VOL XXVII, PT II

