
Numbers 496. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel R. H. Dungan, Forty-eighth Virginia Infantry, commanding regiment and Jones' brigade.

JULY 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: After the wounding of Brigadier General J. M. Jones, being the ranking officer then present in the brigade, I took command of it soon after it fell back from the enemy's immediate front. As soon as the regiments could be collected, I moved the brigade to within about 300 yards of the Yankee works, and extended on the right the length of the brigade. The brigade occupied this position till ordered this side of Gettysburg the ensuing night, about 10 o'clock. I kept out a heavy line of skirmishers during the whole time, and heavy skirmishing was kept up almost constantly, but with very slight loss to the brigade. I have no complaint or special commendation to make of either officers or men. All acted their several parts satisfactorily. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. DUNGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Jones' Brigade.

[Capt, REUBEN CLEARY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.] July 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: During the engagements around Gettysburg, my regiment occupied the part of the front line, between the left of the Fiftieth and right of the Twenty-first Virginia Regiments, of our brigade. Late in the evening of the 2nd instant, it advanced to the attack in this position, and bravely maintained its ground till within about 10 paces of the enemy's works, when, from its reduced numbers in ranks, together with the strength of the enemy and his strong position, I ordered it back about 200 yards. It went into action with about 210 men and officers, and came out with a loss of 76 killed, wounded, and missing. This tells how gallantly it acted its part, and I am glad to report that no individual cases of cowardice have yet been reported to me. Of my officers, Captains [J. M.] Vermillion and [C. W. S.] Harris both fell, dead, while bravely urging their men onward in the struggle. Among the living, Captains [W.] Faris, [J. M.] Preston, and [C. A.] Draper acted most gallantly, and deserve the highest commendation. On the 3d, till about 10 o'clock at night, the regiment held its relative position, about 300 paces in front of the enemy, when it retired with the brigade this side of Gettysburg.

Respectfully submitted.

R. H. DUNGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

[Captain REUBEN CLEARY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

