
Baker, First North Carolina, commanding brigade. The enemy's force was stated by citizens and prisoners to have been large-six regiments of cavalry, two of mounted infantry, and six guns. I did not see more than three regiments and four pieces of artillery. On the 21st, I reported again to division headquarters. Captain S. J. C. Moore, assistant adjutant-general of the brigade, who had been in hospital, reported for duty on the 10th. To Captain Cleary, whom I found in charge as assistant adjutant-general, I am greatly indebted for active and intelligent assistance in taking charge of this command while on the march. Your obedient servant,

BRADLEY T. JOHNSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain R. W. HUNTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Johnson's Division.

Numbers 498. Report of Captain W. P. Moseley, Twenty-first Virginia Infantry.

JULY 21, 1863.

SIR: The regiment, commanded by myself, formed line of battle on the left of Gettysburg on the evening of July 1, and remained in that position until about 6 p. m. of the 2d, when it advanced against the enemy, intrenched on the mountain in its front. The advance did not prove successful, and the regiment fell back about 8 o'clock to the branch at the foot of the mountain, where it reformed, and advanced a short distance, and there remained until 8 p. m. of the 3d, when it relinquished its position, being ordered to withdraw. Casualties: Killed, 6; wounded, 34; missing, 10. * Respectfully submitted.

WM. P. MOSELEY,

Captain, Commanding.

[Captain REUBEN CLEARY,

Acting, Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 499. Report of Lieutenant Colonel J. A. Robinson, Twenty-fifth Virginia Infantry, of operations June 13-15.

JUNE 16, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that no casualties occurred in either the Twenty-first, Twenty-fifth, or Forty-fourth Virginia Regiments during the recent engagements around Winchester. These three regiments are now under my command. I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. ROBINSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major B. W. LEIGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Johnson's Division.

---------------

*But see p. 341.

---------------

