
Numbers 502. Report of Captain T. R. Buckner, Forty-fourth Virginia Infantry. AUGUST 6, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: The regiment reached the scene of action about sunset, July 1, and lay in line of battle that night and the next day till about 3 p. m., when it was exposed to a furious shelling, though, fortunately, no one was hurt. About 6 o'clock, the advance commenced. Halted several times, and did not get within the range of musketry until after sunset. Crossing a creek at the foot of the mountain, we charged up the hill, driving the enemy before us; but by the time we reached the enemy's breastworks it was so dark that it was impossible to distinguish friend from foe. All was confusion and disorder. The works in front of our lines were of a formidable character, and in some places they could scarcely be surmounted without scaling-ladders. Finding it impossible to dislodge the enemy from this strong position, the line was ordered back. The men fell back without exhibiting the least sigh of trepidation, and were halted within some 150 yards of the enemy's works, where there was a ledge of rocks. Skirmishing and occasionally heavy firing continued all the next day and at times during the night. On Saturday morning [July 4], about 2 o'clock, we fell back from our position. The men were almost completely worn out and exhausted for want of sleep and food, and by continuous fighting, &amp;tc. The list of casualties amounted to 56 killed, wounded, and missing. * Among the former was Lieutenant R. W. Bailey, acting adjutant of the regiment, a most gallant and efficient officer.

Respectfully,

T. R. BUCKNER,

Captain, Commanding Forty-fourth Virginia Regiment.

Lieutenant J. G. ANDERSON, Acting Adjutant.

Numbers 503. Report of Lieutenant Colonel L. H. N. Salyer, Fiftieth Virginia Infantry. JULY 6, 1863.

SIR: On the 1st of this month, after a very long march, this regiment arrived at Gettysburg, Pa., and with the brigade bivouacked on the left of our lines and about a mile from the lines of the enemy, under shelter of some low hills. On the next day [July 2, early in the afternoon, I was ordered by General Jones to move to the support of a battalion of artillery commanded by Major Latimer, which was then on the point of engaging the enemy. I hurried forward to the position assigned us, but heavy firing had commenced before I reached the point we were to occupy, and by the time we got in position the opposing batteries were in full play. It soon became evident that our batteries were

---------------

*But see p. 341.

---------------

