
Numbers 504. Reports of Major J. W. Latimer, C. S. Artillery, Commanding Andrews' Artillery Battalion, of engagement at Winchester.

JUNE 25, 1863.

MAJOR: I hereby beg leave to submit the following report of the operations of this battalion in the recent engagements around Winchester: On the morning of June 13, we marched at 4 a. m. with Johnson's division from our encampment at Cedarville, on the Front Royal and Winchester pike, Captain [J. C.] Carpenter's battery, Lieutenant [William T.] Lambie commanding, being detached and following the front brigade, under immediate direction of Lieutenant-Colonel Andrews. This battery arrived in sight of Winchester about 12 m. Had it proceeded directly up the road, it would have been subjected to the fire of a battery stationed on the right of the pike, and on an eminence between the first house on the right of the road and an encampment which the enemy had just vacated. Therefore, Colonel Andrews moved Carpenter's battery through the woods to the left of the road, reaching an open field inclosed by a stone wall, which somewhat protected the guns. The battery came into action under fire, and in a few minutes, by their well-directed shots, drove off the enemy's battery as well as the supporting infantry, both retreating rapidly toward the town, one of the enemy's limbers having been exploded, thereby killing 3 men, others having been killed and wounded by the firing. During the engagement, Carpenter's battery lost 1 man killed and 1 wounded, and 3 horses disabled. Dement's First Maryland Battery, which was not engaged, but exposed to the fire, lost 1 man killed. Carpenter's battery was for some time after this exposed to a severe fire from heavy batteries which the enemy had posted on the heights to the left of the town, but which we could not reach. Later in the evening, when General Early advanced on the left, some of the enemy's infantry in retreating became exposed to view, when I ordered Lieutenant Lambie to open upon them with his two rifled guns, which he did with effect, very much accelerating their speed. This drew upon the battery a severe fire from the enemy's batteries, posted as before described, without any damage, however, excepting the loss of one or two horses. After night, the battery was withdrawn, and parked with the remainder of the battalion. None of the batteries of the battalion were again engaged during that day or the next, the enemy having retired within his works, and our lines not being advanced on that part of the field which we occupied. The battalion remained quietly in park behind a sheltering hill near the Front Royal road. On the evening of the 14th, about dark, in accordance with orders from General Johnson, Dement's First Maryland Battery, four Napoleons, a rifle section belonging to Raine's battery, under command of Captain Raine, and a section of Carpenter's battery [rifled guns], under command of Lieutenant Lambie, were taken by Colonel Andrews, with two brigades of Johnson's division [Steuart's and Nicholls'], all under the command of General Johnson, and moved across the country to the road leading from the Winchester and Martinsburg pike to Charlestown, by Jordan Springs, striking it at

