
a point about 4 miles from the Martinsburg pike about 3 a. m., and moving toward that pike. The remainder of the battalion had been left under my command, in front of Winchester. The batteries under command of Colonel Andrews were marching closed up on the infantry, and the first intimation of the presence of an enemy was given by rapid firing of musketry, indicating skirmishing at the head of the column. The battalion was halted immediately. The first gun of Dement's First Maryland Battery, which was in front, being at this time within about 200 yards of the burned depot, was ordered forward by Colonel Andrews, under direction of General Johnson, and, having arrived at the burned depot, was halted. In the meantime, the infantry was formed to the right and left of the road by which they had been marching, along the line of the Winchester and Harper's Ferry Railroad. The firing had ceased, and the remainder of the battalion was ordered into park in the woods to the right of the road at the burned depot. Before getting into park, however, Colonel Andrews, by direction of General Johnson, ordered forward the gun which was in advance, bringing it into position in the road near the bridge across the railroad, upon which it was subsequently moved. The left gun of the same section was brought into position on the left of the road by the same orders. Skirmishers had been sent out from our lines, and quite rapid firing had begun. The two guns could not fire, our skirmishers being in the way. The skirmishers were, however, quickly driven back by the enemy, who followed them. The two guns mentioned then opened upon them with canister. They were severely engaged with infantry at short range until the close of the action, about one hour and a half, not changing their position, and driving the enemy back frequently. Shortly after these guns had been put into position, the remainder of the battalion was posted, by Colonel Andrews' orders, along the edge of the wood, to the left of the road. They became immediately engaged, though at longer range than the first two guns, excepting Lieutenant Lambie's section, of Carpenter's battery, which shortly after getting into position was, by direction of Colonel Andrews, taken to a position about 200 yards to the right of the road, to protect against a flank movement. About half an hour after, Lieutenant [J. H.] Stonestreet, with the left section of Dement's battery, was ordered by Colonel Andrews to the support of Lieutenant Lambie. A body of the enemy's infantry and cavalry being seen moving to the left of our position, Colonel Andrews directed Captain Raine to move his section about 200 yards to the left and rear of his position, which he did, firing at right angles with his former line of fire with good effect. Shortly thereafter one of his guns, by order of General Johnson, was taken down the road toward Jordan Springs, to intercept a body of the enemy who were retreating in that direction. The enemy seeing this gun before it had been put in position, several hundred of them surrendered to about 7 of our infantrymen. About the same time, Lieutenant Lambie's section and one gun of Captain Dement's, which were on the right of the road, not having had occasion to fire, were moved, by direction of Colonel Andrews, about half a mile to the rear of our left, to fire upon the body of infantry and cavalry above spoken of, which Captain Raine's guns had not succeeded in arresting. The result was to scatter them in every direction, thus making them an easy prey to our infantry. The action at this time was pretty well over, the enemy's line being

