
broken at nearly every point, and, in order to complete the rout, Colonel Andrews was making preparations to charge with one of the sections of Dement's battery through the shattered lines of the enemy and open upon his rear, when he was struck in the arm by a shot from a lingering sharpshooter, which gave him a severe, but not serious, flesh wound. A short time afterward, the action was closed, the greater part of the enemy surrendering, the remainder having fled. The conduct of the batteries on this occasion was most creditable, eliciting, by the effect with which they were handled by their commanders, the admiration of all beholders. It will be seen that they were several times moved while under fire [always a difficult matter], and the celerity with which these movements were made showed the ability of the battery commanders and the efficiency of their commands. Captain Raine's battery, though exposed to a severe infantry fire, suffered no loss excepting having 3 horses disabled. Sergeants East, Eades, and Milstead are mentioned as having made themselves conspicuous for coolness and fine service rendered, having acted as gunners in addition to their duties as chiefs of pieces. The conduct of the officers, non-commissioned officers, and men serving the right section of Captain Dement's battery cannot be spoken of in terms of praise sufficiently high. The stern determination with which they stood up to their guns is proven by the fact that the gun at the bridge was worked with terrible effect until 6 men were disabled, and, on account of the difficult position which the gun occupied, the two cannoneers who were left were unable to work it. Finding the other gun detachment becoming weak, the sergeant and corporal, with the two men, went over to its assistance. In a few minutes, the latter detachment had suffered as great loss as the former, but, owing to the superiority of the ground, the gun could be worked with diminished numbers. The loss in Captain Dement's battery was 2 killed and 13 wounded; among the wounded, Lieutenant Contee and Sergeant Glascocke. This loss was confined to the two guns above spoken of, excepting in the case of one of the men killed, which was done on Saturday, when not engaged; 16 horses were also killed and disabled, 15 of these being in the same section. I desire to bring to your immediate notice on this occasion the names of Lieutenant C. S. Contee, commanding the section; Sergeant Harris, Corporals Compton and Thompson, of the first gun; Sergeant Glascocke and Corporal May, of the second gun. Captain Carpenter's battery, under command of Lieutenant Lambie, was served in the most efficient manner, both on the day on which we arrived in front of Winchester and on the 15th instant. The lieutenant commanding finds difficulty in making any distinction, but mentions Sergt. Major Ben. Karnes as having been in command of a section and having rendered excellent service. Captain Brown' battery was not engaged at any time. It is useless for me to speak of the commanders of the batteries engaged. Their known skill and gallantry, as proven on every battle-field, make it unnecessary to speak of them on this particular occasion.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. LATIMER,

Major, Commanding Andrews' Artillery Battalion.

Major B. W. LEIGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Johnson's Division.

