
JUNE 16, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the following list of the killed and wounded in this battalion during the battles around Winchester, June 13 and 15: 3 men killed, 2 officers and 12 men wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. LATIMER,

Major, Commanding Andrews' Artillery Battalion.

Major B. W. LEIGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 505. Report of Lieutenant Colonel R. Snowden Andrews, C. S. Artillery, commanding Artillery Battalion.

CAMP NEAR LIBERTY MILLS, August 5, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements and operations of Lieutenant Colonel R. Snowden Andrews' battalion of artillery, attached to General Edward Johnson's division, in the battle of Gettysburg: On this occasion, this battalion of artillery was under the immediate command of

Major J. W. Latimer, major of said battalion. Major Latimer moved the battalion from its camp near Chambersburg on July 1, and, moving along the Chambersburg road, appeared in front of Gettysburg just before dark of the same day, After dark, being in close proximity to the enemy, Major Latimer, making a detour to prevent the enemy from finding out his movements, moved his battalion to the extreme left of Gettysburg, between the York and Baltimore roads, facing the Cemetery Hill, when the command was parked, and encamped for the night. About 4 o'clock the following morning, July 2, Major Latimer, having carefully examined the ground, had selected the only eligible position in his front. The ground offered very few advantages, and the major found great difficulty in sheltering his horses and caissons. The hill which he selected brought him directly in front of the wooded mountain and a little to the left of the Cemetery Hill. All the guns excepting two long-range guns had to be crowded on this small hill, which was not in our favor. About 4 o'clock, Major Latimer received orders from yourself, as also from General Johnson, to take position and open on the enemy. Fourteen guns of the battalion were then planted on this hill above mentioned. The two remaining guns [20-pounder Parrotts] were placed on an eminence in rear of the battalion, with Captain Graham's battery. Captain Brown's battery occupied the right, Captain Carpenter's occupied the center, while Captain Dement and Captain Raine, the latter with one section of his battery, took the left. As soon as the major opened, the enemy replied with a well-directed fire from a superior number of guns, causing many casualties among officers, men, and horses. This unequal contest was sustained by both the officers and men with great fortitude until near night. The enemy in the meantime planted some guns on the left, which partially enfiladed our batteries, which caused Captain Carpenter to

