
suffer very severely. By this time, two of Captain Dement's pieces had expended all their ammunition and one caisson had been blown up. Captain Brown had a piece disabled, and his detachment so reduced that he could work only two guns, and Captain Brown had been shot down at this juncture, the enemy pouring a destructive fire on them. Major Latimer sent his sergeant-major to General Johnson to say that, owing to the exhausted state of his men and ammunition and the severe fire of the enemy, he was unable to hold his position any longer. General Johnson sent him word to withdraw the battalion, if he thought proper. Most of the guns were then withdrawn, leaving four guns on the hill to repel any advance of the enemy's infantry. Soon after this, Major Latimer again opened on the enemy with the four guns left in position to cover the advance of our infantry, which drew a terrible fire on him, and it was here that the accomplished and gallant Latimer was severely wounded in the arm, of which wound he has since died. The command then devolved upon Captain Raine, the senior captain of the battalion. Night coming on, Captain Raine, at Major Latimer's suggestion, withdrew the battalion a short distance, and encamped for the night. The next morning, July 3, the condition of the battalion was reported to you, when Captain Raine received orders to park near the ordnance train, have his ammunition chests replenished, and await further orders. The same evening, Captain Raine received orders to go to the front, which order was promptly obeyed. On the 4th, Captain Raine fell back with his division near the Cashtown road, where he remained until our army left the front of Gettysburg. The list of casualties will show the severity of the conflict, and it is believed we did the enemy infinitely more damage than we sustained, for they had to change their positions frequently, and had to be relieved by fresh batteries, while our men stood unflinchingly to their posts the whole time. I herewith furnish you with a list of the casualties in the different batteries. Casualties in Captain Brown's battery: Captain Brown severely wounded; Lieutenant [B. G.] Roberts wounded; 4 men killed and 10 wounded; 9 horses killed or permanently disabled. Casualties in Captain Dement's battery: 1 corporal killed; 4 men wounded; 9 horses killed or permanently disabled; 1 caisson exploded and 1 disabled. Casualties in Captain Carpenter's battery: 1 corporal killed; 4 men killed; 1 sergeant wounded; 1 corporal wounded; 17 enlisted men badly wounded; several others very slightly wounded, now on duty; 9 horses killed. Summary: 1 major severely wounded; 1 captain severely wounded; 1 lieutenant wounded; 1 non-commissioned officer and 9 men killed; 2 non-commissioned [officers] and 30 men wounded; 30 horses killed. Major Latimer informed me that all officers, with the exception of

