
Lieutenant John. E. Plater, behaved with great gallantry. The captains report that their officers, non-commissioned officers, and men behaved with such unparalleled gallantry that they can make no distinction.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

R. SNOWDEN ANDREWS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Artillery Battalion.

Colonel J. T. BROWN,

Commanding Artillery Second Corps.

Numbers 506. Report of Major General R. E. Rodes, C. S. Army, commanding division.
HEADQUARTERS RODES' DIVISION,Orange Court-House, - -, 1863.

COLONEL: In compliance with orders, I have the honor herewith to submit a report of the operations of this division during the period which elapsed from the breaking up of camp at Grace Church, in Caroline County, to its return to the Rappahannock waters, During this period the division was organized as follows: Daniel's [North Carolina] brigade, commanded by Brigadier General Junius Daniel, composed of the following regiments: Thirty-second North Carolina, commanded by Colonel E. C. Brabble; Forty-third North Carolina, commanded by Colonel Thomas S. Kenan; Forty-fifth North Carolina, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel S. H. Boyd; Fifty-third North Carolina, commanded by Colonel W. A. Owens, and Second North Carolina Battalion, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel H. L. Andrews. Doles' [Georgia] brigade, commanded by Brigadier General George Doles, composed of the Fourth Georgia, Commanded by Lieutenant Colonel D. R. E. Winn; Twelfth Georgia, commanded by Colonel Edward Willis; Twenty-first Georgia, commanded by Colonel John T. Mercer, and Forty-fourth Georgia, commanded by Colonel S. P. Lumpkin. Iverson's [North Carolina] brigade, commanded by Brig. General Alfred Iverson, composed of the Fifth North Carolina, commanded by Captain S. B. West; Twelfth North Carolina, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel W. S. Davis; Twentieth North Carolina, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel N. Slough, and Twenty-third North Carolina, commanded by Colonel D. H. Christie. Ramseur's [North Carolina] brigade, commanded by Brigadier General S. D. Ramseur, composed of the Second North Carolina, commanded by Major D. W. Hurtt; Fourth North Carolina, commanded by Colonel Bryan Grimes; Fourteenth North Carolina, commanded by Colonel R. T. Bennett, and Thirtieth North Carolina, commanded by Colonel F. M. Parker. Rodes' {Alabama] brigade, commanded by Colonel E. A. O'Neal, composed of Third Alabama, commanded by Colonel C. A. Battle; Fifth Alabama, commanded by Colonel J. M. Hall; Sixth Alabama, commanded by Colonel J. N. Lightfoot; Twelfth Alabama, commanded by Colonel S. B. Pickens, and Twenty-sixth Alabama, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Goodgame. Lieutenant Colonel Thomas H. Carter's battalion of sixteen pieces of artillery, composed of [William P.] Carter's, [R. C. M.] Page's, [C. W.] Fry's, and [William J.] Reese's batteries. Receiving orders on June 3 to march, the division was put in motion early on the morning of the 4th, and, after marching some 16 miles, bivouacked 2 miles north of Spotsylvania Court-House.

35 R R -VOL XXVII, PT II

