
Next day, after a march of 21 miles, turning to the right at Verdierville, in order to cross the Rapidan at Raccoon or Somerville Ford, we bivouacked near Old Verdierville. After marching about 4 miles on the 6th, I received orders to halt, and await further orders. Resuming the march on the 7th, we crossed the Rapidan at Somerville Ford, passed through Culpeper Court-House, and bivouacked 4 miles beyond, on the Rixeyville road, having marched about 19 miles. On the 8th, finding that a long march was ahead of us, and that the supplies had to be closely looked to, I ordered all the baggage, tents, &amp;tc., that could be spared looked to be sent to the rear. By this means, each brigade was enabled to transport three days' rations in its train, in addition to an equal amount in the division commissary train, the men also carrying three days' rations each in his haversack; hence, when the division resumed its march, it was supplied with fully nine days' rations. On the 9th, anticipating an order to do so, I moved the division toward Brandy Station, to the support of General Stuart's cavalry. Halting, under Lieutenant-General Ewell's orders, at Botts' place, I subsequently, under orders, advanced to Barbour's house, in advance of the station, but did not get in reach of the enemy, he having apparently been repulsed by the cavalry. On the afternoon of the 10th, the division resumed the road, under orders, and, after a 10-mile march, bivouacked on Hazel River, near Gourd Vine Church. Next day, the route was resumed at an early hour, and, without exception, on the worst road I have ever seen troops and trains pass over. The route designed for the division led by Newby's Cross-Roads, I was compelled to proceed by Gaines' Cross-Roads. Before taking that route, however, I found that the movements of the division were not likely to be discovered by the enemy, and hence that there was no necessity for taking the more tortuous and difficult road by Washington. The route via Gainess' Cross-Roads to Flint Hill being a good one, we reached the latter place early in the afternoon, and halted an hour or more to await the passage of Early's division, which I knew was to precede mine, and which was to have entered, at Flint Hill, the turnpike upon which I was marching. Ascertaining that General Early had been compelled to abandon his prescribed line of march by reason of the impracticable character of the Fodderstack road, and acting under orders from Lieutenant-General Ewell, I resumed the march, and bivouacked about one mile and a half north of Flint Hill, having marched about 15 miles. On June 12, having received orders to proceed in advance of the other divisions of the corps, my command crossed the Blue Ridge through Chester Gap, passed through Front Royal, forded both forks of the Shenandoah River, and halted for a few hours near Cedarville. Here the lieutenant-general fully unfolded his immediate plans of action to me, which was, in brief, as follows, orders being given me to proceed at once and in accordance with this plan to the execution of my part of it: The main features of the plan were the simultaneous attack of Winchester and Berryville, the subsequent attack of Martinsburg, and the immediate entrance into Maryland, via Williamsport or any other point near there which events indicated as best. My division was ordered to take the Berryville road, via Millwood, to attack and seize Berryville; then to advance without delay on Martinsburg, and thence proceed to Maryland, there to await further orders; this while the other two divisions of the corps reduced Winchester. To enable me to carry out this plan the better, and to obtain full supplies of fresh meat, &tc., as soon as possible after crossing the Potomac, and other purposes not necessary to mention, the cavalry brigade of General A. G. Jenkins, of about 1, 600 men, which had just joined the column, was placed under my command. In obedience to my instructions, the division was at once moved directly from Cedarville toward Millwood by an unfrequented road, under the guidance of Mr. John McCormack, a most excellent guide and soldier. To conceal the movements of the infantry, the cavalry were ordered to take the road by Nineveh Church and White Post, and a part of it to proceed to Millwood. After a march of 17 miles, the division bivouacked near Stone Bridge.

