
A portion of General Jenkins' men had been skirmishing during the afternoon of the previous day and on the morning of the 13th, and had lost a few men, among them Lieutenant Charles Norvell, who was wounded and captured in a gallant charge upon the enemy near Nineveh. After securing such stores as were at all valuable, the division was again put in motion toward Martinsburg. General Jenkins had already proceeded in pursuit of the enemy by a road west of Berryville. One portion of his command, under my orders, pursued him by the Charlestown road. Just before reaching the road to Summit Point, I was informed by an officer of the cavalry that the enemy pursued that route, and later that he had gone toward Winchester. I followed him to Summit Point, where we bivouacked, after having marched about 20 miles, not including the wide detours made at Berryville by the brigades of Daniel, Doles, Ramseur, and Iverson, in the effort to surround the enemy. Major [J. W.] Sweeney's battalion, of Jenkins' brigade, which had been put in pursuit of the enemy under my direct orders, overtook his rear guard near the Opequon Creek, and made a most gallant charge upon it, capturing a piece of artillery, which they were unable to hold, the enemy being too strong for them. Major Sweeney, who acted very gallantly in this affair, was very badly wounded in the charged. In the absence of any official report from General Jenkins, I cannot explain why he did not intercept at least a portion of the enemy's force. It seems, however, clear that before the close of the day the general made a fierce attack upon a detachment of cavalry and infantry at Bunker Hill, losing several men in a gallant attack upon a party of the latter, who had thrown themselves into two stone houses, well provided for defense, with loop-holes and barricades fixed for that purpose. He captured here about 75 or 100 prisoners, and drove the balance toward Martinsburg. These facts I learned on the next day. On the morning of the 14th, it was apparent that during the night the enemy had continued his march to Winchester, whither I ordered the only force of cavalry I could then communicate with [Sweeney's battalion] to follow and annoy him. Not having heard anything from Winchester, though I had dispatched several couriers to the lieutenant-general commanding, I hesitated for a few moments between proceeding toward Martinsburg, in accordance with my general instructions, and turning toward Winchester. The reflection that, should my division be needed there, I would that day receive orders to turn back, determined me to push on to Martinsburg as rapidly as possible, which I did, reaching that place late in the afternoon, after a very fatiguing march of 19 miles.

MARTINSBURG.

Arriving in the field before Martinsburg ahead of the troops, I found General Jenkins with his command before the enemy, skirmishing with him occasionally. The enemy's forces were drawn up in line of battle on the right of the town, exhibiting infantry, cavalry, and artillery. General Jenkins, through Captain [W. A.] Harris, of my staff, had summoned the Federal commander to surrender, which he declined doing. Before the infantry came up, I ordered General Jenkins to move

