
Haberstown, where, in obedience to further instructions, its march was directed toward Boonsborough, as if threatening Harper's Ferry, and halted about 2 miles from Hagerstown, on the Boonsborough road. Remaining two days near Hagerstown, during which period I received further verbal instructions in a personal interview with Lieutenant-General Ewell, on the 22nd the division resumed its march, and on that day penetrated into the enemy's country. Iverson's brigade was the first to touch Pennsylvania soil. After a march of 13 miles, we bivouacked at Greencastle. During the night, under orders, I reported in person at the headquarters of the lieutenant-general commanding, then at Beaver Creek, between Boonsborough and Hagerstown, and, after an interview with him and General Early, rejoined my command next day, Lieutenant-Genera Ewell accompanying me. General Jenkins had in the meantime advanced to Chambersburg, where he was ordered to remain until my division came up, which he failed to do, because of the reported approach of the enemy in strong force. The result was that most of the property in that place which would have been of service to the troops, such as boots, hats, leather, &amp;c., was removed or concealed before it was reoccupied. From this date, General Jenkins was directly under the orders of the lieutenant-general in effect, as the latter was thenceforth constantly with the advance guard of infantry. At Greencastle, the orders of General Lee, regulating the conduct of troops and officers of all departments while in the enemy's country, were received, but they had in substance been anticipated by orders first from division and then from corps headquarters. The conduct of the troops of this division was entirely in accordance with those orders, and challenged the admiration of their commanding officers, while it astonished the people along the line of march. These latter very generally expected to be treated by us with the wanton cruelty generally exhibited by their troops when they are upon our soil. As a general rule, they apparently expected to see their houses burned down and all their property carried off or destroyed. From June 23, the movements of my command were executed under the immediate supervision of the commander of the corps. Resuming its march on the 24th, the division made 14 miles, passing through Chambersburg, which had been reoccupied by General Jenkins that morning, and bivouacked on the Conococheague, 2 1/2 miles beyond the town. The Third Alabama Regiment, Colonel Battle commanding, was left in the town as a guard for the people, property, &c. At Chambersburg, the division of General Johnson joined mine, and the two, moving on slowly without noteworthy incident, reached Carlisle on the 27th. The brigades of Daniel, Iverson, and Ramseur occupied the United States barracks at this place, that of General Doles bivouacked on the campus of Dickinson College, a portion of his force acting as guard for the town, while the Alabama brigade bivouacked on and picketed the Baltimore turnpike, 1 2/2 miles from town. Large supplies of cattle, horsed, and flour were obtained here and on the march, and in the barracks' stables a large quantity of grain was found. Most of the Government property, excepting the grain, had been removed by the enemy, but musketoons, holsters, tents, and a small quantity of subsistence stores were found in the barracks. On our arrival at Carlisle, Jenkins' cavalry advanced toward Har-

