
The enemy was thus routed at all points. My division followed him closely into and through the town, Doles and Ramseur entering in such close contact with the enemy that the former, who penetrated the heart of the town first of all, had two sharp and successful encounters with the enemy in its streets, and the latter, who entered farther to the right, captured the colors of the One hundred and fiftieth Pennsylvania Regiment in its streets, Lieutenant [F. M.] Harney, of his brigade, tearing them from the hands of the colorbearer, and falling almost immediately thereafter, mortally wounded. In the pursuit, the division captured about 2, 500 prisoners-so many as to embarrass its movements materially. The troops, being greatly exhausted by their march and somewhat disorganized by the hot engagement and rapid pursuit, were halted and prepared for further action. I did not change their position materially, nor order another attack, for the following reasons: 1st, in the midst of the engagement just described, the corps commander informed me, through on of his officers, that the general commanding did not wish a general engagement brought on, and hence, had it been possible to do so then, I would have stopped the attack at once; but this, of course, it was impossible to do then; 2d, before the completion of his defeat before the town, the enemy had begun to establish a line of battle on the heights back of the town, and by the time my line was in a condition to renew the attack, he displayed quite a formidable line of infantry and artillery immediately in my front, extending smartly to my right, and as far as I could see to my left, in front of Early. To have attacked this line with my division alone, diminished as it had been by a loss of 2, 500 men, would have been absurd. Seeing no Confederate troops at all on my right; finding that General Early, whom I encountered in the streets of the town within thirty minutes after its occupation by our forces, was awaiting further instructions, and, receiving no orders to advance, though my superiors were upon the ground, I concluded that the order not to bring on a general engagement was still in force, and hence placed my lines and skirmishers in a defensive attitude, and determined to await orders or further movements either on the part of Early or of the troops on my right. My skirmishers were promptly thrown out so as to cover more than half the town and the front of the division, which was drawn up in two lines, Doles', Iverson's, and Ramseur's brigades making the front line, and extending from the left of the center of the town along one of its principal streets and out on the road to Fairfield; the second line, composed of the brigades of Daniel and O'Neal, extended along the railroad, about 200 yards in rear and considerably to the right of the first. In this position we remained quietly, but with considerable annoyance from the enemy's sharpshooters and artillery, until the morning of the next day. On July 2, nothing of importance transpired in my front. The rest of the men generally was only disturbed by the occasional skirmishing and desultory firing of the opposing sharpshooters; but Daniel's brigade, which had been early in the morning moved by my order so as to connect with Pender's division, on the crest of the ridge before spoken of, was subjected to a galling artillery fire, especially in the afternoon. Late in the afternoon, however, and attack was made upon the enemy's position by some troops of the right wing of the army, which produced some stir among the enemy in my immediate front, and seemed to cause there a diminution of both artillery and infantry.

