
North Carolina; Lieutenant-Colonel Baud and Major [J. R.] Winston, Forty; fifth North Carolina; Major [H. G.] Lewis, Thirty-second North Carolina; Major [J. M.] Hancock, Second North Carolina Battalion; Lieutenant [W. R.] Bond and Colonel [W. J.] Green, of General Daniel's staff, besides many valuable and distinguished company officers, whose names will be found in the tabular statements appended to reports of brigade commanders. My staff officers-Major H. A. Whiting, Major Greene Peyton, Captain W. A. Harris, Captain M. L. Randolph (the two last-named officers attached to the division as chiefs of ordnance and of the signal corps, respectively, voluntarily serving in the field with distinguished ability and courage), Lieutenants [J. W.] Hutchinson and [James P.] Arrington, Captain D. D. Peden, acting assistant inspector-general, and Surg. W. S. Mitchell-all did their duty nobly during the whole campaign, and deserve mine and the conutry's warmest thanks for their services. Major Julian Mitchell, acting division commissary (Major [J. M.] Adams having been taken sick at Culpeper Court-House), discharged the duties of his arduous position with an energy and capacity I have never seen equaled. The appendix marked A will show the strength and the loss of each brigade at Gettysburg. Appendix B will show the general, field, and staff officers who were present in the engagements. In the accompanying reports of brigade commanders will be found an ac count of the operations of each brigade, and the part borne by each in the campaign, in a more detailed form than my limits will admit of and to these you are respectfully referred.

SKIRMISH AT MANASSAS GAP.

After recrossing the Potomac, With the exception of twenty-four hours spent in an ineffectual effort to strike the Federal force at Hedgesville, the division remained quietly in camp near Darkesville, Berkeley County, until July 22, when it resumed the march up the Valley. Bivouacking at Winchester one night, the nest afternoon found us, after a march of 23 miles, facing nearly the whole Federal Army in the vicinity of Manassas Gap. My division was ordered there to relieve Wright's brigade (of about 600 men), of Anderson's division, but arrived too late to do so. The enemy having already engaged Wright's skirmishers, it was necessary for his whole brigade to deploy, so as to cover strongly and hold the line which he occupied until I could establish my line of battle a little in its rear. I Caused this movement to be executed, acting under General Ewell's orders. These precautions were proper, as the enemy were making an apparently determined advance with an extended front, and had full 20, 000 troops already in view, while others were coming through the Gap. All my sharpshooters (about 250 men) were as soon as possible sent to strengthen Wright's line. Rodes' old brigade, under Colonel O'Neal, the first to arrive, was deployed behind Wright's, on a ridge some 300 yards in his rear. The main line was strongly posted on a spur of the mountains which commanded the ridges occupied by Wright and O'Neal. The enemy attacked in force, driving the front line of skirmishers back slowly. Wright's men fought obstinately, as did the sharp-

