
On the following day, I left camp with the division, making a night march, and moving in the direction of Front Royal, which place we reached about 12m. on the 12th, and crossed the Shenandoah on the same day, taking the road to Berryville, via Millwood. Near Millwood, my brigade being in advance of the division, my advance guard came in contact with a small party of the enemy's cavalry, which retired before them, and was not seen again until I reached Barryville, which place the enemy occupied in force. Upon arriving near the town, I received orders to move to the left, and, in conjunction with General Jenkins, to prevent the escape of the enemy by the Winchester pike, and, upon the arrival of a battery of artillery, under command of Major Baxter [?], to attack and carry the enemy's works on Grindstone Hill, and after this to move upon the town, and form a junction with the troops that had moved to the right of the town. In compliance with these orders, I moved some 3 miles to the left, and took a position under cover of some woods near the enemy's works, and in such manner as to prevent their escape by the Winchester pike. Upon examination, I found that the enemy had abandoned their works and gone in the direction of the town. I immediately commenced moving in the same direction, when I received notice from Major-General Rodes that the enemy had retreated from the town, and was directed by him to move upon the Martinsburg pike. Upon reaching this pike, and reporting to the major-general commanding, a short rest was ordered, after which we commenced moving upon Martinsburg, which place the rear of the column did not reach until after dark the next day. My command having been placed in charge of the train, and the enemy's cavalry having shown some activity during the march, I was ordered to place one of my regiments in front of the train and one in the rear, and to distribute the theirs equally along the train. The train being several miles in length, my command was much separated. When I had arrived within 3 miles of the town, an officer of Colonel Carter's artillery reported to me that he had a battery playing upon the enemy which was without infantry supports, and requested that 1 would give him a regiment to support it. In the absence of the major-general commanding, I immediately ordered the Fifty-third Regiment, Colonel Owens commanding, to the support of this battery, and then, having sent a staff officer to bring up such of my regiments as were still in the rear, I proceeded with the Forty-third Regiment along the road leading to the town. Having halted this regiment in the outskirts of the town, I rode the major-general commanding to return with my command, and go into camp at Big Springs. The following day we marched upon Williamsport, which place we reached about dark, and went into camp just opposite the town. On the 17th, we crossed the river, and encamped on the Sharpsburg road. On the 19th, we marched upon Hagerstown, and remained in camp there until the 22d, when we marched upon Greencastle, Pa., and encamped a little south of the town, and remained until the 24th, when we marched upon Chambersburg, reaching that place about the middle of the day. At 12 o'clock at night, I received orders to move with my brigade

