
fight. All acted with courage and coolness, but it fell to the lot of the Forty-fifth, Lieutenant-Colonel Boyd; Second Battalion. Lieutenant-Colonel Andrews, and the Thirty-second, Colonel Brabble, to meet the heaviest efforts of the enemy. This they did in the most gallant manner, repulsing them at every advance, and finally driving them in confusion from the field. On the morning of the 2d, I moved, under orders from the major-general commanding the division, to the right of the railroad cut, and occupied the crest of the hill, my left resting near the cut and my right connection with the left of General Pender's division. Colonel O'Neal, commanding Rodes' old brigade, having been directed by Major-General Rodes to report to me for orders, I caused him to occupy the position under the railroad embankment which my own brigade had occupied during the night. My brigade held its position along the crest throughout the day. About 3, 30 p. m. the enemy's artillery opened in reply to our own, and from that time until nearly dark the portion of the line occupied by my troops was subjected to a heavy fire, from which, owing to their exposed situation, they suffered much. A little after sunset, I received orders to form in the open field in front of and below the hill, and to support Generals Doles, Iverson, and Ramseur in an advance upon Cemetery Hill. With Rodes' brigade on my left, I moved in the rear of General Ramseur for a distance of about three-quarters of a mile, when I was notified by General Ramseur that he had halted, and that it was impracticable at that time to advance farther. I therefore halted my line, and remained in that position until about 10 p. m., when I received orders to move back into the town, and occupy the position formerly occupied by General Ramseur, With O'Neal on my left. Some two hours afterward, I received orders to move with my own and Rodes' brigade to the left of the town, a distance of about 4 miles, and report to General Johnson. In obedience to this order, I moved off at about 1, 30 a. m., and reported to General Johnson at about 4 a. m., by whom I was immediately ordered into action, to the support of Jones' brigade, Colonel [R. H.] Dungan commanding. I was at the same time notified that Colonel O'Neal would receive his orders during the day from General Johnson. In taking the position assigned me, the Thirty-second Regiment was subjected to a heavy artillery fire in a much exposed situation, which, however, it bore with great courage and steadiness. On coming up with Jones' brigade, I found its skirmishers engaging the enemy at long range. The hill in front of this position was, in my opinion, so strong that it could not have been carried by any force. After remaining here some two or three hours, I was ordered to move by the left flank to the left, under the guidance of a staff officer, who had been sent to conduct me to the position it was desired I should occupy. In executing this movement, my troops were much exposed, and many were killed and wounded. On reaching the left, I received orders from General Johnson to charge the enemy's works, in conjunction with General Steuart. This charge was made in a most gallant manner, and the enemy driven from a portion of their works in front of my center and right, and near the works captured the evening before by Jones' brigade. Owing to the heavy fire brought upon General Steuart, he was unable to advance farther, and I was, therefore, unable to occupy the works of the enemy; but from a sheltered position, within less than

