
50 paces. I obtained through a gorge between their of intrenchments a most destructive fire with the whole of the Forty-fifth Regiment for five minutes upon a crowd of the enemy who were disorganized and fleeing in great confusion. And here, owing to the fact that the enemy were returning our fire at this time very feebly, and that our own aim was unobstructed, we succeeded in inflicting heavy loss upon them. This position I held, bringing a heavy, though unequal, fire on the fresh columns that came down to the relief of those that had been broken and were leaving their works, until ordered by General Johnson to fall back with the rest of his line about three-quarters of a mile, and occupy the position along a run at the foot of the hill. I remained in this position, with my skirmishers warmly engaged, and the enemy's fire reaching and doing some execution upon our to follow General Smith's brigade with my own and Rodes' brigade back to the town, and there report to General Rodes. Having done this, my brigade was assigned a position on the left of the division. This I reached and occupied about daybreak on the morning of the 4th. I cannot in justice to the officers and men of my command close this portion of my report without recording my earnest conviction that the conduct of none of the troops who participated in this engagement will furnish brighter examples of patient endurance than were exhibited by them. Entering the fight on the first day at about 1 p. m., and hotly engaged until 4 p. m., during which time they constantly drove before them a superior force of the enemy, losing nearly one-third of their number and many valuable officer; espoused during the afternoon of the second day to a galling fire of artillery, from which they suffered much, they moved at night in line of battle on the enemy's strong position, after which, with less than two hours' rest, and having made a fatiguing night march, they reported to General Johnson, and entered the fight again at 5 a. m. on the third day, and were not withdrawn until between 3 and 4 o'clock in the afternoon, their skirmishers remaining engaged until nearly 12 o'clock at night, and the whole line being constantly exposed to and suffering from the enemy's fire. Shortly after 12 o'clock, they were required to repeat the march of the preceding night, and to reoccupy the position from which they had driven the enemy on the first day. Nor was there exhibited by any portion of the command during the three days in which they were engaged any disposition to shrink from the duties before them, or any indications of that despondency with which men similarly exposed are so often affected. I desire here to make special mention of Captain W. M. Hammond, assistant adjutant-general, First Lieutenant W. R. Bond, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant Colonel W. J. Green, aide-de-camp-Captain Hammond for his bravery and efficient services throughout the three day's fight; Lieutenant Bond and Colonel Green for their services on the first day. Both the latter were severely wounded on the first day-Lieutenant Bond through the body and Colonel Green through the head, each acting with most conspicuous coolness and bravery. To these officers I am indebted for most important services on that day. Lieutenant-Colonel Boyd and Major [John R.] Winston, Forty-fifth North Carolina Regiment, were both wounded on the first day, the former severely and the latter painfully. Major Winston, however, notwithstanding the painful character of his wound, did not

