
quit the field, but remained with his regiment until late in the engagement of July 3, when a second wound, more severe than the first, compelled him to retire, Both of these officers were wounded while leading their men in an advance upon the enemy. Lieutenant-Colonel Andrews, Second North Carolina Battalion, was killed July 1, while gallantly leading his men in a charge. Major [John M.] Hancock, of this battalion, at the same time received a wound through the breast, Major [Henry G.] Lewis, of the Thirty-second, severely wounded at the close of the first day's fight, and Colonel [T. S.] Kenan, of the Forty-third Regiment, severely wounded on July 3, while leading his men against the enemy's works. These officers, with the exception of Captain Hammond, are in the hands of the enemy. I desire also to mention specially Colonel E. C. Brabble, Thirty-second; Lieutenant Colonel W. G. Lewis, Forty-third Regiment; Lieutenant Colonel D. G, Cowand, Thirty-second Regiment; Captain A. H. Gallaway, commanding Forty-fifth Regiment on July 3, after Major Winston had been disabled/ Captain [J. A.] Hopkins, of the same regiment; Captain [William L.] London, of the Thirty-second, commanding skirmishers; Captain [Carey] Whitaker, senior captain in the Forty-third, and Lieutenant [W. E.] Stit, Forty-third Regiment, acting aide-decamp after Lieutenant Bond was wounded. These officers all acted with bravery and coolness, as did all of my officers and men whose conduct came under my observation, but the above were more conspicuous than the rest. I entered the engagement of July 1 with 2, 100 men. The total loss up to the time my command reached Hagerstown amounted to 996 men, of which number 9 were lost in the skirmish at Fairfield. About night on Saturday, the 4th, I received orders to hold myself in readiness to move. Between 12 and 1 o'clock, I received orders to commence the march, and moved off at the head of the division, taking the Fairfield road, which place we reached the middle of the afternoon the following day, and encamped some 1 1/2 miles beyond the town, upon the top of the mountain. The following morning, I was notified that the division would constitute the rear guard of the army, and that I would bring up the rear of the division, and was ordered to relieve the skirmishers of General Early, then coming up from the town, the enemy's skirmishers following them. I threw out skirmishers on both sides of the road, and engaged those of the enemy, driving them back. The enemy's line having been ascertained to be a long one, extending nearly across the Valley, General Doles was ordered by the commanding general to throw out skirmishers, and relieve a portion of mine on the right of the road. The Forty-fifth Regiment, under command of Captain Hopkins, was ordered to occupy a hill some distance to the left and front, which it was though from the movements of the enemy they had intended to occupy with artillery, and from which he could annoy us much in withdrawing. Upon reaching the hill, Captain Hopkins found it occupied by a regiment of the enemy, who demanded of him a surrender, and to which demand he replied handsomely by driving them beyond the hill, with slight loss to himself, and considerable, he thinks, to the enemy. This position I occupied until informed by the major-general that he had taken up a position some mile or more in the rear, and, under orders from him, withdrew my troops, and occupied this position, holding with skirmishers a branch some half mile in front of the last position.

