
I withdrew without loss and in good order, the enemy not pursuing with much vigor, but moved a small force around to the left, which came in contact with some skirmishers placed by Major-General Rodes to protect my rear. Having received orders to withdraw, I did so, without being pressed by the enemy, and encamped near Waynesborough that night. The following day we marched upon Hagerstown, and encamped within 2 miles of the town. On the 15th, the calvary having reported the enemy as attempting to cross the Antietam by the dirt road that led to Boonsborough, I was ordered to strengthen my pickets on that road, and, in conjunction with Robertson's calvary brigade, to prevent the crossing. It was afterward ascertained to be a small force of the enemy's cavalry, which was easily driven by cavalry skirmishers, supported by a line of infantry commanded by Captain London, Thirty-second Regiment. About night we marched through town, taking the Clear Spring road, and went into line of battle the following morning on the left of the army, some 2 miles from town. This position we occupied until the night of the 13th, when we recrossed the Potomac, and I encamped some mile and a half beyond Falling Waters. The next day we marched upon Martinsburg, which place we reached on the 15th. The next morning we took up the line of march for Darkeswille, near which place we remained until the 20th, when we returned to Martinsburg, where we rested during the night. The next day we passed through the town, and commenced tearing up the railroad track some 2 miles from town. Here we received orders to return to Darkesville, at which place, in consequence of sickness, I turned over the command to Colonel Brabble.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JUNIUS DANIEL,

Brigadier-General.

Major G. PEYTON, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 508. Report of Colonel E. C. Brabble, Thirty-second North Carolina Infantry.

DARKESVILLE, W. VA., July 19, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I would respectfully report the part taken by the Thirty-second Regiment North Carolina troops in the action of July 1, 2, and 3, at Gettysburg, Pa. On the first day, about 2. 30 p. m., the regiment was drawn up on the right of the brigade, and, advancing, met, the enemy about 4 o'clock. At the time the regiment became actively engaged, it was near a railroad cut, the right supported by a regiment of Davis' brigade. Beyond the cut was a large stone barn, where the enemy was strongly posted. He had also planted upon a wooded hill between us and town a battery, which thoroughly commanded the ground in our front and about the barn.

