
The brigade made an advance to dislodge him from the barn, but the cut in front of the other regiments was too difficult for them to cross, and the Thirty-second fell back for want of support. After a short time, this regiment charged up to the barn, and dislodged the enemy; but, being unsupported on the right and left, and the battery on the hill opening a terrific fire upon it, it again fell back near the cut. The rest of the brigade having now changed direction, so as to advance without hinderance, the Thirty-second moved up beyond the barn, waiting a few minutes for the troops on the right, advanced near the edge of town, where it joined the other regiments and rested for the night. In its advance it took a considerable number of prisoners; how many I did not stop to ascertain. Its loss during the day was 78-none of them as prisoners. The second day, the Thirty-second was posted behind the theological seminary, as a part of the support to our batteries. It sustained a very heavy fire from the enemy's artillery, and lost many men. The third day, the regiment, with the rest of the brigade, moved to the left and front, to the northeast of Gettysburg, and, being drawn up in line, advanced to the foot of- hill, upon which the enemy was posted. It here sustained a very galling fire from artillery and sharpshooters, losing many men and doing little injury to the enemy. Then in pursuance of orders, it moved farther to the left, and formed on the right of the Forty-third Regiment North Carolina troops, to hold an intrenchment that had been captured. It here lost several men, but, having the enemy at advantage, it did good execution upon him. From this position, it fell back, by orders, about 5 p. m., and a little before midnight it withdrew with the rest of the troops to the range of hills west of Gettysburg. During the engagement, the conduct of the regiment was all I could desire, there being very little time during the three days when it was not perfectly under my control. Both officers and men, with scarcely an exception, did their duty faithfully and unflinchingly. Where all behaved so well, it is difficult to discriminate, yet justice requires that I should mention Captain William L. London. To his skill and gallantry is greatly due whatever of service the regiment may have rendered in the battle. During the three day's fighting, the regiment lost in killed and wounded 147 officers and men. Of the 14 reported missing, 2 have since joined the regiment, and 2 others have been heard from, and are not in the enemy's hands.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. BRABBLE,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain W. M. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Daniel's Brigade.

Numbers 509. Report of Lieutenant Colonel W. G. Lewis, Forty-third North Carolina Infantry.

DARKESVILLE, W. VA., July 19, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with orders received from headquarters, I beg leave to respectfully submit the following report of the part acted by

