
the Forty-third Regiment North Carolina troops in the three days' battle at Gettysburg, Pa.: At about 1 o'clock, July 1, we were drawn up in line of battle, about 1 or 2 1/2 miles from Gettysburg. After brief cannonade by a battery on our left, we were ordered forward. We moved forward about a mile before we encountered the enemy. The Forty-third Regiment was halted in a lane, when the Forty-fifth and Second Battalion moved still farther forward and engaged the enemy. Our position at that time was on the fight of the Forty-fifth, and on the left of the Thirty-second Regiments. We were then ordered to move by the left flank to a position between the Second Battalion and Fifty-third Regiment, with orders to support either on the right or left, as necessity demanded. We remained in that position under a sharp cross-fire for some time, when we were ordered to join on to the left of the battalion and support it. The right of the regiment, in obeying that order, was exposed to a most severe fire in front and on flank, and lost very heavily. Captain [W. C.] Ousby was killed there, while doing his full duty. We remained there but a short time, when we received orders to fall back under cover of the hill, which was done in perfect order. After a short time, and when supports came up on our left, we were ordered to join on with the battalion as before, to swing around the right, and advance toward a battery of the enemy which was pouring a deadly fire into our flanks. We continued to advance, driving the enemy before us, until we came to a railroad cut, which interfered a short while with our advance. At the railroad cut, 400 or 500 prisoners surrendered to the brigade; also several stand of colors were captured, but I am not certain that any were taken by this regiment. After moving a short distance farther in line of battle, we moved by the left flank behind a railroad embankment, where we rested until the following day. On the morning of July 2, we moved to a position on the crest of a hill which the enemy held as their line the day before. Here we remained quiet until about 4 o'clock in the afternoon, when our batteries opened on the enemy's position on the highlights beyond the town, and were vigorously replied to, which subjected the regiment to severe shelling, in which we lost 1 killed and several wounded very severely. About dark, we were ordered forward, and advanced nearly a mile, when we were halted. After remaining there a short time, we were ordered to retire, and took position in a street on the south edge of tho town. We remained there until near daybreak, when we were ordered to the extreme left of our line, to assist General Johnson in an attack on a mountain. We entered the action July 3, about sunrise, on the side of the mountain. We remained in reserve under fire a short time, when we moved by the left flank, and relieved troops who occupied works from which the enemy had been driven. After remaining some time under fire, but not being able to return it, we were ordered to go over the breastworks, and support General Steuart in a charge on the enemy's position. Colonel [T. S.] Kenan carried the left wing over, but Steuart's brigade was repulsed and driven back before the left of our regiment had advanced far enough for the right to join it in the proposed charge. Colonel Kenan was wounded in this charge, and was taken off the field, when the command of the regiment devolved on myself.

