
The left wing remained out of the works some time, exposed to a most severe fire from a battery posted about 400 yards distant, when they were ordered to return to the work. From that time to the time we were ordered to retire, this regiment was exposed to a most severe fire of grape, shrapnel, and shell at short range, and only two companies oh the right had an opportunity to return the fire of the enemy. About 2 o'clock we were ordered to retire, which was executed in first-rate order. We remained in line of battle until about 1 o'clock, when we were ordered to return to a position near the one occupied by us on July 2, which we did. With but one exception-and that an officer-the officers and men behaved remarkably well. There was no straggling from this regiment. Where all acted so well, it is difficult to particularize for good conduct; but Lieutenant [Jesse A.] Macon, Company F, and Lieutenant {W. E.] Stitt, Company B, showed such marked coolness and bravery on the field, that it is just that they should be mentioned. Sergeants [P. B.] Grier, Company B, and [G. W.] Wills, Company D, behaved remarkably well.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. G. LEWIS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Forty-third North Carolina Infantry.

Captain W. M. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 510. Report of Captain J. A. Hopkins, Forty-fifth North Carolina Infantry.

JULY 17, 1863. SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of the Forty-fifth North Carolina Regiment, in the battle of July 1, 2, and 3, near Gettysburg, Pa.: When our line of battle first formed, our position was on the right of the Second North Carolina Battalion, Forty-third, Fifty-third, and Thirty-second North Carolina Regiments on our right. In this order we advanced over a large, open field, during which the Forty-third and Fifty-third were moved to our left, the position of the Forty-fifth then being on the left of the Thirty-second and on the right of the Forty-third North Carolina Regiments. After firing a short time, we were ordered to charge, in which a very gallant one was made, driving the enemy back, but could not reap the benefit of our gallantry, as we would have done had it not been for a deep railroad cut in which about a fourth of the regiment went to the bottom. The remainder fell back some 50 paces. Those who were in the cut soon came out, bringing with them several squads of prisoners, some 20 or 30 in number. The line was then formed on the crest of a hill, where we retained our position, under a heavy fire of grape, canister, and musketry. During the reformation of this line, the regiment suffered more than it ever did in the same length of time. Lieutenants [George F.] Boyd and [W. E.] Harris were killed; Captain P. P. Scales mor-

