
tally wounded; Lieutenant-Colonel [S. H.] Boyd, commanding, wounded; Lieutenant Samuel F. Adams, jr., wounded-refused to go to the rear, but remained until the fight was over. Our killed and wounded among the enlisted men were very heavy. The regiment was next marched by the left flank, and was moved so as to obtain a position perpendicular to the railroad cut, and made a charge on the wood in our front, capturing 188 prisoners in this place and several smaller squads in other places. The flag of the Twentieth North Carolina Regiment was recaptured by Captain A. H. Gallaway, and handed by him to a member of that regiment. We also captured a very fine flag-staff and tassels; the remnants of what had been a fine Yankee flag were lying in different places. The scenes of the day then being over, the regiment retired near the railroad embankment, where we rested during the night. July 2, the line of battle was formed in a beautiful grove, which skirted the northwestern part of the town, near a theological seminary. The position of the Forty-fifth North Carolina Regiment was on the fight of the Forty-third and on the left of the Thirty-second North Carolina Regiments, Major John R. Winston commanding. Though wounded, he remained with the regiment. The fire of the enemy's artillery was very heavy for several hours. The line was somewhat screened by the crest of a small hill. Loss, only 1 killed; 10 or 12 wounded. Late in the evening, the regiment was moved forward nearly half a mile, mostly in an open field, where we were a part of the time under a severe fire of sharpshooters; but, taking warning in time, we escaped their fire by lying down. The line then fell back a short distance, and retired for the night. July 3, the regiment marched very early to support General Johnson. Early in the day, the regiment was ordered over the crest of a hill to some breastworks that had been abandoned by the enemy, the Forty-fifth North Carolina Regiment being on the right and the Forty-third North Carolina Regiment on our left. The three extreme right companies were openly exposed, having no fortification before them. The enemy was on a height, and well fortified. The line of fortification was not parallel with our line of battle, lacking perhaps 15 or 20 degrees, and about half the length of our line in front, and a short [distance] to the right and in rear of this line was another, leaving an open space between the two. In a few minutes after we arrived at the abandoned breastworks, the enemy commenced moving from behind the first line of breastworks to the second. At that time almost every man of the regiment was firing into them as they passed the opening, certainly killing a great number. At times it seemed as if whole masses of them would fall. At one time this continued cross-fire kept up for about five minutes, in which time we killed more than in all our fighting before and after. Our loss was 7 in both killed and wounded. Major Winston severely wounded; Captain [James F.] Hodges severely, Captains A. H. and Thomas S. Gallaway slightly, and Lieutenant [William] Paylor, slightly; Lieutenant James M. Benton killed late in the engagement, after showing as much or more gallantry than any officer in the regiment, though he was only seventeen years of age. The fire was continued until our ammunition gave out. General Daniel being consulted, the Forty-fifth was relieved by the Thirty-second North Carolina Regiment. Then, retiring under the hill, remained there until nearly 11 p. m. The regiment was march back

