
through Gettysburg; built small fortifications during July 4, and marched in the direction of Fairfield the following night. July 6, early in the morning, the regiment was sent to the rear, and to the right of the road we came, and ordered to take position on a hill which was covered with tall wheat. When we arrived there, the enemy had possession of the hill. We found them to be dismounted cavalry, with Confederate uniform in part. Some of the men hesitated to fire at first, but soon being asked to surrender, the fire commenced, and continued until the Yankees were driven back over the hill beyond a fence which was in hedge bushes, where there was a force held in reserve; what amount we did not learn, being then ordered to rejoin our brigade. Officers and men all behaved so well, it would be difficult to say much more for one than for another. Our loss was 1 killed and 3 wounded. *

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. HOPKINS,

Captain, Commanding Forty-fifth North Carolina Regiment.

Captain W. M. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 511. Report of Colonel William A. Owens, Fifty-third North Carolina Infantry. JULY 19, 1863.

SIR: In the engagement at Gettysburg, Pa., my regiment took part in the field as follows: On July 1, I moved from Little Creek to within 2 miles of Gettysburg, and was in line of battle at or about 1 o'clock, when we advanced through an open field, coming in sight of the enemy on the crest. The line moved forward some 200 yards, when I moved by the left flank some 300 yards, under fire. I again moved to the front some 50 or 100 yards, when I was ordered to take my regiment to the support of General Iverson. I again moved by the flank, and brought them into line on the left of the Third Alabama, which was on General Iverson's right. I next moved to the right of the Third Alabama, and moved forward through a wheat-field to within 50 yards of some woods in front. The Third Alabama fell back, leaving my left exposed, and I ordered my regiment back some 50 yards, it at this time being exposed to a fire on both flanks. I changed my front to the right, to face the enemy on the right. I afterward moved ny regiment back to the position on the right of the Third Alabama, which was then going off to the left. I fronted, and moved forward to the woods, where I joined the right of the Twelfth North Carolina Infantry, and moved on through the woods to the railroad embankment, where I halted, and moved by the left to the edge of the town, where I halted and remained during the night. July 2, I was ordered to take position on the right of Colonel O'Neal, commanding Rodes' brigade, behind the railroad embankment, my right resting at a very deep cut. Finding Colonel

---------------

*For casualties July 1-3, see p. 342.

---------------

