
Ohio made a charge on his broken column, not surpassed by veterans, Carlin's battery continuing its destructive fire upon him. The line of the creek was held until dark, then withdrawn nearer to the town, by the order of the general commanding, with subsequent orders to withdraw to the fortifications at 2 a. m. on the 14th. On the morning of the 14th, the One hundred and tenth Ohio was ordered to support Battery L, Fifth U. S. Artillery, posted with a company of the One hundred and sixteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Captain Arckenoe, in an outwork near Pughtown road, and about 1. 500 yards distant from the main fortifications. Upon receipt of orders, I proceeded with the One hundred and twenty-second Ohio to south of the Romney road, and, with the Twelfth West Virginia Volunteer Infantry, from Second Brigade, remained during the day, Carlin's battery and Alexander's Baltimore battery occupying positions by battery or section on the hills in rear of the infantry. Repeated efforts were made to dislodge sharpshooters thrown in advance of a large infantry force occupying the position held by Carlin's battery the afternoon of the 13th. The One hundred and twenty third Ohio was ordered to relieve the One hundred and twenty-second Ohio about 5 p. m. This had been done but a few minutes when the batteries of the enemy opened upon Battery L. I was soon after ordered to withdraw to the fortifications. The Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry was ordered to scout between the Pughtown and Martinsburg roads. Soon after reaching the fortifications, Battery L was captured by the enemy; its support fell back to the fortifications. This battery was well served, and handsomely supported by a single regiment against five or seven regiments (the latter number of stand of colors being carried by the enemy) and two batteries of much heavier caliber. About 1 a. m. on the 15th, it was ordered that the fortifications should be evacuated, artillery spiked, wagons and baggage abandoned, and that the troops with arms and team horses should march to Harper's Ferry. My brigade was ordered in advance, excepting that Third Brigade, Colonel McReynolds commanding, and that the artillery should not be spiked until the troops had marched out. About 2 a. m. on the 15th, my brigade marched in the following order: Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, One hundred and twenty-third Ohio, One hundred and tenth Ohio, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio. The One hundred and sixteenth Ohio did not take the position assigned it in the column, losing the road in the dark, and falling in the rear with the Second Brigade. Proceeding about 4 miles, and at the junction of the Martinsburg and Harper's Ferry road, I found the enemy, General Rodes' division, as I learned from a prisoner taken, ready to dispute my advance. I at once formed line of battle in the following order: One hundred and tenth Ohio, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio, One hundred and twenty-third Ohio, sending my assistant adjutant-general, Captain [J. Elliot] Jacobs, to report the facts to the general commanding. I ordered an attack, hoping that I might drive the enemy back and continue my march by the left flank until the troops in rear could be brought up to support my line. This was partially successful. The One hundred and tenth Ohio drove the enemy from the caissons of a battery, but had not sufficient support to hold them against his overpowering numbers. The One hundred and twenty-third Ohio was detached from my line by the orders of

