
I cannot fail to commend the officers and men of the Twelfth North Carolina for the steady retention of their position, and for their bold advance without supports into the woods occupied by the enemy. I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

ALFRED IVERSON,

Brigadier-General.

Major H. A. WHITING, Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR DARKESVILLE W. VA., July 17, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on July 4 my brigade was moved, by order received from Colonel [Abner] Smead, corps inspector, from Gettysburg, to escort a wagon train in the direction of Hagerstown, on the Fairfield road. The train having started some time in advance of me, I did not overtake it till midnight, at which time I learned that it had been cut in two by the enemy at the turnpike. I hastened forward all my troops in the most fatiguing march I ever witnessed, reached the turnpike about dawn, captured a few of the enemy, for the remnant of the train out on the turnpike, and, when Lieutenant General A. P. Hill's corps came up, moved down the mountain and went into camp. Reached Hagerstown next day [6th], where I found the enemy engaged with our cavalry. Sent the train back to the rear, deployed skirmishers, fixed an ambuscade, and I believe killed, wounded, and captured as many of the enemy as I had men. My loss was 3 killed and 6 wounded. Drove the enemy through Hagerstown, and marched to within 2 miles of Williamsport that night, in support of Major-General Stuart's cavalry, which had come up during the fight. Next day [7th], entered Williamsport, and turned over the train, Seeing great confusion, I assumed the duties of provost-marshal, and used my brigade for several days as guards, &amp;c., when my connection with the brigade ceased.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED EVERSON,

Brigadier-General.

Major H. A. WHITING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 514. Reports of Brigadier General George Doles, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.

HEADQUARTERS DOLES' BRIGADE, July 19, 1863.

MAJOR: This brigade was formed into line of battle about 1 p. m. July 1, in front of gettysburg. Pa. We occupied the left of Major-General Rodes' division. The enemy's cavalry picket appearing in force on our front and left flank, skirmishers from this command were ordered to dislodge him. After a short engagement, he was driven from his position, when we occupied his position (a hill to our left), about 3. 30 p. m.

