
The enemy moved his force from our front, made a strong demonstration on our left, driving our skirmishers from the hill from which we had driven him. The command was then moved by the left flank, to meet any attack the enemy might attempt on our left and rear. We found the enemy strongly posted, with infantry and artillery, on the hill from which our skirmishers had been driven. The brigade of General Gordon, o Major-General Early's division, having made a conjunction with our left, we moved forward to attack the enemy in his position. Our effort was successful. He was driven from behind a rock fence, with heavy loss in killed and wounded, and a large number of prisoners sent to our rear. We suffered severely from the enemy's batteries and musketry in this attack. While we were in pursuit of the enemy, a strong force of the enemy appeared on my right flank and rear. We changed our front to meet this force. General Gordon continued the pursuit of the enemy toward the town. We met the force on our right, attacked and routed him, pursuing him across the plain in front of Gettysburg. But few of this force escaped us. We then moved toward the theological college, to the right of Gettysburg, where the brigades of Generals Daniel, Ramseur, Iverson, and Colonel O'Neal were engaged with the enemy. As we advanced toward the enemy, our position at that time being on his right flank, the enemy withdrew his forces from the college hill to the railroad. We then moved rapidly by the left flank, to cut him off from the town. We then moved rapidly by the left flank, to cut him off from the town. We did not succeed, as he retired faster than we advanced. We followed through the town as far as the outer edge of town, when I received an order to halt the column, and to form line of battle in the street running east and west through the town. We remained in line here until about 8 p. mp. July 2, when we moved by the right flank, forming line and advancing toward the enemy's position on Cemetery Hill. This column of attack was composed of Generals Ramseur's, Iverson's, and this brigade. We moved forward until the line arrived within 100 yards of the enemy's line. After consulting with Generals Ramseur and Iverson, the line was ordered to fall back to a dirt road some 300 yards to the rear. We remained in this position until 1 a. m. July 4. We were then ordered to fall back to the heights near the theological college, This command was actively engaged in heavy skirmishing during July 2, 3, and 4. In the action of July 1, Lieutenant-Colonel [D. R. E.] Winn was killed and Lieutenant-Colonel [S. P.] Lumpkin fell, severely wounded (leg since amputated), while gallantly leading their respective regiments in a charge against the enemy. To Colonel Edward Willis and Major Isaac Hardeman, of the Twelfth Georgia Regiment; Colonel J. T. MERCER, Lieutenant Colonel T. W. Hooper, and Major T. C. Glover, of the Twenty-first Georgia Regiment; Major W. H. Willis, of the Fourth Georgia Regiment, and Major W. H. Peebles, Forty-fourth Georgia Regiment, I attribute the success of this command. The conduct and gallantry of each of these officers on the march and during the engagements around Gettysburg are worthy of emulation. The company officers and men all did their duty nobly. To Captain [S. G.] Pryor, Twelfth Georgia; Captain [Joseph B.] Reese, Forty-fourth Georgia; Lieutenant {Jeremiah G.] Stephens,

