
Numbers 515. Report of Major W. H. Willis, Fourth Georgia Infantry.

JULY 19, 1863.

CAPTAIN: On the morning of July 1, while on the march from Heidlersburg to Gettysburg, Pa., artillery firing was heard in our front. A quick march soon brought us to the neighborhood of Gettysburg, when this regiment was at once placed in line of battle (say at 12 o'clock), the enemy making a demonstration in our front at the same time. This command advanced to the attack upon the enemy with its usual gallantry, led by the brave and chivalrous Colonel. Winn. The enemy was a little stubborn, but soon gave way, with considerable loss; rallied, and tried a flank movement, which was intercepted and repelled by a counter movement and gallant charge from our troops, driving him ingloriously from the field with heavy loss. The result was the capture and occupation of the town by our forces, where this command was posted until late in the evening of the 2d, when our position was changed to the south side of the town, and again changed to the heights, some half mile distant, on the morning of the 4th. Heavy skirmishing was kept up the whole time by our pickets, with but small loss to us. These movements were all made in connection with the brigade. Appended is a list of casualties. * We have to lament the death of Lieutenant Colonel D. R. E. Winn, who fell early in the first day's engagement. Gallant and brave to a fault, his loss is a severe one to this command, his country, family, and friends. Those who knew him best could best appreciate his worth and best realize the loss we have sustained. This command maintained its good name, won upon other fields, during the whole operations in the enemy's country. It would be invidious to discriminate when all did so well.

Respectfully submitted.

W. H. WILLIS,

Major, Commanding Fourth Georgia Infantry.

Captain F. T. SNEAD, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 516. Report of Colonel John T. Mercer, Twenty-first Georgia Infantry.

JULY 19, 1863.

CAPTAIN: On the evening of July 1, at about 4 o'clock, Doles' brigade was drawn up in line of battle on the north side of gettysburg, Pa., in the following order, viz: Twenty-first Georgia, Forty-fourth Georgia, Fourth Georgia, and Twelfth Georgia. After advancing a short distance obliquely to the left and front, it was observed that the enemy were advancing in strong force on our extreme right,

---------------

*Embodied in Doles' report, p. 583.

---------------

