
Numbers 518. Report of Brig. General S. D. Ramseur, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.

HEADQUARTERS RAMSEUR'S BRIGADE July 30, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with orders from division headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the action of July 1, 2, and 3, near Gettysburg, Pa.: July 1, in rear of the division train, as a guard on the march from Heidlesburg to Gettysburg. My brigade arrived on the field after the division had formed line of battle. I was then held in reserve to support General Doles, on the left; Colonel O'Neal, left center, of General Iverson, on the right center, according to circumstances. After resting about fifteen minutes, I received orders to send two regiments to the support of Colonel O'Neal, and with the remaining two to support Iverson. I immediately detached the Second and Fourth North Carolina troops to support O'Neal, and with the Fourteenth and Thirtieth hastened to the support of Iverson. I found three regiments of Iverson's command almost annihilated, and the Third Alabama Regiment coming out of the fight from Iverson's right. I requested Colonel [C. A.] Battle, Third Alabama, to join me, which he cheerfully did. With these regiments (third Alabama, Fourteenth and Thirtieth North Carolina), I turned the enemy's strong position in a body of woods, surrounded by a stone fence, by attacking en masse on his right flank, driving him back, and getting in his rear. At the time of my advance on the enemy's right, I sent to the commanding officer of the Twelfth North Carolina, of Iverson's brigade, to push the enemy in front. This was done. The enemy seeing his right flank turned, made but feeble resistance to the front attack, but ran off the field in the confusion, leaving his killed and wounded and between 800 and 900 prisoners in our hands. The enemy was pushed through Gettysburg to the heights beyond, when I received an order to halt, and form line of battle in a street in Gettysburg running east and west. To Colonel [F. M.] Parker, Thirtieth North Carolina; Colonel [R. Tyler] Bennett, Fourteenth North Carolina; Colonel [Byran] Grimes, Fourth North Carolina, and Major [D. W.] Hurtt, Second North Carolina, my thanks are due for the skill and gallantry displayed by them in this day's fight. Lieutenant [F. M.] Harney, Fourteenth North Carolina troops, commanding sharpshooters, deserves especial praise for his daring conduct. We whipped a Yankee regiment (One hundred and fiftieth Pennsylvania) with his sharpshooters, and took their regimental colors from them with his own hands. Colonel Battle, with the Third Alabama, rendered brilliant and invaluable service. Attaching his regiment to my command on his own responsibility, he came in at the right place, at the right time, and in the right way. July 2, remained in line of battle all day, with very heavy skirmishing in front. At dark, I received an order from Major-General Rodes to move by the right flank until Brigadier-General Doles' troops cleared the town, and them to advance in line of battle on the enemy's position on the Cemetery Hill. Was told that the remaining brigades of the division would be governed by my movements.

