
Numbers 519. Report of Captain Orren Williams, Second North Carolina Infantry.

---- --, [1863.]

SIR: The Second Regiment North Carolina troops, Major D. W. Hurtt commanding, went into action July 1, 1863, near the town of Gettysburg, Pa., about 1 p. m. After maneuvering on the field about half an hour, its commander (Major Hurtt) was wounded, and he de livered the command of the regiment to Captain [James T.] Scales, the senior captain present. While advancing through the field fronting the railroad, the regiment received a flank fire from the enemy, posted behind a stone fence on our right, but he was soon driven from his position by the thirtieth and Fourteenth Regiments. The regiment continued to advance, and the enemy retreated into the town. Our sharpshooters being in front of the regiment, prevented our firing upon the enemy in his retreat. The officers and men, as usual, acted well. We lost no colors and captured none; but we captured a goodly number of prisoners.

Respectfully submitted.

ORDEN WILLIAMS,

Captain, Comdg. Second Regiment North Carolina Troops.

Numbers 520. Report of Colonel Bryan Grimes, Fourth North Carolina Infantry.

JULY 19, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with orders, I have the honor of submitting the following report as the part taken by the Fourth Regiment North Carolina State troops, under my command, in the engagements around Gettysburg, Pa.: On Wednesday, July 1, we were encamped near Heidlersburg, and were under arms and on the march by sunrise. About 4 p. m. arrived near the battle-field, and formed in line of battle, being on the left of our brigade. After resting a few minutes, were ordered to advance in line of battle, which was soon countermanded, and then moved by the right flank. After proceeding a few hundred yards, this regiment, together with the Second, were recalled by Major-General Rodes, and posted on a hill to repel any attack from that quarter, an at that time there were indications of an advance on the part of the enemy. This position was parallel with the road, down which the other two regiments of our brigade had moved. After a very few minutes-the enemy not advancing, and a regiment of theirs had been seen obliquing to the left instead of advancing toward us-General Rodes ordered me with the Second Regiment to advance. After getting from under cover of the hill, we were exposed to a severe, galling, and enfilading fire from a woods to our right, which compelled me to change front toward the right. We then advanced upon the enemy, joining our brigade, and driving them in great confusion, and, but for the fatiguing and exhausting

