
the general commanding, an aide-de-camp, Captain [Zebulon] Baird, giving the order to the regiment direct. Since then I have seen nothing of the regiment. The Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, as soon as fired upon, left my column without orders. I have heard that the One hundred and sixteenth Ohio and detachments from other regiments marched into Pennsylvania. The records of the command having been abandoned, and the One hundred and sixteenth Ohio, excepting 1 commissioned officer and 29 enlisted men; the One hundred and twenty-third Ohio; the Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry; Carlin's battery, excepting 1 lieutenant and 5 enlisted men; Battery L, Fifth U. S. Artillery, excepting 1 lieutenant and 2 men, not having joined, a complete list of killed, wounded, and missing cannot be furnished. The conduct of the troops was as good as could be expected against the overwhelming numbers of the enemy. When Battery L was captured, nearly every horse was killed or wounded. Prisoners were taken from several divisions of Ewell's corps of veteran troops. The officers of my staff rendered me every assistance. First Lieutenant Shaw, One hundred and tenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, aide-de-camp, had his horse shot under him. First Lieutenant F. A. Nims, First New York Cavalry, was probably captured. Annexed is the strength of my brigade present, and herewith I inclose reports of regimental commanders and Lieutenant Spooner, of Battery L, Fifth U. S. Artillery.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. Elliot,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Major John O. Cravens, A. A. G., 2nd Div., 8th Army Corps.

[Inclosure.]

Strength present of First Brigade, Second Division, Eighth Army Corps.

COMMAND	Officers	Enlisted

men

General staff	 3	 ----

110th Ohio. 	 19	 304

116th Ohio	 1	 29

122nd Ohio. 	 15	 365

123rd Ohio. 	 ----	 ---

Total	 38	 698

Battery D, First West Virginia Artillery	 1 	 5

12th Pennsylvania Cavalry	 ---	 ----

13th Pennsylvania Cavalry	 20 	 301

Brigade total	 59	 1004

Aggregate	 ----	 1063

W. L. Elliot,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Baltimore, Md., June 16, 1863.

Respectfully submitted with the following remarks: I did not give the order for the One hundred and twenty-third Ohio to be detached from General Elliott on the battle-field Monday, June 15, and Captain Baird informs me that he received no such order from me; that he gave no such order to Colonel Wilson or any other officer of that regiment.

R. H. Milroy.

