
march of the day, would have succeeded in capturing a very large number of prisoners. As it was, we captured more by far than the number of men in the command; but the troops were too exhausted to move rapidly, as they could otherwise have done. We were the first to enter the town of Gettysburg, and halted to rest on the road leading to Fairfield. We remained in that position during that night and Thursday. On Thursday evening, about dusk, we advanced to make a night attack upon the enemy's works; but when we had approached to within a few hundred yards, and drawn the fire of their pickets, which wounded several of my men, we were recalled, and placed in the road, where we remained until 3 a. m. on Saturday morning, at times subjected to severe cannonading, when we were taken to the crest of the hill in our rear, which position we retained until Sunday morning [4th], when we were withdrawn. Too much cannot be said in praise of both officers and men of my command. all conducted themselves (with a few exceptions) most admirably. Appended is the list of casualties during the engagement. *

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRYAN GRIMES,

Colonel Fourth North Carolina State Troops.

Captain SEATON GALES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 521. Report of Major J. H. Lambeth, Fourteenth North Carolina Infantry.

NEAR DARKESVILLE, W. VA., July 19 1863.

SIR: The following report of the action of the Fourteenth North Carolina troops in the recent engagement at and around Gettysburg, Pa., commencing on Wednesday, July 1, is respectfully submitted: On July 1, about 2 p. m., the command was moved to the front, and engaged the enemy, driving in their sharpshooters and skirmishers, and advanced on the strong positions behind stone walls and other well-selected obstructions, completely routing them, killing, wounding, and capturing an immense number of the enemy, driving them through the town of Gettysburg to their fortified heights on the eastern side of the town. The men being so much fatigued by the eastern side of the town. The men being so much fatigued by the forced march of 14 miles on the morning before entering the field, the pursuit was discontinued. The command remained in town in line of battle during the night and until late in the evening of the succeeding day, when the command was moved to the extreme right of the division, where it connected with General A. P. Hill's left, and remained in line, occupying an old road entering the town on the southeast side. Remained there until the morning of the 4th, all of which time we were exposed to the fire from the enemy's batteries. Our sharpshooters in front were constantly engaged. On the morning of the 4th, our position was changed to a more formidable one at the theological seminary, which position we occu-

---------------

*Not found; but see p. 342.

---------------

