
pied until the morning of the 5th, when the line of march was again resumed in the direction of Haderstown. Our loss during the entire engagement was 5 killed, 39 wounded, and 1 missing. * Officers killed and wounded; By. Second Lieutenant J. A. Griffith, killed July 1; First Lieutenant F. M. Harney, Company F, mortally wounded July 1, died July 2; Colonel R. T. Bennett, commanding, and By. Second Lieutenant J. D. McLester, wounded on July 3, at which time the command devolved upon myself. Where both officers and men did their duty so well, it would be unjust to discriminate.

J. H. LAMBETH,

Major, Commanding Fourteenth North Carolina Troops.

Captain [SEATON] GALES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 522. Report of Major W. W. Sillers, Thirtieth North Carolina Infantry.

JULY 19, 1863.

SIR: The part taken by the Thirtieth Regiment North Carolina troops in the battle of Gettysburg having been under the eye of Brigadier-General Ramseur, it is unnecessary to go into details. The regiment (excepting s=as to its sharpshooters) was actively engaged only during the early part of the afternoon of Wednesday, July 1. It participated in the charge upon the enemy which resulted in driving him from a strong position behind a stone wall on elevated ground to the plain below in front of Gettysburg. After this, the enemy made but faint show of resistance until safe behind stone walls and intrenchments on the heights above the town. We sustained some losses during Thursday and Friday, chiefly among sharpshooters. The regiment went into the fight under the command of Colonel F. M. Parker, who was severely wounded after the stone wall was taken. We neither lost nor captured a flag during the engagement. Our loss was 6 killed, 36 wounded, and 5 missing, making a total of 47. *

Respectfully submitted.

W. W. SILLERS,

Major, Commanding Thirtieth North Carolina Troops.

Captain [SEATON] GALES.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 523. Report of Colonel E. A. O'Neal, Twenty-sixth Alabama Infantry, commanding Rodes' brigade.

HEADQUARTERS RODES' BRIGADE, July 24, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit a report of the operations of this brigade since June 4, the day we broke up camp at Santee, Caroline County, Va.

---------------

*But see p. 342.

---------------

