
The brigade left Grace Church, Caroline County, Va., on June 4, at 4 o'clock, and arrived at Culpeper Court-House on the 7th. On June 9, I was ordered to put my brigade under arms, and shortly afterward moved rapidly to Brandy Station, to support General Stuart's cavalry, there hotly engaged with the enemy. The enemy commenced retreating as we arrived on the ground, and we did not become engaged. That night we bivouacked on the farm of the Honorable John M. Botts. Resumed the march next day, and arrived at Berryville on the 13th, after a rapid and toilsome march. Here the enemy made demonstrations as if they intended to give us battle; but when we formed line of battle (my brigade being in the center of the division and immediately confronting the town and the enemy's works), and when we advanced, they precipitately retired, leaving their tents, camps, and a great many valuables in our hands. In the course of a few hours, I was ordered to put the brigade in motion, and arrived in front of Martinsburg on June 14. I was ordered to form on the right General Iverson, my left resting on the turnpike road, and my right in supporting distance of Colonel Carter's battery, there hotly engaging the enemy, and immediately in front of the town. The enemy shelled us furiously for a few moments, But were soon silenced by the accurate and splendid firing of Carter's artillery. I ordered the column to advance, and, after passing over a number of stone fences and very rough ground, entered the town about dark, and found six pieces of artillery, which the enemy in their flight had left on the public square. A guard was placed over these, and [they were] afterward turned over to Colonel Carter, who entered the town with me, and was present. Resumed the march on the 15th, and, after resting at Williamsport two days (on the south bank of the Potomac), we crossed into Maryland on the 18th, and arrived at Carlisle, Pa., on the 27th, halting at Hagerstown and other places on the road. On June 30, I was ordered to move in the direction of Gettysburg, and arrived near the town July 1. The enemy being in heavy force between the division and the town, I was ordered to form to the right of the road and immediately in rear of our batteries, there engaging the enemy. A severe engagement between a portion of Colonel Carter's artillery and the enemy's here took place, which lasted for more than an hour. While lying here, and awaiting orders to advance, Captain [T. R.]Lightfoot, of the Sixth Alabama, and several privates, were wounded by the enemy's shell. Our artillery having been withdrawn, we were ordered forward (that is, the Sixth, Twelfth, and Twenty-sixth Alabama Regiments), and found the enemy strongly posted and in heavy force, and, after a desperate and bloody fight of about half an hour, we were compelled to fall back. The Third Alabama (Colonel Battle), on the right of the brigade, was ordered by General Rodes to connect with the brigade of General Daniel, on my right, and the Fifth Alabama (Colonel Hall), on the left. General Rodes said he would command in person, so that I only moved forward with the Twelfth, Twenty-sixth, and Sixth Alabama Regiments. Why my brigade was thus deprived of two regiments, I have never been informed. We were compelled to fall back, as the regiment on the extreme left, being flanked by a superior force of the enemy, gave way. It

