
was impossible to hold the position we had gained, as the enemy had the advantage in numbers and position. In a few minutes after we had fallen back, General Ramseur with his brigade arrived. I had sent my aide (Lieutenant [A. H.] Pickett) for him before I gave the order to fall back. An advantage and charge was immediately ordered. Captain [C. W.] Fry moved up his battery, and by his energy, coolness, and skill aided materially in driving the enemy across the plain and through and beyond the town. We drove (in connection with the other brigade of the division) the enemy through the town and to the heights beyond it. The greater portion of my brigade had passed through the town, and I had ordered up some pieces of artillery and had formed my brigade, and, in conjunction with General Doles, was in the act of charging the hill, when I was recalled, and ordered to form my brigade beyond the railroad. Here I rested that night and the next day. About dusk on the evening of July 2, I was ordered to advance, and, after moving forward some distance, was recalled and placed in the town to bivouac for the night. About 2 a. m. on July 3, I was ordered to move to the left of our lines, to re-enforce General Edward Johnson, and arrived there at daylight, and was soon under a severe fire of artillery and infantry, but did not actively engage the foe until 8 a. m., when I was ordered to attack the works of the enemy, strongly posted in a long fort on the spur of the mountain. The attack was made with great spirit by the Sixth, Twelfth, Twenty-sixth, and Third Alabama Regiments, under their respective commanders, Captain Bowie, Colonel Pickens, Lieutenant-Colonel Goodgame, and Colonel Battle. The brigade moved forward in fine style, under a terrific fire of grape and small-arms, and gained a hill near the enemy's works, which it held for three hours, exposed to a murderous fire. Officers and men fought bravely, and held their ground until ordered to fall back with the entire line. We retired behind the hill, where we remained, under an incessant fire of artillery and musketry, till 12 o'clock at night, when I was ordered to withdraw and join my division. I joined the division in rear of the town, on the hill near the enemy, and was ordered to occupy the hill to the left of the railroad and fortify, which I did during Saturday, July 4. At 1 o'clock on the morning of the 5th, we commenced falling back toward Hagerstown, where we arrived on the 7th, and offered battle to the enemy for three days, which he declined. In the marches and actions, the officers and men bore fatigue and privation with patience and fortitude, and fought with a gallantry and courage for which they are distinguished, and which has attracted the praise and admiration of all. On July 23, after a fatiguing march from Winchester to Front Royal, I was ordered forward to aid General Wright, at Manassas Gap, in repelling a large cavalry and infantry force of the enemy. The brigade was drawn up on the crest of a hill in rear of Wright's (Georgia) brigade, and was deployed as skirmishers. About 3 o'clock, the Fifth, Sixth, and a part of the Twenty-sixth Alabama Regiments, with the corps of sharpshooters under Major Blackford, assisted in repelling three separate and distinct charges of the enemy. The enemy moved to the assault in three lines of battle, and were repulsed, with little loss on our side.

