
Shortly after dark, I was ordered to call in my skirmishers, and to withdraw from the ground we had held during the evening. Inclosed you will find the reports of regimental commanders; also a report from Major Blackford, commanding corps of sharpshooters. This latter report was made by my order, as during the operations of the brigade on Friday, July 3, when we were sent to the left to re-enforce General Johnson, Major Blackford, with his corps of sharpshooters, was left in Gettysburg, together with the Fifth Alabama Regiment, to hold the town and annoy the enemy. How well they performed this duty, the report of Major Blackford and the confessions of the enemy will show.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD A. O'NEAL,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major H. A. WHITING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 524. Report of Lieutenant Colonel C. Forsyth, Third Alabama Infantry, of operations June 4-22.

NEAR HAGERSTOWN, MD., July 9, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to orders, I herewith submit a report of the action of this regiment from the time it left camp at Santee, Caroline County, Va., up to Greencastle, Pa., at which point Colonel Battle joined the regiment and assumed command. I received orders on the morning of June 4 to put the regiment in motion, and marched with the brigade to Culpeper Court-House, reaching that place on the 7th. The first day's march was rapid, and severe on the men, and a great number were made foot-sore, and nearly broken down. On the morning of the 9th, the regiment was put in line of battle to support General Stuart's cavalry, and on the next day resumed the march toward the Valley. Reaching Berryville, I was ordered in line of battle and advanced through the town, the enemy having retired before us. From this point we moved on Martinsburg, getting into position about 6 p. m. on the 14th. After being under shelling for a few moments, I was ordered forward, and, with the rest of the brigade, occupied the town shortly after dark. The march was resumed on the 15th, moving to the Potomac River crossed at Williamsport, and reached Greencastle, Pa., on June 22.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

C. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Lieutenant] S. H. MOORE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 525. Report of Colonel C. A. Battle, Third Alabama Infantry, of operations June 22-July 9.

NEAR HAGERSTOWN, MD., July 9, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I resumed command of this (the Third Alabama) regiment at Greencastle, Pa., on the 22nd ultimo. From that point

