
the regiment proceeded without the occurrence of anything worthy of remark until the morning of the 1st instant, when it was formed in line of battle on the right of Rodes' brigade. Just before the advance was ordered, I received instructions to move with General Daniel, who was on my right, and keep upon his alignment. These instructions were followed until Daniel moved to the support of Iverson, when their longer observance became impracticable. I then sent an officer to General Daniel for orders, who on his return reported to me that General Daniel said that he had no orders for me, and that I must act on my own responsibility. I at once moved up upon the right of General Ramseur, then advancing to the attack, and offered him my regiment. The offer was accepted, and my command acted under this gallant officer in a charge which drove the enemy from one of his strongholds, and then rejoined Rodes' brigade. This regiment did not engage the enemy on the 2nd instant, but remained in position on the right of the brigade. On the morning of the 3rd instant, the regiment moved with the brigade to the left, and acted with General Johnson's division. At 4. 30 a. m. I advanced, and attacked the enemy in strong position. A furious combat continued until 11 o'clock, when I withdrew, by order of General Johnson. The conduct of officers and men during the period embraced in this report is considered highly commendable. I am indebted to Lieutenant-Colonel forsyth and Major [R. M.] Sands for valuable assistance during the late military operations. Accompanying this report is a list* of the killed, wounded, and missing of this regiment in the engagement near Gettysburg, Pa.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CULLEN A. BATTLE,

Colonel Third Alabama Regiment.

[Lieutenant] S. H. MOORE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 526. Report of Colonel J. M. Hall, Fifth Alabama Infantry.

NEAR HAGERSTOWN, MD., July 9, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of the Fifth Alabama Regiment since leaving Grace Church, Va.: The regiment left camp, near Grace Church, Caroline County, Va., June 4, and arrived at Culpeper Court-House on the 7th. On June 9, it was moved to support Major-General Stuart, then engaging the enemy's cavalry near Brandy Station, but the enemy was driven back before the regiment was engaged. On June 10, the line of march was resumed, and on the 13th the command reached Berryville, in the Valley of Virginia, when the enemy posted there fled on the approach of our troops. On the next day, the command was moved forward, and arrived at Martinsburg about dark. The enemy stationed at Martinsburg moved off before the infantry became engaged.

---------------

*Not found; but see p. 342.

---------------

