
On the 15th, the command moved to Williamsport, and rested four days; then moved forward through the following places at the times respectively specified: Hagerstown, Md., June 19; Greencastle, Pa., June 22; Chambersburg, Pa., June 24; Shippensburg, Pa., June 26; Carlisle, June 27. The regiment reached Gettysburg, Pa., by way of Petersburg from Carlisle, Pa., July 1, where the enemy was actually encountered for the first time at the battle of Gettysburg. The brigade was moved in line of battle, the movement commencing about 2 miles from the town, the right resting nearer to and in the direction of the enemy. The brigade moved 1 1/2 miles at a right wheel; hence the Fifth Alabama Regiment, being on the left of the brigade, was compelled to move very rapidly-frequently at a run. It is but just to state that the ground was very rough. In places the regiment moved through full-grown wheat, in others over plowed ground, through orchards, gardens, over wood and stone fences, which, with the rapidity of the march, fatigued the men, causing many of them to faint from exhaustion. When within 500 yards of the enemy, the four regiments on my right were ordered forward, and the Fifth Alabama Regiment was halted in reserve, to protect the right flank of General Doles and the left flank of that part of Rodes' brigade which was then advancing. After resting in this position a half hour, orders were sent to me to advance on the enemy, composed of two heavy lines of infantry in front and a line of sharpshooters, supported by infantry and artillery, on my left flank. The enemy in front was engaged by the right wing, the left having been thrown back at right angles with the rest of the line, to engage the flanking party. The regiment fought in this position until I was informed that the troops on the right were falling back, when I ordered a retrograde movement to the position I previously occupied. This was done the more conscientiously because the odds opposed were very great, and my command was under a front and enfilading fire, with no support, and suffering a very severe loss. After the enemy was driven through the town, the command was posted in rear of the railroad, which position was held, though subject to a constant and severe shelling, until late on the evening of July 2, when the command was ordered forward to support a line of battle in front. This movement was prosecuted until orders came to fall back on the Cashtown road; that is, the regiment occupied that street in Gettysburg which is a continuation of the Cashtown road. This position was occupied all night, the men lying on their arms. The next morning all of the brigade was ordered to General Edward Johnson, excepting the Fifth Alabama Regiment, which was reserved to guard the streets of Gettysburg. At 3 p. m. I was ordered to report to General Doles. Was posted on his left, and remained in line of battle until 12 o'clock at night, when I received orders to report to my brigade, which had then returned to Rodes' division. On the morning of July 4, the march was resumed, and the command reached Hagerstown, Md., without any further engagement. I would respectfully state that the general conduct of my command was all that I could desire. I would beg to mention the names of the following officers, who were conspicuous for their gallantry and courage: Captain T. M. Riley, in command of the right wing; Captains E. B. Moseley and J. MGilchrist; Lieutenants Burton Goode, John A.

