
Kirkland, E. P. Jones, and J. F. Christian. Adjt. C. I. Pegues acted with conspicuous gallantry. Many brave men were killed. Lieutenant [Albert J.] Wilcox, a most gallant officer, was killed on the field. The entire less was-

Officers &amp; men	Killed	Wounded	Missing	 Total

Commissioned officers	 1	 11	 3	 15

Enlisted men	 20	 110	 64 	 194

TOTAL*	 21	 121	 67	 209

Respectfully, &c.,

J. M. HALL, Colonel,

Commanding Fifty Alabama Regiment.

Lieutenant S. H. MOORE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Rodes' Brigade.

Numbers 527. Reports of Major Eugene Blackford, Fifth Alabama Infantry.

DARKESVILLE, W. VA., July 17, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the action of the corps of sharpshooters under my command during the battle of July 1, 2, and 3: The corps was deployed 2 miles from Gettysburg, with the left resting upon the Heidlersburg pike. After receiving instructions from General Rodes to keep connected with those on my right, and feel for General Early's advance on the left, I moved steadily forward upon the town, driving in the cavalry vedettes, posted in the road and on commanding hills. About half a mile from the suburbs, a large force of cavalry was observed in line, with a heavy line of men dismounted as skirmishers. The former charged us twice, but were easily repulsed. After an hour or more of active skirmishing, the enemy's infantry advanced in force through the town, and, under cover of a cloud of skirmishers, moved upon our batteries. The right company of my command annoyed these very much, holding their position steadily until our infantry came up. Against the center there was no movement by any force heavier than a double line of sharpshooters, when our men invariably drove back, charging them once in gallant style. On the extreme left, the enemy advanced in three lines, and drove in my men there posted behind the tress. These retired, firing from tree to tree until they met Gordon's brigade advancing, after which they were rallied on the center at the sound of my bugle. The whole command then moved up the pike, and, passing through the town, took up its position on the left of Ramseur's brigade, then lying in

---------------

*But see p. 342.

---------------

