
Numbers 528. Report of Captain M. L. Bowie, Sixth Alabama Infantry.

HAGERSTOWN, July 9, 1863.

SIR: In pursuance of orders, the following report is respectfully submitted: The regiment, having been on picket below Fredericksburg for two days (

June 2 and 3), took up line of march in the direction of Culpeper Court-House, Va., at 2 a. m.

June 4, and made Raccoon Ford, where it encamped for the night.

June 5. -Continued the march, and encamped that night 5 miles beyond the Rapidan River, between Orange Court-House and Culpeper Court-House, where it remained one day.

June 7. -Made a heavy march; Passed through Culpeper Court-House, and encamped 2 miles on the north side of the town.

June 8. -Rested all day.

June 9. -At 10. a. m. was ordered to Beverly Ford, to aid in sustaining a portion of the cavalry of General Stuart, engaged with the enemy. Moved to the scene of action in double-quick time, and formed for battle. The cavalry having driven the enemy across the river, no infantry became engaged, and at 7 p. m. the regiment went into camp for the night.

June 10. -Renewed the march toward the Valley, and encamped that night at Hazel River.

June 11. -Marched to Flint Hill, at foot of Blue Ridge Mountains, and went into camp.

June 12. -Crossed over the Blue Ridge at Chester Gap; passed through Front Royal, Va., crossed the Shenandoah Rived, and encamped that night within 16 miles of Berryville, Va.

June 13. -Arrived before Berryville at 12. 30 p. m. and, having formed line of battle, aided in capturing the town, from which the enemy's main force had precipitately fled. The regiment then rested a couple of hours, continued the march, and went into camp for the night within 8 miles of Smithfield, Va.

June 14. -Continued the march through Smithfield and Bunker Hill, Va., and arrived before Martinsburg late in the afternoon. I'm mediately formed line of battle, and assisted in repulsing the enemy and capturing the place. That same night the regiment was taken into the town, and placed in charge of prisoners, store-houses, and provisions.

June 16. and 17. -The regiment performed provost duty at Martinsburg.

June 17. -Left Martinsburg, and marched to the south bank of the Potomac, and encamped near the river, opposite Williamsport, Md.

June 18. -Lay in camp all day.

June 19. -Crossed the Potomac at Williamsport, Md., and, marching through Hagerstown, Md., went into camp on the bank of the Antietam Creek, opposite Funkstown, Md., where we remained two days in camp. June 22. -Resumed line of march, and proceeded as far as Greencastle, Pa., where we remained in camp the next day.

June 24. -Marched to Chambersburg, Pa., where we went into camp and remained one day.

