
Numbers 387.

Reports of Colonel J. Warren Keifer, One hundred and tenth Ohio Infantry, of operations June 13-15.

Harper's Ferry, W. VA., June 16, 1863.

Captain: In compliance with an order from Brigadier General W. L. Elliott, I have to report the following operations of my command on June 13, 14, and 15: On the morning of the 13th instant, I was ordered with my regiment to march upon the Cedar Creek road. Arriving at Union Mills, on the Strasburg road, it was ascertained that the enemy was in force upon the Strasburg road, at or near Kernstown. About 10 a. m., under the direction of General Elliott, I marched my regiment to the right of the Strasburg road, accompanied by one section of Carlin's battery, commanded by Lieutenant Theaker, and make a reconnaissance. I moved at once up the Strasburg road, forming my infantry upon the right and center, artillery in the center, and cavalry upon the left. The infantry upon the right was commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Foster, and in the center by Major Binkley. After proceeding about 1 mile, the infantry and cavalry skirmishers became closely engaged with the enemy's advance. The enemy were driven back to a woods upon the left. I immediately withdrew the cavalry skirmishers, who were beginning to suffer severely from the enemy's sharpshooters, and placed my artillery in position, and shelled the woods, where the enemy were concealed in large force. After a few moments' brisk firing, the enemy fell back to the woods on the left of Kernstown. I advanced with my entire force under a heavy infantry fire to within a quarter of a mile of the town, and opened upon the enemy with canister, producing a telling effect. At the same time the infantry upon my right became closely engaged. In ten minutes the enemy retreated beyond the town, having suffered severely. My flanders from the right reported the enemy were turning my right flank with at least one brigade of infantry. I withdrew the command in perfect order, keeping my skirmishers well to the front, embracing every opportunity the ground offered to halt, and, with artillery, pour a heavy fire into the enemy's ranks. At Union Mills, after a spirited engagement, the enemy were repulsed with heavy loss. General Elliott having come up with re-enforcement, I brought off all my killed and wounded. Lieutenant Theaker deserves great credit for the skill exhibited in handling his guns while under my command. Excepting some skirmishing with the enemy's sharpshooters, this ended the operations of my command on the 13th. Being relieved by the One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry, I withdrew my regiment to its camp on the heights of Winchester about 10 p. m. On the 14th instant, I was ordered by General Elliott to occupy the earthworks between the Pughtown and the Romney roads, which was an isolated earthwork of slight strength about three-fourths of a mile from the main fort, and fully commanded by Round Mountain

