
June 26. -Marched to Shippensburg, Pa.

June 27. -Marched from Shippensburg to Carlisle, Pa., where we remained in camp for two days.

June 30. -Marched to Heidlersburg, Pa., where the regiment was placed on picket for one night.

July 1. -Marched from Heidlersburg toward Gettysburg, Pa., and, arriving in sight of the enemy's forces 2 miles in advance of the town, the regiment, together with Rodes' old brigade, was formed in line of battle, and engaged the enemy for a number of hours, aiding in repulsing and driving him through the town.

July 2. -The regiment was not particularly engaged in the fight. July 3. -Participated in the desperate charges on the enemy's right line of fortifications. The casualties of the regiment in the above engagements have been duly and fully reported. Estimating the number of men carried into action about 360, the loss is heavy, being, in killed, wounded, and missing, 162 men, officers and privates, inclusive. * The command of the regiment devolved upon me during the engagement of the first day, and from that moment to the end of the conflict at Gettysburg the conduct of the men of the regiment, with very few exceptions, was highly commendable, entitling them to the confidence of their commanding officers, and reflecting credit upon the name and character of the Sixth Alabama Regiment.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

M. L. BOWIE,

Captain, Commanding Sixth Alabama Regiment.

Lieutenant S. H. MOORE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 529. Report of Colonel S. B. Pickens, Twelfth Alabama Infantry.

HAGERSTOWN, MD., July 9, 1863.

SIR: The Twelfth Alabama Regiment left Grace Church, Caroline County, Va., on

June 4; arrived at Culpeper Court-House on the 7th. On the 9th, we were marched rapidly toward Brandy Station, to assist our cavalry in a fight that was then going on, but the enemy retreating on our approach, we did not become engaged, but went into camp. Resumed our march on the next morning, and arrived at Berryville on the 13th, where the enemy made demonstrations as if they intended to give us battle; but when we formed line of battle and advanced, they retired, leaving their camp and a great many valuables in our hands. Resumed our march in a few hours, and arrived at Martinsburg on the 14th. Finding the enemy still in possession of the town, a line of battle was formed and an advance ordered. The enemy shelled us a little, but did us no damage. We advanced steadily, and entered the town about dark; the enemy retreated. Resumed the march on the 15th, and arrived at Carlisle, Pa., on

---------------

*For casualties, July 1-3, see p. 342.

---------------

