
the brigade, left Chambersburg on the morning of the 26th instant [ultimo]; reached Carlisle, via Shippensburg, on the evening of the 27th ultimo. At this place remained two days, when the march was taken up in the direction of Gettysburg, at which place we engaged the enemy about 12 m. on July 1. The enemy made a stubborn resistance, but was finally driven from the field. The loss of the regiment was heavy. Some 40 were taken by the enemy, but it is my opinion that every man could have escaped being captured had they done their duty. On the 2nd instant we were not engaged, but exposed to shells from our batteries as well as the enemy's. On the morning of the 3rd instant, we were under command of General Johnson. Engaged the enemy at an early hour, but were unable to dislodge him from his fortified position. The firing was kept up during the whole day, with severe loss on our side. At 2 a. m. the 4th instant we were retired, and intrenched ourselves on a hill commanding the city, and awaited the attack of the enemy, who made no advance. At 12 p. m. we left the field in the direction of Hagerstown, Md., at which place we arrived the evening of the 7th instant, after a fatiguing march, it having rained incessantly for three or four days. The loss in killed was 7; wounded, 58; missing, 65. *

Respectfully submitted,

JOHN C. GOODGAME,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Twenty-sixth Alabama Regiment.

Lieutenant S. H. MOORE,

Acting Assiatant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 531. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas H. Carater, C. S. Artillery, commanding Artillery Battalion.

AUGUST 5, 1863.

COLONEL: In accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 74, headquarters artillery Second Corps, I herein transmit a report of the operations of my battalion in the battle of Gettysburg. On reaching the field, July 1, the enemy was found to be in possession of a high ridge west of Gettysburg. Their advance line occupied a small crest still farther west, and was engaged with A. P. Hill's corps when we arrived. Rodes division was deployed in two lines, at right angels to the high crest and to the enemy's lines of battle. The batteries of Captain [X. P]. Carater and Captain [C. W.] Fry were ordered to a high point in front of Rodes' lines, near the Cashtown turnpike, to enfilade the enemy's lines and batteries, which stretched along the small crest to the railroad cult. The batteries fired with very decided effect, compelling the infantry to take shelter in the railroad cut, and causing them to change front on their right. The enemy's guns replied slowly. Owing to the exposed position of Captain Carter's battery, which was unavoidable, it suffered much at this point, having 4 men killed outright and 7 more

---------------

* But see p. 342.

---------------

