
Graham remained in position on the left during the 2nd and 3d, firing occasionally upon the enemy with good effect. On the night of the 3d, he rejoined the regiment. The officers and men performed their duties with coolness and courage, and it is believed that the firing was at times very efficient and destructive to the enemy. We lost 3 men killed (2 of Captain Watson's company and 1 of Captain Smith's), all of whom were struck down in the active discharge of their duties, and 1 officer (Lieutenant [W. M.] Brown) and 18 men wounded. Before the regiment left the neighborhood of Gettysburg, all the wounded and sick were sent back with the wagon train, which was ordered to Williamsport, and it is believed that they, with all the wagon teams and drivers, were captured by the Yankee cavalry. Respectfully submitted.

W. J. DANCE,

Captain, Commanding First Regiment Virginia Artillery.

Colonel J. THOMPSON BROWN,

Chief of Artillery, Second Corps.

Numbers 533. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Nelson, C. S. Artillery, commanding battalion Reserve Artillery.

AUGUST 4, 1863.

COLONEL: In accordance with orders just received, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the respective batteries of my command in the battle of Gettysburg and all engagements since that time: I reached Gettysburg with my command Wednesday evening, July 1, and received orders to report to Major-General Rodes, who ordered me to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Carter, commanding artillery of his division. Having done so, I was ordered early on Thursday morning to keep my guns in readiness for action immediately in rear of heights overlooking the town, and about one-fourth of a mile to the left of the Cashtown turnpike. About 11 a. m. I was ordered to bring my battalion to a point immediately in rear of the Gettysburg College, park my batteries, and await events. Having with your assistance selected positions which my batteries could occupy in case the enemy should turn their attention to that portion of the line, I remained at this point until night, When I returned to the position which I occupied in the morning. On Friday (the 3d), I was ordered to report with my command to Major-General Johnson, commanding the extreme left of our lines. Having done, so I was ordered to reconnoiter the positions on our left, and, if any could be found from which I might attract the enemy's fire from our infantry, to occupy them. Having reconnoitered the positions along this portion of our line, and finding none suitable for the purpose mentioned above, I kept my batteries concealed during the day behind the hills, immediately in rear of the battlefield. About 12 m. I was ordered to draw the attention of the enemy's batteries from our infantry, in connection with Captain Graham,

