
commanding Rockbridge Artillery, and fired about 20 or 25 rounds from a point to the left and somewhat in advance of Captain Graham's position. On Friday night, I encamped about one-half mile in rear of my position of that day, and about midnight received orders to move my command with General Johnson's division to the point which I occupied on Thursday morning. On Saturday morning (July 4), I was ordered to take position on the heights west of the town, and about one-fourth of a mile to the left of the Cashtown road, supported by a brigade of General Johnson's division. Here we remained until night, awaiting an attack of the enemy. On Saturday night we fell back from Gettysburg in the direction of Hagerstown, which we reached on Tuesday (the 7th). Here we remained until Friday (the 10th), when I was ordered to send one Napoleon gun and one rifle piece to report to Brigadier-General Daniel near the Antietma Creek. The rifle piece was engaged for a short time. I then received orders to move my command, in connection with General Johnson's division, to a point about equidistant from the National road and the Williamsport and Hagerstown turnpike, and one mile and a half rom the town. On Saturday (the 11th), I was ordered to post my batteries, two on the left of the Williamsport road and one immediately to the left of the Funkstown and Williamsport road, supported by a portion of General Johnson's division. We remained in position until Monday evening, awaiting an attack of the enemy, when we fell back in the direction of Williamsport. Arriving at that place, we were ordered to move to Falling Waters, and cross the river on a pontoon bridge, which we did, reaching the Virginia shore about 9 a. m. on Tuesday (14th), and encamping about 6 miles from the river.

I remain, colonel, very respectfully, l your obedient servant,

W. NELSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Artillery Battalion.

Colonel J. THOMPSON BROWN,

Acting Chief of Artillery, Second Corps.

Numbers 534. Report of Lieutenant Ge. Ambrose P. Hill, C. S. Army, commanding Third Army Corps.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS, November -, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Third Army Corps during and subsequent to the battle of Gettysburg: On the morning of June 29, the Third Corps, composed of the divisions of Major-Generals Anderson, Heth, and Pender, and five battalions of artillery, under command of Colonel R. L. Walker, was encamped on the road from Chambersburg to Gettysburg, near the village of Fayetteville. I was directed to move on this road in the direction of York, and to cross the Susquehanna, menacing the communications of Harrisburg with Philadelphia, and to co-operate with General Ewell, acting as circumstances might require.

