
Accordingly, on the 29th I moved General Heth's division to Cashtown, some 8 miles from Gettysburg, following on the morning of the 30th with the division of General Pender, and directing General Anderson to move in the same direction on the morning of July 1. On arriving at Cashtown, General Hethl, who had sent forward Pettigrew's brigade to Gettysburg, reported that pettigrew had encountered the enemy at Gettysburg (principally cavalry), but in what force he could not determine. A courier was then dispatched with this information to the general commanding, and with orders to start Anderson early; also to General Ewell, informing him, and that I intended to advance the next morning and discover what was in my front. On July 1, at 5 a. m., Heth took up the line of march, with Pegram's battalion of artillery, followed by Pender, with McIntosh's battalion of artillery, Colonel Walker with the remainder of the artillery being with General Anderson. About 3 miles from Gettysburg, Heth's advance brigade (Aracher's) encountered the advanced of the enemy. Archer and Davis were thrown into line, and, with some pieces of artillery from Pegram, the enemy were steadily driven back to the wooded hills this side of Gettysburg, where their principal force (since ascertained to be the First and Eleventh Corps) were disposed to dispute our farther advance. Heth's whole division was now thrown into line; Davis on the left of the road, Archer, Pettigrew, and Brockenbrough on the right, and Pender's formed in his rear; Thomas on the left, and Lane, Scales, and Perrin on the right. Pegram's and McIntosh's battalions of artillery were put in position on the crest of a hill overlooking the town of Gettysburg. Heth's division drove the enemy, encountering a determined resistance. About 2. 30 o'clock, the right wing of Ewell's corps made its appearance on my left, and thus formed a right angle with my line. Pender's division was then ordered forward, Thomas' brigade being retained in reserve, and the rout of the enemy was complete, Perrin's brigade taking position after position of the enemy, and driving him through the town of Gettysburg. The want of cavalry had been and was again seriously felt. Under the impression that the enemy were entirely routed, my own two divisions exhausted by some six hours' hard fighting, prudence led me to be content with what had been gained, and not push forward troops exhausted and necessarily disordered, probably to encounter fresh troops of the enemy. There two divisions were bivouacked in the positions won, and Anderson, who had just come up, was also bivouacked some 2 miles in rear of the battle-ground. The results of this fight were, for the Third Corps, 2 pieces of artillery and 2, 300 prisoners, and the almost total annihilation of the First Corps of the enemy. Major-General Heth was slightly wounded; Brigadier-General Archer was taken prisoner by the enemy; Brigadier-General Cales also wounded. Pettigrew's brigade, under its gallant leader, fought most admirably, and sustained heavy loss. On the morning of July 2, Anderson was ordered to the front, and relieved Heth's division, extending to our right and along a crest of hills which faced the Cemetery Hill at Gettysburg, and, continuing to the right, ran nearly parallel to the Emmitsburg road. On the 2d, the, my position was this: Pender's division occupying the crest from the theological seminary, extending to the right and joined by anderson's who carried on the line, almost entirely cover-

