
At Hagerstown, we lay in line of battle from the 7th to the night of the 13th, when I moved my corps in the direction of the pontoon bridge at Falling Waters. Being the rear guard of the army, such dispositions as were necessary were made to repel any advance of the enemy. Anderson's division crossed without molestation, and Pender's was in the act of crossing when the enemy made their appearance. A small body of cavalry changed Pettigrew's and Archer's brigades, and were annihilated. Only 2 of ours killed; but, unfortunately for the service, on of them was the gallant and accomplished Pettigrew. Subsequently the enemy pressed on vigorously, and I directed General Heth to retire his troops and cross the river. In doing this some loss was sustained, principally in stragglers, and not exceeding 500, composed of men from the various brigades of the army. Two pieces of artillery were broken down on this night march, and abandoned. Colonel Walker brought off three guns captured on the field of Gettysburg. On the 21st, the march was resumed toward Culpeper Court-House. On the 23d, Wirght's brigade, under Colonel Walker, was left to guard Manassas Gap until relieved by General Ewell. This brigade was attacked while there by an overwhelming force of the enemy, but held its ground stubbornly until relieved by Ewell's corps, when it marched with him to Culpeper. General Ewell speaks in high terms of the admirable conduct of this brigade. Continuing the march on the morning of the 24th, at Newby's Cross-Roads a brigade of the enemy's cavalry attempted to arrest our march. Heth's division (his own and Pender's) was leading. General Benning's brigade, of Longstreet's corps was also along, and rendered prompt and valuable assistance. The enemy were soon put to flight in confusion, and no more annoyance occurred on the march to Culpeper Court-House. On August 1, Anderson's division was sent out on the road to Brandy [Station], to repel some of the enemy's cavalry, which had driven back our cavalry and were quite near the court-hour. This was handsomely done by Mahone's brigade and Perry's and with but trifling loss. The total loss of the Third Corps in this campaign was 849 killed, 4, 289 wounded, and 3, 844 missing. * The larger portion of those reported missing were killed or wounded in the fight of July 3, but the possession of the field by the enemy prevented a true count.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. HILL,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding Third Corps.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON, A. and I. G., Army Northern Virginia.

Numbers 535. Report of Colonel R. Lindsay Walker, C. S. Army, Chief of Artillery
HDQRS. ARTILLERY THIRD CORPS, ARMY NORTHERN VA.,--- --, [1863.]

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the artillery of the Third Army Corps, from their

---------------

*For casualties July 1-3, including artillery, see p. 345.

---------------

39 R R-VOL XXVII, PT II

