
to the west. The works were also occupied by one company of the One hundred and sixteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, commanded by Captain Arckenoe; also Company L, Fifth Regular Battery, commanded by Lieutenant Randolph. We were unmolested until about 5 p. m., when the enemy got at least sixteen pieces of heavy artillery into position on Round Mountain to the west, and opened a heavy cannonading upon us. Battery L replied until about 50 artillery horses were killed and the caissons and limber carriages were blown up or knocked to pieces. Two guns only could be kept in position to await the approach of the assaulting party of the enemy. About 6 p. m. the enemy came up behind a ridge with at least five regiments of infantry [see indorsement], in deep columns of attack. The advance regiment carried the United States colors. The enemy were able to come up to within 100 yards of the works. The infantry and artillery opened fire upon him with fearful effect, mowing down his advance regiment almost to a man. My sharpshooters shot down the officers on horseback. We checked the enemy's column for a few moments only, and with terrible loss he effected an entrance into the works near the center of my regiment, my men fighting him until he outnumbered us inside the works. The trenches and breastworks were of such a character as to afford no obstruction to the entrance of the enemy. I withdrew my command, under cover of the guns at the main works, with the loss of 40 killed, wounded, and captured of my own regiment; the number of killed and wounded was very small. The guns of the battery were lost. I would do injustice to Lieutenant Randolph and his officers if I did not make favorable mention of their conduct. Lieutenant Randolph had three horses shot under him while in the works. From the commanding position and the superiority of the enemy's guns in number and weight, it was impossible to effectually reply to them. The enemy's loss in these attacks did not fall short of 400 men killed and wounded, and may exceed that largely. Lieutenant Paris Horney, of the One hundred and tenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, was captured or killed while fighting the enemy at the works. Captain Arckenoe, One hundred and sixteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, was killed while nobly urging on his men, his face to the foe. My regiment was under a heavy artillery fire in the outworks to the main fort until after dark, with little or no loss. At 2 a. m. on the 15th instant, after abandoning all the sick and wounded and all the baggage, under orders from the commanding general, was marched out from the main works, numbering 19 officers and less than 400 men, with the understanding that the entire command was to cut through the enemy's lines to Harper's Ferry. Company D, of my regiment, commanded by Captain McElwain, was detached from the regiment on Saturday night; also Lieutenants Weakley and Gross, with 60 men of my regiment, were sent on picket duty on the morning of the 13th. I have learned nothing definite of their fate since, but have strong hopes that most, if not all, escaped on the 15th instant. Lieutenants Cron and Miller were left, sick. Lieutenant Cron fought bravely with his men on the 13th and 14th. Asst. Surg. R. R. McCandliss and Chaplain James Harvey, of my regiment, were ordered to remain behind with the sick and wounded.

