
Two guns of Colonel Garnett's battalion were captured, which had been left behind after the team had given out, and before they could be brought off by fresh horses, which were sent for them. Three guns of Major Pegram's battalion were disabled in action, and sent to the rear, and one of them was captured. All the other guns of the command were brought off safely. Two of the guns of the First Corps were found on the field at Gettysburg, and brought off. The conduct of the officers and men of this corps was in the highest degree satisfactory, evincing, as they did without exception, throughout the long and trying marches to and from Pennsylvania, the utmost fortitude and patient endurance under fatigue, and zeal and gallantry in action. The conduct of Lieutenant [M. H.] Houston, ordnance officer of McIntosh's battalion, is deserving of especial notice for gallantry in serving as cannoneer at one of the guns whose detachment had become disabled. We have to mourn the loss of Lieutenant [John] Morris, jr., ordnance officer of Pegram's battalion, who was killed on the morning of July 1. The horses of the command suffered severely (although sufficiently supplied throughout the march with provender) for the want of shoes. On the first day I was placed in command of this corps, I applied to the ordnance Department for horseshoes and nails. I repeated this application, and on leaving Fredericksburg I telegraphed, urging a supply to be sent to meet me at Culpeper. I am satisfied that most of the horses lost on the march were lost in consequence, because of their lameness in traveling over turnpikes, and especially over the road from Hagerstown to Gettysburg without shoes. The value of horses abandoned from this cause during the march was, I am persuaded, $75, 000, and the injury to others amounted to the same sum. I append a list of the casualties in this command, and of the expenditures of ammunition. I herewith transmit the reports of battalion commanders, to which I refer for the more particular account of the part borne by each in the campaign to Pennsylvania and back.

Respectfully, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

R. L. WALKER,

Colonel, and Chief of Artillery, Third Corps

Major [WILLIAM H.] PALMER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, January 18, 1864.

The gun belonging to Major Pegram's battalion herein reported lost was found and brought off by Lieutenant Colonel B. G. Baldwin, chief or ordnance Army of Northern Virginia, the carriage being destroyed. See report of Lieutenant-Colonel Baldwin.

By order of General Lee:

C. MARSHALL,Major, and Aide-de-Camp.

