
to its return to Culpeper Court-House, Va., during the moths of June and July: Pursuant to instructions from Lieutenant General A. P. Hill, commanding the Third Army Corps, my command, composed of Wilcox's, Mahone's, Wright's, Perry's and Posey's brigades, and Len's battalion of artillery, moved on the afternoon of June 14 from the position which it had been occupying in line of battle near Fredericksburg for ten days previously, and followed the march of the First and Second Corps toward Cuylpeper Court-House. The night of the 14th, it lay near Chanaacellorsville. On the 15th, it moved to within 4 miles of Stevensburg, having been detained two hours at the Rapidan, clearing a way obstructions from the road approaching the ford. On the 16th, it arrived at Culpeper Court-House. On the 17th, it moved to Hazel River, forded it, and encamped on its left bank; on the 18th to Flint Hill, and on the 19th to Front Royal, at which place it halted early in the day, and encamped in obedience to the directions of the lieutenant-general commanding. At 4 o'clock in the afternoon, orders were received to resume the march, and during that night the troops and a part of the wagon train crossed the two branches of the Shenandoah, rain and darkness preventing the greater part of the wagons from crossing until the following morning. As soon as all the wagons had crossed on the morning of the 20th, the march was continued, and in the afternoon the command halted 2 miles beyond White Post. Moved on the 21st to Berryville; on the 22nd to Roper's farm, on the road to Charlestown, and on the 23rd to Shepherdstown. On the 24th, it crossed the Potomac, and moved to Boonsborough. On the 25th, to Hagerstown; on the 26th, 2 miles beyond Greencastle, and on the 27th, through Chambersburg to Fayetteville, at which place it halted until July 1. Soon after daylight on July 1, in accordance with the commands of the lieutenant-general, the division moved from Fayetteville in the direction of Cashtown. Arrived at the latter place early in the afternoon, and halted for further orders. Shortly before our arrival at Cashtown, the sound of brisk cannonading near Gettysburg announced an engagement in our front. After Waiting about an hour at Cashtown, orders were received from General Hill to move forward to Gettysburg. Upon approaching Gettysburg, I was directed to occupy the position in line of battle which had just been vacated by Pender's division, and to place one brigade and a battery of artillery a mile or more on the right of the line, in a direction at a right angle with int and facing to the right. Wilcox's brigade and Captain [H. M.] Ross' battery, of Lane's battalion, were posted in the detached position, while the other brigades occupied the ground from which pender's division had just been moved. We continued in this position until the morning of the 2d, when I received orders to take up a new line of battle on the right of Pender's division, about a mile and a half farther forward. Lane's battalion of artillery was detached from my command this morning, and did not rejoin it. In taking the new position, the tenth Alabama Regiment, Wilcox's brigade, had a sharp skirmish with a body of the enemy who had occupied a wooded hill on the extreme right of my line. The

