
be in position to render assistance, or to take advantage of any success gained by the assaulting column, and, at what I supposed to be the proper time, I was about to move forward Wright's and Posey's brigades, when Lieutenant-General Longstreet directed me to stop the movement, adding that it was useless, and would only involve unnecessary loss, the assault having failed. I then caused the troops to resume their places in line, to afford a rallying point to those retiring and to oppose the enemy should he follow our retreating forces. No attempt at pursuit was made, and our troops resumed their line of battle. Some loss was sustained by each of the brigades of the division from the cannonading. Wilcox's, which was supporting Alexander's artillery, suffering the most seriously. There was nothing done on July 4. Late in the evening, I received orders to draw off the division as soon as it became dark, and take the road to Fairfield. On the 5th, I was directed to hold the gap in the mountains between Faifield and Waynesborough. In the evening, I moved to a place called Frogtown, at the base of the mountain. At 6 p. m. on the 6th, moved toward Hagerstown. Halted on the morning of the 7th about 2 miles from the town, and remained in camp until July 10. On the afternoon of the 10th, moved about 3 miles beyond Hagerstown, in the direction of Williamsport, and on the morning of the 11th moved 2 miles, and took a position in line of battle, with the right resting on the Boonsborough and Williamsport turnpike, the general direction of the line being at right angles to that road. The enemy was in view on the hills in our front. Skirmishers were advanced at once, and the troops were diligently employed in strengthening the position. We lay in this line until the night of the 13th, when we marched just after dark toward the Potomac, which we crossed the following day (the 14th) at Falling Waters. On the 15th, moved to Bunker Hill, at which place we remained until the 21st, when the march was resumed, and the division encamped on that night 2 miles south of Winchester. On the 22d, crossed the Shenandoah, and halted for the night at Front Royal. On the 23d, the division marched at daylight, Wright's brigade, under command of Colonel Walker, being detached, to relieve a brigade of the First Corps, on duty at Manassas Gap. This brigade had a very sharp encounter with a greatly superior force of the enemy at Manassas Gap, and behaved with its accustomed gallantry. Colonel Walker was severely, but not dangerously, wounded in the beginning of the fight, when the command devolve upon Captain [B. C.] McCurry, who, being incapacitated by ill-health and feebleness, subsequently relinquished it to Captain [C. H.] Andrews. The division encamped on the night of the 23rd at Flint Hill. On the 24th, while pursuing the march, and when near Thornton River, some skirmishing occurred between the leading division (Heth's) and the enemy. Mahone's brigade relieved Walker's (Heth's division), which had been posted to support the artillery and to cover the road, and continued in that position until the rear of the corps had passed, when it followed and rejoined the division on the south of Hazel River. On July 25, the command arrived at Culpeper Court-House.

