
The total loss sustained by the division in the battle of Gettysburg, the fight at Manassas Gap, and in minor affairs, is 2, 266. * The reports of the commanders of brigades, including Captain Andrews' report of the fight at Manassas Gap, are herewith submitted. The members of my staff - Majors T. S. Mills and R. P. Duncan, assistant adjutant and inspectors general; Lieutenants William McWillie and S. D. Shannon, aides-de-camp, and Messrs. R. D. Spann and J. G. Spann, volunteer aides-de-camp - by their active and zealous attention to their duties, rendered valuable services at all times and upon all occasions. The conduct of the troops under my command was in the highest degree praiseworthy and commendable throughout the campaign. Obedient to the orders of the commanding general, they refrained from taking into their own hands retaliation upon the enemy for the inhuman wrongs and outrages inflicted upon them in the wanton destruction of their property and homes. Peaceable inhabitants suffered no molestation. In a land of plenty, they often suffered hunger and want. One-fourth of their number marched, ragged and barefooted, through towns in which it was well ascertained that the merchants had concealed supplies of clothing. In battle they lacked none of that courage and spirit which has ever distinguished the soldiers of the Army of Northern Virginia, and, if complete success did not attend their efforts, their failure cannot be laid upon their shortcoming, but must be recognized and accepted as the will and decree of the Almighty disposer of human affairs.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

R. H. ANDERSON,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

Major WILLIAM H. PALMER, A. A. and I. G., and Chief of Staff, Third Army Corps.

Numbers 537. Report of Brigadier General Cadmus M. Wilcox, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.

HEADQUARTERS WILCOX'S BRIGADE, Bunker Hill, Va., July 17, 1863.

SIR: I respectfully submit the following report of the operations of my brigade in the recent engagement with the enemy near Gettysburg, Pa.: The division having encamped for three days at Fayetteville, on the morning of July 1 moved forward on the Chambersburg and Gettysburg turnpike. At 2. 30 p. m. came within sight and hearing of a distant artillery fire between our own and the enemy's forces near the latter place. The division field off to the right of the road, and halted in the woods for an hour; then, resuming the march toward Gettysburg about 1 1\2 miles, my brigade filed off perpendicularly to the right of the road, and marched in this direction nearly 1 mile, and, being joined by a battery of artillery, the command halted and remained here during the night on picket, beyond and to

---------------

*For casualties July 1-3, see p. 343.

---------------

