
the rear and at right angles to the right flank of the remainder of the division, in line in front. At 7 a. m. the following morning, the division, then in front, and advanced, bearing to the right, for the purpose of taking position in line of battle. The major-general commanding indicated to me the position to be occupied by my brigade. The right of my line, as thus directed, was thrown forward, resting against a heavy and thick woods, and ran thence back obliquely to the rear across an open field, terminating at a stone fence 100 yards from the right of Perry's brigade, the ground occupied by the left of my line being lower than the right, and ascending slightly in the latter direction. In front of my line in the open fields were several farm-houses, with barns, orchards, and the usual inclosures. The enemy's pickets were seen about these, and some 600 or 700 yards distant. Not knowing whether the woods against which the right of my line was to rest was occupied by the enemy, the Tenth Alabama Regiment (Colonel Forney) was ordered to occupy the woods, and the Eleventh Alabama Regiment (Colonel Sanders) formed in line in the open field to the left of the Tenth. The regiments, being preceded by skirmishers, were ordered to advance, the Eleventh to its position in line in rear of a fence, and the Tenth to keep on a line with the Eleventh, to protect it from the enemy's fire should he be found in the woods, the remaining regiments being held in rear till it should be ascertained if the enemy were in the woods. The Eleventh advanced more easily than the Tenth, being in the open field. Having moved forward about 300 yards, this regiment received a heavy volley of musketry on its right flank and rear from the enemy, concealed behind ledges of rock and trees in the woods on its right. The Tenth Alabama moved forward promptly, and soon encountered a strong line of skirmishers. These were driven back upon their supports, two regiments of infantry - the Third Maine and the First New York [U. S.] Sharpshooters. A spirited musketry fight ensued between the Tenth Alabama and these two Federal regiments. Having continued for some fifteen or twenty minutes, Colonel Forney gave the command to charge, and led his regiment in person. This broke the enemy's line, and they fled precipitately from the woods, leaving 20 or 25 dead and twice that number wounded and prisoners. In this affair, so creditable to the Tenth Alabama and its gallant colonel, this regiment lost 10 killed and 28 wounded. In the Eleventh Alabama, 1 officer (Major [R. J.] Fletcher) severely wounded, and 17 men wounded; 6 or 8 severely. The brigade now (9 a. m.) took its position in line of battle on the right of the division and the extreme right of the army. At this time, the Tenth Alabama occupied the woods to the right and at right angles to the remainder of my line, for the safety of my right flank. From this till 2 p. m. nothing occurred save desultory firing between skirmishers. About this time, troops were seen filing past my right flank, and soon McLaws' division was formed in line at right angles to my line, Barksdale's brigade being near mine. McLaws' troops formed in line across a road running parallel to my front and into the Emmitsburg road, 500 yards in his front. From this intersection the road continued on to Gettysburg, in a direction parallel to the front of Anderson's division. McLaws troops had not been in position long when the enemy

