
Thus ended the engagement of the 2nd instant. Two guns with their caissons were taken on the turnpike; six guns were taken 300 or 400 yards beyond the road; one line of infantry was broken and dispersed at the road; two other lines were also broken and thrown back before reaching the foot of the hill; a line which descended the hill on which their rearmost line of batteries was posted was repulsed several times in its efforts to drive me men back. Many of the enemy were killed and wounded, and about 100 prisoners taken. In the engagement of this day, I regret to report a loss of 577 killed, wounded, and missing. Among the seriously wounded, and known to be in the hands of the enemy, I may mention Colonel Forney, Tenth Alabama Regiment. This officer, not yet well of a wound received at Williamsburg, received a flesh wound in the arm and chest while charging a line of the enemy on the turnpike; but he still pressed onward, and soon his right arm was shattered. He yet refused to quit the field, and fell with a wound through the foot, in the ravine near the rearmost lines of the enemy. Colonel Pinckard, Fourteenth Alabama: This officer had rejoined his regiment but two days before this battle, having been absent by reason of a severe wound received at Salem Church; his left arm was badly broken. Captain [G. C.] Smith, Ninth Alabama Regiment, severe through the body (entitled to the promotion of lieutenant-colonel). Captain [C. P. B.] Branagan, Eighth Alabama, leg broken. These four were left, not being able to bear transportation. Colonel Sanders, Eleventh Alabama Regiment, and Major Fletcher, same regiment, each received severe wounds. Captain [J. H.] King, Ninth Alabama (entitled to promotion of colonel), had a finger shot off. It will be seen that of five of my regimental commanders, four were wounded in this first day's battle. Of my two couriers, one (Private Ridgeway, Eleventh Alabama Regiment) was killed, and the other (Private Brundridge, Ninth Alabama) severely wounded. The conduct of my men and officers was in all respects creditable. After the wounding of four of the regimental commanders, the other officers that succeeded to command acted with great gallantry and energy. Among these, I may mention Lieutenant-Colonel Tayloe, of the Eleventh Alabama Regiment; Lieutenant-Colonel Shelley, of the Tenth Alabama Regiment, and Lieutenant-Colonel Broome, Fourteenth Alabama Regiment. With reference to the action of the 3rd instant, I beg to report that early in the morning, before sunrise, the brigade was ordered out to support artillery under the command of Colonel Alexander, this artillery being placed along the Emmitsburg turnpike, and on ground won from the enemy the day before. My men had had nothing to eat since the morning of the 2d, and had confronted and endured the dangers and fatigues of that day. They nevertheless moved to the front to the support of the artillery, as ordered. The brigade was formed in line parallel to the Emmitsburg turnpike and about 200 yards from it, artillery being in front, much of it on the road, and extending far beyond either flank of the brigade. My men occupied this position till about 3. 20 p. m. Our artillery opened fire upon the enemy's artillery, and upon ground supposed to be occupied by his infantry. This fire was responded to promptly by the enemy's artillery, and continued with the greatest vivacity on either side for about one hour. In no previous battle of the war had we so much artillery engaged, and the enemy seemed not to be inferior in quantity.

