
After marching about 4 miles from Winchester, on the Martinsburg road, firing commenced on our front and right. My regiment was formed in line of battle by General Elliott, skirmishers were thrown forward, and the line advanced a short distance to the northward. My regiment was on the left of the One hundred and twenty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and on the extreme right. By direction of General Elliott, I moved my command by the left flank to the northward, on a line parallel to the Martinsburg road, until my left was 5 miles from Winchester. The enemy opened fire upon the One hundred and twenty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry with artillery `and infantry from a woods immediately on the east side of the Martinsburg road. I formed my line facing the east, where the enemy was discovered in my front in the woods and behind stone walls. Prisoners afterward captured claimed to belong to the notorious Stonewall Brigade, now commanded by General [James A.] Walker. With the consent of General Elliott, I charged with my regiment upon the enemy, outflanked him on his right, and driving him through the woods upon his artillery, occupying the woods upon the east of the road, opening a destructive fire into the enemy's ranks, throwing him into confusion, and killing large numbers. We also silenced two of the enemy's guns(12-pounders) immediately in our front, capturing one of his caissons. In a few minutes the road were cleared in to our front. Not being supported on my right, the enemy soon appear in large numbers in that direction, with two pieces heavy artillery. I withdrew my regiment a short distance, changed direction to the right, and again advanced on the enemy. The One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry came up to my support on my right, and in twenty minutes we once more cleared the woods in our front, shooting down the gunners horses of the enemy's artillery and bringing off some of the enemy's horses. We were only deterred from taking possession of the enemy's guns by a large body of the enemy again appearing on our right. Without waiting the fire of the enemy, I ordered both regiments withdrawn, which was done in good order, to the west of the Martinsburg road. The enemy soon occupied the woods in superior force. Again I ordered a charge, which was nobly responded to by both officers and men. After a severe conflict, in which the two lines were engaged in places as near as 20 feet, pouring a murderous fire into each of her's breasts, the enemy gave way. Our line then advanced to the enemy 's artillery, shooting and driving his gunners from their pieces, and completely silencing them. My whole line was then withdrawn by my order from the woods, and, under the direction of the general commanding, marched to Harper's Ferry, arriving at that place at 2 p. m., marching a distance of over 35 miles, and fighting nearly two hours on the way. I brought with me 18 officers and 305 men. Captain E. A. Shepherd fell from weakness and exhaustion; possibly wounded while cheering on his men; was carried from the field, but was afterward captured. Judging from the dead and wounded of the enemy I saw upon the field, from the relative positions occupied, and the steady, close fire of my men, I estimate the enemy's loss at 300 men immediately in my front on the morning of the 15th instant. My own loss on the 15th in killed and wounded was about 70; few of the number were killed, and many slightly wounded. During the series of engagements of the three days, my officers and men performed valiant service. It is no less a pleasure than a duty

