
During all this fire, my men were exposed to the solid shot and shell of the enemy, but suffered comparatively little, probably less than a dozen men killed and wounded. The brigade lying on my right (Kemper's) suffered severely. Our artillery ceased to fire after about one hour. The enemy continued to fire for awhile after ours had ceased. I do not believe a single battery of the enemy had been disabled so as to stop its fire. Pickett's division now advanced, and other brigades on his left. As soon as these troops rose to advance, the hostile artillery opened upon them. These brave men (Pickett's) nevertheless moved on, and, as far as I saw, without wavering. The enemy's artillery opposed them on both flanks and directly in front. Every variety of artillery missiles was thrown into their ranks. The advance had not been made more than twenty or thirty minutes, before three staff officers in quick succession (one from the major-general commanding division) gave me orders to advance to the support of Pickett's division. My brigade, about 1, 200 in number, then moved forward in the following order from right to left: Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh, Eighth, and Fourteenth Alabama Regiments. As they advanced, they changed direction slightly to the left, so as to cover in part the ground over which Pickett's division had moved. As they came in view on the turnpike, all of the enemy's terrible artillery that could bear on them was concentrated upon them from both flanks and directly in front, and more than on the evening previous. Not a man of the division that I was ordered to support could I see; but as my orders were to go to their support, on my men went down the slope until they came near the hill upon which were the enemy's batteries and intrenchments. Here they were exposed to a close and terrible fire of artillery. Two lines of the enemy's infantry were seen moving by the flank toward the rear of my left. I ordered my men to hold their ground until I could get artillery to fire upon them. I then rode back rapidly to our artillery, but could find none near that had ammunition. After some little delay, not getting any artillery to fire upon the enemy's infantry that were on my left flank, and seeing none of the troops that I was Ordered to support, and knowing that my small force could do nothing save to make a useless sacrifice of themselves, I ordered them back. The enemy did not pursue. My men, as on the day before, had to retire under a heavy artillery fire. My line was reformed on the ground it occupied before it advanced. The casualties of the brigade on this day amounted to 204 killed, wounded, and missing. In the engagement of the 2nd instant, my command inflicted severe loss upon the enemy. Three of his infantry lines were broken and driven from the field. A fourth line was repulsed several times in its efforts to drive my men back. In the second day's (3rd instant) engagement, none of the enemy's infantry were encountered in the open field. It was not until my brigade had reached the ravine beyond which was the ridge on which were the enemy's rifle-pits and batteries did they meet infantry, and here they were engaged but a few minutes, without probably inflicting much, if any, loss upon their infantry. This day my men acted with their usual gallantry, though they accomplished but little. The regimental commanders were active and zealous in commanding and directing their men. Lieutenant-Colonel Herbert, of the Eighth; Lieutenant-Colonel Shelley, of the Tenth; Lieutenant-Col-

