
onel Tayloe, of the Eleventh, and Captain King, are all deserving of especial praise. The latter had lost a finger the day before. Captain [M. G.] May, Ninth Alabama, had also been wounded on the 2d, but remained with his company during the battle of the 3d. There were many acts of personal gallantry among both officers and men during the two days' battle. The entire loss of the two days' battle was 777 killed, wounded, and missing. Of this number, 257 are missing. Of this number, 14 are officers. Of this number, nearly all are supposed to be killed or wounded. Most of the field upon which the brigade fought remained both nights in the possession of the enemy. It is believed that but few, if any, not wounded, were taken prisoners. To my staff - Captain W. E. Winn, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant [M. M.] Lindsay, aide-de-camp - I am indebted for valuable services rendered on the field during both days, their duties frequently requiring them to be under the severest musketry firing. The former was bruised by the explosion of a shell near him on the second day, and thrown from his horse by it.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. M. WILCOX,

Brigadier-General, commanding, &amp;c.

Major THOMAS S. MILLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - Two men (one of the Eighth and the other of the Tenth Alabama Regiment) were wounded on the 12th instant near Saint James' College, Md., thus making my loss 779 while beyond the Potomac.

Numbers 538. Report of Brigadier General William Mahone, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HDQRS. MAHONE'S BRIGADE, ANDERSON'S DIVISION, July 10, 1863.

MAJOR: The operations of this brigade in the battle of Gettysburg, Pa., may be summed up in a few brief remarks. The brigade took no special or active part in the actions of that battle beyond that which fell to the lot of its line of skirmishers. During the days and nights of July 2 and 3, the brigade was posted in line of battle immediately in front of the enemy, and in support of Pegram's batteries. In this front its skirmishers were quite constantly engaged, and inflicted much loss upon the enemy, and, after the repulse of our troops on the 3d, maintained firmly its line. During the 2nd and 3d, the brigade was exposed to a large share of the terrific shelling of those days, and from which its loss was mainly sustained. Casualties in the battle: Killed, 8 men; wounded, 2 officers and 53 men; missing, 39 men; total, 102.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,WM. MAHONE,

Brigadier-General.

Major THOMAS S MILLS,

A. A. G., Anderson's Div., Third Corps, Army Northern Va.

