
Numbers 540. Report of Captain C. H. Andrews, Third Georgia Infantry, commanding Wright's brigade, of action at Manassas Gap.

HEADQUARTERS WRIGHT'S BRIGADE, Near Culpeper Court-House, Va., July 30, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the engagement of this brigade with the enemy at Manassas Gap, on the 23rd instant: Early on the morning of the 23d, this brigade, under command of Colonel E. J. Walker, Third Georgia, marched to Manassas Gap, 3 miles from Front Royal, and relieved Benning's brigade. The troops were posted as follows, viz: Third Georgia (Captain [C. H.] Andrews) on the extreme right, somewhat in advance of and disconnected from the balance of the brigade, on a mountain side; next Forty-eighth Georgia, Captain [M. R.] Hall; then Twenty-second Georgia (Captain [B. C.] McCurry), the left of the latter regiment resting upon the railroad. Two companies of Second Georgia Battalion were deployed as skirmishers in front of the Twenty-second Georgia; the other two companies of the battalion were posted in the rear 1 1/2 miles, to guard a road by which the enemy might gain our rear by the left. About 11 a. m. the enemy appeared in the valley in our front in force-infantry, cavalry, and artillery. About 2 p. m. they formed for an advance. They threw forward two regiments of cavalry and six of infantry as skirmishers. A line of battle of three brigades was formed in rear of these skirmishers. To each of these brigades vas attached a battery of artillery. In rear of their line of battle, fifteen regiments of infantry in column of regiments were formed in support and reserve. When the enemy first appeared, dispatches were sent to General Ewell stating our position and need of assistance; also to a brigade of cavalry then crossing the mountain, asking some artillery, but it was not obtained. At the first of the skirmishing, Colonel Walker, commanding brigade, was wounded. Captain Girardey, assistant adjutant-general, conducted the movements on the left and Captain Andrews upon the right. About this time, Generals Ewell and Rodes appeared upon the field, stating that re-enforcements were coming up. The enemy's advance was very determined from the first, and, after hard fighting, forced the left and center of our line to retire. The Third Georgia being isolated, as it were, was entirely unprotected on its right or left, but not until flanked did it retire, and form on a line with the balance of the brigade. The lesson given the enemy by the Third Georgia was such as to deter them from following or advancing even for fully an hour. Our line now extended about 2 miles, and was very weak, as our numbers were small. Between 4 and 5 p. m. the enemy advanced again, and we resisted them to the utmost of human capacity; fought till our ammunition was exhausted, and, to enable us to fight at all, the ammunition was taken from the killed and wounded, and distributed. Ammunition was ordered up, but failed to reach us. The fight was made in open fields, and at the distance of 15 paces. General Rodes sent forward a squad of 60 men, who were ordered into position on the left by Captain Girardey, assistant adjutant-general, and a squad who were posted on the right of the Third Georgia, but they failed to

