
render any service. The enemy broke our center, forcing us to retire to a line formed of Rodes' troops in our rear, some 600 yards. The Third Georgia held its position till flanked on the left. The enemy in front of this regiment were repulsed three times. After dark, under orders from General Ewell, we commenced our march through Front Royal, by Luray and Thornton's Gap, to this place, which we reached on the 28th instant. Great credit is due Captain V. J. B. Girardey, assistant adjutant-general, who superintended the movements on the left of the brigade, and his highland behavior nerved the weakest soldier to a full discharge of hid duty. Captain Hall, Forty-eighth Georgia, deserves mention also, for he was conspicuous in his efforts to rally his men and maintain his ground, though overpower by numbers. The action of the Third Georgia is praise enough for its commander. The officers and men of the entire command deserve the praise of all. Captain McCurry, Twenty-second Georgia, being exhausted by fatigue, was unable to take command of the brigade after the last stand we made, and the command devolved upon Captain Andrews, Third Georgia. As we retired, General Rodes opened upon the enemy an effective battery of artillery, which checked their onward move. We held the line assumed by General Rodes, and the enemy failed to make another attack. A list of casualties is herewith inclosed.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. ANDREWS,

Captain, Commanding Brigade.

Major THOMAS S. MILLS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

Return of Casualties in Wright's brigade, at Manassas Gap.

[Compiled from nominal lists.]

Killed	Wounded	Missing

COMMAND	Officers	Officers	Officers	TOTAL

3rd Georgia	 ---	 5	 ---	 5

22nd Georgia	 ---	 1	 ---	 1

48th Georgia	 ---	 ---	 1	 1

2nd Georgia Battalion	 ---	 ---	 ---	 ---

TOTAL	 ---	 6	 1	 7

Killed	Wounded	Missing

COMMAND	 Men	 Men 	 Men	TOTAL

3rd Georgia	 10	 33	 27	 70

22nd Georgia	 4	 24	 21	 49

48th Georgia	 5	 17	 9	 31

2nd Georgia Battalion	 ---	 3	 8	 11

TOTAL	 19	 77	 65	 161

Numbers 541. Report of Colonel Edward J. Walker, Third Georgia Infantry.

JULY 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the late battle at Gettysburg, Pa., of July 2, and in which my command was actually engaged from 4 p. m. until dusk, and a portion of it previous to that time: One company of my regiment (Company K) was early in the morning sent out as skirmishers to relieve those in our immediate front,

