
and remained the greater portion of the day engaged with the sharpshooters of the enemy, and occasionally under fire of their batteries. About 3 o'clock, they were re-enforced by the Second Georgia Battalion, and ordered to advance, which they did, rapidly driving in the line of the enemy's skirmishers and gaining considerable ground. At about 5 o'clock, my regiment advanced to attack the enemy, strongly posted, with much artillery. The command being halted for a moment at a fence where the line of skirmishers then rested, to reform, the order was given to charge, and, amid a very heavy fire of the enemy's artillery, posted on high elevation and sweeping the entire field, which was devoid of any protection, they boldly advanced, and in a short time they had possession of several pieces of artillery. The regiment during this advance was hotly engaged with the infantry of the enemy, which, though far superior in point of numbers, were steadily driven back, leaving their dead and wounded with several prisoners in our hands. I maintained my position until the line of battle on my right gave way. Having no reserve, and fearing a flank movement, I was forced to fall back. This was done with considerable loss, but, after having withdrawn from under the immediate fire of the enemy's batteries, I readily succeeded in rallying the men about dark near the picket line of the morning. My loss in killed, wounded, and missing is 196, * and though all was not accomplished that was intended, yet men never fought better, and no courage nor endurance could under existing circumstances drive [the enemy] from a position which nature had rendered very strong, and which, held by vastly superior numbers and artillery massed upon its heights, rendered it impregnable to direct assault. In conclusion, I beg leave to state that the officers and men acted in a very creditable manner, and at the time of withdrawal of the regiment we had driven the enemy from his first line of battle back to his reserves on the height, and were at the time in possession of eleven pieces of his artillery, which position was held by the regiment until forced to fall back for want of support on the left, and for the reason that the right of the brigade, together with the brigades on our right, had fallen back. Had the whole line advanced and been properly supported, there would have been no trouble about holding our position, as the enemy seemed panic-stricken, and were fleeing before us in every direction, and, in my opinion, could not have been rallied at their second line, which was but a short distance in rear of their first line.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant.

EDWD. J. WALKER,

Colonel, Commanding Third Georgia Regiment.

Captain V. J. B. GIRARDEY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 542. Report of Captain B. C. McCurry, Twenty-second Georgia Infantry.

JULY 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN: The Twenty-second Georgia Regiment was engaged at Gettysburg with the enemy on July 2. They entered the fight about

---------------

*But see p. 343.

---------------

