
5 p. m. Made a very successful charge, going on the right of the brigade and to the left of Perry's brigade. The regiment captured three pieces of cannon, but, owing to the brigade giving way on our right, we were compelled to give back and abandon our captured booty. In the retreat, the regiment suffered severely in both officers and men. Out of 7 captains entering the fight, only 1 came out. The colonel and adjutant were wounded and left on the field The colorbearer and 5 color-guards were shot down, and the colors brought out by a sergeant of the regiment.

I am, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. C. McCURRY,

Captain, Commanding Twenty-second Georgia Regiment.

Captain V. J. B. GIRARDEY, Assistant Adjutant-General, Wright's Brigade.

Numbers 543. Report of Captain M. R. Hall, Forty-eight Georgia Infantry.

JULY 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following statement in regard to the part taken by the Forty-eighth Georgia Regiment in the engagement at Gettysburg, Pa., on July 2: The regiment was ordered in the fight between the hours of 5 and 6 p. m. The Second Georgia Battalion being previously thrown out as skirmishers, the regiment was on the left of the brigade. When the line arrived on the line of skirmishers, a part of the battalion formed on our left, making us the left-center regiment. We had advanced but a short distance from the line, when the enemy opened a heavy fire on us, being concealed behind a fence. Their batteries at the same time commenced operating. The enemy made but a short stand before our fire before they commenced retreating; at first in order, but we pushed them so rapidly that they broke and fled in great confusion, a large number of them running into our lines for safety. We pursued them some distance beyond their first line of batteries, when they rallied or were reenforced. Our line being so much thinned by our loss, and being unsupported, we were compelled to fall back. The regiment captured three or four pieces of artillery, but, being unable to bring them off the field, we were compelled to abandon them. Our loss in killed, wounded, and missing was 212. * Our loss in officers was unusually large; 5 captains out of 6, and 11 lieutenants out of 17, that went into the fight, are reported killed, wounded, or missing.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

M. R. HALL,

Captain, Commanding Forty-eighth Georgia Regiment.

Captain V. J. B. GIRARDEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*But see p. 343.

---------------

