
to commend them all for skill, coolness, and bravery. I think proper to make special mention of the fact that each officer remain with his own command, doing his duty, and urging on his men by his example. To this fact I attribute my success in keeping my men together. I cannot close this report without making special mention of Lieutenant Colonel W. N. Foster and Major O. H. Binkley. They were not only fearless of danger, but showed superior skill in each separate engagement. They were always where danger was greatest and their duty called them. Adjt. J. B. Van Eaton was present always in the thickest of the fight, gallantly discharging his duty. It would be but simple justice to say the same of Captains Smith, Moore, Spangler, Ullery, Snodgrass, and Brown, and Lieutenants Hathaway, Rush, Cannon, Shellenberger, McKnight, Moon, and Boyer; also, Orderly Sergeant [George W.] Fraub. The latter commanded a detachment of Company K through each engagement. Captain Snodrass received two wounds, but did not leave the field. Knowing the risk of being censured for making special mention of officers and men where all behaved so nobly, I cannot refrain from calling attention to my sharpshooters. Armed with the Henry rifle, in each engagement they fired almost continuous streams into the enemy's ranks, creating great loss of life. They also, under my own eyes, shot down a number of the enemy's officers. My total number of killed, wounded, and missing in action and left behind in camp and hospital is 315, including 2 commissioned staff officers and 4 line officers. This estimate does not include Company D or its officers. Lieutenants Weakley and Gross, Assistant Surgeon Owen and Quartermaster Stark are supposed to have been captured on the 15th instant. Captain McElwain and his company distinguished themselves by the splendid manner in which they engaged the enemy's sharpshooters and drove them from the woods on the eve of the 13th. Lieutenants Weakley, Gross, and Trimble fought bravely with their men on the 13th and 14th. The vastly superior force of the enemy, and the many other discouraging circumstances under which the enemy were engaged; the splendid manner in which my command confronted the enemy, and the energy and skill which were exhibited in getting the greater portion of the effective strength of the regiment through the strong lines of the enemy, furnish high proofs of the soldierly character and efficiency of the troops. Hoping you will pardon the length of this necessarily unsatisfactory and incomplete report, I remain, very truly, captain, your most obedient and humble servant,

J. Warren Keifer,

Colonel, Comdg. One hundred and tenth Ohio Vol. Infantry.

Captain J. E. Jacobs, Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Baltimore, Md., July 6, 1863.

Respectfully submitted with the following remarks: Other officers told me that they counted 17 stand of rebel colors in the rebel column that stormed the outworks.

R. H. Milroy,

Major-General.

