
Numbers 544. Report of Captain Charles J. Moffett, Second Georgia Battalion.

CAMP NEAR BUNKER HILL, VA., July 18, 1863.

SIR: The Second Georgia Battalion, Georgia Volunteers, was placed in line of battle on the left of the Forty-eighth Georgia Regiment, of Brigadier General A. R. Wright's brigade, about 11 a. m. on July 2, in front of heights occupied by the enemy on the south side of Gettysburg, Pa. At 5 p. m. on the 2nd instant, Major George W. Ross, commanding the battalion, was ordered by general Wright to throw the battalion forward and to deploy as skirmishers, covering the front of the brigade and re-enforce the skirmishers, already in position. Having deployed as skirmishers, the battalion was ordered to drive the enemy's skirmishers, and take possession of a fence and bottom occupied by them. This they did, with great gallantry on the part of officers and men, in the face of a pretty heavy fire, driving the enemy before them. In this position a heavy skirmish continued about one hour, during which time many men of this command were wounded. About 6 p. m. the brigade of General Perry advanced upon our right. At the same time, General Wright's brigade came sweeping over the skirmish line. In the absence of orders, or any definite instructions in the event of an advance of our forces, the skirmishers did not assemble, but went forward with the line as it moved past them. In this way the battalion was scattered along the whole line of the brigade, and some of the men went into action with General Perry's (Florida) brigade, it pressing upon our right. This being the case, the battalion did not perform a separate and united part in the charge upon the enemy's position. Under a heavy fire from the enemy's artillery and infantry, the battalion advanced to the batteries of the enemy, and assisted in driving away their cannoneers, capturing their cannon, and engaging their infantry. Our numbers (of the brigade) rapidly decreasing under the heavy fire, not being reenforced, and the column on our right giving way, we were forced to retire, and give up the position and advantage gained by General Wright's brigade. In this charge we lost many valuable officers and men. Major Ross was wounded near the brick house while endeavoring to turn the heads of [the captured] artillery horses toward our lines. The gallant Captain C. Redding was left upon the field, supposed to be dead. By the official return of casualties heretofore made, you will see our losses. The battalion rallied upon the field, and was ordered to the position occupied before they were deployed as skirmishers. At this place they remained with the brigade the night of the 2nd instant. On the 3rd instant, the battalion was under a fire from the enemy's batteries, but suffered no loss in killed or wounded. On the night of the 4th instant, it left the line of battle with the brigade, and moved to the rear.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

CHARLES J. MOFFETT,

Captain, Comdg. Second Battalion Georgia Volunteers.

Captain V. J. GIRARDEY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

