
Falling back to our artillery, we reformed in our old line, and remained here quietly until night, when I received orders from Major-General Anderson to fall back to the original line of battle in the woods. Here we remained, without any other interruption than a little picket fighting on the 4th, until the night of the 4th, when at dark, in accordance with orders from General Anderson, I withdrew my command and joined the army, then marching on the road to Fairfield. During the entire series of engagements, my command acted well, obeying all orders with promptness and alacrity. In the charge made, after the repulse of Pickett's division, upon a position from which we had been repulsed the day before, they moved steadily and firmly forward, although every man knew the desperate character of the charge and that no support was near. I received much valuable assistance from Captain [William E.] McCaslan, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant [A. J.] Peeler, acting aide, both of whom acted gallantly. I regret to state that Captain McCaslan was killed while we were retreating from the charge on the 3rd instant. The brigade went into action near 700 strong, and lost, as shown by the list forwarded a few days since, 455 killed, wounded, and missing, Major [W. R.] Moore, commanding Second Florida, and Captain [R. N.] Gardner, commanding Fifth Florida, being among the wounded. The former was left upon the field, and fell into the hands of the enemy.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID LANG,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Maj THOMAS S. MILLS,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

Numbers 546. Report of Brigadier General Carnot Posey, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, Near Culpeper Court-House, Va., July 29, 1863.

MAJOR: On the morning of July 2, my brigade was placed in position before Gettysburg. in the rear of Major Pegram's battery of artillery, in an open field, with a woods on my right and left flanks. My position was to the right of the cemetery, about which the enemy's lines of battle were formed. In the afternoon, I received an order to advance after Brigadier-General Wright, who was posted on my right in a woods before the advance was made. I received an order from the major-general, through his aide-de-camp, Captain [S. D.] Shannon, to advance but two of my regiments, and deploy them closely as skirmishers. I had then a thin line of skirmishers in front and at once sent out the Forty-eighth and Nineteenth Regiments, Colonel Jayne and Colonel Harris commanding. These regiments advanced some 200 or 300 yards beyond the barn and house, which were burned. Later in the day, I sent out the Sixteenth, and receiving information that the enemy were threatening their right and left flanks, I

