
took out the Twelfth Regiment, and requested Brigadier-General Mahone, who was on my left, in the rear of another division, to send me a regiment to support my left. He being at this time ordered to the right, could not comply. When I reached the barn, I found my three regiments well up in advance. They had driven the enemy's pickets into their works and the artillerists from their guns in their front. It being then nearly dark, I sent the major-general a message, informing him of my position. He then ordered me to fall back to my original position, in the rear of Pegram's battery. On the 3d, my brigade was held in reserve to support the battery in my front. The list o casualties has already been sent in to you.

Very respectfully,

CARNOT POSEY,

Brigadier-General.

Major [THOMS S.] MILLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Division Headquarters.

Numbers 547. Report of Colonel N. H. Harris, Nineteenth Mississippi Infantry.

NEAR CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, July 29, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor of submitting the following account of the part taken by this regiment in the engagement of July 2, at Gettysburg, Pa.: About 4 o'clock on the afternoon of the 2nd instant, I received orders to advance the right wing of my regiment until I encountered the enemy's skirmishers, and drive them back. I immediately deployed the right wing on the brow of the hill in front of our batteries, and then advanced at a double-quick about 250 paces through a wheat-field to a post and rail fence, where I came up with our line of skirmishers, and found the enemy occupying the orchard directly in my front. Lieutenant [C. W.] Burrage, Company A, of this regiment, who was on picket with his company, and who had been beyond the orchard and barn in the morning, informed me that, if I advanced with my skirmishers without my right being supported, there was imminent danger, from the nature of the ground, of my being flanked easily. I halted in this position some half hour, when General Wright's brigade commenced advancing, supported on his left by the Forty-eighth Mississippi Regiment, Colonel Jayne commanding, my right resting on the Forty- eighth. I again gave the order to advance pushing forward my line and driving the enemy from his position in the orchard, and capturing some prisoners at the barn. Still driving the enemy before me, I advanced some 400 paces farther up the hill. The left wing of my regiment, Major T. J. Hardin commanding, here came up to my support. Within 60 yards of the right of my line of skirmishers was a battery of the enemy, which was playing upon General Wright. My skirmishers succeeded in driving the gunners three different times from their guns, when they soon changed their position to the crest of the hill in their rear I still

