
holding my position until after dark, when I was recalled by Brigadier-General Posey. It is with pride that I refer to the officers and men of my command during this engagement. Their conduct was such as to merit the highest praise. In conclusion, it becomes my painful duty to state that among the list of casualties which I forward herewith* are the names of some of my most valuable officers and men.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. HARRIS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain STANHOPE POSEY, Asst. Adjt. General, Posey's Brigade.

Numbers 548. Report of Major John Lane, Sumter (Georgia) Artillery, commanding Artillery Battalion.

JULY 30, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Sumter Artillery Battalion (Eleventh Georgia Battalion) from June 14 to the 15th instant, which was under my command during that period, owing to the absence of Lieutenant-Colonel Cutts on account of indisposition: In obedience to an order, I reported to Major-General Anderson upon leaving Fredericksburg, June 14, and was subject to his command, and accompanied his division upon the march through the Shenandoah Valley, across the Potomac River, through Maryland, and as far as Gettysburg, Pa., near which place we arrived about 3 o'clock on the evening of the 1st instant. No event worthy of mention occurred during the march, and it was made without loss on the part of this command, save a few horses broken down and left on the roadside. Early on the morning of July 2, in compliance with an order, I sent Captain [G. M.] Patterson's battery, consisting at that time of two Napoleon guns and four 12-pounder howitzers, with one 12-pounder howitzer of Captain [H. M.] Ross' battery, to report to Brigadier-General Wilcox, while with the battery of Captain [John T.] Wlingfield, consisting of two 20-pounder Parrotts and three 3-inch navy Parrotts, and the five remaining pieces of Captain Ross' battery, embracing three 10-pounder Parrotts, one 3-inch navy Parrott, and one Napoleon, I went pinto position by your direction on a ridge east of the town of Gettysburg, fronting the enemy's guns on Cemetery Hill, and distant therefrom nearly 1, 400 yards. With these guns immediately under my command, I took part in the actions of the 2nd and 3rd instant, being at all times during the engagement subjected to a very heavy fire, chiefly from Napoleon guns. In these two days' actions, Captain Ross' battery sustained a loss of 1 man killed, d 2 seriously, 2 severely, and 3 slightly wounded, besides losing 9 horses killed, and having 2 wheels destroyed, firing 78 rounds of Napoleon shell and spherical case, 332 rounds 10-pounder Parrott shell, and 96 rounds 3-inch navy Parrott shell. Captain Wingfield's battery had 2 men seriously and 7 slightly

---------------

*Not found; but see p. 343.

---------------

