
wounded, besides 8 or 10 others struck, but not disabled (Captain Wingfield had a very severe bruise on leg by piece of shell, but did not leave the field), and lost 20 horses killed, a caisson pole broken, and several sets harness torn up by shot, firing during the engagement 106 rounds, of 20-pounder Parrott shell, and 300 rounds navy Parrott ammunition. From Captain Patterson's report, I learn that he went into action only on the second day's battle, then with the brigade of General Wilcox, and, though engaged but a short while, sustained a loss of 2 men killed, 2 severely and 3 slightly wounded, losing also 7 horses killed, and firing 170 rounds. During the march in Pennsylvania, this command lost 4 men not accounted for, supposed to have been captured. On the evening of July 4, withdrew my guns from their position near Gettysburg, and with the remainder of the Third Corps, moved in the direction of Hagerstown, Md., arriving there the evening of the 6th instant. On the 11th instant, by your command, I placed in position near where the left of the third Army Corps rested, and north of Saint James' College, between the Potomac and Hagerstown, eight guns of this battalion-four guns each from the batteries of Captains Ross and Patterson-firing while there (two days) a half dozen rounds to dislodge the enemy's sharpshooters from a barn, by order of Major-general Heth, in which we were successful. On the morning of the 13th, I crossed the Potomac into Virginia at Falling Waters, having lost in this last movement a few sponges and grease buckets. Lieutenant-Colonel Cutts arriving at camp at Bunker Hill, Va., on the 15th instant, I turned over the battalion to his command. From the time of leaving Fredericksburg to the assuming of command by Lieutenant-Colonel Cutts at Bunker Hill, the whole loss sustained by the battalion was as follows: Men killed, 3; wounded seriously, 2; severely, 7; slightly, 13; missing, 4; total loss of men, 29. Horses killed and abandoned on the road on account of being unable to travel, 53, besides the loss of a few of the minor equipments of the batteries, which have been replaced. In conclusion, colonel, I feel that I would be guilty of injustice both to the officers and men of this command if I failed to notice the gallantry displayed by them in action, as well as their patient endurance of the hardships of the march and the gnawings of hunger caused by being without rations for several days consecutively. It would be invidious to make special mention of any particular persons where all acted their part well, which, as far as my observation extended, I can safely assert, believing that no troops could have displayed greater courage during action or fortitude under difficulties than the officers and men of this command at the battle of Gettysburg. We interred our dead decently, and brought every wounded mand of the battalion across the Potomac, for which Chief Surg. [W. A.] Green is entitled to praise. All of which is respectfully submitted, &amp;c.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO, LANE,

Major of Artillery.

Colonel R. L. WALKER,

Chief of Artillery, Third Corps, Army Northern Virginia.

