
of its own gallant dead and wounded, as well as the large number of the enemy's dead and wounded left on the field over which it fought, attests better than any commendation of mine the gallant part it played on July 1. In one instance, when the Twenty-sixth North Carolina Regiment encountered the second line of the enemy, his dead marked his line of battle with the accuracy of a line at a dress parade. Archer's brigade, on the right (Colonel B. D. Fry commanding), after advancing a short distance, discovered a large body of cavalry on its right flank. Colonel Fry judiciously changed his front, thus protecting the right flank of the division during the engagement. This brigade (Archer's), the heroes of Chancellorsville, fully maintained its hard-won and well-deserved reputation. The officer making the report of the part it played in the first and second charges has failed to particularize any officer or soldier who displayed particular gallantly, which accounts for no one being named from this gallant little brigade. After breaking through the first and second lines of the enemy, and several of the regiments being out of ammunition, General Pender's division relieved my own, and continued the pursuit beyond the town of Gettysburg. At the same time that it would afford me much gratification, I would be doing but justice to the several batteries of Pegram's battalion in mentioning the assistance they rendered during this battle, but I have been unable to find out he names of the commandeers of those batteries stationed at the points where important service was rendered, all reports of artillery officers being made through their chief. My thanks are also due to my personal staff-Major [R. H.] Finney, assistant adjutant-general; Major [H. H.] Harrison assistant adjutant and inspector general; Lieutenants [M. C.] Selden, jr., and [Stockton] Heth, my aides-de-camp, and acting engineer officer, William O. Slade-for their valuable services in carrying orders and superintending their execution. I take this occasion to mention the energy displayed by my chief quartermaster (Major A. W. Vick) and his assistants in collecting transportation for the division when in Pennsylvania, the division having a limited supply when it crossed the Potomac; also to Major [P. C.] Hungerford, chief commissary of subsistence, and his assistants, for their activity in procuring supplies.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. HETH,

Major-General.

Captain W. N. STARKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Corps, Army of Northern Virginia.

HEADQUARTERS HETH'S DIVISION, Near Rapidan Station, October 3, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command (Heth's and Pender's division) at Falling Waters, July 14: On the evening of July 13, I received orders to withdraw my com-

