
save two or three, who are said to have escaped. General Pettigrew received a wound in one of his hands at Gettysburg, in consequence of which he was unable to manage his horse, which reared and fell with him. It is probable when in the act of rising from the ground that he was struck by a pistol-ball in the left side, which, unfortunately for himself and his country, proved mortal. A soldier of the Seventh Tennessee Regiment was a t the same time mortally wounded. This was the entire loss of my command from this charge; 33 of the enemy's dead were counted; 6 prisoners fell into our hands; also a stand of colors. Very soon after this, a large body of dismounted cavalry, supported by artillery, of which I had none, made a vigorous attack on Brockenbrough's brigade, which was deployed in lane of battle to the right of the road. Brockenbrough repelled the attack, and drove the enemy back into the woods, following him up for some distance. The enemy was now heavily re-enforced, and Brockenbrough was compelled to fall back. His brigade, having been badly cut up on the 1st and 3rd at Gettysburg, was much reduced in numbers. Seeing that the enemy evidently designed turning his right flank, and thus cutting him off from the river, Brockenbrough deployed his brigade ask skirmishers, extending well to the right. About this time the enemy appeared on my left flank in force; also in my front. Seeing the attack was becoming serious, I ordered the several brigades of Pender's division (excepting Thomas', which ha d crossed the river) to return. At the same time, I sent a message to the lieutenant-general commanding, requesting that artillery might be sent me, as I had none. On returning, my aide informed me that General Hill directed me to withdraw my command as speedily as possible and cross the river. When this order was received, my line of skirmishers occupied a front of a mile and a half, the left resting on the canal, the right bending around well toward the Potomac. The orders were that the several brigades in line should withdraw simultaneously, protecting their front by a strong line of skirmishers, and coverage toward the road leading to falling waters. In order to cover this movement, Lane's brigade was formed in line of battle about 500 yards in rear of the advanced in, protected by heavy line of skirmishers. The first brigade that passed through Lane's line of battle was reformed in line of battle quarter of a mile or more in rear of Lane's position, and so on till the command reached the south bank of the Potomac. With the extended line of skirmishers in my front, and being compelled to fall back upon a single road, it is not surprising that, in attempting to reach the road over ravines impassable at many points, and through a thick undergrowth and woo, and over a country with which both officers and men were unacquainted, many of them were lost, and thus fell into the hands of the enemy, who pushed vigorously forward on seeing that I was retiring. The enemy made two cavalry charges, and on each occasion I witnessed the unhorsing of the entire party. I desire here to brand upon its perpetrator a falsehood and correct an error. The commander of the Federal forces (General Meade) reported to his Government, on the statement of General Kilpatrick, that he (General Kilpatrick) had captured a brigade of infantry in the fight at Falling Waters. To this General Lee replied, in a note to General Cooper, that no organized command had been captured. 41 R R-VOL XXVII, PT II

