
General Meade recently wrote a note to his Government, reaffirming his first statement, upon the authority of General Kilpatrick. General Kilpatrick, in order to glorify himself, has told a deliberate falsehood. He knows full well that no organized body of men was captured; not even a company was captured, nor the majority of a single company. He asserts, however, that he captured an entire brigade. The error I wish to correct is attributing all the men captured by the enemy on the 14th as belonging to my command. I think I state correctly when I say that 3 out of 4 of the men captured by the enemy were captured between our works near Hagerstown and the point where I engaged the enemy, and were the representatives of every corps, division, and brigade which passed over this road. My staff officers alone seceded in driving from barns and houses immediately on the roadside several hundred stragglers who probably never reached their commands, and these were but a small proportion of the men who straggled. In conclusion, I will add that the brigade commanders did their duty, and the losses sustained were not attributable to any errors or shortcomings of theirs, but resulted from causes beyond their control. The rear guard of a large army protecting its crossing over a wide river can seldom fail go lose heavily if vigorously pushed by the enemy, especially when in the act of crossing. Under the circumstances, attacked as we were by a large and momentarily increasing force, we have every reason to be thankful that our losses were so small.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. HETH,

Major-General.

Captain W. N. STARKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Army Corps.

Numbers 550. Report of Maj J. Jones, Twenty-sixth North Caroline Infantry, commanding Pettigrew's brigade.

AUGUST 9, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by Pettigrew's brigade in the engagements beyond the Potomac: On the night of June 30, ultimo, the brigade was on picket on the turnpike road leading from Chambersburg to Gettysburg, about half way between Cashtown and the latter place. Early on the morning of July 1, we moved down the pike toward Gettysburg. When within about 2 1/2 miles of the town, we deployed to the left of the pike, but soon crossed over to the right, other regiments of the division having been engaged for some time. We took up our position in rear of our batteries after we moved to the right. After remaining in this position about half an hour, exposed to a random fire from the enemy's guns, losing probably a dozen men killed and wounded, we received orders to advance. We moved forward about half a mile, and halted in a skirt of woods. The following is the position of the regiments int the brigade: On

