
the right, the Fifty-second North Carolina, next the Forty-seventh North Carolina, then the Eleventh North Carolina, and on the left the Twenty-sixth. In our front was a wheat-field about a fourth of a mile wide; then came a branch, with thick underbrush and briars skirting the banks. Beyond this was again an open field, with the exception of a wooded hill directly in front of the Twenty-sixth Regiment, about covering its front. Skirmishers being thrown out, we remained in line of battle until 2 p. m., when orders to advance were received. The brigade moved forward in beautiful style, at quick time, just with the brigade on our left, commanded by Colonel Brockenbrough. When nearing the branch referred to the, enemy poured a galling fire into the left of the brigade from the opposite bank, where they woods. The Forty-force while we were in line of battle in the woods. The Forty-seventh and Fifty-second, although exposed to a hot fire from artillery and infantry, lost but few in comparison with the Eleventh and Twenty-sixth. On went the command across the branch and up the opposite slope, driving the enemy at the point of the bayonet back upon their second line. This second line was encountered by our left (the Twenty-sixth), while the other regiments were exposed to a heavy shelling. The enemy's single line in the field was engaged principally with the right of the Eleventh and Forty-seventh. The enemy did not perceive the Fifty-second, which flanked their left, until they discovered themselves by a raking and destructive fire into their ranks, by which they were broken. On this second line, the fighting was terrible-our men advancing, the enemy stubbornly resisting, until the two lines were pouring volleys into each other at a distance not greater than 20 paces. At last the enemy were compelled to give way. They again made a stand in the woods, and the third time they were driven from their position, losing a stand of colors, which was taken by the Twenty-sixth; but, owing to some carelessness, they were left behind, and were picked up by some one else. While the Twenty-sixth was thus engaged, the rest of the line, having cleared the field and being exposed to heavy fire from the enemy's batteries, were ordered to fall back, which they did in perfect order. The Twenty-sixth, not receiving the order, were now engaged in collecting ammunition from the enemy's dead, being entirely out themselves. Just as they were ready to advance again, General Pender's division passed over them. They followed on, and assisted in driving the enemy from the heights on the edge of the town. They then halted. That night the brigade bivouacked in the woods they had occupied previous to making the charge. While the whole brigade behaved most admirably, especial credit is due the Eleventh and Twenty-sixth. The Twenty-sixth lost more than half its men killed and wounded, among them Colonel H. K. Burgwyn, jr., killed, Lieutenant Colonel J. R. Lane seriously wounded, both with the colors, with many other most valuable officers. Colonel C. Leventhorpe, of the Eleventh, and Major [E. A.] Ross were lost-the former wounded severely, the latter killed-with many officers and men. We remained in this position until the evening of the 2d, when we moved about a mile to our right, and took position in rear of our batteries, facing the works of the enemy on Cemetery Hill. We remained here until about 12 o'clock on the 3d, when our batteries opened upon the enemy's opposition. About 2 o'clock we were ordered to advance. It was an open field in front, about three-quar-

