
gade, with three regiments of my command (the Eleventh Mississippi being left as a guard for the division wagon train) from camp on the heights near Cashtown, by a turnpike road leading to Gettysburg. When within about 2 miles from town, our artillery was put in position, and opened fire. I was ordered to take position on the left of the turnpike, and with the right resting on it, press forward toward the town. About 10. 30 o'clock a line of battle was formed-with the Forty-second Mississippi, Colonel H. R. Miller commanding, on the right; Fifty-fifth North Carolina, Colonel J. K. Connally commanding, on the left, and Second Mississippi, Colonel J. M. Stone commanding, in the center-skirmishes thrown forward, and the brigade moved forward to the attack. Between us and the town, and very near it, was a commanding hill in wood, the intervening space being inclosed fields of grass and grain, and was very broken. On our right was the turnpike and railroad, with deep cuts and heavy embankments diverging from the turnpike as it approached the town. On the high hill the enemy had artillery, with infantry supports. The line of skirmishers advanced, and the brigade moved forward about 1 mile, driving in the enemy's skirmishers, and came within range of his line of battle, which was drawn up on a high hill in a field a short distance in front of a railroad cut. The engagement soon became very warm. After a short contest, the order was given to charge, And promptly obeyed. The enemy made a stubborn resistance, and stood until our men were within a few yards, and then gave way, and fled in much confusion, but rallied near the railroad, where he again made a stand, and, after desperate fighting, with heavy loss on both sides, he fled in great disorder toward the town, leaving us in possession of his commanding position and batteries. After a short interval, he again returned in greater numbers, and the fight was renewed, and being opposed by greatly superior numbers, our men gave way under the first shock of his attack, many officers and men having been killed or wounded, and all much exhausted by the excessive heat; but the line was promptly formed, and carried to its former position, and, while there engaged, a heavy force was observed moving rapidly toward our right, and soon after opened a heavy fire on our right flank and read. In this critical condition, I gave the order to retire, which was done in good order, leaving some officers and men in the railroad cut, who were captured, although every effort was made to withdraw all the commands. This was about 1 p. m. About 3 p. m. a division of Lieutenant-General Ewell's corps came up on our left, moving in line perpendicular to ours, and the brigade was again moved forward, and after considerable fighting, reached the suburbs of the town, into which the enemy had been driven. The men, being much exhausted by the heat and severity of the engagement, were here rested, and about sunset were ordered to bivouac about 1 mile to the rear. In this day's engagement the losses in men and officers were very heavy; of 9 field officers present, but 2 escaped unhurt. Colonel Stone, of the Second Mississippi, and Colonel Connally, of the Fifty-fifth North Carolina, were both wounded while gallantly leading their men in the first charge. Lieutenant Col M. T. Smith, of the Fifty-fifth North Carolina, a gallant and efficient officer, was mortally wounded. Major Belo, of the same regiment, was severely wounded.

