
Numbers 388.

Report of Colonel James Washburn, One hundred and sixteenth Ohio Infantry, of operations June 13-15.

Bloody Run, Pa., June 28, 1863.

Major: In compliance with your order, requiring a report of the part taken by my command in the late battle at, and retreat from, Winchester, I have to say that on Saturday, the 13th instant, three companies of my command having been previously detached-two at Bunker Hill, under command of Major W. T. Morris, one (Company C) in the outer works west of the main fort, and one company on picket in the star fort and on the Pughtown road-the balance of my command was detailed to work on the fortifications, which duty they performed until noon, when they returned to camp. Immediately upon arriving at camp, three companies were ordered to reenforce Company C, of my command, then stationed in the outer works west of the main fort. The three companies were sent as ordered, under command of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas F. Wildes. The three remaining companies were left in camp until 11 p. m., when I was ordered to proceed with my command to relieve the One hundred and twenty-third Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, then holding the Strasburg road. My command having been so reduced by detachments and details, I applied to the general commanding our brigade to ascertain whether I should take my three companies (all I had that were not on duty) to relieve an entire regiment, when I was ordered to relieve the three companies in the outer works, and then proceed forthwith to relieve the One hundred and twenty-third, as before ordered. After the necessary delay in relieving the three companies, and getting rations, I moved my command on the Pughtown road, in the direction of town. When arriving in front of the building occupied as headquarters First Brigade, I was ordered by a staff officer of the general commanding division to return with my command to camp, and from there to station it in the works west of the star fort, where I remained until the attack on the outer works. During the forenoon, I was re-enforced by the fragments of the two companies (A and I) that returned from Bunker Hill, under command of Major Morris, nearly one-half of each company having been either killed, wounded, or captured in the fight the evening previous. Shortly after the attack on the outer works, where Company C, of my command, was still stationed, I received an order to go to the support of the battery that was stationed in the aforesaid works. I accordingly moved my command, preceded by the Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania, toward the works, but previous to this time the enemy had carried the works and captured the battery. I still move on with my command, and at the same time directed my adjutant to go as speedily as possible to the main fort, and ascertain from the general whether it was the order to the main fort, and ascertain from the general whether it was the order to attempt to retake the works and battery, or to fall back. My adjutant soon returned with the order to fall back. This order came just before I had got in range of the enemy's guns. My command retreated in good order, under a terrible fire of shot and shell, into the main fort, without the loss of a man. Company C, which was stationed in the outer works at the time they were carried by the enemy, suffered severely, losing its captain and several men killed, besides wounded or taken prisoners.

5 R R-VOL XXVII, PT II

