
Lieutenant-Colonel Moseley and Major Feeney, of the Forty-second Mississippi, were both severely wounded. A large number of the company officers were killed or wounded. It is due to the gallantry of a few brave men to state that the Second and Forty-second Mississippi, under the lead of Lieutenant [A. K.] Roberts, of the Second Mississippi, dashed forward, and, after a hand-to-hand contest, in which the gallant Roberts was killed, succeeded in capturing the colors of a Pennsylvania regiment. A number of prisoners were captured, the Forty-second Mississippi taking 150; other regiments perhaps as many or more. I am indebted to the members of my staff for the prompt and efficient manner in which they discharged their duties. My aides-decamp (Lieutenant [Henry B.] Estes and Captain Lowry) had their horses killed. Captain W. T. Magruder and Lieutenant T. C. Holliday and Cadet James D. Reid were all in action, and rendered valuable service.

I am, major, your obedient servant,

JOS. R. DAVIS,

Brigadier-General, commanding.

Major R. H. FINNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS DAVIS' BRIGADE, August 22, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of Major-General Heth's division in the battle of July 3, at Gettysburg: On the evening of the 2d, this division, under command of Brigadier General J. J. Pettigrew (Major-General Heth having been wounded in the engagement of the 1st), moved to the front, and was formed in line of battle, with Archer's brigade on the right, commanded by Colonel B. D. Fry (Brigadier-General Aracher having been wounded and captured on July 1); Colonel Brockenbrough's brigade on the left; Pettigrew's, commanded by Colonel James K. Marshall, of the Fifty-second North Carolina, on the right center, and Davis' on the left center immediately in the rear of our artillery, which was in position on the crest of a high ridge running nearly parallel to the enemy's line, which was on a similar elevation and nearly 1 mile distant, the intervening space, excepting the crests of the hills, being fields, intersected by strong post and rail fences. In this position we bivouacked for the night. Early on the morning of the 3d, the enemy threw some shells at the artillery in our front, from which a few casualties occurred in on of the brigades. About 9 a. m. the division was moved to the left about a quarter of a mile, and in the same order of battle was formed in the rear of Major Pegram's battalion of artillery, which was posted on the crest of a high hill, the ground between us and the enemy being like that of our first position. About 1 p. m. the artillery along our entire line opened on the enemy, and was promptly replied to. For two hours the fire was heavy and incessant. Being immediately in the rear of our batteries, and having had no time to prepare means for protection, we suffered some losses. In Davis' brigade 2 men were killed and 21 wounded. The order had been given that, when the artillery in our front ceased firing, the division would attack the enemy's batteries, keeping dressed to the

