
ence to orders from General Longstreet, he placed his guns in position under fire at this point, but did not fire a single shot, having received orders to that effect. The remaining six guns (four Napoleons and two howitzers) bore no part in these actions, although they were upon the field in readiness whenever they should be called upon. On the morning of the 4th, however, I placed them in the position occupied by the rifled pieces on the second day, where they remained until night, when they were recalled to take their position in the line of march for Hagerstown. On the 4th instant, Major Richardson was ordered to report to General Imboden, in charge of the wagon train, with the three rifled pieces of Company B, and the two rifles of Company D, which were thus temporarily detached from the battalion. Major Richardson being absent at Culpeper Court-House, under orders, I am unable to make at present an official report of the operations of that portion of the battalion under his command, but will forward it as soon as I can communicate with him. It may not be improper here to state that three of these pieces (the two others having been turned over to Captain [J. F.] Hart on the march, in consequence of the horses becoming too weak to pull them) formed a part of the escort of the wagon train under the command of General Imboden, and that they performed good service in the engagement at Williamsport. On reaching Hagerstown, the battalion was reunited under Major Richardson, who continued in command until the morning of the day on which the army fell back across the Potomac, when I resumed the command. I regret to state that, owing to the jaded condition of the horses, which had been but scantily supplied with forage since July 1, during all of which time they had not received a single feed of corn, I was forced to abandon two rifled pieces belonging to Captain [J. W.] Lewis' battery on the night of the retreat from Maryland. Every effort was made to bring them off, but being the rear of the artillery, and before my arrangements could be completed, which were made with all possible dispatch, the enemy's cavalry charged and took them, together with 6 men and spare horses which had been sent back for the purpose of bringing them off. On reaching the Virginia shore, I was ordered to place six of my pieces (two Napoleons and four rifled) in position on the hills to the left of the turnpike, and commanding the pontoon bridge, which I accordingly did, and very soon thereafter, General Pendleton being present, they opened upon the enemy's skirmishers, and checked their advance upon the bridge. These pieces kept up an irregular fire until evening, when I ordered them to cease firing, the enemy evincing no intention of attempting to cross, and their formations not being sufficiently large to warrant the further expenditure of ammunition. The subsequent movements of my battalion are identical with those of the corps to which it is attached until we reached near Front Royal, when, in obedience to orders received through you, I turned off at that point, and proceeded up the Valley pike, by New Market, to this place, where my command is now conveniently encamped, having arrived here at 3 p. m. on the 29th ultimo by easy marches. I regret to state that the losses which my battalion has incurred during the recent campaign are especially heavy in horses, those now remaining being for the present almost totally unserviceable. It is

