
my opinion, however, that with a short respite I will soon be able to report them as serviceable. I would respectfully state that, at the time of leaving Fredericksburg, their condition was generally bad, in consequence of the hardships they had encountered during the past winter, together with what they had gone through during the spring campaign. The various losses in detail I have already sent you. The casualties in my command are as follows: Severely wounded, 2 enlisted men; slightly wounded, 3 enlisted men; missing (supposed to be in the hands of the enemy), 14 enlisted men. * Respectfully submitted.

JNO. J. GARNETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel,

Commanding Artillery Battalion. Colonel R. L. WALKER,

Chief of Artillery, Third Corps, Army of Northern Virginia.

Numbers 555. Report of Major Charles Richardson, C. S. Army, commanding Garnett's battalion.

GORDONSVILLE, VA., August 2, 1863.

COLONEL: In obedience to your order, requiring me to report the operations of a detachment of this battalion with which I was ordered to join Brigadier-General Imboden at Cashtown, Pa., I have the honor to submit the following: About 7 o'clock on the morning of July 4 last, having at the time nine rifled guns of this battalion in position on the line of battle opposite Gettysburg, and immediately in front of the brigade of Brigadier-General Posey, of Anderson's division, I received orders from Brigadier-General Pendleton to proceed at once to Cashtown with the rifled guns of Captains [Victor] Maurin and [J. D.] Moore, and report to General Imboden, for duty with his command. Pursuant to this order, I at once marched, with Captain Moore (one 10-pounder Parrott and one 3-inch United States rifle and caissons), and, arriving at Cashtown about 2 o'clock, immediately reported to General Imboden. The general informed me that his command would act as a convoy to the great wagon train of our army then passing through the town, and that he would at the proper time designate the positions in the column to be occupied by my guns. Having waited several hours without receiving any order from General Imboden, during which time I frequently presented myself to the general and conversed with him, I at length, having informed the general where my artillery was, with his consent returned to my command, which was on the Gettysburg and Cashtown road, about 300 yards from where I left the general and his staff. Here I remained until about sunset, when, having received no orders from the general, I returned to the point in Cashtown where I had left him,

---------------

*But see p. 344.

---------------

