
and learned that he and his staff had gone forward on the line of march. Deeming it necessary that I should communicate with him as soon as possible, in order that I might receive his orders, I turned over the command of my artillery to Captain Moore, and at once hastened to overtake General Imboden. Passing the wagon train of our battalion about 2 o'clock the next morning, I saw Sergeant [James K.] Cleary, by whom I sent word to Captain Moore that I had not been able up to that time to overtake General Imboden, but that I desired him (Captain Moore) to join the wagon train, and move forward without unnecessary delay. I then hastened forward, and met General Imboden's adjutant at Greencastle, and informed him that I had received no orders to march. I did not see the general then, but learned that he had gone forward. riding forward, I had not proceeded more than 3 miles when our train was attacked by a body of the enemy's cavalry, and I was captured, but was soon rescued by a company of our cavalry. I, however, did not recover my horse, which had been taken by the enemy. I therefore had to proceed as best I could, part of the way on foot, and arrived at Williamsport during the afternoon of the 5th ultimo. I there saw General Imboden, and informed him again, as I had done at Cashtown the previous day, that my horses were in bad condition, and asked him if he could furnish me with more horses, as I thought I might need assistance. He said he had already directed Colonel [George H.] Smith, commanding a regiment of infantry belonging to his command, and then not far from the rear of the wagon train, to take charge of and turn over to the artillery and wagons all the serviceable led horses in the train. The horses in the wagon train of this battalion which had arrived were not in condition at this time to assist in bringing up the artillery; but the next morning I directed that all the serviceable horses in our camp should be at once sent to aid in bringing up the artillery. General Imboden ordered me, the morning of July 6, to ride around the line of battle that he had formed, and select positions to be occupied by my artillery as soon as it should arrive. This order I obeyed, and, on returning to camp, found Captain Moore with his two guns, the caissons having been unavoidably abandoned. I lost no time in placing Captain Moore's battery in position, and had just done so when Lieutenant Landry arrived with one 10-pounder Parrott, and informed me that his horses having entirely broken down, he was compelled to abandon his caissons, and that he had turned over to Captain [J. F.] Hart, of General Hampton's legion, his two 3-inch United States rifles, being unable to move them with his horses. As the enemy was then threatening us, I lost no time in placing Lieutenant Landry's piece in position, and this had just been done when Captain Moore opened upon a battery of the enemy's guns which appeared in range on the Sharpsburg road. Our guns were worked carefully until the ammunition was exhausted, when I first ordered Captain Moore and then Lieutenant Landry to retire. This, however was but a short time before the enemy withdrew. The casualties in my command were but slight. In the battalion, Captain Moore had 4 men wounded and 2 horses killed. Lieutenant Landry had 1 man wounded and 2 horses killed. From the reports of Captain Moore and Lieutenant Landry, I believe that the abandonment of the pieces and caissons of their bat-

