
teries was unavoidable. The led horses ordered to be turned over to them by General Imboden were too much broken down to be of any service, and the wagons were loaded with wounded men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES RICHARDSON,

Major of Battalion.

Lieutenant Colonel J. J. GARNETT,

Commanding Battalion Light Artillery.

Numbers 556. Report of Major Joseph A. Engelhard, Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army, of operations of Pender's division.

HEADQUARTERS WILCOX'S LIGHT DIVISION, November 4, 1863.

MAJOR: The light division of Major General W. D. Pender, consisting of the brigades of Brigadier Generals J. H. Lane, E. L. Thomas, A. M. Scales, and S. McGowan, the latter under command of Colonel A. Perrin, Fourteenth South Carolina Volunteers, which had encamped, on the afternoon of June 30, on the north side of South Mountain, Pa., moved from that position at 8 o'clock on the morning of July 1, along the turnpike through Cashtown, in the direction of Gettysburg, in rear of the division of Major-General Heth. When within about 3 miles of Gettysburg, the artillery and the advance of Major-General Heth having already become engaged with the enemy, the division was formed in line of battle from right to left in the following order: Colonel Perrin, Brigadier-Generals Scales, Lane, and Thomas; the two former on the right and the two latter on the left of the turnpike. In this order, with a strong line of skirmishers thrown out on the right, the division advanced for nearly a mile, and was halted, in obedience to orders from Lieutenant-General Hill, General Heth having also halted in front. About 3 o'clock, the troops of the corps of Lieutenant-General Ewell appearing on the left, and the enemy making a strong demonstration on the right with infantry and cavalry, the brigade of General Lane was ordered to the extreme right of the division, and General Thomas was directed to close upon the left of General Scales. Simultaneous with the appearance of Lieutenant-General Ewell on the left, a general advance was ordered on the right. General Heth moved quickly forward, and soon became vigorously engaged with the enemy. The light division in the new order moved forward to his support, with the exception of the brigade of General Thomas, which was retained by Lieutenant-General Hill to meet a threatened advance from the left. The division continued to move forward until it came close upon the command of General Heth, pressing the enemy successfully within a short distance in front. General Pender sent his assistant adjutant-general forward to General Heth to know if that officer was in need of assistance. On being informed that he was pressing the enemy from one position to another, the division advanced slowly, keeping within close supporting distance of the troops in front. About 4 o'clock, General Pender ordered an advance of the three

