
brigades, with instructions to pass General Heth's division, if found at a halt, and charge the enemy's position, which was on a prominent ridge between a quarter and a half mile from Gettysburg. The division moved rapidly forward, and passed the division of General Heth, then under command of Brigadier-General Pettigrew, which seemed much exhausted and greatly reduced by several hours' hard and successful fighting. General Lane, on the extreme right, being annoyed by a heavy force of dismounted cavalry on his right flank, which kept up a severe enfilade fire, was so much delayed thereby that he was unable to attack the enemy in front, excepting in meeting a force of them posted in the woods occupied the next day by Major Pegram's battalion of artillery. Colonel Perrin, after passing General Heth's division, took advantage of a ravine to reform his line, and moved rapidly forward, preserving an alignment with General Scales, on his left. Upon ascending a hill in front, the brigade was met by a furious storm of musketry and shell from infantry posted behind temporary breastworks and artillery from batteries to the left of the road near Gettysburg. The brigade steadily advanced at a charge, reserving its fire, as ordered, easily dislodging the enemy from his several positions, and meeting with but little opposition, excepting from an enfilade fire from the artillery on the left, until it came within 200 yards of his last position, the ridge upon which is situated the theological college. The brigade, in crossing a line of fencing, received a most withering and destructive fire, but continued to charge without returning the fire of the enemy until reaching the edge of the grove which crowns the crest of the ridge. colonel perrin, here finding himself without support either on the right or left (General Lane having been delayed by the attack on his flank, and General Scales' brigade having halted to return the fire of the enemy after their brigade commander had been wounded), attacked the enemy determinedly in his immediate front with success, suffering greatly by an enfilade fire on both flanks, and then, dividing his command by ordering the two right regiments to change front to the right, and the two left regiments to change front to the left, he attacked the enemy posted on the right behind a stone wall and on the left behind a breastwork of rails in flank, easily routing them, driving them through the town to Cemetery Hill. This movement caused the artillery on the left, which had continued to keep up a constant and destructive fire upon the advancing lines of the division, to limber up and move to the rear. Much of this artillery would have been captured, but the two left regiments met a second force of the enemy posted behind a stone fence to the left of the college, which was easily dislodged, but not in time to intercept the fleeing batteries. Too much credit cannot be awarded to Colonel Perrin and the splendid brigade under his command for the manner and spirit with which this attack was conducted. To the former, the Government has recognized his valuable services in a manner the most grateful to the true soldier, by a prompt promotion. Of the latter, all who are acquainted with their gallantry on this occasion unite in their commendation to both. Their commander, who fell mortally wounded the succeeding day, was most enthusiastic in their praise. General Scales, on the left, with his left resting on the turnpike, after passing the troops of General Heth, advanced at a charge upon 42 R R - VOL, PT II

