
the flank of a brigade of the enemy which was engaged with the extreme left of General Heth's division, upon the opposite side of the road, which soon caused the enemy to fall back. The brigade continued to advance rapidly, and as it commenced to descend the hill opposite the ridge upon which the enemy was posted, it encountered a most terrific fire of grape and shell on the left flank, and grape and musketry in front, but still it pressed forward at a double-quick until the bottom was reached, a distance of about 75 yards from the enemy's fortified position. Here the fire was most severe. Every field officer, with one exception, was either killed or wounded. General Scales and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General [J. W.] Riddick were disabled by severe wounds. The brigade halted to return the fire of the enemy, which was now very severe, throwing the line somewhat in confusion. Major-General Pender, with portions of his staff and General Scales', though suffering much from a severe wound in the leg, succeeded in rallying the brigade, which immediately pushed forward again, under command of Lieutenant Colonel G. T. Gordon, Thirty-fourth North Carolina, and joined in the pursuit of the enemy, driving him through Gettysburg. The troops of the division which had been sent into the town to gather up prisoners were withdrawn upon the appearance of the brigade of General S. D. Ramseur filing into it from the left, and the whole division, General Thomas having come up, was formed in line along the ridge opposite the town and Cemetery Hill, the left resting on the Fairfield road. During a successful charge made to drive the enemy from in front of Cemetery Hill, Captain William T. Haskell, First South Carolina Volunteers [Provisional Army], in charge of a select battalion of sharpshooters, received a wound from which he died in a few minutes on the field. Says Colonel Perrin in his official report of this transaction: This brave and worthy young officer fell while boldly walking along the front line of his command, encouraging his men and selecting favorable positions for them to defend. He was educated and accomplished, possessing in a high degree every virtuous quality of the true gentleman and Christian. He was an officer of most excellent judgment, and a soldier of the coolest and most chivalrous daring. Late in the afternoon of this day, during the attack of Lieutenant-General Longstreet's corps and a portion of Major-General Anderson's division upon the enemy's left, Major-General Pender, having ridden to the extreme right of his command, to advance his division should the opportunity offer, received a severe wound in the leg from a fragment of a shell, which subsequently proved fatal. Seldom has the service suffered more in the loss of one man than it did when this valuable officer fell. Gallant, skillful, energetic, this young commander had won a reputation surpassed only by the success and ability of his services. The commanding general in the preliminary report of this battle, already published, forcibly expresses the sentiments of all who knew General Pender and who had watched his career as soldier. Says the report referred to: This lamented officer has borne a distinguished part in every engagement of this army, and on several occasions was wounded while leading his command with conspicuous gallantry and ability. The confidence and admiration inspired by his

