
courage and capacity as an officer were only equaled by the esteem and respect entertained by all with whom he was associated, for the noble qualities of his modest and unassuming character. The command of the division devolved upon General Lane, who, upon being informed by Lieutenant-General Ewell that he would move upon the enemy's position at dark, ordered the brigade of General Thomas and Colonel Perrin forward to the road occupied by the skirmishers, so as to protect the right flank of General Rodes' division, supporting these two brigades with his own, commanded by Colonel C. M. Averyl, Thirty-third North Carolina, and Scales', commanded by Colonel W. L. J. Lowrance, Thirty-fourth North Carolina, who, although wounded on the 1st, ad reported for duty. The night attack was subsequently abandoned, but these two brigades (Thomas' and Perrin's) remained in their advanced position during the night and the next day, keeping up a continuous and heavy skirmish with the enemy, compelling his advance to remain close under the batteries of Cemetery Hill, the brigades of Lane and Scales forming a second line. During the morning of the 3d, General Lane received an order from Lieutenant-General Hill to report in person with the two brigades forming his second line to the right of Lieutenant-General Longstreet, as a support to Pettigrew. General Longstreet ordered him to form in rear of the right of Heth's division, demanded by General Pettigrew. having executed this order, General Lane was relieved of the command by

Major General I. R. Trimble, who acted under the same orders given to General Lane. The two brigades, thus formed as a support to Pettigrew, with Lowrance on the right, after suffering no little from the two hours' exposure to the heavy artillery fire which preceded the attack on the 3d, advanced in close supporting distance of Pettigrew's line, General Trimble, with portions of his own and General Pender's staff, being with and taking immediate command of the movement. The line moved forward through the woods into the open field about 1 mile, in full view of the fortified position of the enemy, exposed to a murderous artillery and infantry fire in front, a severe artillery fire from the right, and an enfilade fire of musketry from the left. The line moved forward handsomely and firmly. The division in front gaining ground to the right, uncovered the left of Lane's brigade, which caused it to advance more rapidly than the rest of the line, which was checked by an order from General Trimble. When within a few hundred yards of the enemy's works, the line in front being entirely gone, the division moved rapidly, up connecting with the troops on the right, still stubbornly contesting the ground with the enemy, reserving their fire until within easy range, and then opening with telling effect, driving the artillerists from their guns, completely silencing them, and breaking the line of infantry supports formed on the crest of the hill. All the guns in the immediate front of the division were silenced, and the infantry had fallen behind their second and third lines of defense, when the division, advancing in an oblique direction, the extreme right of which had reached the works, was compelled to fall back, the troops on the right having already gone, exposing the line to a very deadly fire from that direction immediately on the flank, and, a large column of infantry appearing on the left, that flank also became exposed. The two extreme left regiments of Lane's brigade, under Colonels Avery

