
The remnant of the company left fell back into the star fort, and at the time of the evacuation and retreat was with the Fifth Maryland Regiment. I have since learned unofficially that the first lieutenant and 25 men were at Harper's Ferry. The balance of the company that is left (some 20 men) are with the regiment. My command remained in the main fort until the evacuation was ordered, when I took position in the column, the third regiment from the rear. At the time of the attack on Monday morning, my command, together with the Twelfth West Virginia Infantry, formed a line of battle on the left of the pike, nearly opposite to the woods where the engagement commenced. Here we remained under fire for some minutes, when I was ordered to file left, and form a line of battle, and attack the enemy in the rear of the woods on the left of the pike, which I did by marching up the lane that lies to the left of the pike and runs at right angles with it. Having proceeded up this lane some distance, I filed to the right, and marched in toward the rear of the woods, as ordered. When nearing the woods, I received an order from a staff officer to fall back to the lane and make my retreat the best way possible, as the firing had nearly ceased, and to attack the enemy at that time and place would effect no good. After returning to the lane, I met a scout of the general's, who said he was acquainted with the country, and would pilot me through the mountain to the river. After a long and fatiguing march of nearly 40 miles, at dark we bivouacked at a point about 4 miles east of Bath. The First New York and a part of the Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry were with us until afternoon, when they left us, and went directly through to Hancock the same night. At an early hour on Tuesday morning, I took up the line of march for the river (Potomac), which we crossed at Sir John's Run at 10 a. m., and arrived at Hancock at 2 p. m. same day. Here (at Hancock) I found the Twelfth West Virginia, part of the Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania, and detached companies, stragglers from every infantry regiment in the division, together with the First New York, Twelfth Pennsylvania, and Colonelk Galligher, of the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, who assumed command of all the forces then at Hancock. Here I remained until 10 o'clock same night, and it being rumored that the enemy was advancing upon Hancock, and also receiving intelligence that a train would be in readiness on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, at Little Orleans Station, to transport the infantry to Cumberland, the whole command, by order of Colonel Gallegher, moved up the pike toward Cumberland. We moved during the night some 18 or 20 miles up the pike, and in the morning left the pike to the right, and took a cross-road for the Little Orleans Station. This point we reached about noon, but, greatly to the disappointment of the men, who were nearly worn out, we found no train in waiting for us. During the afternoon, while waiting for a train, I received a dispatch from Colonel Galligher-the cavalry having kept the pike toward Cumberland instead of following us to the station- that the enemy occupied Cumberland, and were coming down the canal and railroad in the direction of the station. I accordingly retraced my steps toward the pike, and bivouacked for the night about 1 1/2 miles from the station. At 3 o'clock the next morning, we started again toward the pike, and reached it soon after sunrise. After reaching the pike, we marched

