
and [J. D.] Barry, advanced some minutes after the whole line had given way, and fell back, under direct orders. The gallantry and impetuosity of the two brigades of the division engaged in this attack drew from their veteran and wounded commander the highest compliments, as it won the admiration of all who witnessed it. Lane's veteran troops advanced with that enthusiasm and firmness which ad characterized them on every field which has made the soil of Virginia historic, under the immediate supervision of their brigade commander; and the brigade of General Scales, yet weak from the terrible loss it sustained at Chancellorsville, and one-half of its remaining numbers killed and wounded in the attack on the 1st (including the brigade commander and all the field officers save one, who was wounded in this attack), yet moved forward with characteristic gallantry, and its right touched the enemy's line of works, and gave way only when the whole force on the right was gone, and the enemy, from numerous batteries crowning every height, was rapidly decimating its already reduced ranks. In this attack, Major-General Trimble was severely wounded near the enemy's works, in the leg, which necessitated its amputation, and in the retreat to the Potomac, unfortunately fell into the hands of the enemy. His conduct needs no encomium in this report. The action of the division attests the value of his service, which a grateful country will ever appreciate. One member of his staff was killed and 2 others wounded, Major Gettings but slightly. The division was reformed, in accordance with orders from General Trimble, by General Lane, just in rear of the artillery, and upon the same ground where it had rested before making the attack, and in this position remained until the army fell back on the night of the 4th. The reports of brigade commanders are herewith inclosed, to which your attentions is called for further particulars and for notices of individual gallantry. The list of casualties, which was very large, has already been forwarded by Surg. P. A. Holt, the medical director of the division. Sincerely regretting the loss the division sustained in its two commanders, which has devolved upon me the necessity of writing this report, I am, major, very respectfully, your, obedient servant,

JOS. A. ENGELHARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major WILLIAM H. PALMER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 557. Report of Colonel Abner Perrin, Fourteenth South Caroline Infantry, commanding McGowan's brigade.

HEADQUARTERS McGOWAN'S BRIGADE, August 13, 1863 SIR: This brigade-consisting of the following-named South Carolina regiments, to wit: The First [Provisional Army], Twelfth, Thirteenth, Fourteenth, and [First] Rifles, the First under the command of Major C. W. McCreary, the Twelfth under Colonel John L. Miller, the Thirteenth, Lieutenant Colonel B. T. Brockman, the Fourteenth, Lieutenant Colonel Joseph N. Brown, and the Rifles, Captain William M. Hadden-being a

