
part of Major-General Pender's light division, formed a part of the Army of Northern Virginia in the late campaign across the Potomac, and was from June 5 until the present time under my immediate command. About 8 o'clock on the morning of July 1, I received orders to get under arms, and the brigade, excepting Captain Hadden, who was left with the Rifles to guard the wagon train, commenced the march, on the turnpike leading to Gettysburg, at the head of the division, and just in the rear of the division of Major-General Heth. The march was continued to within 3 miles of Gettysburg, when I was ordered to file down a road, form line of battle, leaving sufficient room between my left and the Gettysburg road for General Scales' brigade, and to throw out skirmishers to cover my right flank. Skirmishing between the advanced infantry of General Heth's division and that of the enemy, as well as heavy artillery firing, had already commenced in our front. I was soon notified that General Heth would advance, and that I would make a corresponding movement forward, preserving my alignment with General Scales, on my left. We moved through the open field about a mile, where we halted in rear and in supporting distance of General Heth's division, which had now become closely engaged with the enemy in our front. Here Brigadier-General Lane's brigade took position on my right, to protect our flank from the enemy's cavalry and some infantry reported by Captain [William T.] Haskell in that direction. We remained in this position until about 3 o'clock, and were again ordered forward, and again advanced probably a half mile, when we came close upon General Heth's division pressing the enemy, within a short distance in front of us. I remained in this position probably until after 4 o'clock, when I was ordered by General Pender to advance, and to pass General Heth's division should I come up with it at a halt, and to engage the enemy as circumstances might warrant. I soon came up with and passed Brigadier-General Pettigrew's brigade, the men of which seemed much exhausted by several hours' hard fighting. Here I availed myself of a ravine, which sheltered us from the enemy's artillery, to reform my line, and instructed regimental commanders when the advance was resumed not to allow a gun to be fired at the enemy until they received orders to do so. We now moved forward, preserving an alignment with General Scales, and, as soon as the brigade commenced ascending the hill in front, we were met by a furious storm of musketry and shells from the enemy's batteries to the left of the road near Gettysburg; but the instructions I had given were scrupulously observed-not a gun was fired. The brigade received the enemy's fire without faltering; rushed up the hill at a charge, driving the enemy without difficulty to their last position at Gettysburg. We continued the charge without opposition, excepting from artillery, which maintained a constant and most galling fire upon us, until we got within 200 yards from a grove near the college, the brigade received the most destructive fire of musketry I have ever been exposed to. We continued to press forward, however, without firing, until we reached the edge of the grove. Here the

