
Colonel Avery, of the Thirty-third, who continued at his post after he had been bruised by a shell, refrains from making special allusion to any one in his command, as they all gallantly discharged their duties. Colonel Barbour, of the Thirty-seventh, refers to his heavy loss as sufficient evidence of the gallantry of his command. The loss f such officers as Lieutenants [William] Doherty, [Iowa] Royster, John P. Elms, and W. N. Mickle, who nobly discharged their duties, will be severely felt. Colonel Barry, of the Eighteenth, is proud of his command, which acted throughout the campaign in a manner satisfactory to him and creditable to themselves. Colonel Lowe, of the Twenty-eighth, was wounded, and had to leave, but Lieutenant-Colonel Speer speaks in high terms of the bravery of his officers and men during the whole of that desperate and hard-fought battle. He alludes to Adjt. R. S. Folger as having acted with great gallantry throughout the engagements, and also to Captains [T. J.] Linebarger, [E. G.] Morrow, [John W.] Randle, and [Thomas T.] Smith, and Lieutenant [E. T.] Thompson, who were wounded while gallantly leading their companies to the charge. Captain [John McLeod] Turner, commanding the Seventh, was wounded in front of his command while gallantly leading it forward, and was left on the field. Captain [James G.] Harris then assumed command, and is well pleased with the gallant bearing of the old Seventh, which was surpassed by none. Lieutenant Oscar Lane, my aide, and my two couriers-George E. Baringer and A. R. Joyce, privates from the Twenty-eighth-were very efficient both on the march and in action, and again bore themselves well under fire.

Respectfully,

J. H. LANE,

Brigadier-General.

Major JOSEPH A. ENGELHARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Pender's Light Division.

Numbers 559. Report of Brigadier General Edward L. Thomas, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.

HEADQUARTERS THOMAS' BRIGADE, August 12, 1863.

MAJOR: In reply to circular of August 12, I have the honor to report that this brigade on July 1 was, by order of Major-General Pender, formed in line of battle on the left of the road leading to Gettysburg, Pa. In this order int advanced to within about 1 mile of Gettysburg, in readiness to support Major-General Heth's division. From this position the brigade moved still farther to the front, and took a position assigned to it by Lieutenant-General Hill. here we remained until near sunset, when, by General Pender's order, we took position near Gettysburg, on the right of the town, in support of artillery. This position was occupied until the night of July 2, when with General McGowan's brigade, lit was directed to take position in the

