
open field, about 300 yards in front of the enemy's line, on the right of General Ewell's corps. Here we remained until the night of July 3, when we were ordered to take position in the woods on the right of Gettysburg, near the town, from which place, on the night of July 4, the march was commenced toward Hagerstown, Md. The brigade lost many valuable men and officers in heavy skirmishing with the enemy. * The conduct of men and officers throughout the campaign was highly commendable. With highest respect, your obedient servant,

EDW'D L. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General.

Major JOSEPH A. ENGELHARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 560. Report of Brigadier General A. M. Scales, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.

HEADQUARTERS SCALES' BRIGADE, Camp near Orange Court-House, August 14, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade on Wednesday, July 1, at the battle of Gettysburg: In the first arrangement of the troops of Pender's light division, Lane's brigade was on the extreme left, and my brigade on his immediate right, with my left resting upon the turnpike leading from Cashtown to Gettysburg. McGowan's (South Carolina) brigade was on my right. A few minutes after the line of battle was thus formed, we received orders to advance. After marching about a quarter of a mile without any casualty, we were halted, and put i rear of the artillery belonging to A. P. Hill's corps. Here General Lane's brigade was changed to the extreme right of the division, leaving my brigade on the extreme left, without any change of position. After the lapse of some thirty minutes, we were again ordered to advance, which I did in good order, and under a pretty severe artillery fire from the enemy in my front. While thus advancing, I observed a regiment or two of the enemy about half a mile in our front, marching in line of battle parallel to the turnpike, and directly toward the road. They very soon engaged a regiment of our men (supposed to be a part of General Davis' brigade), who were advancing on the opposite side of the road. A heavy fight ensued, in which our friends, overpowered by numbers, gave way. Seeing this, the brigade quickened their step, and pressed on with a shout to their assistance. The enemy, with their flank thus exposed to our charge, immediately gave way, and fled in great confusion to the rear. We pressed on until coming up with the line in our front, which was at a halt and lying down. I received orders to halt, and wait for this line to advance. This they soon did, and pressed forward in quick time. That I might keep in supporting distance, I again

---------------

*For casualties July 1-3, see p. 344.

---------------

