
up the pike about 4 miles, and then took a road over the mountains, leaving the pike to the left, and moved toward Chaneyville, which point we reached the same evening. Here we bivouacked for the night, and the next day (Friday, 19th instant) we reached this place (Bloody Run), and reported to General Milroy in person, who arrived here from Hopewell about the same time. I cannot speak too highly of the good order and discipline displayed by both officers and men during the whole affair. Especially would I commend the cheerfulness and patience with which the men endured the march of five days, averaging nearly 30 miles per day, and with scarcely one ration of food during the whole march. Neither can I forbear speaking of the brave defense of Bunker Hill by the force under Major Morris, whereby the train of the Third Brigade was saved. The forces under command of the major at Bunker Hill were one company of the First New York Cavalry, two companies of the Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania, and two companies (A and I) of my command. They met an overwhelming force of the enemy in open field. They were driven back, losing nearly one-half their men in killed, wounded, and prisoners. It was here that Captain Cochran, of Company I, received a severe wound in the right arm and was taken prisoner. After being repulsed in the open field, they fell back to the churches, which they were occupying for quarters. These, being pierced with port-holes by knocking out now and then a brick, served as a defense from the fire of the enemy, while the port-holes could be used with telling effect upon the enemy. Here they fought from 5 p. m. of Saturday until dark, when the rebels sent in a flag of truce demanding the surrender of the command, to which the major replied, "We are not doing that kind of business. " Here they staid until 2 o'clock the next morning, when they evacuated their position, and fell back upon the forces at Winchester, making good their retreat. his report, somewhat lengthy and perhaps too much in detail, is respectfully submitted. This report, somewhat lengthy and perhaps too much in detail, is respectfully submitted.

James Washburn,

Colonel, Comdg. One hundred and sixteenth Regiment Ohio Vol. Inf.

Major John O. Cravens,

A. A. G. Second Division, Eighth Army Corps.

Numbers 389.

Report of Colonel William H. Ball, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Infantry, of operations June 13-15.

Hdqrs. 122nd Ohio Vol. Infantry, June 18, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to orders received yesterday evening, I beg leave most respectfully to report that my regiment was held in reserve on Saturday, the 13th instant, at camp near Winchester, Va. On Sunday morning, the 14th, the regiment occupied a position south of Romney road and near the camp of the One hundred and twenty-third Ohio, with Companies A, D, and E thrown forward as skirmishers, under Lieutenant-Colonel Granger. The skirmishers occupied the crest of the hill till noon, with frequent firing between them and the skirmishers of the enemy. At noon, Companies I and

