
ordered an advance, and, after marching one-fourth of a mile or more, again came upon the front line, halted and lying down. The officers on this part of the line informed me that they were without ammunition, and would not advance farther. I immediately ordered my brigade to advance. We passed over them, up the ascent, crossed the ridge, and commenced the descent just opposite the theological seminary. Here the brigade encountered a most terrific fire of grape and shell on our flank, and grape and musketry in our front. Every discharge made sad havoc in our line, but still we pressed on at a double-quick until we reached the bottom, a distance of about 75 yards from the ridge we had just crossed, and about the same distance from the college, in our front. Here I received a painful wound from a piece of shell, and was disabled. Our line had been broken up, and now only a squad here and there marked the place where regiments had rested. Every field officer of the brigade save one had been disabled, and the following list of casualties will attest sufficiently the terrible ordeal through which the brigade passed:

Officers &amp; men	Killed	Wounded	Missing	 Total

Officers	 9	 45	 1	 55

Enlisted men	 39	 336	 115	 490

TOTAL	 48	 381	 116	 545

Some few of the missing have returned. Others, no doubt, straggled and were made prisoners, while not a few, I have no doubt, were left dead or wounded on the field. I must be permitted to express here my highest admiration of the conduct of both officers and men in this charge. No body of men could have done better. When al did so well, it would be unjust to make distinctions. I must, however, be allowed to acknowledge my indebtedness to Lieutenant [J. D.] Young, of the Thirty-fourth Regiment, and Adjutant [J. W.] Riddick, of the same regiment, both acting on my staff during the day, for the services they rendered me. Cool, calm, and intelligent, they acted throughout the day with a gallantry that deserves this notice. In less than ten minutes after I was disabled and left the field, the enemy, as I learn, gave way, and the brigade, with the balance of the division, pursued them to the town of Gettysburg. For the operations of the brigade for the balance of the evening and during the two days' fight which followed, together with the falling back and the recrossing of the Potomac at Falling Waters, I respectfully refer you to the accompanying report of Colonel Lowrance, who was in command of the brigade. I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. SCALES,

Brigadier-General.

Major JOSEPH A. ENGELHARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* For casualties July 1-3, see p. 344.

---------------

