
where the Thirty-fourth was engaged in a skirmish with the enemy's cavalry on August 1. Our loss, 3 wounded and some missing. In all this campaign, the men endured with their usual forbearance, and bore all their trials and privations without a murmur. It is proper to mention the conduct of Captain [Hugh L.] Guerrant, assistant adjutant and inspector general, adjutant [D. M.] McIntire, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Young, acting aide-de-camp, who on all occasions rendered their services indispensable. I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

W. M. L. J. LOWRANCE,

Colonel Thirty-fourth North Carolina Troops, Comdg. Brigade.

Numbers 562. Report of Major William T. Poague, C. S. Army, commanding Artillery Battalion.

CULPEPER COUNTY, VA., July 30, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following account of the operations of the battalion under my command, from the time of leaving Fredericksburg, Va., to the present date: Without referring in detail to each day's marching, which made up by far the largest part of its operations, it may suffice to state that the battalion, consisting of three batteries, leaving Fredericksburg on June 15 and reaching Culpeper Court-House on the 17th, was assigned do duty with Major-General Pender's division. On the 21st, the command halted near Berryville, Va., where Captain [Joseph] Graham's (North Carolina) battery reported to me for duty. My battalion continued with General Pender's division until the morning of July 1, when it was detached, and directed to remain at Cashtown until further orders. About 11 o'clock I was ordered to the front, but the battalion took no part in the engagement of July 1 and 2 at Gettysburg, Pa. Late in the evening of the 2d, by your order, I reported to Major-General Anderson for duty, and at last succeeded in getting ten of my guns into position. The balance (six howitzers) were kept a short distance in rear, as no place could be found from which they could be used with advantage. Of the ten guns in position, three rifles and two Napoleons were posted on the left of Anderson's division, and not far from Pegram's battalion, and on the right of these and in front of Anderson's left, at the distance of 400 yards, five Napoleons were placed. These positions, separated by a body of timber, were about 1, 400 yards from the enemy's batteries, strongly posted on an eminence. Immediately on my right were the batteries of the First Corps. My battalion being necessarily separated, that part of it next Pegram's position, consisting of three of Wyatt's and two of Graham's guns, was placed in charge of Captain [James W.] Wyatt, while Captain [George] Ward was directed to superintend the guns of his own and of Brooke's battery. About 7 o'clock on the morning of the 3d, while I myself was at the position occupied by "Captain Ward, the guns under Captain Wyatt opened on the enemy's position. In a few minutes, the fire of several of their batteries was concentrated on these five guns, and seeing that 43 R R-VOL XXVII, PT II

