
under fire. The remaining battery of the command, under Lieutenant [Samuel] Wallace, was also placed in position near the Cashtown pike, and contributed its portion of work. The artillery fire on both sides was occasionally brisk, but deliberate on our part. At the time General Ewell's batteries occupied the enemy's attention, I opened on them a flank fire, which caused them to leave the position in haste. A fine opportunity was also afforded at this time of enfilading a heavy column of the enemy's infantry, formed in the railroad cut and along a line of fence, which was employed to advantage by my batteries in connection with Major Pegram's, and the enemy, entirely discomfited, disappeared from the field. Previous to this time, I had advanced two of my batteries to the intervening hollow, and followed close upon the enemy as he left the hills. No further movements were made during the day, the casualties begin 1 man killed of Captain Johnson's and 1 wounded of Captain Rice's by premature explosion, and several horses disabled. On Thursday morning, July 2, the battalion was put in position behind a stone wall, on the range of hills to the left of the town of Gettysburg, Captain Rice's battery in reserve. The enemy opened upon this spot at various times throughout the two succeeding days a terrible artillery fire, accompanied with a galling fire of musketry from their sharpshooters. Our line remained quiet until a movement forward being made by the First Corps, a few rounds were fired by us to draw the enemy's attention, which never failed to do so. The firing in the afternoon became extremely warm, and continued, and resulted in considerable loss, Lieutenants [J. W.] Tullis and [G. A.] Ferrell, of Hurt's battery, being wounded. Two guns were disabled in the first day's action-one 3-inch rifle (Lieutenant Wallace's) being struck upon its face, which was sent to the rear with the wagon, and one Whitworth having had an axle broken. The latter was taken to Major [George] Duffy's train, and repaired. The two Whitworth guns were moved Friday morning, by direction of Lieutenant General A. P. Hill, to a commanding point north of the railroad cut, to enable them to enfilace the enemy's position. They fired, it is believed, with effect from this point. In the afternoon, it was reported to me that the gun formerly disabled had broken its axle again, this time from its own firing. I immediately ordered it to be sent back to the rear for repairs, and learning the next morning that the gun was on the road, and could not be hauled along, I sent Captain Hurt to superintend it himself. He succeeded in getting it repaired, and followed with it by the route of the wagon train, leaving the rear part of his caisson somewhere on the road. Captain Hurt rejoined me at Hagerstown, the horses belonging to that gun being completely broken down. The day of the 3rd witnessed in great measure a repetition of the 2d. Previous to the charge of our men, a general fire of artillery commenced on the right, and extended along the left. The bombardment was replied to with equal spirit by the enemy, but their fire in time slackened, and, when the charge was made by our men, had almost entirely ceased. During the two day's engagement, and especially the terrific bombardment of the 3d, it gives me pleasure to speak of the general good conduct of officers and men of this command, and I am proud to say that, occupying a good position for observation, not a single case

