
Here we found the enemy's batteries in position, and partially concealed from view behind the crest of a hill. We opened upon them with ten Napoleons and seven rifled guns (the two 12-pounder howitzers were not brought into position, and one of Lieutenant [W. E.] Zimmerman's rifles was disabled while being brought rapidly into action), and forced them to limber up and retire their pieces three distinct times. They were brought back twice under shelter of the hills, in order to support their advancing infantry, whose lines our guns played upon as they advanced, with telling effect. During the day, Captain [T. A.] Brander's battery was ordered to report to Brigadier-General Davis, whose line was on the left of the pike, and considerably in advance of our position. Captain Brander was ordered to post his battery upon a hill immediately in rear of General Davis' skirmishers, about 500 yards from the enemy's batteries, and to open upon their infantry, which he did in handsome style, suffering considerably from the enemy's canister. Our casualties in this battle were very small, considering the heavy fire to which the battalion was exposed for a greater portion of the day. They Consisted of 2 men killed and 8 wounded; also 6 horses killed. We bivouacked the night of the 1st near the position we occupied during the day. At an early hour on the morning of the 2d, we took position a mile to the right of the pike, in advance of the position we occupied the day before, and opposite the Yankee center, about 1, 400 yards from the crest upon which his artillery was massed. From this position we opened upon the enemy at intervals, enfilading their batteries whenever they opened upon the batteries on our right. Our loss in the second day's fight was 2 men killed, 7 wounded, and 25 horses killed. We remained in this position, and were ordered about 12 o'clock on the third day to open upon the enemy's batteries in our front; and, when they were silenced and the batteries on our right advanced, we were ordered to advance our batteries to the cres the occupied by the Yankee guns. The enemy's cannoneers were driven repeatedly from their guns, and their batteries completely silenced. The artillery fight was one of the most terrific on record, and never were guns served more splendidly, and never did men behave more heroically, than the artillery men did in that memorable battle of the 3d. Had the result of that day's fight on the luckless heights around Gettysburg been dependent upon the heroic conduct of the artillery, we might now read upon the heroic conduct of the artillery, we might now read upon the resplendent roll of victories that have heretofore marked the career of the army of Northern Virginia the battle of Gettysburg. The infantry failed to dislodge the enemy from his position on the crest, and the operations of this battle at Gettysburg closed on the evening of July 3, with a total loss to the battalion of 10 men killed, 37 wounded, 38 horses killed, 3 guns and 1 caisson disabled, and 2 caissons exploded. It is here my painful duty to mention the loss on them morning of the 1st of my ordnance officer-a noble and gallant young officer, whose chivalrous nature led him to expose himself unnecessarily, in the hope of being of service on the field. He was mortally wounded by a solid shot, and survived but a few hours.

