
Where officers and men, one and all, behaved so well, it would be unjust to make discrimination, but living worth will gladly award the meed of praise to our fallen and lamented comrade, [John C.] Eustace, whose conspicuous gallantry in his last battle attracted the admiration of all who witnessed it. The battalion expended in the three days' fight 3, 800 rounds of ammunition. On the evening of the 4th, we were ordered to take up the line of march on the Fairfield road, and in rear of General Hill's corps. We arrived in the vicinity of Hagerstown on the 8th instant, without anything of interest transpiring. On the evening of the 10th, we reported to Major-General Heth at Funkstown, and on the morning of the 11th we took position in line with General Heth's division, near Saint Mary's [James'] College, where we remained without opening with our guns until the night of the 13th, when we recrossed the Potomac. Upon this march, we lost some 6 or 8 men prisoners, and hat to abandon howitzer caisson after every effort to save it had been made. When we reached Gaines' Cross-Roads, we received orders to move on the dirt road to Culpeper Court-House, in rear of General Heth's division. After mowing on this road for several miles, we found the enemy's cavalry posted to harass our advance. I posted Lieutenant Zimmerman's battery in position, and it soon succeeded in silencing the Yankee battery of four guns. Two of Captain [Joseph] McGraw's guns were also placed in position, and opened with effect upon the enemy's cavalry. Lieutenant [A. B.] Johnston's section afterward relieved Lieutenant Zimmerman, and, with Captain McGraw's section, remained in position until the rear guard of the corps came up, when they were withdrawn. Lieutenant Zimmerman had 3 men wounded, and was himself knocked down by a piece of shell. The other battery suffered no loss. We encamped at Culpeper Court-House for two days, and reached this encampment on July 28. Respectfully submitted.

E. C. BRUNSON,

Captain, Commanding Battalion.

Lieutenant W. W. CHAMBERLAYNE,

Acting Adjutant, Artillery Third Corps.

Numbers 565. Reports of Major General J. E. B. Stuart, C. S. Artmy, commanding cavalry, Army of Northern Virginia.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, June 13, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the battle of Fleetwood, fought on the 9th instant: Soon after dawn on the morning of the 9th, sharp firing of small-arms was heard in the direction of Beverly Ford, indicating a cross-

