
K and a portion of B relieved A and D, and occupied the same position. About 1 p. m. Companies F and H (see Note 1), under order of General Milroy, moved to the south part of the town of Winchester, to prevent the occupation of that part of the town by the skirmishers of the enemy. These companies were sharply engaged with the enemy's skirmishers, and were occasionally fired on from private houses. About 5 p. m., by order of General Milroy (see Note 2), the regiment and the skirmishers (I, K, and a part of B) advanced. Lieutenant-Colonel Granger, with his skirmishers, advanced rapidly upon a rifle-pit and stone wall occupied by the enemy, and, when within 20 paces of it, engaged what appeared to be a battalion, fired three rounds, and retired in good order to the crest of the hill, and held that position until relieved by the One hundred and twenty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, when the entire returned to the fortifications. In this affair, Lieutenant Scott, of Company B, received a flesh wound in the right thigh; 1 man was killed, 8 wounded, 12 missing. Lieutenant-Colonel Granger, Captains Gary and Ross, Lieutenants Black, Scott, and Armstrong, and the men, displayed a high degree of courage and coolness. The regiment was then posted in the principal fortification, to defend it against an assault, and remained there until the retreat to Harper's Ferry was commenced, Monday morning, the 15th. When 4 miles out on the Martinsburg road, the enemy's pickets having fired, a line of battle was formed. I was ordered to form on the One hundred and tenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. When completing the formation, I was ordered to form in rear of the One hundred and twenty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry. Just as that formation was being made, I was ordered to follow the One hundred and tenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, which had been moved off the field some time before and was out of sight. The regiments being so separated, I did not engage the enemy as soon as the One hundred and tenth. I formed on the right of the One hundred and tenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and the two regiments advanced within the skirt of the woods and engaged the enemy, who occupied the woods with infantry and artillery. After a sharp action, the line was advanced at least 100 yards and to within 20 paces of the enemy's artillery, where a terrible fire was maintained for fifteen or twenty minutes by both parties. The artillery was driven back over 100 yards, and for a time silenced by the fire of our stifles. By order of Colonel Keifer, the two regiments then retreated beyond the range of the enemy's infantry, reformed, and again advanced within the woods (see Note 3), and, after a sharp engagement, retreated, by order of Colonel Keifer, the enemy then moving on our flank. We then continued the retreat to Harper's Ferry under command of General Milroy (see Note 4). In these attacks my regiment lost: Killed, 1 officer (Captain Gibeaut) and 6 men; wounded, 16 men; missing in action, 5 officers and 230 men; captured in hospital and on individual detached duty, 9 officers and 124 men. The conduct of my officers and men was most commendable.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. Ball,

Colonel, Comdg. 122nd Ohio Vol. Infantry.

Captain J. E. Jacobs, Assistant Adjutant-General.

