
ing of the Rappahannock by the enemy. Brigadier-General Jones, whose pickets were at that ford, having heard the firing, notified me of it, and having first sent forward his grand guard, put the remainder of his command quickly in the saddle, and repaired to the support of his pickets. The Horse Artillery, encamped on the Beverly Ford road, was hastily hitched up and put in position, and orders were given to Brigadier-Generals Hampton and Robertson to move their brigades to the front, and to W. H. F. Lee, near Wellfolrd's, to move his brigade toward Beverly, drawing toward him Fitz. Lee's brigade, commanded by Colonel [Thomas T.] Munford, each having a section of [James] Breathed's battery. Before the commands had reached Fleetwood heights, where I encamped the night before, I received notice from General Robertson's pickets, at Kelly's Ford, that the enemy was crossing infantry with some cavalry at that point, two regiments being already over. I therefore sent Colonel [John L.] Black's First South Carolina Cavalry, of Hampton's brigade, down that road, to hold the enemy in check till Robertson's brigade could relieve him. Hampton's brigade was directed to a more central position between the two roads, on Jones' right, excepting the Second South Carolina Cavalry, Colonel [M. C.] Butler, which was held in reserve at Brandy. While these dispositions were being made, Jones' brigade became hotly engaged with the enemy's infantry and cavalry forces, which were advancing though the extensive woodland on the Beverly Ford road, and extricated the Horse Artillery from its exposed position. Brigadier-General Jones commanded in this contest (in which Acting Brigadier General B. F. Davis, U. S. Army, was killed), the Horse Artillery taking position to command the road and the open space on either side, near Saint James' Church, being at the same time in plain view of Fleetwood. Robertson's brigade having been sent toward Kelly's I repaired in person to Jones' position, and found the enemy checked, and his advance apparently abandoned. The movement of W. H. F. Lee's brigade toward Beverly Ford contributed to check the advance of the enemy at this point, for, attacking him in flank, he seriously threatened his rear, while Hampton closed upon his left flank, deploying sharpshooters in the woods in his front. Hearing from General Robertson that the enemy wa still crossing at Kelly's, and that the cavalry that had crossed there (apparently two regiments) was moving in the direction of Stevensburg, Colonel Butler's First [Second] South Carolina Cavalry was ordered at once to the latter point, and Wickham's regiment Fourth Virginia Cavalry, was sent to his support; also one piece of artillery, and the promise of more force, if he needed it. I had all the wagons of the division sent to the rear, toward Culpeper Court-House, including every vestige of my own camp. I also sent Asst. Engineer F. S. Robertson to Brandy, to attend in person to the posting of a dismounted battalion of Hampton's brigade down the road from Brandy Station toward Carrico's Mills, one of the approaches from Kelly's I afterward ascertained that this battalion could not be found, and was consequently never posted. General Robertson reported the enemy in force of artillery and infantry in his front, and the cavalry bearing farther to his right. Brigadier-General Jones had sent me an infantry prisoner of Slocum's corps. These facts, as well as the strength and advantages of the position, determined me to make the

