
South Carolina Cavalry, thus checking his advance on the hill, while the First North Carolina Cavalry (Colonel Baker), supported by the Jeff. Davis Legion, Lieutenant-Colonel Waring (Hampton's brigade), sweeping around on Young's left, facing southward, made a series of charges most successful and brilliant Colonel Lomax, Eleventh Virginia Cavalry (Jones' brigade), charged directly over the crest, took the enemy's artillery (three pieces), capturing the cannoneers, and it was soon after turned upon the enemy. Colonel Lomax pushed thence directly to Brandy Station, a short distance to his front and right, and, dispersing the enemy at that point, after a sharp encounter pursued his fleeing forces down the road toward Kelly's till the fire of our artillery, directed upon the retreating column, made it necessary to desist. The dust was so great that it was impossible to distinguish friends from foes at that distance. General Hanpton had an opportunity, being directly on the enemy's flank, or cutting off a large portion of the force which attacked our right flank, which he was directed to improve, but the fire of our artillery, it appears, stopped him also. Two of his regiments (the Cobb Legion and First South Carolina Cavalry) were ordered by me to reform in the flat near Fleetwood, as a support to our artillery. Robertson's brigade, which, in withdrawing from the vicinity of Kelly's Ford, had some distance to march, reached the scene of action too late to participate in the fight. My first care now was to open communication with Culpeper and Stevensburg, which Colonel Lomax was directed to do, and which was soon effected. Until this time, I had heard nothing from Stevensburg since Colonel Butler first moved down from Brandy. The enemy, with infantry and artillery, now debouched rapidly from the direction of Thompson's house and Saint James' Church (Jones' late position on our left), and threatened an immediate attack on the hill (Fleetwood), firing furiously. This advance upon Fleetwood made it absolutely necessary to desist from our pursuit of the force retreating toward Kelly's, particularly as the infantry known to be on that road would very soon have terminated the pursuit. Jones' brigade was posted behind Fleetwood with artillery on the heights, and his sharpshooters were engaged with the enemy's infantry to the left. Hampton's brigade was in position on the right as we now faced (northward). Our artillery had scarcely around of ammunition left, but great exertions were made to supply it. Brigadier General W. H. F. Lee having joined our left, facing northward, on the same range of hill, s was closely followed by Buford's division, composed principally of regulars, while the infantry skirmishers pushed through the woods to within 300 yards of our position. At this moment, General W. H. F. Lee engaged the enemy in a series of brilliant charges with his regiments, alternately routing the enemy, and, overpowered, falling back to reform. This continued till Munford's brigade, which, having been anxiously expected, arrived opposite this portion of the field, and was ordered in at once to the attack in flank. The enemy fell back, and Munford's sharpshooters

