
was mortally wounded by the same shell, and displayed even in death the same loftiness of bearing and fortitude which have characterized him through life. He had served without emolument, long, faithfully, and always with distinction. No nobler champion has fallen. May his spirit abide with us! My own staff, on this, as on all other occasions, acquitted themselves handsomely.

Major Heros von Borcke, a gallant Prussian, who has fought bravely and served faithfully for one year, was everywhere, animating by his presence and prowess, and checking the wavering and broken.

Major H. B. McClellan, assistant adjutant-general, displayed the same zeal, gallantry, and efficiency which has on every battle-field, in the camp, or on the march, so distinguished him as to cause his selection for his present post. Surg. Talcott Eliason;

Major Andrew R. Venable, assistant adjutant-general; Captain W. W. Balckford, engineers; Captain John Esten Cooke, chief of ordnance; Captain J. L. Clarke, volunteer aide; First Lieutenant C. Dabney, aide-de-camp, and Major Norman R. Fitzhugh, division quartermaster, all in their respective spheres acquitted themselves in highly creditable manner, Surgeon Eliason, though without sa superior in his profession, would, from his conduct on the field excel as a colonel of cavalry. First Lieutenant Robert H. Goldsborough, aide-de-camp, while bearing an important message to Colonel Wickham, was captured by the enemy. Captain Balckford, engineers, has prepared a map of the country embraced in these operations. * To members of my personal escort, composed of privates from the ranks, I am specially indebted, acting as they did in the capacity of bearers of dispatches, oral or written. The discharged their duty with a zeal, fidelity, and intelligent deserving high praise. Private Foy, of General Robertson's escort, was the first who brought me reliable news of the enemy's movement toward Stenensburg. Captain W. B. Wooldridge, Fourth Virginia Cavalry, Lieutenant J. L. Jones, Second Virginia Cavalry, and Lieutenant R. B. Kennon, Provisional Army, Confederate States, members of General court-martial, Fitz. Lee's brigade, lately adjourned, while en route to join their commands, met near Brandy a party of the enemy. Collecting a fes stragglers, they attacked and routed the party, which was more than double their number, capturing a lieutenant, 6 privates, and a guidon.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. G. STUART,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General R. H. CHILTON,

Asst. Adjt. and Insp. General, Army of Northern Virginia.

---------------

*See p. 686.

---------------

