
ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, June 16, 1863.

Major General J. E. B. STUART,Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I have received and read, with much pleasure, your report of the recent engagement at Fleetwood. The dispositions made by you to meet the strong attack of the enemy appear to have been judicious and well planned. The troops were well and skillfully managed, and, with few exceptions, conducted themselves with marked gallantry. The result of the action calls for our grateful thanks to Almighty God, and is honorable alike to the officers and amen engaged.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE, General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, August 20, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Cavalry division, Army of Northern Virginia, from the time of crossing the Rappahannock on June 16, to July 24, when having recrossed the Blue Ridge after the Pennsylvania campaign, our pickets were re-established on the south bank of the Rappahannock: After holding in check a cavalry force at least double our own for months, with a command stretched on the outposts from the Blue Ridge to the Chesapeake, engaging in numerous hand-to-hand encounters, illustrating the superiority of southern cavalry, it was with joy that the order of the commanding general to advance was received by the cavalry. I was instructed by the commanding general to leave a sufficient force on the Rappahannock to watch the enemy in front, and move the main body parallel to the Blue Ridge and on Longstreet's right flank, who was to move near the base of the mountains, through Fauquier and Loudoun Counties. The position of the enemy as far as known was as follows: his cavalry massed in Fauquier, principally from Warrenton Springs to Catlett's Station, with the Twelfth Carps and other infantry supports, the main body of Hooker's army being in Stafford and Lower Fauquier, hastening to interpose itself between our main body and Washington, with a corps or two confronting A. P. Hill's corps at Fredericksburg, l having made a lodgment on the south side of the river there, near the mouth of Deep Run. I accordingly left the Fifteenth Virginia Cavalry (Major [C. R.] Collins), W. H. F. Lee's brigade, on the Lower Rappahannock, cooperating with A. P. Hill, and directed Brigadier-General Hampton to remain with his brigade on the Rappahannock, in observation of the enemy during the movement of our forces, and directed also Fitz. Lee's brigade (Colonel T. T. Munford temporarily in command) to cross on the morning of the 15th at Rockford, and take the advance of Longstreet's column, via Barbee's Cross-Roads, and put Robertson's and W. H. F. Lee's brigade en route to cross the Rappahannock lower down (at Hinson's Mills), while Jones' brigade followed, with orders to picket the Aestham River the first day. The movement was not interrupted the enemy having disappeared

