
every advantage, and could more readily debouch for attack. In withdrawing, while riding at my side, the brave and heroic Major von Borcke received a very severe, and it was thought fatal, wound in the neck from one of the enemy's sharpshooters, who, from a stone fence a few hundred yards off, poured a tempest of bullets over us. I will not pause here to record the praise due this distinguished Prussian. The enemy did not attack our new position on the 19th. Jones' brigade came up on the evening of the 19th, and was ordered to the left, near Union General Fitz. Lee's brigade being farther to the left, looking out for Snicker's Gap and the Snickersville pike. Hampton's brigade arrived on the 20th, too late to attack the enemy, still in possession of Middleburg. A continuous rain was also an obstacle to military operations. Skirmishing, however, continued principally on our left, beyond Goose Creek where Colonel Rosser, with his regiment (Fifth Virginia Cavalry), attacked and drove the enemy's force across the stream in handsome style. He was supported by Brigadier-General Jones with a portion of his brigade. I was extremely anxious now to attack the enemy as early as possible, having, since Hampton's arrival, received sufficient re-enforcement to attack the enemy's cavalry, but the next morning (21st) being the Sabbath, I recognized my obligation to do no duty other than what was absolutely necessary,, and determined, so far as was in my power, to devote it to rest. Not so the enemy, whose guns about 8 a. m. showed that he would not observe it. Had I attacked the enemy, I would have encountered, besides his cavalry, a heavy force of infantry and artillery, and the result would have been disastrous, no doubt. Hampton's and Robertson's brigades were moved to the front to a position previously chosen, of great strength against a force of ordinary size, or against cavalry alone; but although the enemy's advance was held in check gallantly and decidedly for a long time, it soon became evident that the enemy, utterly foiled for days in his attempt to force our lines, had, as usual, brought a heavy infantry force-part of the Fifth Corps, under General Vincent-to his support, and its advance was already engaged in conjunction with the cavalry. I therefore directed General Hampton to withdraw to the next height whenever his position was hard pressed, and sent orders at once to Colonel Chamgbliss and General Jones-the former having informed me that the enemy was advancing in heavy force in his front-to afford all the resistance possible, and General Jones to join to his left, and, retiring apace with the main body, to effect a junction with it at Upperville, where I proposed to make a more determined stand than was compatible with our forces divided. The commands were from 4 to 6 miles apart. In retiring from the first position before Middleburg, one of the pieces of Captain [J. F.] Hart's battery of horse artillery had the axle broken by one of the enemy's shot, and the piece had to be abandoned, which is the first piece of my horse artillery which has ever fallen into the enemy's hands. Its full value was paid in the slaughter it made in the enemy's hands. Its full value was paid in the slaughter it made in the enemy's ranks, and it was well sold. The next position was on the west bank of Goose Creek, whence, after receiving the enemy's attack, and after repulsing him with slaughter, I again withdrew en echelon of regiments in plain view, and under fired of the enemy's guns. Nothing could exceed the cool-

