
ness and self-possession of officers and men in these movements, performing evolutions with a precision under fire that must have wrung the tribute of admiration from the enemy, even, who dared not trust his cavalry unsupported to the sabers of such men. In the meantime, Jones' and W. H. F. Lee's brigades were hotly engaged with another column of the enemy moving parallel to this, and were gradually retiring toward Upperville, before reaching which point, however, the enemy had pressed closely up, so as to render an attempt to effect junction at Upperville hazardous to those brigades, and also made it necessary for Hampton's and Robertson's brigades to move at once to the west side of Upperville, on account of the number of roads concentrating at that point, so as to favor the enemy's flank movements. I was anxious on account of the women and children to avoid a conflict in the village, but the enemy, true to those reckless and inhuman instincts, sought to take advantage of this disinclination on our part, by attacking furiously our rear guard. In an instant, the same men who had with so much coolness retired before the enemy, wheeled about, and with admirable spirit drove back the enemy, killing, wounding, and capturing a large number. In this, General Hampton's brigade participated largely and in a brilliant manner. His report, not yet sent in, will no doubt give full particulars. After this repulse, which was not followed up, as the enemy's infantry was known to be in close supporting distance, I withdrew the command leisurely to the mountain gap west of Upperville. The enemy attacked Brigadier-General Robertson, bringing up the rear in this movement, and was handsomely repulsed. The brave and efficient Colonel [P. G.] Evans, of the Sixty-third North Carolina troops, was, however, severely, and it was feared fatally, wounded, his body falling into the hands of the enemy. Jones' and W. H. F. Lee's brigades joined the main body near the gap, and positions were taken to dispute any farther advance. The day was far spent. The enemy did not attack the gap, but appeared to go into camp at Upperville. In the conflicts on the left, the enemy was roughly handled. Lieutenant-Colonel [M.] Lewis, Ninth Virginia Cavalry, was very severely, and it was believed fatally, wounded, and left in the hands of the enemy. The reports of brigade commanders will show further details of these encounters. Fitz. Lee's brigade being before Snicker's Gap, did not participate in these operations. By night, part of Longstreet's corps occupied the mountain pass, and the cavalry was ordered farther back for rest and refreshment, of which it was sorely in need, leaving ample pickets in front and on either flank. When the mist had sufficiently cleared away next morning, it was evident the enemy was retiring, and the cavalry was ordered up immediately to the front, to follow. The enemy was pursued to within a short distance of Aldie, and a number captured. Colonel Rosser, Fifth Virginia Cavalry, having been sent across from Snickersville early to reconnoiter, contributed very materially to the vigor of this pursuit. Major [John] Eells, of his regiment, a gallant and meritorious officer, was killed in a charge upon the enemy near Goose Creek Bridge. Our lines were much farther advanced than before, and Monday, the 22d, was consumed in their re-establishment. Our loss in these operations was 65 killed, 279 wounded, and 166 missing. I resumed my own position at Rector's Cross-Roads, and, being in

