
burg road about 1 mile from town, and to remove everything out of camp, excepting tents, to the west side of the fortification, and for the regiment to locate on the Pughtown road, about 1 mile west of the main fortification. On the morning of Sunday, we placed pickets on the rise of ground on the extreme north and west of the fortification, and sent out scout of two companies on the Puhgtown road, and also to cross over to the Strasburg road. They returned about 1 or 2 o'clock; reported no rebels in that direction. During the day the woods were shelled from our fortification in every direction, a small force of rebels appearing on the Front Royal road until about 5 o'clock, when the rebels came up in the rear in large force; took possession of the hill west and north of our fortification. Commenced throwing the shells in every direction. We moved along the Pughtown road to the front or south of our fortification. Remained there until ordered to leave. About 3 a. m. of Monday [15th], we were placed as the advance guard. After proceeding about 4 miles out of town on the Martinsburg road, our advance guard was stopped by rebel pickets. We sent re-enforcement. Drove the pickets into the woods, when firing commenced on our advance guard from both sides of the road, which was returned with real spirit and determination, not only by our advance guard, but the right of the regiment, which had advanced to their relief or to sustain them. In this position we remained about fifteen or twenty minutes before the infantry came up. When they came, they flanked the rebels right and left; opened the most deadly and terrific fire I ever witnessed. Our regiment retired in good order a few rods until the rebels opened up their cannon, throwing their shell among us, so that we were compelled to leave. Our regiment (the Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry) left in good order, losing 3 killed and a number wounded and missing. We proceeded to Bath and to Hancock; then to Bedford, and here.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

Darius Titus,

Major Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Major John O. Cravens, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 391.

Report of Major Michael Kerwin, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, of operations June 13-15.

Near Maryland Heights, Md., June 18, 1863.

Captain: On Saturday, June 13, about 3 a. m., the regiment was ordered under arms, and at 8. 30 a. m. moved out on the Strasburg road. After marching about 1 1/2 miles in the direction of Strasburg, the regiment was ordered on the left flank, about half a mile from the road. The regiment began to skirmish with the enemy about 10 a. m., which resulted in the wounding of 1 horse in the breast. We held our position until the enemy began to shell us, when the regiment changed position to the right of the Strasburg road. As the rebels advanced in force, we gradually retreated to the mill, with 1 man and 2 horses wounded by pieces of shell.

