
a display of Spartan heroism on the part of his command could have saved those wagons from the torch of the enemy. I communicated with him after opening the road, by a lieutenant, whom I met but a short distance from the town. Officers present with General Imboden during the attack assure me I am right in the foregoing opinion. I wa apprised when about midway that Lieutenant-General Longstreet had arrived at Hagerstown. As a part of the operations of this period, I will here report that about 60 of the wagons belonging to Lee's brigade, while in the special charge of General Imboden, en route to Williamsport, near Mercersburg, were captured by the enemy. A court of inquiry has been convened to inquire into the circumstances of this capture. I therefore forbear animadversion on the subject. My command bivouacked near Hagerstown, and I took position that night on the road leading from Hagerstown to Boonsborough. The next day [July 7], I proceeded to Downsville, establishing there a portion of Wofford's brigade, sent me for the purpose by General Longstreet, and posted Jenkins' cavalry brigade on that portion of our front in advance of the infantry. Robertson's brigade, being small, and the enemy being least threatening from that direction, was assigned to the north front of Hagerstown, connecting with General Jones, on the right, on the Cavetown road. The Maryland cavalry was ordered on the National road and toward Greencastle, on a scout. On the 8th, the cavalry was thrown forward toward Boonsborough, advancing on the different roads, in order, by a bold demonstration, to threaten an advance upon the enemy, and thus cover the retrograde of the main body. The move was successful, the advance under General Jones encountering the enemy on the Boonsborough road, at Beaver Creek Bridge, from which point to the verge of Boonsborough an animated fight ensued, principally on foot, the ground being entirely too soft from recent rains to operate successfully with cavalry. This contest was participated in a very handsome manner by the other brigades [Fitz, Lee's, Hampton's, now commanded by Baker, and W. H. F. Lee's, commanded by Chambliss] and the Stuart Horse Artillery. Prisoners taken assured us the main cavalry force of the enemy was in our front, which, notwithstanding their known superiority in numbers and range of fire-arms, was driven steadily before us, our brave men, nothing daunted or dispirited by the reverses of the army, maintaining a predominance of pluck over the enemy calculated to excite the pride and admiration of beholders. Just as we neared the village, Jenkins' brigade, under Ferguson, moved up on the Williamsport road, driving the enemy on that flank in such a manner as to cause him to begin his withdrawal from the village go the mountain pass. His batteries had been driven away from the hill by the Napoleons of McGregor's battery, which, for close fighting, evinced this day their great superiority over rifled guns of greater number. About this time, I was informed that the enemy was heavily re-enforced, and that our ammunition, by this protracted engagement, was nearly exhausted; and, despairing of getting possession of the town, which was completely commanded by artillery in the mountain gap, and believing that, in compelling the enemy to act upon the defensive [all that day retreating before us], the desired object had been fully attained, I began to retire toward Funkstown, excepting Jenkins' brigade, which was ordered to its former position on the Williamsport road. The enemy, observing this from his mountain

