
perch, tried to profit by it with a vigorous movement on our heels, but was foiled. As the last regiment was crossing the bridge over Beaver Creek, a squadron of the enemy more bold than its comrades galloped forward as if to charge. Steadily a portion of the First North Carolina Cavalry awaited their arrival within striking distance, but, before reaching their vicinity, the enemy veered off across the fields, when a Blakely gun of Chew's battery, advantageously posted on a point, marked their movement, and, although the squadron moved at a gallop, never did sportsman bring down his bird with more unerring shot than did that Blakely tell upon that squadron. In vain did it turn to the right and left. Each shot seemed drawn to the flying target with fatal accuracy, until the enemy, driven by the shots of the Blakely and followed by shouts of derision of our cavalry, escaped at full speed over the plain. The command moved leisurely to the vicinity of Funkstown, and bivouacked for the night. The fight of the 8th administered a quietus to the enemy on the 9th, and my command kept the position in front of Funkstown assigned to it the night before. The left of our main line of battle now rested just in rear of Funkstown, on the Antietam, and some infantry and artillery were thrown forward as a support to the cavalry beyond. The enemy advanced on the 10th on the Boonsborough road, and our cavalry was engaged dismounted nearly all day. General Jones was farther to the left, on the Cavetown road, and the infantry was placed in position covering Funkstown, with dismounted cavalry on each flank. The enemy's advance was handsomely repulsed, in which Lieutenant-Colonel Witcher's cavalry, on foot, behind a stone fence immediately on the left of the turnpike, performed a very gallant part, standing their ground with unflinching tenacity. On the left, a portion of Fitz. Lee's brigade, under Captain Wooldridge, Fourth Virginia Cavalry, who handled his skirmishers with great skill and effect, compelled the enemy's infantry to seek cover in a body of woods at some distance from our lines. In this day's operations, the infantry before mentioned participated very creditably, indeed, in the center, and I regret exceedingly that I have not the means of knowing the regiments and commanders, so as to mention them with that particularity to which by their gallantry they are entitled; but their conduct has no doubt been duly chronicled by their commanders, and laid before the commanding general, a part of which was under his own eye. Owing to the great ease with which the position at Funkstown could be flanked on the right, and, by a secret movement at night, the troops there cut off, it was deemed prudent to withdraw at night to the west side of the Antietam, which was accordingly done. July 11 was not characterized by any general engagement, excepting that General Fitz. Lee, now on the right, toward Downsville, was compelled to retire upon the main body; and the main body having assumed a shorter line, with its left resting on the National road, just west of Hagerstown, Chambliss' brigade was sent to that flank, and General Fitz. Lee's also. The enemy made no movement on Jones' front, embracing the Funkstown and Cavetown roads. On the 12th, firing began early, and the enemy having advanced on several roads on Hagerstown, our cavalry forces retired without serious resistance, and massed on the left of the main body, reach-

