
Major Henry B. McClellan, my adjutant-general, was constantly at my side, and with his intelligence, ready pen, and quick comprehension, greatly facilitated the discharge of my duties. The untiring energy, force of character, and devotion to duty of Major A. R. Venable, my inspector-general, and Lieutenant G. M. Ryals, C. S. Army, provost-marshal, deserve my special gratitude and praise. The same qualities, united to a thorough knowledge of much of the country, are ascribable to Captain B. S. White, C. S. Army, who, though still suffering from a severe wound received at Fleetwood, accompanied the command, and his services proclaim him an officer of merit and distinction. Chief Surgeon Eliason; Captain Blackford, engineer; Captain [John Esten] Cooke, ordnance officer; Lieutenant [Chiswell] Dabney, aide-de-camp; Asst. Engineer F. S. Robertson; Cadet [W. Q.] Hullihen, C. S. Army, and Lieutenant H. Hagan, Virginia Provisional Army, all performed their duties with commendable zeal and credit. Major [Norman R.] Fitzbugh, chief, and Captain J. M. Hanger, assistant quartermaster, and Major W. J. Johnson, chief commissary, discharged their arduous duties in their usual highly creditable manner. First Lieutenant R. B. Kennon, Provisional Army Confederate States, temporarily attached, on two different occasions was intrusted with duties attended with great peril, which he performed in a highly successful and satisfactory manner-once in testing experimentally at night an unknown ford on the Potomac, and again in bearing a dispatch to the commanding general from Emmitsburg. Grateful to the Giver of all good for the attainment of such results with such small comparative losses,

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON,

Chief of Staff, Army of Northern Virginia.

MEMORANDA.

Privates Benjamin F. Weller, Company E, and Robert W. Goode, Company G, First Virginia Cavalry, as couriers at these headquarters, rendered distinguished service, exhibiting rare intelligence, great daring, and heroism. My field telegraph operator [J. Thompson Quarles] was present throughout, and when no opportunity offered for practicing in his profession, was active and enterprising in the discharge of other duties, assigned him. Actg. Sergt. S. A. Nelson, Fourth Virginia Cavalry, was ever faithful and indefatigable in his operations, and was ever ready and willing for duty.

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General, Commanding.

