
left the 30 pounder battery on Maryland Heights for Winchester, via Martinsburg, Wednesday, June 10, pursuant to orders from department headquarters. The journey was by rail as far as Martinsburg, where the company encamped the same night. Thursday, the 11th, it marched from Martinsburg to Winchester, a distance of 22 miles, the road passing through Darkesville and Bunker Hill. Arriving at Winchester Thursday evening, and reporting to Major-General Milroy, the company was assigned to garrison the principal fortification there, known as the flag fort, Captain Martins being under the orders of Captain W. Angelo Powell, engineer-in-chief. The armament consisted of four 20-pounder Parrott rifled cannon and two 24-pounder brass howitzers, of which Company I at once took charge. Friday, June 12, Captain Martins was ordered to report to Brigadier-General Elliott. Saturday, June 13, early in the morning, the enemy appeared between the Front Royal road and The Strasburg road, and an engagement took place between them and our forces, lasting the greater part of the day. A part of the time the enemy was in sight of the fort, distant about 5, 000 yards, and some 70 shell were fired at them from the fort, with the effect, according to Captain Powell's statement, of dismounting two of the enemy's pieces and throwing his infantry into disorder. During Saturday night, the 13th instant, General Milroy disposed his main force around and in the fortifications, and at daybreak of Sunday, June 14, took up his headquarters in the flag fort. During Sunday, the enemy gradually encircled the town and fortifications, skirmishing going on all the time. Company I took a more active part in the engagement than before, shelling the enemy in his rifle-pits and other places of concealment all day. In the afternoon, Lieutenant Hanson, with two detachments, in charge of a 24 pounder howitzer, took part in a skirmish and reconnaissance in the open plain below the fort, the party, which also included a regiment of infantry and a squadron of cavalry, being under clouded a regiment of infantry and a squadron of cavalry, being under the command of Colonel Ely, of the Eighteenth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers. The result of this reconnaissance was the killing of 1 rebel captain, wounding several, and capturing 11 prisoners. About 5 p. m. Monday, June 15, General Milroy ordered a retreat. By his order, Company I remained last in the fort, to spike the guns after the others had left. This was successfully done. All the company property and all the knapsacks and baggage were necessarily abandoned, and are supposed to have fallen into the hands of the enemy. Company I marched in the rear of the column, directly behind the Sixth Maryland Regiment. About 4 miles from Winchester we were attacked by a strong force of the enemy. General Milroy, with the head of the column, pushed his way through. Company I, with the Sixth Maryland Regiment, found themselves cut off from the rest, but under the able direction of the field officers of the Sixth Maryland made their way to Harper's Ferry by a very severe march, avoiding the towns of Berryville, Smithfield, and Charlestown, and taking country roads and striking through the woods until they

