
ing the sharpshooters to mount and follow. Another message from General Stuart met me as I was moving to attack the enemy, ordering up a second regiment at a gallop. I directed Colonel Young, Cobb's Legion, to take a gallop, and to charge the enemy, who were then driving our men in my front. The same orders were extended to Colonel Black, First South Carolina, who followed the Cobb Legion closely. In conjunction with this charge on the enemy in front, I moved with the First North Carolina and the Jeff. Davis Legion so as to turn his right. The lading regiments [Cobb's Legion and First South Carolina] charged gallantly up the steep hill upon which the enemy were strongly posted, and swept them off in a perfect rout without a pause or a check. Their guns were abandoned and many of their men killed and captured. In the meantime, as the enemy attempted to escape down the side of the railroad, the two regiments which were with me met the head of their fleeing column, and dispersed it in every direction. The First North Carolina, which was in front, took many prisoners and the colors of the Tenth New York Regiment. The capture of the whole force which had been driven from the hill would have been almost certain but that our own artillery, which had again been posted on the hill we had recovered, opened a heavy and well-directed fire at the head of my column. The delay rendered necessary to make this fire cease enabled the enemy to gain the woods in his rear. I at once prepared to follow them, and ordered Colonels Black and Young to join me with their regiments, as I had only a portion of the First North Carolina Regiment and of the Jeff. Davis Legion with me. In response to my order, their officers informed me that they had been directed by General Stuart to remain where they were, to support the battery on the hill. No notice of this disposition of half of my brigade by General Stuart had been given to me by that officer, and I found myself deprived of two of my regiments at the very moment they could have reaped the fruits of the victory they had so brilliantly won. This division of my command left me too small a force to operate to advantage, and when the other regiments rejoined me, I received orders to assume a position to protect the hill. This was done, and this closed the offensive operations of my brigade for the day until late in the afternoon, when we drove a small party across the river, below the railroad bridge. While in my position, however, to hold the hill, my men were subjected to a heavy artillery fire, which they bore without even a momentary confusion. The Second South Carolina, which had been left to protect Brandy Station, was ordered off by General Stuart without notifying me, and, after its removal, the enemy took un-resisted possession of the station, which was in the rear of our whole position. This regiment having been detached from my command during the whole fight, I can make no report of its operations. I have called for a report from the officers who commanded it, and it shall be forwarded as soon as received. The accompanying reports of Colonels Baker, Black, Young, and Lieutenant-Colonel Waring are forwarded for the information of the major-general commanding. these reports show an aggregate loss of 15 killed, 55 wounded, and 50 missing; total loss, 120. Among the killed I regret to announce the name of Lieutenant Colonel Frank Hampton, Second South Carolina Regiment, a brave and gallant officer, and that of Captain Robin Ap. C. Jones, First South Carolina, a most admirable officer, who fell while gallantly leading his men in the dashing charge made by his regiment.

