
In the list of wounded are Colonel Butler, who has lost his leg, thus depriving the service [for the present only, I trust] of one of the most gallant and able officers it has been my good fortune to command; Captain [R.] Barringer, First North Carolina, who acted as field officer on that occasion, and who bore himself with marked coolness and good conduct; Captain [J. R. P] Fox, First South Carolina, who commanded well the sharpshooters from that regiment, and Lieutenants [James L.] Clanton and [F. A.] Singuefield, of the Cobb Legion. For particular instances of good conduct on the part of officers and men, I beg to refer to reports of regimental commanders. I cannot close this report without expressing my entire satisfaction at the conduct of the four regiments which were under my immediate command and observation. I have never seen any troops display greater coolness, bravery, and steadiness. The sharpshooters charged and drove back the infantry skirmishers of the enemy, holding them in check perfectly on the extreme right of our line. When the enemy had gained my rear, and it became necessary to dispossess them of the hill they had gained, which commanded the whole position, without the slightest confusion or hesitation [though their critical condition was manifest to all] they moved to the charge, which they executed in the most brilliant manner and with complete success, recovering all the ground which had here been lost by our troops; and the ground which they had so gallantly won they held until the close of the fight. During the entire fight of twelve hours, I did not see, nor do I think there was, one single straggler from my ranks. Where all the officers behaved so well, it would be invidious to specify any particularly. All the commanding officers of regiments met my fullest expectations and wishes. I beg to acknowledge my indebtedness to Colonels Baker, Black, Young, and Lieutenant-Colonel Waring, commanding the regiments which were with me, for a large part of the success which attended our efforts in the late fight. They handled their commands with skill and judgment, while their conduct was marked by conspicuous gallantry. Captain [W. H. H.] Cowles, First North Carolina, accompanied by Captain [W. R.] Wood, of the same regiment, performed a dashing feat by charging with a squadron through the ranks of the enemy, following him for some miles, and returning around his column in safety, with 60 prisoners. The members of my staff-Captains [T. G.] Barker and [Rawlins] Lowndes, with Lieutenants [John] Preston and [T. P.] Hampton - rendered me invaluable assistance on the field, and bore themselves with great gallantry. The reports of field officers show that 216 prisoners were captured by the brigade, while the ground over which they fought proved by the dead and wounded on it how faithfully they performed their work. In conclusion, I beg to express to my officers and men in the most emphatic manner my earnest thanks for the gallantry and good conduct displayed by them during the whole fight.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WADE HAMPTON,

Brigadier-General.

Major H. B. McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

