
COLUMBIA, August 13, 1863.

MAJOR: I avail myself of the first opportunity at which I am able to do so, to send in a report of the part taken by my brigade during the battle of Gettysburg. The previous operations of the brigade shall be embodied in a subsequent report as soon as I am well enough to make it out. I send the present report, as I deem it important that it should go in at the earliest moment. The brigade was stationed on July 2, at Hunterstown, 5 miles to the east of Gettysburg, when orders came from General Stuart that it should move up, and take position on the left of our infantry. Before this could be accomplished, I was notified that a heavy force of cavalry was advancing on Hunterstown, with a view to get in the rear of our army. Communicating this information to General Stuart, I was ordered by him to return, and hold the enemy in check. Pursuant to these orders, I moved back, and met the enemy between Hunterstown and Gettysburg. After skirmishing a short time, he attempted a charge, which was met in front by the Cobb Legion, while I threw the Phillips Legion and the Second South Carolina as supporting forces on each flank of the enemy. The charge was most gallantly made, and the enemy were driven back in confusion to the support of his sharpshooters and artillery, both of which opened on me heavily. I had no artillery at this time, but soon after two pieces were sent to me, and they did good service. Night coming on, I held the ground until morning, when I found that the enemy had retreated from Hunterstown, leaving some of his wounded officers and men in the village. The Cobb Legion, which led in this gallant charge, suffered quite severely, Lieutenant-Colonel [W. G.] Delony and several other officers being wounded, while the regiment lost in killed quite a number of brave officers and men, whose names I regret not being able to give. On the morning of July 3, I was ordered to move through Hunterstown, and endeavor to get on the right flank of the enemy. In accordance with these orders, the brigade passed through the village just named, across the railroad, and thence south till we discovered the enemy. I took position on the left of Colonel Chambliss, and threw out sharpshooters to check an advance the enemy were attempting. Soon after, General Fitz. Lee came up, and took position on my left. The sharpshooters soon became actively engaged, and succeeded perfectly in keeping the enemy back, while the three brigades were held ready to meet any charge made by the enemy. We had for the three brigades but two pieces of artillery, while the enemy had apparently two batteries in position. In the afternoon [about 4. 30 o'clock, I should think], an order came from General Stuart for General Fitz. Lee and myself to report to him, leaving our brigades where they were. Thinking that it would not be proper for both of us to leave the ground at the same time, I told General Lee that I would go to General Stuart first, and, on my return, he could go. Leaving General Lee, I rode off to see General Stuart, but could not find him. On my return to the field, I saw my brigade in motion, having been ordered to charge by General Lee. This order I countermanded, as I did not think it a judicious one, and the brigade resumed its former position; not, however, without loss, as the movement had disclosed its position to the enemy. A short time after this, an officer from Colonel Chambliss reported to me that he had been sent to ask support from General Lee, but that he had replied my brigade was nearest and should support Cham-

