
bliss' brigade. Seeing that support was essential, I sent to Colonel Baker, ordering him to send two regiments to protect Chambliss, who had made a charge [I know not by whose orders], and who was falling back before a large force of the enemy. The First North Carolina and the Jeff. Davis Legion were sent by Colonel Baker, and these two regiments drove back the enemy; but in their eagerness they followed him too far, and encountered his reserve in heavy force. Seeing the state of affairs at this juncture, I rode rapidly to the front, to take charge of these two regiments, and, while doing this, to my surprise I saw the rest of my brigade [excepting the Cobb Legion] and Fitz. Lee's brigade charging. In the hand-to-hand fight which ensued, as I was endeavoring to extricate the First North Carolina and the Jeff. Davis Legion, I was wounded, and had to leave the field, after turning over the command to Colonel Baker. The charge of my brigade has been recently explained to me as having been ordered by Captain Barker, assistant adjutant-general, who supposed that it was intended to take the whole brigade to the support of Colonel Chambliss- a mistake which was very naturally broughtabout by the appearance of affairs on the field. Of what occurred after I gave up the command, I am, of course, ignorant; nor can I state the casualties of my command. I am now only able to give a brief and bare statement of the part taken by my brigade in the battle of July 3, showing how it became engaged. The disposition I had made of my command contemplated an entirely different plan for the fight, and beyond this disposition of my own brigade, with the subsequent charge of the First North Carolina and the Jeff. Davis Legion, I had nothing whatever to do with the fight.

I am, major, very respectfully, yours.

WADE HAMPTON,

Brigadier-General.

Major [H. B.] MCCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, Numbers 27.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIV., ARMY N. VA.,August 6, 1863.

The gallant and spirited resistance offered by Hampton's brigade to a body of the enemy's cavalry, greatly superior in numbers, on the 1st instant, deserves the highest commendation at the hands of the division commander. The good conduct of the officers and men of that veteran brigade in such a conflict, reflects the highest credit on their patriotism and good soldierly qualities, and is worthy of the emulation of the entire division. In this contest, the Horse Artillery, as usual, performed a part equal in heroism to its already brilliant prestige, and but for its supply of ammunition on the field becoming exhausted, the enemy's losses, confessedly more than three times our own, would have been far greater. The division must mourn the loss of some brave spirits, and the noble wounded, who for a time have left us, will, it is hoped, ere

