
long be welcomed to our ranks, to strike again for independence and victory. Let the sons of the Carolinas and the Gulf, in Virginia continue to rival the heroism of their noble comrades of Vicksburg and Charleston, remembering that every blow struck at the enemy, no matter where, is a blow for home and its hallowed rights.

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

Numbers 568. Report of Colonel L. S. Baker, First North Carolina Cavalry, of engagement of Brandy Station.

JUNE 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor raw report that my regiment was engaged at various times yesterday, from early in the morning to late in the evening. The entire regiment was engaged fighting the enemy's infantry in the morning with good success. Captain [W. R.] Wood [a squadron dismounted]charged the enemy's infantry, driving them rapidly back. I consider that the most brilliant part of the day's work performed by the regiment. The regiment made two charges with perfect success on cavalry, capturing the standard of the Tenth New York Regiment, and routing them. The whole regiment behaved admirably. Captain [R.] Barringer was wounded severely in the face. Killed, 5; wounded, 12; missing, 14. By the best calculation I can make, by referring to the several captains, the number of prisoners captured and sent to the rear was 137. Nearly all these, with their arms, horses, and whatever they had, were turned over to the provost-marshal and other officers in the rear who seemed to take charge. I cannot tell the number of horses and equipments captured, as they were turned over with the prisoners; but I find this morning in my regiment 19 horses, 9 saddles, 36 guns, 28 pistols, and 12 sabers. Seven horses have been sent to the brigade quartermaster. The others were required to supply the places of horses killed, wounded, and lost. The arms have been turned in, and I would be glad to retain all the pistols, as I am very deficient in that particular arm, and sufficient quantity of the arms to supply the deficiency caused by accidental loss on the field. I have the honor to report the names of Captains Wood and [W. H. H.] Cowles for marked gallantry, and to acknowledge my thanks to my adjutant [Lieutenant [J. L.] Gaines] for his great coolness and assistance rendered me in reforming my regiment and keeping them in proper order to resist the enemy. My major [J. H.] Whitaker], although on the sick report and very unwell, remained all day, doing all in his power. I am, captain, with much respect,

L. S. BAKER,

Colonel First North Carolina Cavalry.

Captain T. G. BARKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Brigade.

