
Stuart's headquarters, the enemy was seen approaching on my then left. Colonel Young immediately changed the head of his column to the left, and charged. A portion of the enemy's force turned to the right, along the railroad, to avoid Colonel Young's column. I immediately changed the head of my column to the half left, and ordered my first squadron to charge, and immediately after ordered the second squadron to charge, changing its direction at right angles to the direction of the first, to intercept the enemy escaping in that direction. Both squadrons charged in gallant order, as well as the second squadron, which was in rear. The companies in this charge were Captains Owen, Jones, [J. D.] Trezevant, [T. W.] Whatley, Sharpe, and Fox [Lieutenant [Frederick] Horsey commanding the latter, Captain Fox having previously been severely wounded]. In this charge, the first squadron was separated from the others entirely. The second and third were checked by a cut in the railroad, but the men delivered the fire of their rifles on the retreating enemy with effect. The squadrons were soon joined by the first on the hill, as a support on the left of our batteries. From this position I was ordered to rejoin General Hampton south of the railroad, and, by order, changed position several times. The fourth change of position brought my regiment into line in the ravine between General Stuart's headquarters and Brandy, on the east side of the run, my right resting on the road. Here I was directly in rear of our battery, on which the enemy were firing rapidly, and a storm of shells passed over the regiment, one exploding in the column as the regiment was coming into line, but, fortunately, inflicted little damage, though many exploded near by. I was here ordered to move to the left, to support Brigadier-General [W. H. F.] Lee, and moved up the ravine for that purpose, and reported to Colonel Chambliss, commanding Lee's brigade, before coming into action. Here I was ordered to return to General Hampton, near Brandy, and from thence was ordered to hold the road leading from Brandy to Madden's, where I remained until ordered into camp. There were 14 or more prisoners and as many horses captured by the regiment under my command. Some of the latter were turned over on the field, besides arms and equipments. The loss of the regiment in action was 3 killed, 9 wounded [1 since dead], and 5 missing. I regret to report the fall of Captain Robin Ap. C. Jones, who fell, gallantly leading his company in the charge, near division headquarters. A gallant and accomplished officer, his loss cannot be easily repaired. Captain J. R. P. Fox was severely wounded early in the action while in charge of the sharpshooters from his squadron, which he fought and managed well. I fear he fell into the enemy's hands in leaving the field. Fully satisfied that every man under my command did his duty, and his whole duty, and at the same time proud that not a man who left camp with the regiment at sunrise left it during the day, without first being wounded or ordered off on duty, until marched back at night, I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant.

JNO. L. BLACK,

Colonel First South Carolina Cavalry.

Captain T. G. BARKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

