
Numbers 570. Report of Major T. J. Lipscomb, Second South Carolina Cavalry, of engagement at Brandy Station.

NEAR BRANDY STATION, VA., June 11, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report: The Second Regiment South Carolina Cavalry, commanded by Colonel M. C. Butler, left camp on the morning of June 9, with 220 men. After sending 30 men, commanded by Captain [L] Williams, to picket at Carrico's Mills, he was to hold his command as a reserve at Brandy Station. About one hour after reaching Brandy Station, Colonel Butler was notified that the enemy were in Stevensburg. He immediately hastened toward that point. Upon arriving opposite Beckham's farm, Colonel Butler sent me with about 40 men across by Hansborough's, to intercept them on the Stevensburg road; but before reaching the road, the enemy had fallen back in front of Lieutenant Colonel Frank Hampton, who had been sent to Stevensburg with and advance guard of 14 men. I reached the road in advance of Lieutenant-Colonel Hampton, and immediately pursued them down the road toward Carrico's Mills, until I came upon their main body, which was reported by a citizen who came from that direction to be about 5, 000. Our sharpshooters were immediately engaged, when, finding them in overwhelming numbers, we fell back slowly, fighting, toward Stevensburg. At Doggett's house, I found Lieutenant-Colonel Hampton with a portion of the regiment. He sent me with one company to the support of Colonel Butler. Our line now extended from the Stevensburg road, near Doggett's house, to Hansborough's, about 1 mile in length, to defend which Colonel Butler had about 190 men. Colonel Butler in person commanded the center, Lieutenant-Colonel Hampton the right, and Captain [T. E.] Screven the extreme left. I was ordered by Colonel Butler to take position between himself and Captain Screven. The enemy made their principal attack on the right of our line, at the Stevensburg road. Lieutenant-Colonel Hampton dismounted all his sharpshooters, and, deploying Captain [T. H.] Clark's company of rifles on the left, placed sharpshooters in the road, and held them in check for half or three-quarters of an hour. The enemy then, having deployed squadrons on both sides, charged in masses up the road. Lieutenant-Colonel Hampton gallantly attempted to charge them with 36 men-all that he had left mounted. He was mortally wounded, and his little force driven before the heavy columns of the enemy. The enemy having gained possession of the road, and passed through Stevensburg on the road to Culpeper, the right of our line fell back obliquely to the road leading from Stevensburg to Brandy Station. They were rallied, and formed by Colonel Butler between Stevensburg and Norman's Mills; but the columns of the enemy pouring out of the woods on his left, and threatening to gain his rear, compelled him to fall back beyond Norman's Mills, and take a new position on the hill near Beckham's house. Colonel Butler ordered me to hold my position, and, if they pressed on the right, to move in that direction. The firing on the right gradually got to my rear, and I was in the act of moving when Captain [W. D.] Farley, of General

