
Stuart's staff, brought to me a squadron of the Fourth Virginia Cavalry, with orders to hold my position. I immediately put all the riflemen in position. About half an hour afterward, I received orders from Colonel Butler to retire with rapidity across Mountain Run. My line was extended, and, by the time the riflemen were mounted, the right and left of our line had both fallen back across Mountain Run. Having 16 dismounted men with me, I was obliged to retire slowly, to protect them. When I reached the open field, I found a column of the enemy on either flank, from 300 to 400 yards distant, and also moving toward Mountain Run. Our artillery fired two shots, which fell near me, and which, I think, caused the enemy to take me for one of their columns, as they did not fire on me until after I had crossed the run. Immediately after crossing, I reported me to take command, and fall back toward Culpeper. I did not do so at once, as I desired to save the wounded; but placed my force so as to check, if possible, any advance of the enemy. Shortly after this, Adjutant [James W.] Moore, who had been sent by Colonel Butler with a message to General Stuart, returned without being able to communicate with the general at Brandy Station. While attempting to get through, he ran into a regiment of the enemy, and escaped with difficulty. He reported that at the time he left Brandy Station they were driving our troops back toward Culpeper. Upon receiving this information, I thought it prudent to retire at once toward Culpeper, and, having notified Colonel [W. C.] Wickham of my intention, accordingly took a position near the railroad, where I could intercept them if they did advance toward that place. Finding that they had advanced but a short distance in that direction, I determined to reoccupy my former position near Stevensburg. I was met by Colonel Wickham, who ordered me to move back to Stevensburg, and then to follow the enemy toward Kelly's Ford. As soon as I was engaged with the enemy, I notified him that they were retiring in my front. He then ordered me to drive them before me, if possible, to Kelly's. I moved on till I reached the Bridge Ford road, when the enemy made their appearance in force on my left. My force was too small to move forward and leave my flank unprotected. I therefore dismounted my sharpshooters, to hold my position, and sent back to Stevensburg, to notify Colonel Wickham of my situation, at the same time suggesting the propriety of sending a squadron to Carrico's Mills, to protect my left flank. Captain Clark's squadron had been separated from the regiment, and, having reported to him for orders, he sent it to that place. He also sent to me a squadron from his own regiment. As soon as I heard the squadron had reached Carrico's Mills, I moved forward with 40 riflemen from my command and 15 men from the Fourth Virginia Cavalry, leaving a force under Captain Screven at the mouth of the Bridge Ford road, to protect my rear. Driving in the enemy's vedettes, I moved on cautiously, and reached Kelly's Ford after night, and half an hour after the enemy had crossed. When I had placed my pickets on the bank of the river, I again sent back to Stevensburg, and notified Colonel Wickham of the fact. He ordered me to remain on picket with the force I had with me. I did so, and, after sunrise the next morning, was relieved by a squadron from the Fourth Virginia Cavalry. In conclusion, I am happy to state that the conduct of the men

