
while I was in command was everything that could be desired. The conduct of the sharpshooters especially was marked by great coolness and courage, all orders being promptly carried out, and with an enthusiasm that commanded admiration. The labors of Lieutenant [J. F.] Hodges, who commanded the sharpshooters through a great part of the day, and who was on foot nearly all the time, were severe. Perhaps it would be invidious to speak of his coolness and forethought where all the officers acted so well. Our loss, though small in number, is deeply felt, and while the regiment is deprived for a long time of their young but trusted and well-tried colonel, they are called upon at the same time to lament the death of their gallant and beloved lieutenant-colonel. It is with deep regret that I report that the same shell which struck down Colonel Butler also inflicted a death wound on another of Carolina's sons-the gallant Captain Farly, of General Stuart's staff -whose resignation to his fate and expression of devotion to his country's cause aroused for him emotions of the highest admiration and love in the bosoms of his brother Carolinians who bore him from the field.

Respectfully,

T. J. LIPSCOMB,

Major, Comdg. Second Regiment South Carolina Cavalry.

Captain T. G. BARKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[P. S.]- Having submitted my report to Colonel Butler, he begs that I will attach the following facts to it, which I was not aware of. I have penned them as he dictated. Prior to the charge made by the enemy, and while establishing our lines, the command was turned over to Colonel Wickham, of the Fourth Virginia Cavalry, who had been sent by General Stuart with his command and one piece of artillery to the support of Colonel Butler, who had gone to the left, to establish sharpshooters along the crest of the wooded hills, which the enemy were threatening. Colonel Butler informed Colonel Wickman that the enemy were reported advancing in heavy force, and what disposition he had made of the small force under his command, and suggested to him to move his regiment up the road to the support of Lieutenant-Colonel [Frank] Hampton, leaving the piece of artillery on the hill near Stevensburg, as he believed that would be the main point of attack. Colonel Butler had no personal interview with Colonel [William H.] Payne and couriers. As soon as he had established the line of skirmishers and they had commenced firing, he moved rapidly toward where Lieutenant-Colonel Hampton was stationed, on the right and in the road. Before reaching him, he met Adjutant Moore, who informed him that a heavy column of the enemy had charged him, and swept his little force before them. He turned at right angles to the right, and met the men about 300 yards from where they had been charged. They rallied and formed promptly, the enemy pursuing the Fourth Virginia Cavalry along the road toward Culpeper. The artillery was never placed in position beyond Norman's Mills, and was of no service, notwithstanding repeated messages from Colonel Butler to bring it over and place it in position. Nor did Colonel Butler hear from Colonel Wickham.

