
Numbers 571. Report of Colonel P. M. B. Young, Cobb's Legion {Cavalry, of engagement at Brandy Station.

JULY 12, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my regiment during the engagement of the 9th instant: At 5. a. m. I was ordered to move down the railroad with as little delay as possible. I moved down about a mile beyond Fleetwood, where General Jones was engaging the enemy. I immediately moved to the support of the First North Carolina, and remained its support until General Hampton ordered me to throw forward a body of skirmishers. Captain Ritch, commanding sharpshooters, dismounted, in conjunction with other skirmishers of the brigade, engaged the enemy for about two hours in the woods, the enemy losing heavily from their excellent firing. About 12 a. m. I received information through one of General Stuart's aides, that his headquarters were in great danger of being captured by a large body of the enemy, which had gotten in the rear. I immediately moved up in the direction of General Stuart's headquarters, when General Hampton ordered me to move forward at a gallop, and engage the enemy to his front and right. After moving about a mile at almost a full run, I began to ascend the hill upon which were General Stuart's headquarters. The general sent me the second aide, saying that his headquarters were in possession of the enemy, and desired that I should clear the hill. About this time a regiment of the enemy, which was supporting one of their batteries near General Stuart's headquarters, swept down the hill, charging my front. I immediately ordered the charge in close columns of squadrons, and I swept the hill clear of the enemy, he being scattered and entirely routed. I do claim that this was the turning point of the day in this portion of the field, for in less than a minute's time the battery would have been upon the hill, and I leave it to those whose province it is to judge to say what would have been the result had the battery gained its destination. We killed and captured 60 of the enemy, utterly routing him, with but little loss to ourselves. Among the captured were several commissioned officers, including the lieutenant-colonel. After the charge, I supported Beckham's artillery, and, a short time after, was ordered to open communication with Stevensburg, which I did, and, finding no enemy, returned to the field. My loss in killed, wounded, and missing is 3 officers and 41 men. I beg leave to say that the officers and men of my command acted in a gallant and praiseworthy manner. All acted so well that it seems unfair to mention the names of any particular individuals; but I cannot fail to mention the intrepid personal gallantry of my lieutenant-colonel, W. G. Delony. Among other whose distinguished conduct came under my personal observation, was my adjutant, Lieutenant W. L. Church; Captain J. E. Ritch, commanding sharpshooters [who I regret to say, while dismounted, was captured by a cavalry charge], and Lieutenant [J. L.] Clanton, of Company K. Captain [B. S.] King also deserves praise for the manner in which he commanded his sharpshooters. I desire also to mention the most distinguished gallantry of Privates McCroan and Landrum, who,

