
on foot, refused to surrender when surrounded by the enemy, but cut their way through safely. I have the honor, captain, to be, very respectfully,

P. M. B. YOUNG,

Colonel, Commanding Cobb's Legion {Cavalry.

Captain T. G. BARKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 572. Report of Lieutenant Colonel J. F. Waring, Jeff. Davis Legion, of engagement of Brandy Station.

BIVOUAC NEAR CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, June 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I beg leave to report that my command met with but few casualties during yesterday's engagement. Two privates slightly wounded, my ordnance sergeant seriously wounded in both legs, and 1 private, severely wounded, comprise all the casualties. I had 3 horses killed, 1 badly wounded, and quite a number slightly injured. I have had reports of 15 prisoners captured by my men. Two horses captured have been turned over to my quartermaster, who will account for them; the balance were sent to the rear with the prisoners. The arms and equipments are as follows: Pistol, 9; sabers 5; rifles, 3; saddles, 5; bridles, 4. These last have been distributed to men who were without these articles, and my ordnance sergeant will account for them.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

J. F. WARING,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Jeff. Davis Legion.

Captain T. G. BARKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hampton's Brigade.

Numbers 573. Reports of Brigadier General B. H. Robertson, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of engagement at Brandy Station.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE, June 12, 1863.

MAJOR: On the 9th instant, according to orders, my brigade proceeded to within 2 miles of Kelly's Ford, to check the enemy's advance upon the railroad, near which our forces were engaged. I dismounted a portion to oppose the enemy's infantry in the woods. The enemy's cannon had just opened when several orders were received to fall back rapidly to Brandy Station, the Yankees being in my rear. I had reported their advance upon Stevensburg and Brandy, and was ordered, through Lieutenant Johnston, to hold the ground in my front. One regiment of my brigade was then ordered to move rapidly to the general's headquarters. The others was instructed to cover the

