
learned that a force to meet them had been sent in the directions above stated. I therefore determined to hold the ground in my front should the infantry attempt to advance upon the railroad, and placed my skirmishers behind an embankment [parallel to ditch], to protect them from the artillery, which had been opened from the woods. Soon after firing commenced, I received orders to fall rapidly back toward Brandy, as the enemy was in my rear, and had probably turned my left. When I reached the railroad, I discovered on my right a considerable force of the enemy's infantry. At this point, a courier from the major-general commanding directed me to advance rapidly with one regiment, and report to him, as the enemy had possession of his headquarters. I selected the Sixty-third [Fifth North Carolina Cavalry], which was in front, and pushed rapidly forward, sending instructions to Colonel [Dennis D.] Ferebee to cover my rear and right. The enemy having retired before my arrival, I was ordered to support General Hampton, who was making preparations to pursue. Soon afterward, the enemy displaying a large force in our immediate front, apparently with the intention of attacking, I drew my two regiments up in line of battle, and awaited his advance. His columns advancing to our left, one of my regiments was ordered in that direction. I accompanied it, and deployed it as skirmishers, dismounted, to hold that end of the line, in case it should be pressed. The other regiment I instructed to report to Brigadier-General Hampton. When General [W. H. F.] Lee was wounded, I was ordered to command the left wing, and saw nothing more of my brigade. Although in sight of the enemy for many hours, and exposed to the fire of his artillery, my command was not at any time actively engaged. With the exception of 4 horses mortally wounded, or totally disabled, I have no casualties to report.

Very respectfully, major, your obedient servant,

B. H. ROBERTSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.

Major H. B. McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Cavalry Division.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIV., ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, June 20, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded, to accompany my report of the battle of Fleetwood. The enemy having been reported moving by Madden's to Stevensburg, two regiments [Second South Carolina and Fourth Virginia] were sent to the latter place, but a portion of the enemy was detached from this column and sent to Brandy, whereas at Fleetwood they were soon routed by Jones' and Hampton's brigades. Nothing of any value was at Brandy. My own headquarters' baggage having been sent off early to the rear, the place spoken of as my headquarters was a high hill [Fleetwood], where they had been, but had early in the day been transferred to the field -everything packed and sent off. General Robertson's report appears satisfactory.

J. E. B. STUART,Major-General.

