
Numbers 574. Reports of Colonel Thomas T. Munford, Second Virginia Cavalry, commanding Fitz. Lee's brigade, of engagement at Brandy Station and action at Aldie.
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CAVALRY BRIGADE, Oak Shade, Culpeeper County, June 11, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that, on the morning of the 9th, I received the following order:
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CAVALRY BRIGADE, June 9-7 a. m.

COLONEL: General [Fitzburgh] Lee desires me to inform you that the enemy have crossed at Beverly Ford, and are now fighting around the church. He desires you to pack up your train, and keep everything ready to move; to bring your command a little farther in this direction, and keep up communication with him, and to look out well for your picket line.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,HENRY C. LEE,

First Lieutenant, and Aide-de-Camp.

Immediately afterward [at 10. 15 a. m.], I received the following:

JUNE 9.

GENERAL: General Stuart wishes all of Colonel Munford's regiments but one brought this way, leaving a guard for the baggage, which can be sent toward Culpeper.

Yours, &amp;tc.

R. H. GOLDSBOROUGH,

Lieutenant.

No locality being indicated in this order, but presuming Welford's Ford to be meant, the brigade was immediately moved for that place, and arrived there just as a brigade of the enemy's cavalry, supported by a battery, were pressing Colonel Davis, of the Tenth Virginia Cavalry, near Green's house. Captain Breathed's battery was now put in position, and a few well-directed shots checked the enemy's advance, the head of his column turning toward Barbour's house. At this time, I received a verbal message from General W. H. F. Lee, to move around toward Barbour's house, and at the same time informed him of the advance of the enemy on his extreme left. I now learned for the first time that General Lee's pickets on the Rappahannock had been withdrawn, which caused me to instruct Colonel Rosser, who was picketing above Warrenton Springs, to withdraw his command to Rixey's Ford, and picket the Hazel River. Moving in the direction ordered, I came up just as the Ninth Virginia Cavalry made a charge. Not knowing our position, and the indefinite orders I had received as to location, made me apprehend a collision with our own troops, which did occur to a limited extent. As soon as General Lee's left was ascertained, a squadron of the Second Virginia Cavalry was advanced, and became engaged with the enemy's sharpshooters, who were strongly posted in a heavily timbered piece of woods and a pine thicket. The sharpshooters of the brigade, under Captains {C. T. Litchfield, [James Breckinridge, and [G. D.] White, of the First, Second, and Third Regiments, were now ordered to the front, to dislodge the enemy [who had wounded several of Colonel Watts' men], which

