
The following is a list of the casualties in the brigade:

Horses

Command	Killed	Wounded	Missing	Killed	Wounded

1st Virginia 	 ---	 1	 ---	 5	 1

Calvary

2nd "	 2	 9	 ---	 2	 8

3rd "	 1	 8	 ---	 8	 5

4th "	 ---	 15	 27	 ---	 ---

5th " [absent 	 ---	 ---	 ---	 ---	 ---

on picket]

TOTAL	 3	 33	 27	 15	 14

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS T. MUNFORD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade,

Major H. B. McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FREDERICKSBURG, VA., August 7, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that, on the morning of June 17, at Upperville, Fauquier County, Va., I received a verbal order from the major-general commanding to move with my regiment and the Third Virginia Cavalry [Colonel Thomas H. Owen] to Aldie, and establish a picket, covering the Snickersville [?] Gap and Aldie pike, and to go into camp at some point near by. Arriving at Middleburg, I sent forward a picket under Lieutenant [A. U.] Hatcher, Company A, Second Virginia Cavalry, with instructions to hold his reserve on the heights and in front of Aldie, and to have his picket at the intersection of the Leesburg and Little River pike, with vedettes well out on each road. Three miles below Middleburg, I moved the command across to the Snicker's Gap pike, remaining on the pike myself, and sent the command to Mr. Franklin Carter's, to feed their horses and to bring corn enough for night and morning before we went into camp. While waiting for them to return, I was informed by a courier from the outpost that the enemy was moving upon Aldie rapidly and in considerable force. Ordering up the Second and Third, I hastened to the front to reconnoiter, when I met another courier, telling me that Colonel Williams C. Wickham, commanding the rest of the brigade, had come up, and was ordered to report to me, and informing me at the same time that Colonel Rosser [Colonel Wickham's advance] had engaged the enemy, who were running in my pickets. I posted the reserve of my picket on the crest of a hill this side of the town, behind a stone wall, with instructions to hold that point until the Second and Third Regiments could get up, and hurried over to look after the right. There I found Colonel Wickham bringing up two pieces of Breathed's battery for action. Being satisfied with the disposition he had made of his troops, and feeling assured that his gallantry would insure me a cordial support, and that my right flank was in safe hands, I left him in command, with me

