
The enemy, seeing some confusion with the prisoners and wounded horses and men, started up again, when Colonel Owen, with his gallant little regiment, took the center of the road, supported by the Second Virginia on his right and the Fifth on his left, and dashed in with the most spirited charge of the day, driving the regiment before him, using the saber with terrible effect, capturing and killing nearly the whole regiment. He, however, pressed his success too far, and was charged and driven back, losing not less than 50 of the men he had taken prisoners. Captain Newton, having rallied his small command and a good many men from other commands, was again ready raw relieve Colonel Owen as he fell back, and by a timely charge repelled another effort to flank him. As the enemy came up again, the sharpshooters opened upon him with a terrible fire from the stone wall they had regained, and checked him completely. I do not hesitate to say that I have never seen as many Yankees killed in the same space of ground in any fight i have ever seen, or any battle-field in Virginia that I have ever been over. We held our ground until ordered by the major-general commanding to retire, and the Yankees had been so severely punished that they did not follow. The sharpshooters of the Fifth were mostly captured, this regiment suffering more than any other. Captain Breathed and his fighting battery did admirable service, and are entitled to much credit, and have my thanks for their spirited conduct in this engagement. I herewith inclose the reports of Colonels Wickham, Rosser, Owen, Captain Newton, Major Breckinridge, and Captain Breathed, and cordially indorse the commendation they have made. I am much indebted to Captain J. D. Ferguson, assistant adjutant-general, Major [R. F.] Mason, and Lieutenant Henry [C] Lee, for efficient services and particularly commend Surg. J. B. Fontaine for his promptness in moving all of our dead and wounded from the field, besides assisting me materially as an aide. In this engagement, we captured 1 colonel, 3 captains, 5 lieutenants, and 129 non-commissioned officers and privates, with their horses and arms, representing seven regiments. Below is a list of casualties in this command:

Command	Killed	Wounded	Missing	TOTAL

1st Virginia 	 1	 4	 1	 6

Calvary

2nd "	 2	 11	 ---	 13

3rd "	 ---	 5	 15	 20

4th "	 1	 7	 9	 17

5th "	 3	 17	 38	 58

Breathed's battery	 2	 3	 ---	 5

TOTAL	 9	 47	 63	 119

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS T. MUNFORD,

Colonel Second Virginia Cavalry, Comdg. Fitz. Lee's Brigade.

Major H. B. McClellan,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

