
Numbers 575. Report of Major Cary Breckinridge, Second Virginia Cavalry, of action at Aldie.

JULY -, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I make the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the cavalry action near Aldie, on June 17: As soon as notified of the advance of the enemy, the regiment was formed, and moved quickly to the front, the second squadron [sharpshooters] being sent in advance, who immediately, upon arriving on the field, engaged the enemy, driving their advance back a short distance, and posting themselves behind a fence, on the left of the Snicker's Gap and Aldie pike. This position was held by the sharpshooters during the action. As soon as the rest of the regiment arrived on the ground, Colonel Watts was ordered to charge down the road, and drive the enemy from his position. In this charge, we were met by the enemy, and, after a sharp fight, succeeded in driving him back under cover of his dismounted sharpshooters, who were posted in the woods on each side of the road. The regiment formed quickly, and made a second charge with the rest of the brigade, driving the enemy some distance. In leading the second charge, Lieutenant-Colonel Watts was severely wounded in the arm, and taken from the field. The second squadron [Captains [W. F.] Graves and [James] Breckinridge], sharpshooters, acted with much spirit during this action, and twice drove the enemy back, with heavy loss. In the two charges made by this regiment, about 35 prisoners were brought off, one stand of colors, one guidon, a number of horses, arms, &amp;tc. The regiment generally behaved well. Among those most conspicuous for gallantry, I mention Captain [T. B.] Holland, Company D; Adjutant [Lomax] Taylor, Sergt, D. Vandergrift, Company I; Privates Wade, Company F, and Scruggs, Company K, who captured and brought off Colonel Did Cesnola, Fourth New York.

Very respectfully submitted.

CARY BRECKINRIDGE,

Major, Commanding Second Virginia Cavalry.

Captain J. D. FERGUSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fitz. Lee's Brigade.

Numbers 576. Report of Colonel Thomas H. Owen, Third Virginia Cavalry, of action at Aldie.

JUNE 22, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the cavalry engagement at Aldie, on the 17th instant: I left my camp at Summerville Mills about 8 a. m., and followed the Second Regiment along the direct road to Upperville; thence

