
by Middleburg to Mr. Carter's, where the two regiments procured corn. I was ordered to move forward toward Aldie about 3 p. m., as the enemy were advancing rapidly and in heavy force. Moving off at once after the Second Regiment, with drawn sabers, I soon reached the heights about half a mile west of Aldie, and, forming my regiment in line of battle to the left of the turnpike, sent forward my sharpshooters, and awaited further orders. The skirmishing was now quite severe, and, having received orders from you to form my men in column upon the turnpike preparatory to charging, took that position at once. Finding that the enemy were pressing, and no time was to be lost, I ordered a charge simultaneously with a charge of the Second Regiment, on my right. The result exceeded my highest expectations. My regiment drove the First Massachusetts [reported 600 strong, supported on its left flank by the First Maine and in rear by a battalion of cavalry] in complete rout before it, doing greater execution than I have ever witnessed before in any cavalry charge. Such was the enthusiasm of my men, they charged farther than I desired, and were thus prevented from bringing off many of the prisoners taken, but secured a large number, together with one stand of color [the number was not definitely ascertained, but was a good proportion of those captured during the day], and brought them off the field, besides leaving the road strewn with killed and wounded men and horses. I have since learned that the First Massachusetts reported a loss of 180 men, which exceeds the number of rank and file I had with me. Another regiment [reported Fourth New York] attempted to make a counter-charge when my regiment retired, but were three times disastrously repulsed by my sharpshooters, who had a fine position, commanding the road. It is with pride and pleasure that I add, in conclusion, the expression of my high satisfaction at the conduct of my officers and men. Never have they acquitted themselves better, or rendered more efficient service to their country, than in the sanguinary engagement of June 17. I am happy to report that my casualties were comparatively few-none killed or seriously wounded. Total wounded, 5; captured, 15.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. H. OWEN,

Colonel.

Colonel T. T. MUNFORD,

Commanding Lee's Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 577. Reports of Colonel Williams C. Wickham, Fourth Virginia Cavalry, of engagement at Brandy Station, and action at Aldie.

JUNE 11, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by my command on the 9th instant at Stevensburg [Brandy Station]: Early in the morning, I was ordered to report to General Stuart, and, upon reporting, was ordered by Major [H. B.] McClellan to

