
proceed to Stevensburg, and support the Second South Carolina Cavalry, the colonel of which reported that there was a heavy force of the enemy approaching. I was told that a piece of artillery would follow me upon nearing Norman's Mills. I received a message from Captain [W. D.] Farley, of General Stuart's staff, that I had better come by the road on the left of the field than to go direct to the village, as I proposed to do. Going forward at a trot, I found myself with the head of my column at the road from Stevensburg to Willis Madden's, about three-quarters of a mile from the village, in a by-road running through a thick pine copse, and on the flank of the Second South Carolina Cavalry. Receiving a message at the moment from Colonel Butler that he wanted more sharpshooters, I detached my first squadron, and sent it to him on the left, and, ordered the rest of the regiment to be put in the road, with its head resting a quarter of a mile in rear of the Second South Carolina, while I galloped to the front, to see the state of affairs. On reaching Doggett's house, I saw the enemy with a squadron formed in the road in column, and a squadron forming in line on the right, about 400 yards from me. Here I found Lieutenant-Colonel [Frank] Hampton, who had two very small squadrons with him, drawn up ready to meet a charge, if made. Finding no sharpshooters on the right, I dismounted a company, and threw them on the right. Before the arrangement could be completed, I found that the enemy were charging the Second South Carolina, which, without meeting the charge, had broken, and were rushing down on the rear of my column, which was just emerging from the pines. Finding that my desire to put my right in front was thus frustrated, I wheeled my column by fours, and ineffectually endeavored to get my men to meet the charge, but the rush of the Second South Carolina Cavalry utterly demoralized them, and they broke and fled in confusion. After going some third of a mile, I succeeded in stopping some men, and again attempted to charge the enemy, who, upon seeing my stand, had halted, and were forming a line; but although the line wavered at the approach of only 6 who went forward to within 20 feet of it, the others would not follow, but again fled at the approach of a squadron of the enemy; nor for the next mile could all my efforts obtain the slightest halt in my fleeing squadrons. On reaching Barbour's gate, I turned in, and with me 3 or 4 officers and 5 or 6 men. These I immediately halted, and commenced firing at the flank of the pursuing squadron, which at once wheeled about, and retired through the village. The squadron sent to the left retired at Colonel Butler's command in good order, crossing below the mill, and going to the support of the artillery. The fifth squadron, though fleeing at first, went toward the mill, and, not being pursued, were rallied, and retired form under the enemy's artillery fire across the mill-dam. There were four regiments of the enemy's cavalry at Stevensburg. After much difficulty, I collected my scattered men, and, in connection with Major Lipscomb, then in command of the Second South Carolina Cavalry, I ascertained that the enemy had passed off to the left, and were no longer in my front. My loss was 15 wounded and 27 missing. I took some prisoners, but not as many as I lost. I regard the conduct of my regiment, in which I have heretofore had perfect confidence, as so disgraceful in this instance that I have

