
and his junior captain, and killed and wounded a third of his men-then he surrendered to overwhelming odds. The enemy gaining some advantage on the left, I moved immediately in that direction, reporting at the same time to Colonel Wickham, who was supporting the battery in my rear, I arrived on the heights near Aldie, on the Snicker's Gap pike, just as the enemy had charged and was pursuing one of our regiments. I charged with my entire regiment, with a view of cutting the enemy off and capturing him, but as soon as I was discovered, he escaped through the field, with the exception of a squadron, all of which were killed, wounded, or captured, with their horses and arms. I then rallied my regiment, and moved around the hill, with a view of attacking a regiment which had formed on the hill, but as soon as they discovered my intention, they began to fall back, and were charged by one of our regiments, and we thus got possession of the field. What occurred after this was under the immediate eye of the colonel commanding, and I deem it unnecessary to relate it. The gallant and heroic manner in which Captain Boston and his men acted in this, one of the most vigorous cavalry fights I was ever engaged in, makes them the pride of their regiment. I regret to say that Lieutenant John. L. Ragsdale was among the killed. Captains [F. R.] Windsor and [L. B.] White and Lieutenant [G. M.] Hoard were severely wounded. The list of casualties I have submitted to the chief surgeon of brigade. They amounted to 58 killed, wounded, and missing.

I am, captain, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. L. ROSSER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. D. FERGUSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 580. Reports of Brig. General W. E. Jones, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS JONES' CAVALRY BRIGADE,Brandy Station, Va., June 11, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose the reports of the commanders of troops under me on the 9th instant, in the battle near this place, and submit such remarks as seem pertinent to the occasion. At daylight, the report of small-arms in the direction of Beverly Ford indicated a serious attack. Knowing the park of division artillery was without other protection than the pickets in front, its safety was doubtful. The Sixth Virginia Cavalry was on picket at the time, and the Seventh Virginia Cavalry was grand guard. Going to the scene of action at the top of speed, the Sixth and Seventh Regiments were found rapidly approaching the position of the enemy, only a few hundred yards beyond the artillery. The batteries being neither ready for action or movement, it was a matter of the utmost importance to gain time. Major Flournoy, in command of the Sixth, was ordered down the Beverly road and to its right, and Lieutenant-Colonel Marshall on his left. Both were directed to attack with vigor whatever force

