
they encountered. At the same time, directions were sent to the artillery to withdraw as quickly as practicable from the edge of the woods. The cavalry did its work well, but with considerable sacrifice. The artillery took position near the brick church. Captain W. K. Martin, assistant adjutant-general, having ordered up the Eleventh and Twelfth Regiments and Thirty-fifth Battalion Virginia Cavalry, they were posted in support of the artillery. When the Sixth and Seventh Regiments could no longer withstand greatly superior numbers of footmen in the woods, they retired to the right and left of the position held by the remainder of the brigade. By this time the enemy had penetrated through the woods, showing himself in some force in the open ground. A little shelling having caused a withdrawal, an attack was deemed expedient. Colonel Harman, leading with his regiment, moved along the road, supported on the left by the Thirty-fifth Battalion and Eleventh Regiment. As the head of Colonel Harman's regiment reached the woods, it received a severe fire, and was immediately charged by cavalry. The prompt arrival of supports soon turned the tide of battle in our favor. The enemy lost here very considerably in killed and wounded and heavily in prisoners. About this time, General Hampton took position on my right, and General W. H. F. Lee notified me he was on my left. He was requested to keep up connection with me, which for some time was done, our lines making a right angle at the junction. The enemy now made his appearance in our rear, at Brandy Station and Miller's house. This was the force which early in the day was reported by Captain [D. A.] Grimsley, through me to General Stuart, as advancing from Kellysville. Two regiments having been called for to meet this force of the enemy, the Twelfth Regiment and Thirty-fifth Battalion were sent, and the Sixth Regiment soon followed in support. General Hampton having withdrawn to the east side of the railroad, this part of the field was left in my charge with only a section of artillery and one regiment of cavalry [the Eleventh], the Seventh Regiment being then well to the left, more in connection with General Lee than with myself. My position becoming isolated and my force inadequate, I had started to make closer connection with General Lee, on my left, with the view of extending his line to join our forces with those near Brandy Station and Miller's house. The artillery was moved on the Jeffersonton road, so as to secure the heights between Barbour's and Thompson's houses. Orders coming now from General Stuart to move all my artillery and cavalry on Miller's house, the Eleventh Regiment was at once put in motion, and the artillery recalled to follow. The Seventh Regiment was ordered across the hills to the same point, and General Lee notified of the movement. I arrived in time to see the Twelfth and Sixth Regiments and the Thirty-fifth Battalion clearing Miller's hill of General Pleasonton's division of Federal cavalry. This charge was followed up by the Eleventh, under Colonel Lomax. In this he captured the third and last time a battery of three pieces, the Sixth Regiment and Thirty-fifth Battalion having done so before him. Pushing his success, he divided his regiment, sending Captain [E. H.] McDonald with a squadron of his regiment he assailed three regiments of cavalry awaiting him near the depot. He routed this whole force completely. Having driven them off, he sent, by

