
under the command of Major-General Milroy since October, 1862. Was with his command at the battle of Winchester on June 13 and 14; had at the commencement of the engagement about 300 rounds of ammunition per gun; fired during the two days' fighting about 265 rounds of ammunition per gun of different kinds. I had left in the chests when the action ceased on Sunday night about 35 rounds per gun. I was ordered by Major-General Milroy, through Brigadier-General Elliott, on Monday morning, about 2 o'clock, to spike my guns, destroy what ammunition was on hand, cut up the harness and take nothing away but the saddles and bridles, and the horses, with the men mounted on them, which order I complied with. Had I been allowed to do so, I could have taken my guns and equipment out when the order was given to evacuate, and, in my opinion, could have rendered good service in covering the retreat and engaging the battery of the enemy that made the attack upon General Milroy's forces on the Martinsburg road, 4 miles from Winchester, Va., on the morning of June 15.

John Carlin,

Captain, Comdg. Company D, First W. Va. Light Art.

Numbers 395.

Report of Major Henry Peale, Eighteenth Connecticut Infantry, Second Brigade, of operations June 13-15.

Martinsburg, W. Va., November 10, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to present the following report of the part taken be the Eighteenth Connecticut Infantry in the battle of Winchester, Va., June 13, 14, and 15: The regiment arrived at Winchester on May 25 from Baltimore, Md., at which post the majority of the command had, since its departure from Connecticut, been stationed, and was immediately assigned to the right of the Second Brigade, Milroy's division, of which brigade Colonel William G. Ely, Eighteenth Connecticut Volunteers, assumed command. From that date until the commencement of the action the history of the regiment may be embraced in the two words-reconnaissance and picket. Winchester, being an exposed point, with few advantages of defense, and open to sudden attacks, a large force was required for such purposes, and the regiment had little rest. During the latter portion of this period, rumors were rife of the irruption of a large rebel force into the Shenandoah Valley, but frequent reconnaissance failed to discover any forces other than those long known to have been in the Valley, consisting of small detachments of all arms, under such leaders as Imboden, Jones, and Jenkins, and as those were far inferior in numbers to the command at Winchester, they excited little or no apprehension. Matters were in this condition when, on the morning of June 13, about daybreak, a large rebel force suddenly appeared from the south on the Front Royal road. Their advance guard rapidly drove in the Federal pickets. The regiment was at this time encamped on the east of this road, about 1 mile south of Winchester. On the alarm being given, it was immediately by a flank moment formed on the

