
order of General Stuart, 200 men to Culpeper Court-House, and went himself with the remainder of his command to guard against another attack from the direction of Stevensburg. The Twelfth, Sixth, and Seventh Regiments were from this time on held in reserve, alternately supporting the artillery at Miller's house and re-enforcing General Lee, on our extreme left. The serious fighting being over, the brigade took no further active part. It resumed its picket posts by nightfall. My brigade bore the brunt of the action both in the morning and evening, and lost severely in killed and wounded, but had the satisfaction of seeing the enemy worsted in every particular more than ourselves. We ended the fight with more horses and more and better small-arms than we had in the beginning. We took two regimental colors, many guidons, and a battery of three pieces. We took many prisoners, probably 250, as one regiment reports 122. Throughout the officers and men sustained their well-earned reputation for gallantry. To my personal staff I am under the greatest obligations. Lieutenant W. M. Hopkins entered the fight in the morning, killing his man in the charge near the brick church. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. JONES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major H. B. McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Division.

[P. S.] - List of killed and wounded: Killed 12, and wounded, 90. This is exclusive of the casualties of the Thirty-fifth Battalion, and will probably in all amount to 130 killed and wounded. The missing in prisoners cannot yet be ascertained, as some have straggled. The number of prisoners is known to be small.
HEADQUARTERS JONES' BRIGADE, June 11, 1863.

MAJOR: In addition to the property captured on 9th instant, already reported, I have to report the capture of 20 horses by the Seventh Regiment Virginia Cavalry, under Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Marshall.

Very respectfully,W. E. JONES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major H. B. McCLELLAN, Assistant Adjutant-General,

Hdqrs. Cavalry Division.

HEADQUARTERS JONES' BRIGADE, Snickersville, June 28, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, on the 21st instant, while on picket with my brigade in front of Union, the vedettes reported the enemy were crossing Goose Creek, at Millwille. Soon they reported the force, amounting to many regiments, moving toward Upperville [all cavalry]. A note from General Stuart to Colonel Chambliss, directing him to retire toward Upperville, as the fire of the artillery receded in that direction, was at this time sent me from my outpost.

