
Finding my front relieved of pressure, I notified Colonel Munford, on my left, of my intention to abandon my post, and moved at once to the support of the brigades on my rich. colonel Lomax, in charge of the sharpshooters, on the first appearance of the enemy in our front, was sent to support the Twelfth Virginia Cavalry, on picket. In retiring, this became our rear guard. Having arrived in rear of Colonel Chambliss' position, he was found retiring, and the advance of the enemy toward Upperville was such as to necessitate a deviation toward the mountain. This increase of distance rendered rapid movement necessary. The artillery of both brigades was put in the road and the cavalry on the flanks - Chambliss' to the left and mine to the right - approaching rapidly the elevation on which stands the house of Captain Gibson, to secure a position for our artillery. We found ourselves anticipated by the enemy, who, taking advantage of his shorter line, forced us into an engagement with Buford's whole division. The artillery, finding the struggle unavoidable, accepted with alacrity the part forced upon it by the enemy. The stone fence next the enemy was soon down, and the pieces in position were heard and felt by the enemy; but the hostile cavalry pushing on, a charge became necessary to save the artillery. The Eleventh Virginia Cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Funsten (Colonel Lomax still being in charge of the rear guard), made the attack, checking the advance until the artillery could cross the lane, where it again took position. In the meantime, the Seventh Virginia coming up, it was held in reserve. The leading squadron, under Captain [H. R. T.] Koontz, was sent to attack a body of the enemy approaching the road, and acquitted itself with credit. The remainder of the regiment attacked the force to the front and left of the first position of our battery. The check thus given the enemy enabled our artillery and cavalry to cross the road. By this time the enemy was massed in force in our front, and our cavalry having cleared our battery, it played with fearful effect on their men and horses. The punishment here inflicted, together with the difficulties of the ground, soon caused the enemy to abandon his intention of preventing a junction of our forces in Ashby's Gap. The difficulties of the ground brought Colonel Chambliss to my left in this engagement, our commands retiring together as soon as the pressure was removed. Our loss was 14 killed, 51 wounded, and 6 missing. The enemy took 61 wounded to two different hospitals. In horses, the losses seem to have been about 35 on each side.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. JONES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major H. B. McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Division.

HEADQUARTERS JONES' BRIGADE, Rixeyville, Va., July 30, 1863.

MAJOR: I respectfully report the operations of my command from June 29 to July 14. At the date first mentioned, the Sixth, Seventh, and Eleventh Regiments of Virginia Cavalry left Snickersville, and joined Brigadier-

