
General Robertson at Berryville. The Twelfth Virginia Cavalry having been sent to picket toward Harper's Ferry, was left on that duty. June 30, a part of this regiment, under Lieutenants [Samuel] Hammon and [George] Baylor, surprised and captured a cavalry picket of the enemy on Bolivar Heights. They killed 1 and captured 21, including 2 officers, with all their arms, horses, and equipments. White's battalion, which was detached at Brandy Station, has not been reporting its operations. The three remaining regiments of the brigade accompanied General Robertson, by way of Williamsport and Chambersburg, arriving at Cashtown July 3. Near this point, an order from General Lee required a force of cavalry to be sent at once to the vicinity of Fairfield, to form a line to the right and rear of our line of battle. In the absence of General Robertson, I determined to move my command at once into position, which met with the approbation of the general, who returned to camp before I was in motion. About 2 miles from Fairfield, we encountered the Sixth U. S. Regular Cavalry, en route to capture our cavalry division train, which must have fallen an easy prey but for our timely arrival. Many wagons in quest of forage were already within a few hundred yards of the enemy. We met in a lane, both sides of which were of post and rail fences, too strong to be broken without the ax. The country is open, the fields small, and all the fences of the same character as along the lane. No estimate could be made of the opposing force; but knowing a vigorous assault must put even a small force on a perfect equality with a large one until a wider field could be prepared, I at once ordered the Seventh Regiment, which was in front, to charge. Before the enemy could be reached, he succeeded in throwing carbineers through gates right and left, who poured into our flanks a galling fire. The leading men hesitated; the regiment halted and retreated, losing more men than a glorious victory would have cost had the onset been made with vigor and boldness. A failure to rally promptly and renew the fight is a blemish in the bright history of this regiment. Many officers and men formed noble exceptions. In their efforts to renew the fight, fell the noble brothers, Captain [John C.] and Lieutenant [Jacob G.] Shoup, the former desperately wounded and the latter instantly killed. Lieutenant [Samuel J.] Simpson, of this regiment, on provostguard duty, was in the thickest of the fight from first to last, capturing many more prisoners than he had men. Captains [Isaac] Kuykendall and [J. H.] Magruder also added to their brilliant and well-earned reputations. Fortunately the Seventh had a chance in a day or so, and cleared its reputation. The Sixth Virginia Cavalry (Major C. E. Flournoy commanding) was next ordered to charge, and did its work nobly. Adjutant [John] Allan and others fell, at its head, but, nothing daunted, it passed the skirmishers, assailing and completely routing one of the best United States regiments, just flushed with victory. The fruits were many killed and wounded - among the latter, Major Starr, commanding - and 184 prisoners taken. It is believed that in an open country a bold charge of cavalry will in all cases whip a line of skirmishers, and such attacks would soon reduce the Federal cavalry to its former relative standing. The evening of July 4, when it was reported the enemy were

