
the enemy's lines to my command. This was effected, with some very narrow escapes, on the night of the 5th, and the morning of the 6th I rejoined my command at Leiterburg, and returned with it by way of Smithtown [Smithsburg], Cavetown, and the old Frederick road, so as to participate in the attacks on General Kilpatrick at Hagerstown, and General Buford at Williamsport, that evening. The brilliant charge of the Eleventh Virginia Cavalry (Colonel Lomax commanding) is more fully detailed in the inclosed report. The evening of the 7th, the Sixth U. S. Regular Cavalry, making a reconnaissance near Funkstown, fell in with the Seventh Virginia Cavalry, which availed itself of the opportunity of settling old scores. Sabers were freely used, and soon 66 bloody-headed prisoners were here and there by cleft skulls and pierced bodies. The day at Fairfield is nobly and fully avenged. The Sixth U. S. Regular Cavalry numbers among the things that were. Colonel Marshall's report will give more fully the particulars. The report of Colonel Massie will give the particulars of the affair of the 14th instant near Harper's Ferry, in which we captured 1 major, 1 lieutenant, and 25 men, losing Colonel Harman, 1 lieutenant, and 3 men. In this campaign my brigade participated in three battles and the affair of Boonsborough. It killed and wounded many of the enemy, and captured over 600 prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. JONES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major H. B. McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Division.

Numbers 581. Reports of Major C. E. Flournoy, Sixth Virginia Cavalry.

JUNE 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with orders from brigade headquarters, I have the honor herewith to transmit the report of the part taken by my regiment in the battle of the 9th instant. Early in the morning, I was aroused by a couriers from Captain [Bruce] Gibson, Company A, announcing that the enemy had crossed the river in considerable force, and charged his post. He fought them gallantly for some minutes, charging and driving back their advance of 100 men, when they were stoutly re-enforced by two regiments of cavalry, and then they drove his pickets to within 300 yards of my camp. I hastily collected a portion of my regiment, amounting to about 150 men, and charged down the road toward Beverly Ford. Here I attacked two regiments of cavalry (the Eight New York and Eighth Illinois). We drove them before us for a short distance, killing and wounding some of them, and capturing 3 or 4 prisoners, with their horses, &amp;c. The prisoners mention Colonel Davis, of the Eighth New York, as killed. I wish to mention as acting with distinguished gallantry Lieutenant R. O. Allen and Lieutenant [C. G.] Shumate, of Company D. These officers led their men with distinguished gallantry. Lieutenant

