
Shumate was severely wounded, but remained on the field all day, notwithstanding his left arm was entirely disabled. In this fight, Captains [D. T.] Richards and [William T.] Mitchell led their men well, and Sergeant [John B.] Stone, of Company H, acted very gallantly, killing 1 and capturing 2 of the enemy. He was afterward killed, fighting gallantly in the charge near the Miller house. Lieutenants [C. B.] Brown and [J. T.] Mann, of Company I, were killed while leading their men. Captain [J. A.] Throckmorton led the second squadron in fine style, charging the right of the enemy's line; and although they proved too strong for him, he contested his ground fiercely, keeping them back for some time. The regiment held the enemy in check long enough for the baggage trains of the camps, which were near by, to be gotten out of danger and the battery to be placed in position. In this position, I lost 30 men killed, wounded, and prisoners. My regiment was then ordered by General Jones to the right, where reported to General Hampton, and acted with his brigade. I was there ordered by him to move quickly in the direction of Brandy Station, and, while on my way, I received orders from General Stuart to cut off 300 Yankees who were near the Miller house. I moved across the railroad, and, instead of 300, I met what prisoners reported as five regiments. I charged with my regiment, now reduced by casualties and the detachment of four of my companies to 200 men. We drove back the whole force, and had them in retreat, when we were attacked in rear, and forced to fall back toward the Miller house, where the enemy opened on us with artillery. We charged, and took the battery, but were unable to hold it, having been charged by five times our number. We fell back in confusion toward the hill in front of the Miller house, where the men were rallied and reformed. Captain [R. H.] Owen, Company G, and Captain Mitchell, Company E, acted well in this fight, leading a squadron to the charge, which would have proved entirely successful had the enemy been kept off of our rear. The officers and men of the regiment fought bravely until almost surrounded. We lost 24 men in this charge. Lieutenant Allen, Company D, was severely wounded while leading his men over the battery. I had 5 men killed, 25 wounded, and 24 taken prisoners (many of whom were wounded) in the two engagements. I am indebted to Surgeons [J. S.] Lewis and [Robert] Galt for their prompt and careful attention to my wounded.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. E. FLOURNOY,

Major, Commanding Sixth Virginia Cavalry.

Captain WALTER K. MARTIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General. -

JULY 18, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In pursuance of orders from brigade headquarters, received this day, I have the honor herewith to transmit a report of the part taken by my regiment (Sixth Virginia Cavalry) in the actions

