
in which the brigade has been engaged since crossing the Rappahannock River. This regiment marched with the brigade, and was in no action after crossing the river until the cavalry fight which took place between Union and Upperville on June 21. My regiment did no fighting here, but merely held a stone fence to cover the retreat of some of our cavalry, in which I lost 2 men killed, 8 wounded, and 1 missing; some 8 or 10 horses killed and wounded. The men behaved well, keeping well in place under a heavy fire from the enemy's sharpshooters, not being able to return the fire, the range being too long for pistols. Captain Owen, with the fifth squadron, supported the battery. He had 1 lieutenant and 1 man wounded by shell. The regiment then marched and picketed with the brigade until arriving at Fairfield, Pa., where we met the Sixth U. S. Regular Cavalry, strongly posted with long-range guns behind post and rail fences and in an apple orchard. I formed the regiment in column of squadrons immediately after arriving on the ground, seeing that the Seventh Virginia Cavalry had already engaged the enemy, and, at the intimation from the commanding general, gave the order to charge. The men, with a wild yell, went forward splendidly, led by Captain Richards and his gallant squadron. The Yankees were soon broken and put to flight. A party having rallied on my right, I charged them with Captain Owen's squadron, and soon started them in flight. In this fight, my adjutant (Lieutenant John Allan) was killed while gallantly leading the regiment. In his death the service loses a gallant soldier and most efficient officer. All of my officers and men acted well their parts with few exceptions. Captains Richards, [William R.] Welch, [Bruce] Gibson, [D. A.] Grimsley, and [C. M.] Kemper behaved with marked gallantry, leading their men in good style. Lieutenant [R. R.] Duncan, Company B, was conspicuous for his daring, having sobered five Yankees, running his saber entirely through one, and twisting him from his horse. In this fight, I lost 3 men killed and 17 wounded, 1 officer killed and 2 wounded, and 5 missing. The regiment was in no further engagement until the advance on Boonsborough, when, being in front, I commenced the attack with my sharpshooters, aided by the sharpshooters of the Eleventh Virginia Cavalry. We soon drove in the enemy's advance force, and succeeded in capturing several prisoners, horses, and arms. In this affair I made no charge; only had the sharpshooters engaged, commanded by Captain Gibson. They seem to have done their duty. In the fight at Fairfield, my regiment captured about 150 prisoners, with arms and horses. A good many of the arms and horsed were taken possession of by another command. The Boonsborough affair closed our active operations. We were several times engaged in unimportant skirmishes, in which we neither lost any men (excepting one wounded) nor hurt the enemy. We then moved back across the Potomac with the brigade, and my regiment is now picketing at snicker's Ferry, on the Shenandoah River.

C. E. FLOURNOY,

Major Sixth Virginia Cavalry, Commanding.

Captain W. K. MARTIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

