
Numbers 582. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Marshall, Seventh Virginia Cavalry.

JUNE 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I herewith send a report of the part taken by the Seventh Regiment in the action of yesterday, in the vicinity of Beverly Ford and Brandy Station. Soon after reveille, a considerable skirmish fire in the direction of Beverly Ford showed that the enemy was probably making an advance. One regiment was mounted, and moved at a rapid gait in a few moments to the scene of action. The reserve of the Sixth Regiment being immediately in our front, I ordered the Seventh to move upon our left flank, Just as we were emerging from a skirt of woods, we came under the fire of the enemy's sharpshooters, protected by woods, about 200 yards distant. Not knowing what might be the force hidden from view, we continued the charge upon the flank. The head of my column, which went some depth into the woods, fell back, encountering a superior force. At this point one of the enemy was killed and another taken prisoner, and about the same time 2 of our men were killed. I then received orders to fall back gradually, if pressed upon by a much heavier force. Throwing out skirmishers, I moved the regiment into a body of woods about 150 yards distant. Here a number of sharpshooters, in charge of Lieutenant [J. G.] Neff, were dismounted and placed near the edge of the woods, and protected by a fence, who kept the enemy in check. The pickets upon left having reported that the enemy had placed a piece of artillery in a position which would command the body of woods held by us, we fell back slowly, and, moving in the direction of Brandy Station, I drew up the regiment in line upon a commanding hill, with a wood in our rear, and from which position we had an extensive view of the field of battle. At this point, receiving orders to regain the position occupied earlier in the morning, the regiment was moved by me in column of fours in the direction of the river. Previous to this I had ordered out a body of sharpshooters, in charge of Major [S. B.] Myers, to feel the woods in our front, in order to ascertain the force of the enemy thought to have possession of it. Hearing from Lieutenant [W. W.] Buck, Company E, that there was a force of cavalry in such a position that we could probably gain something by an attack upon them, I ordered the regiment forward, and, as soon as we came in view, charged them. Before we came in effective range of them, they wheeled about, and made good speed. A portion of our column pursued them for some distance until they fell upon a supporting force. The enemy then opened upon us from a battery on our flank. I then moved the regiment in column of fours under the shelter of a hill, at which point we fell in with General W. H. [F.] Lee's brigade, which had come up on our left. Being for the time effectually separated from our own brigade, I continued to operate in conjunction with General Lee. A portion of the artillery of the Third Brigade coming up, was placed in a commanding position, and did admirable service. We remained under the shelling of the enemy for some hours without any casualties, excepting a slight wound received by Captain [B. P.] Crampton from the bursting of one of the enemy's

