
shells, as we were moving in the direction of Brandy, by order of General Lee. On my way, I received orders from General Jones to rejoin his brigade, which I did in a portion of the field about half a mile from brigade headquarters. Here we remained, resting in palace, until order to move up in column of squadrons, to charge the enemy in case of an attempt on his part to take our batteries. While in this position, the fighting on the left wing became much warmer, and the Seventh was ordered to go to the support of General W. H. [F.] Lee, at a rapid trot. Arriving near the scene of action, and upon information given by a soldier who appeared to know the position of affairs, I ordered a charge; but upon reaching the brown of a very steep hill, our column was a good deal separated. Instead of finding the enemy at the point indicated, they were discovered drawn up in heavy force upon a still higher eminence, and protected in their rear by a wood. In this charge, which resulted only, perhaps, in checking their advance, our right flank was fired upon by one of the enemy's batteries, and we had 1 man wounded. I then fell back, and, in accordance with an order from Colonel [J. L.] Davis (who was commanding in that portion of the field, General Lee having been wounded), I moved down in column of squadrons, preparatory to a charge upon the enemy. We were afterward ordered to support General Roberson, and subsequently, in the evening, to support infantry skirmishers. At the close of the day, we received orders to move in the direction of our old camp. Thence we marched in the direction of Beverly Ford, and took charge of the picked posts in that vicinity. Our loss in killed, wounded, and missing is as follows: Killed, 2 men, 1 in Company C, and 1 in Company F; wounded, mortally, as supposed, 2 (1 since dead); severely, 4; slightly, 8; not seriously, 6. Total killed and wounded, 22. Among the wounded is Sergeant Whiting, who is represented to have acted with a great deal of gallantry.

Very respectfully,

THOMAS MARSHALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Seventh Virginia Cavalry.

Captain W. K. MARTIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[P. S.]-There were also 2 men missing, supposed to be captured. Our loss in horses was-Killed, 8; wounded, 15. Both officers and men acted their parts well, and though not on this occasion tested by any imminent peril, yet I feel quite sure they would have done their duty had such been the case. The report upon horses, arms, saddles, &amp;c., captured will be handed in by the adjutant of the regiment. -

AUGUST 9, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to the order from brigade headquarters, I beg leave to submit the following report. Owing to constant active employment in the field, I have been delayed hitherto, and the same cause must be my excuse for its imperfection. On June 17, our regiment, which had been on picket, crossed the Rappahannock near the Fauquier White Sulphur Springs, and passing through Warrenton, encamped for the night near Salem.

