
June 23. - Moved to Snicker's Gap, and reheved in part the pickets of General Fitzhugh Lee.

June 24. - Still on picket, and until

June 29, upon which day moved in rear of the brigade to camp near Berryville, Clarke County.

June 30. - Moved to and encamped for the night within 3 miles of Martinsburg, Berkeley County.

July 1. - Crossed the Potomac at Williamsport, Companies F and G being sent on a scout to Hagerstown, the brigade, our regiment included, moving on, and encamping within 2 or 3 miles of Greencastle, Pa.

July 2. - Went on a scout with the regiment through Hagerstown nearly to Funkstown, and, sending a scouting party beyond that place toward Boonsborough, retraced our steps to Hagerstown; moved on through Middleburg on the line, Greencastle, and Champbersburg, Pa., encamping with the brigade about a mile beyond the latter place.

July 3. - Left camp with the brigade at 1 a. m., crossing the mountain range, reaching Cashtown. Rested a little while; then moved on our right flank toward Millerstown, or Fairfield. Encountered the enemy, who were in pursuit of some wagons. Moved up at a charge, in order to save the wagons, and found the enemy strongly posted, a portion of their column in the lane, and their other forces disposed on either flank, protected on the one side by an orchard and on the other by a strong post and rail fence in front. They opened a galling fire upon us, driving us back, and killing and wounding a good many. The regiment did not at this place and time close up as promptly as it should, in this manner, no doubt, making our loss greater than it would otherwise have been, though the final result was probably on this very account more favorable to us. The Sixth Regiment, coming to our support, made a gallant and successful charge. A portion of the Seventh joined in this charge of the column, and near its head, down the lane toward Fairfield, and also drove the enemy on either flank, capturing from 75 or 100, the whole number taken being about 220. Some horses and a large number of arms were also captured. Our losses* in this engagement were as follows: Total loss at Fairfield fight: Officers and enlisted men - Killed, 8; wounded, 21; missing, 1. Horses - Killed, 13; wounded, 8. Adjutant [J. W.] McCarty's horse was also wounded and my own killed. Encamped that night on the battle-field. Moved up next day (July 4), and encamped ; in the vicinity of Fairfield, our sharpshooters skirmishing with the enemy on the road leading to Emmitsburg.

July 5. - Our regiment was sent on scout and picket in the direction of Emmitsburg, to join General Stuart, if practicable. Sent a scout nearly to Emmitsburg, which was fired upon by the enemy's pickets; 1 man wounded - Private Peter Hulva, Company H, Seventh Virginia Cavalry.

July 6. - Participated in the cavalry fight near Hagerstown. No casualties.

July 7. - On picket with all the regiment, excepting Company C, near Funkstown. Company C on picket on Sharpsburg road, at which time Lieutenant [W. W.] Murphy, commanding, had some skirmishing with the enemy, without casualty of any kind.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

