
July 10. - Sharpshooters to the front, under command of Captain [Isaac] Kuykendall, all day.

July 11. - Sharpshooters still skirmishing.

July 12. - Sharpshooters drawn in; regiment ordered upon our extreme left, in the direction of Greencastle. Afterward moved by the shortest route to Williamsport; crossed the Potomac; pressed on, and encamped within 2 1\2 miles of Shepherdstown, it being feared that a cavalry force of the enemy was about to fall upon our flank and rear. Total loss:

Officers &amp; men	Killed	Wounded	Missing	 Total

Officers	 3	 3	 1	 7

Enlisted men	 10	 38	 11	 59

TOTAL	 13	 41	 12	 66

Also 1 officer injured by fall of his horse, shot under him. Horses killed, 37; wounded, 45; captured by enemy, 9. We are called to mourn the death of a number of brave officers and men. In Lieutenant [J. G.] Shoup is lost to the service a most gallant and valuable officer, and in Lieutenant [Erasmus] Rosenberger a faithful and improving one. In respect to the conduct upon the field of the officers of this regiment, as far as my observation has extended, it has been active, zealous, and gallant. If I may be allowed to mention the case of a single one as peculiarly marked, it would be that of Lieutenant [C. H.] Vandiver, Company F, who on every occasion is among the foremost, and who at the Fairfield fight, with his double-barreled shot-gun, whipped in single combat three of the foe, shooting one, capturing a second, and putting to flight the third. In Major Myers the regiment has a most valuable field officer, whose merits are well known to the commanding officer of the brigade. Adjutant McCarty proved himself, as always, fearless of danger. Trusting that in the future conflicts with the foe this regiment may be even more successful than it has been in the past, and prompt at the call of duty,

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS MARSHALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Seventh Virginia Cavalry.

Captain W. K. MARTIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 583. Report of Colonel L. L. Lomax, Eleventh Virginia Cavalry.

JUNE 9, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I beg leave to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the late engagement: The regiment moved out about sunrise to the brick church on the road from Brandy Station to the river, where we remained formed in the woods until the enemy advanced from the

woods in front, when

