
On the 3rd instant, reached Fairfield, and, during the engagement at that point, was held in reserve. The regiment picketed at and beyond Fairfield that night and the next day, taking a number of prisoners, who had been scattered in the fight on the day previous. On the 4th instant, the regiment was in line of battle all evening, supporting Moorman's battery on the road leading from Fairfield to Emmitsburg. Captain [A. J.] Ware, with two companies (F and G), having been sent forward on the road to ascertain the position of the enemy, found a regiment of cavalry advancing, which he drove back nearly to the intersection of the road with the Emmitsburg pike. On the 5th instant, the regiment was ordered to take post on the road crossing the mountain, and leading to the Emmitsburg pike. Captain [John R.] Pendleton was ordered to take his company, and move on the pike to the top of Jack's Mountain, to ascertain the movements of a cavalry column of the enemy that had passed the evening before. Captain Pendleton took a number of prisoners and horses from the stragglers of the enemy, but found no enemy in force. Captain [E. H.] McDonald, with his company, late in the day was ordered along the same road, with instructions to keep it open. Captain [M. M.] Ball was ordered to Emmitsburg, to open communication with Major-General Stuart, supposed to be at that point. Captain Ball found the enemy picketing about 3 miles from Emmitsburg, and drove the pickets in. On reaching Emmitsburg, he found the enemy in possession of the town in some force, and was forced to retire, with the loss of 1 man severely wounded. On the night of the same day, Lieutenant-General Ewell having sent word that the rear of the train had been attacked by a force of artillery and cavalry, the Eleventh Regiment was ordered to Fairfield, where it remained until the rear of the train had passed. Reached camp at 1 a. m., and moved at 3 a. m. in the direction of Cavetown. Reached that point at 12 o'clock, and moved in the direction of Hagerstown, Md. On approaching Hagerstown, found the enemy in possession of the town, and engaged on the right by Major-General Stuart with his forces. The enemy having been driven from the town, moved on the Williamsport pike; found two regiments of the enemy drawn up in line across the pike and in the field to the left, their artillery on the brow of a hill, raking the pike, their right being protected by a stone wall, with only one gap to enter their field. The regiment was moved parallel with the pike until within about 500 yards of the enemy's position, when it turned into the pike, under a heavy fire from the enemy's battery; moved slowly until within 200 yards of the enemy, when the command to charge was given. The column on the pike was completely broken and dispersed; a number of prisoners, horses, &amp;c., captured. Finding two squadrons in the field still in line and moving toward the stone fence, which would afford them good protection from a charge and from our fire, the regiment was rallied, and moved back on the pike to the gap, formed in line, and charged the enemy in the field, with success. I would state that the regiment while engaged was entirely unsupported by sharpshooters or by any regiment moving up to the charge; was exposed to a deadly fire of artillery, and, when rallied, was completely in rear of the squadrons in the field, and within a few yards of the enemy's battery. The gap in the stone fence was well contested by the enemy, but they could not stand the impetuous charge of the regiment. In this engagement about 100 prisoners and

