
50 horses were captured. The headquarters of the regiment with two squadrons, remained on the battle-field during the night, and moved the next morning below Hagerstown, to picket on the Cavetown and adjacent roads. The regiment was ordered the next morning to move with the brigade in the direction of Boonsborough. A force of the enemy was found posted 2 miles from the town. The sharpshooters, being dismounted and sent forward, were engaged the greater part of the day, driving the enemy steadily toward town, the loss in wounded being 6. The remainder of the regiment was not actively engaged, but supported a battery exposed to heavy shelling, resulting in the loss of several horsed. The sharpshooters of the regiment were engaged all the next day with the advance of the enemy near Funkstown, the remainder of the regiment supporting. On the 13th instant, the regiment was ordered to withdraw from the bridge on the Cavetown road, and to retire through Hagerstown on the Williamsport pike, two pieces of artillery being placed under my command. On passing through Hagerstown, the rear of the regiment was charged by the enemy's cavalry from two streets, but quickly repulsed by sharpshooters, with a loss of 10 or 12, the loss of the regiment being 1 prisoner and 3 wounded. After passing through the town, I moved on the Williamsport pike; placed the artillery in position to fire upon a column of the enemy's cavalry moving on the Boonsborough pike. The enemy's column on that road was completely broken and turned back, none passing while I remained in position. The regimelt was ordered to the Greencastle road, to picket, where it remained without anything of importance occurring until the afternoon, when the regiment was ordered to recross the river. I would state, in conclusion, that both officers and men of the regiment endured all hardships without a murmur. As the regiment, when engaged, was under the immediate eye of the major-general commanding, no comments from me will be necessary.

Respectfully submitted.

L. L. LOMAX,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. K. MARTIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 584. Report of Colonel A. W. Harman, Twelfth Virginia Cavalry, of engagement at Brandy Station.

JUNE 10, 1863.

GENERAL: In the engagement of yesterday, my regiment was engaged nearly the whole day. In the morning, we were engaged on the Beverly Ford road, at which point the enemy was repulsed, losing his colors and a good many prisoners. After this engagement, I was ordered with my regiment to move in the direction of Brandy Station. Before getting to the latter place, I encountered the enemy in large force, and did not succeed in repulsing him until re-enforcements arrived. My sharpshooters were engaged during the remainder of the day.

