
arriving near the house which had been occupied by General Stuart as his headquarters, I was ordered by him to form my battalion in line of battle on the left of the road leading to Culpeper Court-House, and charge the squadrons around the house. Here again I lost time, and was thrown into some confusion by a squadron of the Twelfth, which broke through my line. My men were soon formed, however, and I ordered the first squadron, under the command of Captain [George M.] Ferneyhough, Company F, to charge the enemy occupying the grounds in front of the house - three squadrons - while I, with the two remaining squadrons, attacked a regiment to the left and in the rear of the house. Both charges were successful. We drove him from the hill, and down the road that led across the railroad. I had pursued the fleeing Federals about 200 yards, when I was informed that another regiment of the enemy had come up in my rear, cut off my first squadron, and retaken the hill from which he had just been driven. I ordered 20 men to continue the pursuit from which I was thus reluctantly forced to desist, and returned with the remained of my command to renew the contest for the possession of the hill. The contest, though fierce, was soon decided. My brave followers rushed upon the force occupying it with the irresistible energy of men determined not to be conquered. It was soon broken and scattered, with the loss of its colonel, who was killed in the conflict. At this time I was re-enforced by a company of the Sixth Virginia, and, with what men of my own I could collect and this company, I ordered a charge upon the battery that was stationed on the Culpeper road, about 300 yards west of the crest of the hill where I then was. This battery had been playing upon me the whole time. Such a glorious charge as was then made by the gallant band that I shall ever by proud to have commanded on that occasion, I have not witnessed during this war. Through the terrible and destructive rain of grape and canister and leaden bullets poured upon them by the battery and the large cavalry force supporting it, it dashed fearlessly, fiercely on, until it swept like a whirlwind over the battery and into the ranks of the supporting force. It was soon scattered like chaff, and the battery was ours. How my heart swelled with pride then and there, when I thought of the power that nerves a freeman's arm when striking for his rights! The men at the battery fought with desperation, continuing to fire their small-arms after they were completely surrounded. There was no demand for a surrender or offer of one until nearly all the men, with many of their horses, were either killed or wounded. We were destined, however, to hold the battery but a short time. I had no support sent to me, and, being entirely unprotected, I was soon surrounded by the enemy, who came down upon me from every quarter. All of my men excepting about 20 were pursuing the cavalry that had supported the battery. The few left were involved in a difficulty from which it was all but impossible to extricate themselves; but the coolness and bravery which had led them to deeds of noblest heroism throughout that terrible day did not desert them now, and they cut their way through the thick, close ranks of the foe, though not without the loss of half their number. It would be difficult and probably invidious to call special attention to the conduct of any particular individual when all did their 49 R R - VOL XXVII, PT II

