
duty so well. I have never known men to act with more un shrinking gallantry than those of my battalion did throughout the day; not a man I saw or heard of failed to come up to the full requirements of the occasion. We captured in this battle four stand of colors, one of which was sent to Culpeper, one lost in the charge on the battery, and the other two I have in my possession. Private B. C. Taylor, of Company C, while ; in full charge through a regiment, snatched the colors from their bearer, and carried them safely away. We captured also about 100 prisoners, a number of arms, horses, and equipments, many of which we were compelled to turn over to different quartermasters and individuals, as I did not permit the men to encumber themselves while every man was needed to repel the foe. While I write this report with a just pride in the gallant Confederate soldiers whom I have the distinguished honor to command for shall be proud to command them, if I live, upon other fields, I deem it not unmanly to give a tear to the brave dead, who have sealed with their life-blood their devotion to their country and to the great cause of justice, truth, and liberty. The following is a list* of killed, wounded, and missing: Total killed, wounded, and missing, 90.

Respectfully submitted.

E. V. WHITE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Thirty-fifth Battalion.

General W. E. JONES, Commanding, &amp;c.

JUNE 18, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I crossed the Potomac River last night about 3 miles above the Point of Rocks; broke the railroad and telegraph wire at that point; then moved down to the Point of Tocks, at which place I attacked the enemy, killed 4, wounded 20, and captured 53, including 3 commissioned officers. The wounded were left behind; the others have been sent to Winchester. I captured a train of cars and a number of wagons, together with a large amount of baggage and camp equipage, which were burned. The prisoners report a small force on the Loudoun Heights; none in Harper's Ferry. Appearances indicate the they expect soon to evacuate that country. I lost no men killed or wounded.

E. V. WHITE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Major General J. E. B. STUART.

JUNE 20, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 17th instant, after leaving a sufficient number of men to guard the

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

