
different passes of the Blue Ridge, between Snicker's Gap and the Potomac River, I started from Snickersville at 9 a. m. with 125 men; crossed the Potomac River at a point 3 miles above Point of Rocks. About 5. 30 p. m. I sent Lieutenant Joshua R. Crown, Company B, with 70 men, across the country to the Frederick City and Point of Rocks road, while I, with the remaining party, moved down the tow-path, with the intention of forming a junction at the Point, where I had previously learned Captain Sam. [C.] Means' company was stationed. Lieutenant Crown had not reached the Frederick City road before he encountered double his number - Major Cole's battalion. Not daunted by numbers, he charged them with that impetuosity and daring that has distinguished him on so many occasions; broke and pursued them within 6 miles of Frederick City. In the meantime, I had moved on to Point of Rocks, routed Means' company, captured camp equipage, including 3 wagons, and a train of cars, numbering 18, all of which were burned. We killed 4, wounded 27, and captured over 100 prisoners, only 53 of whom were brought over with us, not being able to mount more. Among the prisoners were 1 captain and 2 lieutenants. We broke the telegraph wires, tore up some of the railroad track, and recrossed the Potomac River about 10 p. m. Reached Snickersville at 9 a. m. on the morning of the 18th, without the loss of a man, thus making the trip of 57 miles in about twenty-five hours.

Most respectfully,

E. V. WHITE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Thirty-fifth Battalion.

General W. E. JONES, Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 587. Report of Colonel John R. Chambliss, jr., commanding brigade, of engagement at Brandy Station.

HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CAVALRY BRIGADE, June 13, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the operations of the brigade, while under my command, in the engagement with the enemy on Tuesday, the 9th instant. About 4. 30 p. m. Brigadier General W. H. F. Lee was wounded and Colonel Sol. Williams, Second North Carolina Cavalry, was killed, and I assumed command, having previously been in charge of three squadrons dismounted as sharpshooters. Only a few shots were fired, and the action was virtually over after I assumed command. The enemy began to fall back rapidly toward Beverly Ford. I moved up the brigade in that direction, and remained on the field until he had crossed the river, under the protection of infantry and artillery. I returned to camp, and established the original picket line. I do not deem it proper for me to state what came under my observation during the day, as General Lee will make a detailed report as soon as his very painful wound will permit.

