
I transmit the list of casualties, * which would have been forwarded sooner, but presumed that the report of the surgeon of the brigade was sufficient.

I am, major, most respectfully,

JNO. R. CHAMBLISS, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major H. B. McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 588. Report of Major R. F. Beckham, C. S. Army, commanding Horse Artillery, of engagement at Brandy Station.

JUNE 12, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that, on the morning on June 9, four companies of the horse artillery were encamped on the Beverly Ford road, about 1 1\2 miles from the river. The fifth company (Breathed's) had been detached, and was at this time higher up the river, with General W. H. F. Lee's command. Just before sunrise, I receive information to the effect that our pickets had been driven in, and that the enemy was advancing rapidly in large force. I immediately directed Captain [J. F.] Hart to place one piece by hand in the road, and ordered all the others to be hitched up as promptly as possible, ant to take position on the high ground, about 600 or 800 yards south of the camp. The enemy approached rapidly and boldly, and had it not been for the delay of a few minutes caused him by the arrival of a regiment under General Jones, it is more than probable we would have been compelled to abandon the pieces. As it was, several of the horses were wounded before we could move from camp. The position first taken was just opposite Saint James' Church, and on the east of the road. This was held with ease against the enemy's column for two hours or more, and could, I think, have been held all day had not the appearance of the enemy in our rear rendered it necessary to abandon this point, in order to regain Pettis' hill, which the enemy had occupied with his cavalry. In this first position taken up, three of the pieces had become disabled from the shock of the recoil; one had been detached with Colonel Butler, on the Stevensburg road; two were on the Kellysville road, and two had been placed, by order of the major-general commanding, on Pettis' hill. This left only five pieces (now nearly exhausted of ammunition) within reach, to be brought into action. Three of these, by General Stuart's order, were left with General Jones, and the remaining two (McGregor's) were moved to the rear, to assist in driving the enemy from the position north of Brandy. Captain Hart also caseated in getting into position one of the guns whose carriage had already been greatly damaged, and fortunately succeeded in firing two or three very effective shots before the carriage was completely disabled. The pieces first placed on Pettis' hill were under the command of Lieutenant [John W.] Carter, of [R. P.] Chew's battery, and had been repeatedly charged by the enemy and retaken by our cavalry,

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

