
and at the time that the two guns of McGregor's were brought toward the crest of the hill, it was very doubtful which party had possession of it. The two guns were, however, moved up rapidly, and scarcely had they reached the top, and before they could be put in position, a small party of the enemy charged them. The charge was met by the cannoneers of the pieces. Lieutenant [C. E.] Ford killed one of the enemy with his pistol; Lieutenant [William] Hoxton killed one, and Private Sully [Sudley?], of McGregor's battery, knocked one off his horse with a sponge-staff. Several of the party were taken prisoners by the men at the guns. Fire was then opened from these guns on the enemy toward Brandy Station, and soon afterward I was enabled to get together the guns which had been sent on the Kellysville road, or left with General Jones, and to place them in position for clearing the plain about the hill. My guns were keep in position on this hill, firing slowly, until the enemy had recrossed the river, and I received an order to withdraw. During all the morning, the firing had been quite regular, but not very rapid, and in the first position directed nearly all the time at the skirmishers of the enemy and the masses concealed in the woods. I was not able to judge positively of the effect of the firing, owing to the covered ground the enemy occupied, he rarely showing more than his line of sharpshooters. However, I learn since that a large number of his horses were left dead in the woods, and have no doubt that he suffered severely in men also. The little firing done in regaining Pettis' hill was very accurate and powerful in its results, scattering the columns of the enemy advancing to the charge. Captain Breathed, whose battery was with General W. H. F. Lee, in the vicinity of Freeman's, reports that about 8 a. m. of the 9th instant, one section, under Lieutenant [P. P.] Johnston, recrossed the Hazel River, and took position guarding the road leading from Beverly toward Welford's Ford; the other section was near Starke's Ford. The section under Lieutenant Johnston contended successfully with the enemy's sharpshooters and a battery of four guns, holding its position until ordered to retire, about 2 p. m. In retiring, it was joined by the other section, and ordered to take position at a point about 2 miles west of Brandy Station, whence a desultory fire was kept up on the enemy, who soon commenced retiring across the river. The skill and good conduct of the men under Lieutenant Johnston have been highly extolled by cavalry officers who were present during the action, and many bloody evidences of the good effect of their work were left on the field in their front. Privates Young, Wagner, and [T. D.] Loudenslager, whose good conduct is specially noticed, were wounded at their guns. The reports of captured property have already been sent to the division quartermaster and ordnance officer. The following constitute the casualties: Killed - Corporal [A. E.] Dornin, of Moorman's battery; wounded, 3 privates; missing 1. Wounded - 1 of Hart's battery, 3 of Chew's battery, and 3 of Breathed's battery. Total - Killed, 1; wounded, 10; and missing, 1. Respectfully submitted.

R. F. BECKHAM,

Major, Artillery.

Major H. B. McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Division.

