
JUNE 4, 1863. - Skirmish on the Lawyers' road, near Fairfax Court-House, Va.

Report of Major General Julius Stahel, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division.
HEADQUARTERS STAHEL'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Fairfax Court-House, Va., June 4, 1863.

SIR: All is quiet along our lines and in front on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad. This morning at 5 o'clock, when the relief passed, our pickets were attacked on the Lawyers' road by guerrillas. Colonel Gray at once started with about 120 men in search of them, but could find nothing of them in those woods. He then went on to scout the whole country, and, when he passed Frying Pan, his rear guard was attacked by about 100 rebels, who were hidden in a thick wood. Colonel Gray turned his column and charged the rebels, who fled in great haste through the woods. He followed them up to Aldie, and from there returned, via Dranesville. Our entire loss is 3 wounded, and some horses wounded. We captured, their surgeon, Dr. Alexander.

Respectfully,JUL. STAHEL,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff, and A. A. G., Department of Washington.

JUNE 4-5, 1863. - Expedition from Yorktown to Walkerton and Aylett's, Va. REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Major General Erasmus D. Keyes, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Army Corps.

Numbers 2. - Lieutenant Colonel C. Carroll Tevis, Fourth Delaware Infantry, commanding expedition.

Numbers 3. - Captain John C. Lee, Ninety-ninth New York Infantry, commanding the Smith Briggs.

Numbers 4. - Lieutenant Commander James H. Gillis, U. S. Navy.

Numbers 5. - Brigadier General Henry A. Wise, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General E. D. Keyes, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Army Corps.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Fort Yorktown, Va., June 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that a combined expedition left here shortly after sunset on the evening of the 4th instant, under the following instructions: A combined expedition of land and naval forces will leave this place at 6 o'clock this p. m., with the purpose of destroying a foundry at a point on the Pamunkey River, some 10 miles above Walkerton. The land force will consist of 400 infantry, 100 each from the Fourth Delaware, One hundred and sixty-eight New York, One hundred and sixty-ninth and One hundred and seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Drafted

