
Company D alone escaped intact. Having been detailed as provost-guard of Winchester, it left that place with the Third Brigade, in charge of some prisoners. That brigade did not participate in the action. On being made aware of an attack, it was marched to the rear by its commanding officer, and made its way across the country to Pennsylvania. After the escape of the First Brigade, the rebels had rapidly prolonged their line to the right, with a view of cutting off the retreat of the remainder of the force to Harper's Ferry, and at the termination of the third charge it was seven-eighths encircled. Escape under these circumstances was a difficult matter. Colonel Ely and Lieutenant-Colonel Nichols, being dismounted, were captured. Major Peale was well mounted, and, having called together some 30 of the advanced men, made his escape with them to Harper's Ferry by a circuitous route, his horse being wounded in the attempt. Some 200 escaped in the direction of Hancock, Md., and a number, having forced their way through the lines of the enemy, straggled off in other directions, and afterward turned up in hospitals in Baltimore and elsewhere.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Henry Peale,

Major, Commanding Eighteenth Connecticut Volunteers.

Brigadier General Horace J. Morse, Adjutant-General State of Connecticut, Hartford, Conn.

No 396.

Report of Major Noah G. Ruhl, Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations June 13-15.

Bloody Run, PA., June 28, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the doings of the Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry in regard to the defense of Winchester, Va.: Saturday, June 13, at 9 a. m., the Eighty-seventh, by order of Colonel Ely, moved forward from camp, and took position behind a stone wall on the south side of the Front Royal road, and near a section of Battery L, Fifth U. S. Artillery, which was engaged shelling the rebels in the woods. The regiment was in position but a short time when the rebels opened a terrible fire with grape and canister upon us from a battery posted about 400 yards in our front. By order of Colonel Ely, the regiment fell back to the town, and took position to support Battery L, Fifth U. S. Artillery, which had taken position on an eminence on the south side of the town, between the Front Royal and Strasburg roads. We remained in position there until 6 p. m., when the regiment was ordered to the mill on the Strasburg road, where the regiment encountered a body of rebel infantry, which, after some skirmishing, fled in confusion, closely pursued by the Eighty-seventh. The regiment continued a brisk skirmish with the rebel until the darkness of night hid the rebels from view. By order, the regiment marched back, and took their position as a support to

Battery L.

