
pany B, Fourth Delaware volunteers, and that Corporal [William] Bamford, of the same company, straggled from the column, and has been killed or captured by the enemy. The officers and men generally did their duty; but I take especial pleasure in calling your attention to the good behavior of the Fourth Delaware Volunteers, and to the courage and ability displayed by Captain M. B. Gist, First Lieutenant H. Cullen, and Second Lieutenant Pierce Neals, who commanded the advance and rear guards of my column, handling their skirmishers with much skill, and driving back the rebel cavalry which hovered around us during the march, and to the good behavior and management of Major William H. Yerkes, and the officers and men of the One hundred and seventy-ninth Pennsylvania volunteers, who formed the reserve of my command during the march. I desire also to call your attention to the eminent services of Dr. D. S. Hopkins, not only in his professional capacity of surgeon of the regiment, but as aide-de-camp. On our return, we were exposed to a continual fire of the enemy's riflemen from the banks of the river on both sides, from a short distance below Walkerton to near West Point. In addition to the horses, mules, and cattle captured, I estimate the

property of all kinds destroyed to amount to obedient servant,

C. CARROLL TEVIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth Delaware Volunteers.

Colonel A. H. GRIMSHAW, Comdg. First Brigade, First Division, Fourth Corps.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain John C. Lee, Ninety-ninth New York Infantry, commanding the Smith Briggs.

U. S. S. SMITH BRIGGS, Yorktown, Va., June 6, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to your orders, received through Captain Gillis, of the Commodore Morris, I started, in company with the other two gunboats and one transport, at sundown on the evening of the 4th of June, for Walkerton, on the Mattapony River. We arrived at the latter place without interruption, and anchored at 3 o'clock on the following morning. The troops were immediately landed, and took up their line of march at 5 o'clock along the right bank of the river. Shortly afterward, I landed on the left bank with 15 men from my boat, and advanced inland one-quarter of a mile, when we met the enemy's mounted pickets, and drove them back. I followed them about 1 mile farther, until I came to where the road branched off in a westerly direction, and, not having men enough to advance on both roads, I returned to the boat. At 12 m. I again went on shore with the same number of men, accompanied by Captain [Louis J.] Howard, of your staff. We went up the road about half a mile, and found a saw-mill that had been cutting timber for the rebel Government, and concluded to take what machinery we could out of it, and destroy the rest. Captain

