
They had marched 10 miles up to Aylett's, in King William; had burned there the foundry, the warehouse, four granaries, two large store-houses, a tailor shop, the machine-shops, and two private residences. Below Aylett's, Aylett's mill, Dr [D. H.] Gregg's two barns, containing 3, 000 bushels of wheat and corn; James Roane's two barns and two corn-houses, all his grain and outhouses, and 1, 000 pounds of bacon; Dr. [A. H.] Perkins' very fine barn and every outhouse, all of the bets kind, and all his grain; Warner Edwards' large barn and all his fodder; Hill King's barn and all his machinery, implements, and corn. In King and Queen they burned a saw-mill. Of slaves, they took off, it is supposed, 300; 131 were counted up by my informants, and they were confident of twice that number. In the loss of slaves, Dr. Gregg. Mrs. [Clarissa] Rorbbins, Mr. Edwards, Dr. [W. V.] Croxton, and Mr. [John] Cooke were the chief sufferers. A number are reported taken from King and Queen also. Why particular persons were singled out and made to suffer most damage can be accounted for by the accompanying paper* from and intelligent and respectable citizen, Mr. [A. T.] Mooklar. The damage amounts to at least $300, 000 to $500, 000. It was a daring and destructive raid, and can be perpetrated again unless General Pettigrew can be ordered to picket and hold the upper ferries of the Mattapony, and unless I be allowed (at discretion) to cross the Pamunkey as emergency may require. At present, I respectfully recommend that Colonel Goode be not ordered to return to Chaffin's farm, but that I be permitted to hold the Fourth here for a time, at least. I will order Colonels [R. T. W.] Duke and [W. B.] Tabb to hold the bluffs below, on the Pamunkey, and also the Diascund Bridge. Please send there some heavier pieces of artillery.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General ELZEY, Commanding, &amp;c.

JUNE 5-7, 1863. -

Reconnaissance through Gates County, N. C. and down the Chowan River.

Report of Major Franklin A. Stratton, commanding Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry.

CAMP SUFFOLK, VA., June 7, 1863.

GENERAL: Pursuant to orders, I left camp on Friday, the 5th instant, at 1 p. m., in command of five companies of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry and a section of mountain howitzers, for the purpose of making a reconnaissance through Gates County, North Carolina. I proceeded through Somerton and Buckland to a point 1 mile beyond the latter place, where I encamped about 10 o'clock at night. Early in the morning, moving rapidly into Gatesville, I surprised and captured Major [William J.] Hill, Fifth North Carolina In-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

