
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, June 16, 1863. Respectfully forwarded. In consideration of his brilliant services, I hope the President will promote Major Mosby. J. E. B. STUART, Major-General.

JUNE 11, 1863. - Skirmish near Suffolk, Va.

Report of Major Franklin A. Stratton, Eleventh pennsylvania Cavalry.

CAMP SUFFOLK, VA., June 11, 1863.

MAJOR: I have honor to transmit herewith a copy of the report of Lieutenant Blake, * of this regiment, in regard to his operations against the small detachments of infantry which the enemy has been sending out lately for the purpose of attacking our pickets and small parties. He intercepted what was probably the only party the enemy had out during his scout. The rebels were about 15 in number, 2 of whom were killed, and nearly all the rest were probably wounded, but the thick undergrowth and heavy foliage enabled them to escape. Two rifled muskets were captured, together with a saber and belt, evidently the property of an officer, who must have been wounded, as the scabbard showed bullet marks, and the belt had been unclasped and taken off. The enemy were evidently expert woodsmen and disciplined soldiers, as, although surprised by our party, each man immediately took to his tree, without confusion among them, and prepared for a fight in backwoods style. But their plans were completely foiled by the prompt action of Lieutenant Blake, who, as previously instructed by me, instantly charged with his men, revolver in hand, at close quarters, and, before the enemy could reload, forced them to fly, with a loss of 1 killed and several wounded. Sergeant [Henry] Jenkins and party met them immediately, and completed their discomfiture by killing 1 and wounding several more. Altogether, it was quite a brilliant little affair, and does great credit to Lieutenant Blake and his men. An accidental shot, which prematurely alarmed the rebels, probably prevented the complete destruction of their party, as I had given directions to give no quarter in action. Lieutenant Blake, who has had considerable similar experience on our north western frontier, has managed the whole expedition admirably. He is a very intelligent and promising officer, and no better one could be found for such an expedition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,FRANKLIN A. STRATTON,

Major Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, Comdg. Regiment.

Major B. B. FOSTER.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

