
JUNE 12-18, 1863. -Expedition from Suffolk to the Blackwater, Va. REPORTS. *

Numbers 1. Colonel William McEvily, One hundred and fifty-fifth New York Infantry, commanding expedition.

Numbers 2. - Major General Daniel H. Hill, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel William McEvily, One hundred and fifty-fifth New York Infantry, commanding expedition.

SUFFOLK, VA., June 24, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with orders received, I here forward, for the information of the colonel commanding brigade, a detailed account of the part taken by the One hundred and fifty-fifth Regiment, under my command, in the late expedition. The regiment left camp on the morning of the 12th, reported according to order on the South Quay road at 12 o'clock m., proceeded with the expedition toward Old South Quay, and encamped for the night 2 miles beyond Holland's Corners, making a distance of 16 miles. On the 13th, the regiment marched within a mile and a half of Old South Quay, formed line of battle, sent out picket skirmishers, and were held there in reserve until 10 o'clock a. m. ; and from there we marched to Carrsville, where we encamped for the night. Marched 15 miles that day. On the 14 th, marched to franklin; formed line of battle on the right of the road at 11 a. m., to support the artillery. About 2 p. m. we marched to Andrew's Corners, where we arrived at 8 p. m., and encamped for the night, having marched about 20 miles. June 15, we marched to Blackwater Bridge, formed line of battle in the woods, and left there about 1 p. m. ; marched black to Andrew's Corners, rested the regiment for supper, left there about 9 p. m., and arrived at Carrsville about midnight. Marched 17 miles. June 16, the regiment left Carrsville about 10 a. m., marched toward Franklin, and halted at the Four Corners, within 4 miles of Franklin, where the regiment was detached as part of the brigade, in reserve, under my command. We remained there all night, and threw out pickets. June 17, remained in the same position until 6 p. m., when we fell back half a mile, and bivouacked for the night at - house. June 18, marched at 5 a. m., and arrived at Carrsville at 7 a. m. ; rested half an hour, and marched toward Suffolk; rested for dinner near Deserted House at 11 a. m. Left there at 1 p. m., and arrived in camp near Suffolk about 7 p. m., having marched about 22 miles. During this period the regiment unfortunately had no opportunity to distinguish itself, although both officers and men showed by their cheerful discharge of every duty their willingness and anxiety to render every possible aid toward the discomfiture of the enemy.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. McEVILY,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. T. CONNOLLY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* See Dix to Hooker, June 12, And Halleck to Dix, July 14, in Correspondence, etc., Part III.

---------------

