
At 2 a. m., June 14, the regiment, by order, marched to the fort, and took position in the rifle-pit. At 9 a. m. the regiment marched into Winchester, and commenced a brisk skirmish with the rebels in Market, Main, and Braddock streets. The regiment succeeded in driving the rebels from the streets, and kept up a brisk skirmish with the rebels around the south side of the town until 3 p. m., when the regiment was relieved by the Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers. The regiment to the fort. At 5 p. m. order, the regiment marched toward the star fort to take position, but while on the march was again ordered to the support of Battery L, in position on the outer fort. Before the regiment could reach the battery, the rebels charged upon the battery, and drove out the infantry support and captured the battery . The Eighty-seventh was then ordered back to the fort, where it was placed in position in the rifle-pits surrounding the main fort. At 2 a. m., June 15, the regiment was ordered to march in retreat toward Martinsburg with the division . When about 4 miles from Winchester, on the Martinsburg road, the head of the column was attacked by rebel skirmishers. The Eighty-seventh was formed into line of battle, and ordered to charge upon the enemy. They moved forward at double-quick to a woods on the east side of the road, where they found the rebels in force. The regiment opened fire upon the rebels, when a terrible fire was kept up by the rebels with infantry and artillery upon our ranks. After firing several volleys, the Eighty-seventh fell back and formed lines again, and advanced into the woods and poured several more volleys into the rebel ranks. After firing several volleys, the Eighty-seventh fell back and formed line a third time, and moved forward into the woods. In this charge Colonel Schall, commanding the Eighty-seventh, had his horse shot under him by rebel fire. The regiment, after firing several volleys, a portion of it fell back, and continued their retreat until they arrived at Hacock, Md., June 16, at 2 p. m. Part of the regiment, under Colonel Schall, retreated to Harper's Ferry. During the flight of the 13th and 14th, the regiment lost 1 man killed and 18 wounded. In the flight on the morning of the 15th, I am unable to give any account of the losses, in consequence of the regiment being broken up into several detachments, and so far distant as not to have an official report from either detachment. Hoping this will prove satisfactory, correct, and true,

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Noah G. Ruhl,

Comdg. Detachment Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry.

Major John O. Cravens, Assistant Adjutant -General.

No. 397.

Report of Colonel John B. Klunk, Twelfth West Virginia Infantry, of operations June 12-15.

Bloody Run, Pa., June 28, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to reports as follows the part taken by my regiment in the late engagement:

