
Numbers 2. Report of Major General Daniel H. Hill, C. S. Army.

PETERSBURG, VA., June 18, 1863.

GENERAL: The Yankees, with ten regiments of infantry, two of cavalry, and sixteen pieces, have been feebly attempting to cross the Blackwater for the last five days. They have been repulsed at all points with ease by the forces of General [M.] Jenkins, Colonel [John A.] Baker, and Colonel [Alfred] Coppens.

Respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

General S. COOPER.

JUNE 17-18, 1863. - Scout from Rocky Run to Dover and Core Creek, N. C.

Report of Major Ferris Jacobs, jr., Third New York Cavalry.

ROCKY RUN, June 19, 1863.

COLONEL: Pursuant to your orders, I proceeded with 130 men and one piece of Allis' battery to Core Creek Bridge, on the Dover road, arriving there at 2. 30 a. m. of the 18th instant. Contrary to my previous experience, the bridge was in good condition. Apprehending an attack in rear, or an ambuscade in front, I sent Lieutenant Emmerson and his command of 20 men to make a dash 2 miles toward Sandy Ridge. This being done, and no enemy found, I advanced the whole command (with the exception of the 50 infantry from the One hundred and thirty-second New York, who were left to guard the bridge) to the first earthwork of the enemy at Sandy Ridge, and sent Lieutenant Jeffries with a platoon beyond Sandy Ridge and the second earthwork, to a point in sight of the outpost picket station, usually thrown out from Gum Swamp intrenchment. There being no signs of an enemy in that entire region, I returned to Core Creek, where the command rested for several hours, after which I returned to camp. I should have mentioned, however, that Lieutenant Kromer was sent to capture several spies and guerrillas, supposed to infest the region immediately above Core Creek, and between the Dover and Neuse roads. As he dashed up to a house where two of them were, pursued and fired upon, they managed to make their escape. Having now a better knowledge of the ground than before, I think I shall be able to take them in a few days. I am of the opinion that the enemy have no considerable, if any, force at Gum Swamp intrenchment.

I remain, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. JACOBS, JR.,

Major, Commanding Detachment.

Colonel P. J. CLAASSEN.

