
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS OUTPOSTS,Camp Hoffman, 132nd New York Infantry, June 19, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to department headquarters. These spies will in a short time be trapped, for which purpose I shall want that Irishman, Donnelly, who knows of their hiding places, &amp;c.

P. J. CLAASSEN,

Colonel, Commanding Outposts.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, June 22, 1863.

The provost-marshal will send the man Donnelly, above referred to, to Colonel Claassen.

By command of Major General J. G. Foster:

H. T. SCHROEDER,Lieutenant, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 18, 1863. - Scout on the Peninsula, Va.

Report of Lieutenant F. Charles Hume, Thirty-second Battalion Virginia Cavalry.

JUNE 23, 1863.

CAPTAIN: The following is a report of a scout made by Lieutenant F. Charles Hume, adjutant Thirty-second Battalion Virginia Cavalry: I have the honor to submit the following report of my operations since leaving Forge Bridge, 18th instant: Hearing that a large scout from the Holcombe Legion was on the Telegraph road, I proceeded down the Diascund road to Diascund Bridge, when for the first time on that road I discovered the enemy. His outpost was at the Campbellite Church, near the bridge, and his forces all on the Williamsburg side of the Diascund. Owing to the exposed nature of the ground, I was unable to effect anything here, so I directed myself toward the Telegraph road. Hearing that a company of infantry was picketing at Roper's Church, I started with my men (18) around Taylor's fence, to surprise and attack the post, but my object was defeated by the enemy's cavalry pickets observing and firing on me. I next heard that the enemy was picketing with cavalry at Cat Tails, near the York River. After arriving at this point, I divided my little force, sent Corporal Tradewell, of Holcombe Legion, who joined me with 2 men at Barhamsville, with 5 men to occupy the Barhamsville road, and cut off the picket retreat in that direction; left Corporal Wooten with 4 men on same road, next to York River, and, with 4 men, I took position on Mill road. Corporal Tradewell, in advancing up the Barhamsville road to meet Wooten and myself at Cat Tails, saw the relief picket coming from Barhamsville just behind him, and was compelled to double-quick to Cat Tails, and fire on the picket before the appointed time. The result of his fire was 1 killed, 1 mortally wounded, and 1 prisoner. Tradewell then fell back to our original point of separation, having done his duty well, and sent those who escaped howling back to Barhamsville. By this time, at a double-quick, Corporal Wooten, myself with one squad, reached the post, and met the relief picket re-enforced and returning. They discovered us at about 60 yards' distance, and I ordered a surrender. They replied by a shot, and I commanded the men to fire on them. Shot-guns proved insufficient, as far as I could judge, but I am well convinced that none of the 4 escaped unhurt. If it had not been for the above-mentioned circumstance (the relief picket compelling Tradewell to mar my first plan), none could have possibly escaped. I send the prisoners per pickets.

