
From all I can ascertain by observation and reliable information, the enemy is posted as follows: Two regiments of infantry in woods just beyond Barhamsville; Companies A and B, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, encamped at same place, and picketing around Barhamsville; two regiments of infantry and one company of cavalry and three pieces of artillery at Diascund. Captain - Faith is commanding all the cavalry. Nine companies cavalry are encamped at Hickory Neck Academy; one company infantry stationed at Tebernacle Church; one at Saunders' school-house, on York Railroad, between Tabernacle and Drake's. The enemy evidently designed their occupation of the country to be temporary. They have no tents or any camp conveniences. Their camp is still at Fort Magruder.

******

Very respectfully,

W. P. SHINGLER,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

Captain GEORGE D. WISE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 18-19, 1863. - Scout from Camp Piatt, on the Big and Little Coal Rivers, W. Va.

Report of Col William H. Powell, Second West Virginia Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND VIRGINIA VOLUNTEER CAVALRY, Camp Piatt, June 19, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to your order of the 18th, I left Camp Piatt with the remaining portion of my command, numbering 103, including officers, at 2 p. m. of said date; crossed over to Big Coal River; up said river to Thompson's Ford, finding the balance of my command, including the two companies sent out on the 17th and the one on the morning of the 18th, which had been up to Pack's farm and returned to Thompson's Ford, having found no enemy at that point. I crossed Big Coal River; proceeded up Laurel Creek to Pond Fork of Little Coal River, on which creek the rebel cavalry had camped on the night of the 17th, having left Pack's farm on Big Coal River on the morning of the 17th. I reached a point within 1 1\2 miles of where the rebel cavalry had camped, at 1 a. m. 19th, by candle-light (in consequence of the extreme darkness of the night), in order that I might attack the enemy at daylight. I learned, however, at the point where I halted, that the enemy had disappeared from their camp on Pond Fork at 10 a. m. of the 18th, and had gone in the direction of Raleigh Court-House. I scouted, however, 10 miles up Pond Fork this morning, 7 1\2 miles beyond where they had been in camp. At 7 a. m., 19th, I started en route for camp; arrived at Thompson's Ford at 12 m., where I learned that 100 rebel cavalry had been at 4 a. m., who, upon hearing of my force being up on Pond Fork of Little Coal River, retreated in great haste up Big Coal River, in the direction of Wyoming Court-House. I am inclined to the opinion, from all I could learn, that there is no other force between Wyoming Court-House and this point other than the force referred to in this report, and presume they are beyond that point ere this. Rebel reports on Pond Fork say nine regiments between Newbern

