
Station and Raleigh Court-House. An attack to be made on Fayette soon. I arrived at Cammp Piatt with my command at 6 p. m. Trusting all will prove satisfactory,

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

W. H. POWELL,

Colonel, Commanding Second Virginia Cavalry.

Captain J. L. BOTSFORS, A. A. G., Charleston, W. Va.

JUNE 23-28, 1863. - Expedition from Yorktown to the South Anna Bridge, Va., and skirmish.

REPORTS. *

Numbers 1. - Major General John A. Dix, U. S. Army, commanding Department of Virginia.

Numbers 2. - Colonel Samuel P. Spear, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding expedition.

Numbers 3. - Colonel T. C. Singeltary, Forty-fourth North Carolina Infantry.

Numbers 4. - Colonel D. J. Godwin, commanding cavalry.

Numbers 5. - Colonel William P. Shingler, Holcombe Legion.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General John A. Dix, U. S. Army, commanding Department of Virginia. YORKTOWN, VA., June 25, 1863-4 p. m.

SIR: For want of transportation, I could not land at White House, as I hoped, last evening or this morning. I sent up a cavalry force, which probably landed and moved on immediately. I am waiting for the return transports, to send the infantry. Keyes' column will reach White House by land to-morrow, with Getty's artillery, and I expect to be there with my whole force to-morrow night. I shall occupy West Point to-day, and hold it with a small force. My advice are that Pickett's division, 8, 000 strong, is at the Junction, between the North and South Anna. I fear the bridges over the latter are strongly guarded, and that my cavalry cannot get at them. They have some howitzers, and will do all that is practicable. The force in Richmond is small, but if Pickett gets down, they can collect enough from the Blackwater, Petersburg, and other points, including laborers and mechanics in their large workshops, who have all been organized, to make their whole force nearly, if not quite, equal to mine. I shall make a rapid movement. I have not men enough for a siege, and take no heavy artillery.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

Major Ge. H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief.

P. S. - Dispatch just received from White House. Cavalry landed. The enemy, with two companies of cavalry and small infantry force, burned a store-house, and fled. They were surprised.

---------------

*For report of Captain Pierce Crosby, U. S. Navy, see Annual

Report of the Secretary of the Navy, of December 7, 1863.

---------------

