
The bridge of the Virginia Central Railroad over the south Anna wa entirely destroyed. I am satisfied that Colonel Spear has accomplished all that could be done. He is one of the best cavalry officers in the service. I commend him, as I have on former occasions, to the consideration of the Government.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS,A, Numbers 1.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, On Transport C. W. Thomas, June 23, 1863.

You will proceed with all your cavalry force from Yorktown, disembarking at the White House; thence proceeding, on the south or Richmond side of the Pamunkey River, to the railroads running from Richmond north to Fredericksburg. Destroy or burn the railroad bridges over the North Anna and South Anna Rivers, tearing up the track of the railroad. In destroying the track, you need not wait to twist the rails, but will throw them in the river, of possible. This done, make your way back by the same route, or on the south side of the river, to White House. If you find the enemy in force, and are obliged to retreat, then return, if possible, by the same route to the White House. If forced to return on the north side of the Pamunkey, do so to West Point, where gunboats or a force will be found to protect you. In case, whilst going up to the White House, and the transports cannot reach there by reason of enemy's batteries on the banks, then go back to West Point, and land there, and make the same attempt against the bridges by the roads on the north side of the Pamunkey. No pillaging or destruction of private property is to be allowed. After disembarking, send the transports back to Yorktown immediately. Always keep these headquarters advised of your movements. If you find a force at the South Anna bridges sufficient to prevent their destruction, then tear up the track, and endeavor to twist the rails, to prevent their being used again.

By command of Major-General Dix:

D. T. VAN BUREN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

Colonel S. P. SPEAR, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Samuel P. Spear, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry;, commanding expedition.

WHITE HOUSE, VA., June 28, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 1, headquarters Department of Virginia, Seventh Army ; Corps, June 23, 1863, I have the

