
honor to render the following report of a reconnaissance, &amp;c., made under my command with the following force, viz: Eleven companies Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, 800 men; detachment of Illinois and Massachusetts cavalry (Lieutenant-Colonel Davis), 250 min; total, 1, 050 men. With the above force, I proceeded direct from the White House to Tunstall's Station, where I found a picked of 12 men (cavalry), captured 1, cut the telegraph wires, burned the sutler's store and other Confederate buildings; continued on south side of the Pamunkey to Hanover Court-House, at which point I found a large quartermaster's depot; captured a train of 35 wagons, 6 mules to each captured about 100 good mules belonging to the Confederate States. I burned about 35 wagons, 300 sets of harness, complete; stables, blacksmith's and wheelwright's shops, office, books, and papers, and everything pertaining to the depot at this point. I used every means to open a large (Confederate States) safe, but failed (too strong). This done, I proceeded to the South Anna crossing of the Central Railroad, where I found a force of 125 men, under command of Lieutenant Colonel T. L. Hargrove, of the Forty-fourth North Carolina Infantry. I at once commenced the attack. He held the bridge manfully for over an hour, when, by stratagem, he found me in his rear, and his entire force captured. Nine were killed, and many so badly wounded I paroled them on the spot, by advice of my surgeon. I completely destroyed the bridge, and burned it till it fell into the river. It was fired above and below, and nothing is left. Lieutenant-Colonel Hargrove had sent to Hanover Junction for re-enforcements, and when they arrived, too late to support this attack, they at once want to the other crossing, Richmond and Fredericksburg Railroad, which rendered it impossible, with the loss of ammunition, and my fatigued command, to attempt to carry this brigade with prudence or safety. Information (reliable as any in the country) told me a strong force of infantry and artillery would oppose me there, arriving on Colonel Hargrove's requisition. This done, I counter marched, and found on arriving at Hanover Ferry (now a bridge) that General Wise would intercept me if I returned the same route, on the south side of the river. I crossed, took up the planks, and returned, via Newcastle, King William Court-House, &c., to White House, north side, where I reported in person to the major-general commanding. I have the honor to report the capture of Brigadier General William H. F. Lee; Lieutenant Colonel T. L. Hargove, Forty-fourth North Carolina Infantry; Acting Master Lewis Hudgins, Confederate Navy; Captain R. L. Rice, Company A, Forty-fourth North Carolina; Captain Workman, G. S. Coble, F. N. Dick, G. R. [?] Rice, and Anable [?], Forty-fourth North Carolina Infantry, and 94 enlisted men; 35 wagons, complete; 500 mules (about); 200 horsed (about); ; small wagons, carts, harness, &c., and a large quantity of grain, hay, &c., burned. My warmest thanks are due to Lieutenant-Colonel [Hasbrouck] Davis, his officers and men, for his hearty co-operation; and to the

