
officers and men of my regiment I can only say they performed their duty in their usual manner, with promptness and good faith. With a day or two of rest, I shall be ready with men and animals for duty. I am, sir, with high respect, your obedient servant,

S. P. SPEAR,

Colonel Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, Commanding.

Colonel D. T. VAN BUREN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Seventh Army Corps.

P. S. - En route I met and captured a Government agent of the Confederate States, and took from him about $15, 000, Confederate bonds. He was making payment for purchased stores.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel T. C. Singletary, Forty-fourth North Carolina Infantry.

JUNE 27, 1863.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders from Brigadier-General Corse, I relieved his brigade with my regiment on the 25th at the various bridges and fords (seventeen in number), from Milford to South Anna River. On the 26th, the enemy attacked the Central Railroad bridge over South Anna River, which was defended by Lieutenant-Colonel Hargrove with 50 men of Company A, of my regiment. Forty men from Company G were dispatched to their assistance from bridges near Taylorsville, and have not been heard from since; all captured, without doubt. The enemy forded the river below the bridge, and attacking Lieutenant-Colonel Hargrove from all sides, captured him and the 50 men of Company A, killing 7, and wounding 13 of them. Six commissioned officers were taken, including Colonel Hargrove, reported wounded. The fight with Company A must have been severe and close, as the men killed and wounded are cut with sabers, and some burned with powder from pistols. The wounded were paroled, and left near the river. The enemy were reported in the evening by Colonel Godwin's cavalry to have attacked them at the crossing, 1 mile below Fredericksburg Bridge. Nothing further, however, was heard from them, and Colonel [E. D.] Hall's regiment came up undisturbed three hours later. They have retired toward Hanover Court-House. The force that attacked Colonel Hargrove was cavalry, 1, 000 strong, with two pieces of artillery. In obedience to orders from General Elzey, I have ordered my companies north of the Junction to return.

Very respectfully,

T. C. SINGELTARY,

Colonel Forty-fourth North Carolina Regiment.

[Major T. O. CHESTNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

