
with the most consummate bravery and daring, and such was the conduct, bearing, and fighting generally of the whole command, that it exported from the enemy the expression that we fought more like devils than men. Every bridge save one (seven in number) was saver intact, together with all the buildings and stores at the Junction. The re-enforcements under Colonel Hall did not arrive until late in the night, and after the enemy had been defeated and driven off. My cavalry pursued him to his gunboats at the While House, on the north side of the Pamunkey. We lost 2 men and 1 horse shot (Captain Allen's). The enemy's loss was 6 killed and 13 wounded, and 1 prisoner taken by the cavalry. Two of my companies were out scouting, and not engaged in the fight.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. J. GODWIN,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry, &amp;c.

Major-General ELZEY,

Commanding Department of Richmond.

P. S. - You will excuse the hurried manner of getting up this report.

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel William P. Shingler, Holcombe Legion.

BOTTOM'S BRIDGE, June 26, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have just received the following dispatch from Sergeant Thorn, who, in command of a scout, followed the enemy, to ascertain his destination: We overtook the enemy's pickets at Nelson's Bridge, on the Pamunkey; charged on them, capturing 1, and released Lieutenant [W. P.] McKnight, of the Seventeenth Virginia Regiment, and 6 of his men, whom they had captured. From the lieutenant's account, their force was about 1, 500, and the main force had gone to Central Bridge, on the South Anna. They had taken a great many horses and mules, which they had run across the river, and we could not get at them. Our horses are broken down, and we will not send the prisoner until morning. It affords me pleasure to bring to the notice of the general the gallantry of Sergt. W. T. Thirn, of Company B, Holcombe Legion. My scouts to-day in the neighborhood of the White House could see no tents or troops, and only two steamers, which appeared to be gunboats.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. SHINGLER,

Colonel, &c. Captain

GEORGE D. WISE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 26, 1863. - Skirmish on Loup Creek, W. Va.

Report of Captain Charles E. Hambleton, Second West Virginia Cavalry.

CAMP PIATT, VA, June 28, 1863. SIR: In obedience to your order, I started with Companies B and I, numbering 75 men, June 26, at 7 p. m., crossed the river at this

