
Approved: I. B. Murdock, first lieutenant Company B, Second Virginia Cavalry; J. A. Morrison, second lieutenant Company B, Second Virginia Cavalry; W. V. Johnson, first lieutenant Company I, Second Virginia Cavalry; J. B. Carlisle, second lieutenant Company

I, Second Virginia Cavalry.

JUNE 26-27, 1863. - Descent on Portland Harbor, Me.

REPORTS. *

Numbers 1. - Major George L. Andrews, Seventeenth U. S. Infantry.

Numbers 2. - Captain Nathaniel Prime, Seventeenth U. S. Infantry.

Numbers 3. - Lieutenant Edward Collins, Seventeenth U. S. Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Major George L. Andrews, Seventeenth U. S. Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Preble, Me., June 29, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that, about 8 a. m., on the 27th instant, I received notice that the revenue cutter Caleb Cushing had been captured during the night previous, and that the steamer Forest City would report to me for men and armament. I therefore ordered Captain Nathaniel Prime, Seventeenth Infantry, with his men and First Lieutenant Edward Collins, Seventeenth Infantry, with a detachment of the "Permanent Party, " together with one 6-pounder field piece and one 12-pounder howitzer, to be placed on board the steamer. I also furnished 40 muskets to the citizens who were on board. For the particulars of the expedition, I beg leave to refer you to the accompanying reports of Captain Prime and Lieutenant Collins. I would also state that First Lieutenant F. E. Crosman, who is attached to Captain Prime's company, was fortunately here, and I have suspended his orders to go to Augusta, Me., on mustering and disbursing duty, for the present. The prisoners were searched upon their arrival here, and I have in my possession the appointment of C. W. Reed as second lieutenant in the Confederate Navy; also the appointment of E. H. Brown as acting third assistant engineer in the same service. These papers, the parties design to have returned to them. I have also the private notebook of Lieutenant Reed, containing a very interesting journal of his movements during the past six months; also bonds given by several vessels, viz: June 7, 1863, P. Dillen &amp; Co., Brenham. Washington Co., Texas, $ 5, 500; June 12, 1863, schooner Kate Steward, $ 7, 000; June 12, 1863, brig Arabella, $40, 000; June 20, 1863, ship Isaac Webb, $40, 000; amounting to $92, 500, and all payable thirty days after" the ratification of a treaty of peace between the United States and the Confederate States of America; " also a few other papers of little value, all of which I hold subject to your instructions. The schooner Archer and all that was on board of her, together with the log-books, are now in the custody of the collector of the port,
---------------

*See Correspondence, etc., Part III, as follows: June 27, Andrews to Stanton; Stanton to Andrews; Stanton to Coburn; Jewett to Chase.

---------------

51 R R - VOL XXVII, PT II

