
where I have let them remain, thinking it best at this time to do so, rather than to increase the excitement which now exists in Portland. You can form but a giant idea of the excitement now existing among the citizens of Portland and vicinity. Rumor follows rumor in rapid succession; and just before daylight this morning, some one from the vicinity of the post went to the city with a fresh rumor, which set the whole city in a ferment. The bells were rung, and men, women, and children soon filled the streets, and were rushing hither and thither in aimless fright. I would respectfully suggest that the prisoners be sent from here as quietly and expeditiously as possible, as I do not think it safe for them to be placed in the custody of the citizens; and while the present excitement continues, I feel obliged to mount so large a guard that one-half my fore are on duty every night. This, with the daily duty of the garrison, and the labor of mounting and dismounting guns, will soon exhaust the men.

Respectfully submitted.

GEORGE L. ANDREWS,

Major Seventeenth Infantry, Commanding Post.

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

A. A. G., Dept. of the East, New York City.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain Nathaniel Prime, Seventeenth U. S. Infantry.

FORT PREBLE, ME., June 27, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part I took in the capture of the crew of the bark Taconey. Agreeably to your orders, I left Fort Preble in the steamed Forest City about 10 o'clock this morning, accompanied by Lieutenant E. Collins and Lieutenant F. E. Crosman, with 28 men, armed and equipped as infantry, and 10 men for the service of two field pieces which we took with us. Shortly after passing the light-house, the revenue cutter Caleb Cushing was discovered about 15 miles to leeward. We immediately headed for her. When within about 2 miles, she opened fire upon us from a 32-pounder, most of the shots falling short; none hitting us. I regret to say I was not in the position to take the stand my inclination dictated; the steamer was filled with citizens, without any knowledge of the responsibilities of the situation, and who apparently had left the harbor for a pleasure trip. The accumulated advice and disjointed comments of these bewildered the captain, who stopped his boat, and waited the arrival of the propeller Chesapeake, some 2 miles astern of us, although the boats were fast leaving the cutter at the time. The propeller finally took the lead, and shortly afterward the cutter was in flames. There being no further danger excepting from small-arms, we headed for the boats, and succeeded in capturing the captain, second officer, and entire crew. Annexed I hand you a list of their names. From a man picked up in one of the small boats which left the cutter, we learned that the schooner Archer, lately a prize to the Taconey, was but a short distance to the eastward. We immediately started in pursuit, and she was brought to by a gun from the

