
battery. We took from her 3 of the crew of the Taconey, and a fisherman lately captured. The Archer, I understand, was armed and equipped from the Taconey, but of that I can not speak positively, as she was taken in charge by the deputy collector of the port and taken to Portland. With reference to the men under my charge, I must say that, although not exposed to any very imminent danger, as soon as fire was opened upon us, they manifested coolness and determination, and I have no doubt, had they been called upon to take a more active part, would have confirmed the favorable impression they made upon me. For the conduct of those serving with the pieces, I beg to refer you to the inclosed report of Lieutenant Collins, who was placed immediately in charge.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. PRIME,

Captain Seventeenth Infantry, U. S. Army, Comdg. Detachment.

Major GEORGE L. ANDREWS,

Seventeenth Infantry, U. S. Army, Commanding Post.

List of the prisoners. - C. W. Reed, captain; E. H. Brown, second officer; J. E. Dillips, master's mate; and 20 seamen. Albert J. Bibber and Eldridge Titcomb, fishermen on board the cutter and Archer, prisoners to the crew.

Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant Edward Collins, Seventeenth U. S. Infantry.

FORT PREBLE, ME., June 28, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in pursuance to orders, I took a detachment of 2 non-commissioned officers and 8 men of the "Permanent Party" of the Seventeenth Infantry at this post, with one 6-pounder field piece and one 12-pounder howitzer, with a good supply of shot and shell, and went on board the steamer Forest City, in pursuit of the revenue cutter Caleb Cushing, at about 10 a. m. yesterday, the cutter having been seized the night before by the crew of the Taconey. We came within range of her 32-pounder about 15 miles outside of the light-house, when she opened upon us with solid shot, several coming very near, but none hitting us. The master of our boat was unwilling to risk her any nearer; we could not control her movements, and had to wait for another steamer, the Chesapeake, when we started to run her down. Seeing this movement, the rebels set fire to the cutter, and took to their boats. I did not return the fire of the cutter, as my pieces were too light at that distance, and I did not wish to show their small size, preferring to fire on her decks at the moment of boarding, nor did I fire on the boats, as it was impossible to distinguish the rebels from the prisoners in their hands. They were accordingly all received as prisoners. We then stood for a small fishing schooner, which proved to be the Archer, of Southport. I fired a shot across her bows, and pointed another directly at her, when she luffed up and surrendered.

