
son, which recently threatened this post, attempted to make a stand yesterday at Huttonsville. I advanced upon them with the Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Third and Eighth Virginia, Ewing's battery, and a detachment of 150 infantry, and drove them from their position and across the Elk Water, the enemy showing very little disposition to fight. I will send in a complete report as soon as the reports of subordinate officers are received. Had Colonel Harris furnished me with timely warning of the approach of the enemy, I should have killed, captured, or dispersed his entire command. As it is, he has received but a slight lesson. I shall replace Colonel Harris with the Twenty-eighth [Ohio] and Fourteenth [Pennsylvania Cavalry], post the Tenth [West Virginia] at Phillipi, the Second, Third, and Eighth [West Virginia] at Buckhannon, and assemble the independent companies of cavalry at Weston, under Major Gibson, of the Fourteenth, where they may picket the Bulltown and Sutton road, and learn a little discipline.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General. Brigadier General

B. F. KELLEY, Clarksburg.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel William L. Jackson, Nineteenth Virginia Cavalry, commanding expedition.

HEADQUARTERS, Near Huntersville, July 11, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit herewith the proceedings in the expedition to Beverly. On Monday, the 29th ultimo, the force under my command moved as follows: Detachment of cavalry, under command of Captain John S. Spriggs, moved from Clover Lick to Big Springs; detachment of from a point near Green Bank to Clover Lick. The infantry at this camp, accompanied by a section of artillery commanded by Lieutenant F. G. Thrasher, of Chapman's battery, moved to within 5 miles of Big Springs. Captain John Righter, with his company of cavalry and parts of [S. H.] Campbell's, [W. W.] Arnett's, and [Dudley] Evans' companies, moved on the Staunton and Parkersburg turnpike, through what is known as the Cheat Pass. Lieutenant Colonel A. C. Dunn, with a detachment of his battalion and Captain E. M. Corder's company, accompanied by several excellent guides, on the same day moved from Hightown to a short distance beyond Slaven's cabin, when he took a route to the right, leading to the rear of Beverly, on the Phillipi road. On Tuesday evening, 30th ultimo, the infantry, artillery, and the detachments of cavalry under Captains Marshall and Spriggs encamped a few miles beyond Valley Mountain. On Wednesday evening, the 1st instant, Major J. B. Lady was ordered with two companies, which he has raised under authority of the Secretary of War, and parts of three other companies of my command, to proceed to the rear of Beverly, on the road leading to Buckhannon. He turned to the left about 2 1\2 miles beyond the Crouch fortifications, and by blind paths through the woods succeeded, by his own indomitable energy, the assistance of his guides, and the patient perseverance of his men, in reaching the position. He was

