
ordered to close upon the enemy whenever he heard my artillery. How he performed his duty will be seen by his report, herewith submitted. I am of the opinion that, unaided as he was by the attack, hereafter mentioned, to have been made by Lieutenant Colonel A. C. Dunn, he (Major Lady) accomplished all that he could under the circumstances. I omitted to mention (and am compelled to interline) that I sent, to support Major Lady in his rear, Sergeant Rader, with 20 mounted men, to Middle Fork Creek Bridge, 18 miles in his rear. They performed their duty faithfully. On Thursday morning, at daybreak, I reached Huttonsville, and found that Captain Righter, who had written instructions as to the position of the pickets of the enemy to within 5 miles of Beverly, and orders to capture them, permitting none to escape, was engaged in executing his orders. He had surrounded the pickets at each post, and captured all, 14 in number. Ascertaining the time when the relief pickets would arrive, and that I had time to spare under the arrangement with Major Lady and Lieutenant-Colonel Dunn, I sent forward Captain Marshall with a portion of his company, and he, in connection with Captain Righter, so posted the men as to surround a certain position when the relief came. The relief arrived on time, 14 in number, and they were all captured. The road was now clear to within a mile and a half of Beverly, and the surprise would have been complete had it not been for a woman, who in some way discovered our approach, and who met a party of about 25 of the enemy, including the colonel commanding at Beverly, taking a morning ride, unconscious of our proximity. Within 8 miles of the place I moved about 200 men, including the company of Captain George Downs, commanded by Lieutenant William Harris; Captain J. W. Ball's company, commanded by Lieutenant C. W. Minter (Captains Downs and Ball being absent, sick); parts of Young's and Lewis' companies, under Lieutenant R. D. Lurty; Captain S. H. Campbell's company; some recruits, not organized, under Sergt. E. Tibbs, and some mounted men, under Captain John M. Burns, all under the command of Major D. B. Stewart, across the Valley River, on the back road, so as to get on the right flank of the enemy, and to be in position to co-operate with or support Lieutenant-Colonel Dunn, if he advanced. Major Steward performed the duty assigned him entirely to my satisfaction, and gives in his report an account of his operations, a copy of which is herewith inclosed. I then moved to the front of Beverly, throwing forward the detachment under Captain Spriggs to the burnt bridge, which was the center of my operations in front, Major Stewart being on the right, and the detachment under Captain Marshall to the left, on the back road leading to the Buckhannon road. A considerable force of the enemy advanced on this road, but were promptly driven back by Captain Marshall, assisted by a flank movement of Captain Spriggs. Such was the disposition of my force, that the enemy were entirely surrounded if Lieutenant-Colonel Dunn was in position, and he had ample time and competent guides. The force of the enemy did not exceed 1, 000, including infantry, cavalry, and artillery, of which they had four pieces. My force exceeded theirs by at least 200, including that under Colonel Dunn. At 2 p. m. I ordered my artillery to open, which was the signal for the general attack to be made. From my position, having a clear

