
urging them by example and voice. The two regiments on our left not advancing, but retiring, our men stopped behind the stone wall, and our skirmishers came back to the same shelter. The Ohioans still retiring toward the fort, and our regiment being unable to rise from behind the wall without encountering a heavy fire from a stone wall parallel and 150 yards distant, left the wall as best and quickly as we could, without regard to the order of our going, and with some loss, but immediately reformed . On filing out into the Romney road, the enemy opened a battery from the summit we had just left, and the fierce cannonade of Sunday evening began and continued till dark. Our loss during Sunday is not know, though all were brought off the field, dead and wounded . Many of our men being on detached service and picket, and not being relieved in time to join their own regiment, joined in the fight with others regiments . They receive this credit by testimony of officers of those regiments. Being the last off the field, we marched from the Romney road to the main fort, and were assigned a rifle-pit on its right front. At dark the rebel artillery ceased firing. At 1 a. m. Monday the retreat began, the Twelfth being near the rear of the column, some 4 miles from Winchester, on the Martinsburg road. The flight of Monday began before daybreak. Upon arriving at the place of action, I halted, and brought my regiment to a front, awaiting orders. Soon the mounted men on the team horses and some of the cavalry stampeded through our line, and threw it into confusion for a little time . Many of my men were dashed against the fences, and some guns mashed up by the terrified horses. Order being restored, an aide-de-camp rode up and ordered us to file left, proceed by the One hundred and sixteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. Following that regiment, and receiving no more orders, I went on till the firing ceased. Finding our forces scattered, and left to our own resources by the defeat, I retreated through the mountains on the left, through Hancock, to our present location, repulsing a variously estimated force of rebel cavalry soon after the close of Monday's flight on the Martinsburg road. Of the conduct of the men during the retreat too much cannot be said in commendation . During the three days' flight they had only a few crackers issued, and along the mountains but little could be obtained for so many. They averaged 30 miles per day and night for five days thus, and still in the main were easily controlled, and discipline never failed.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

John B. Klunk,

Colonel Twelfth West Virginia Volunteer Infantry.

Major John O. Cravens, A. A. G., Second Division, Eight Army Corps.

No. 398

Report of Major Alonzo W. Adams, First New York Cavalry, Third Brigade, of operations June 12-15 .

Bloody Run, PA., June 26, 1863.

Major: In obedience to special orders from headquarters, of this date, I have the honor to report in detail the operations and action

6 R R- VOL XXVII, PT II

