
The los of the enemy, from the best information I can obtain, is as follows: Killed, 40; wounded, 67; prisoners, 55. We also captured a number of horses and cavalry equipments and arms. These I will send you a list of, and ask what disposition shall be made of the horses, as soon as I can get the necessary reports, which, owing to the disposition of my force rendered necessary to carry out my orders, are delayed. The officers and men of my command, with but few exceptions, performed their duty faithfully and cheerfully throughout the whole expedition, notwithstanding it rained every day but one, and the mud and deep waters through which they were compelled to wade. I regret that the summits of this report will not admit of honorable mention of all who exhibited personal bravery and high soldierly qualities. I am compelled, however, to bear testimony to the distinguished conduct of Captains Spriggs, Marshall, Righter, and Elihu Hutton, and Lieutenant Thrasher, of the artillery, and Lieutenant Jacob S. Wamsley. I was much indebted throughout to Captain Marshall on account of his thorough knowledge of the country, personal bravery, and excellent judgment. Accompanying this report is a rough and somewhat imperfect plat* of the country, the various routes taken, and the prominent points, which will give a general idea of my movements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. L. JACKSON,

Colonel Nineteenth Regiment Virginia Cavalry.

Major C. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of Southwestern Virginia.

Numbers 3. Report of Major John B. Lady, C. S. Army.

CAMP NORTHWEST, July 11, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with your orders of the 28 th ultimo, at 4. 30 p. m. I proceeded to the rear of the enemy on the Buckhannon road with five companies, commanded by the following officers: Captains [D.] Evans, [W. W.] Arnett, [Joseph] Hayhurst, Duncan, and Lieutenant [William W.] Boggs, making a total rank and file 150 strong. After a forced march of 12 miles over a series of the most rugged and pathless ridges of a densely timbered mountain section of country, fording streams, &amp;c., I reached the base of Rich Mountain at 3 a. m. of the 29th ultimo. The men being exhausted and unable to advance without rest, I halted two hours. At the command "Halt, " the men dropped from their feet, and slept till 5 a. m., when, at the command "Fall in, " though weary and foot-sore, they cheerfully and promptly responded, and I proceeded as far as Armstrong's cabin, near the summit of the mountain, where I allowed the men to wash and fill their canteens. Here Mr. Armstrong proffered his services to open a road, as the brush was so thick as to

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

