
the same time posted Captain Arnett, with his company, on the adjacent height, to support Captain Evans, reserving the companies of Captains Hayhurst, Duncan, and Lieutenant Boggs under my command. We remained in this position till the morning of the 30th. At about 8 o'clock, the cavalry reported that they had not been able to open communication with Colonel Dunn. An hour after this time, and while the cavalry were grazing their horsed, the front of the enemy's re-enforcement, which I estimated at 700 strong, appeared on the Phillipi road, advancing rapidly in the direction of Beverly, and within a mile of my position. I sent a squad of cavalry to reconnoiter and ascertain more definitely their number, and report their movement. At the same time I dispatched a courier, notifying you of this re-enforcement. At about 9. 30 a. m., from the movements of the enemy's infantry, cavalry, and artillery, I was assured that they intended turning a force on me for the purpose of cutting off my retreat. One piece of their artillery being so placed as to sweep the road on my line of retreat, and deeming it inexpedient to unnecessarily expose my men, I fell back to the position first described on entering the road, so as to protect them from the range of artillery, allowing Lieutenant Clancy to remain, to notify the squad of cavalry of the cage, and ordering them through him to report to me forthwith on their in return from their reconnaissance. While in this position, your first dispatch came to me, ordering me to fall back and join you immediately, and, should the enemy attack me, to fight him and fall back, which I had already prepared to do. I had sent Lieutenant [David] Poe forward with a squad of 10 men as an advance guard, and Captain Duncan with 10 men back as a rear guard, to notify me of the enemy's approach from either direction. From this point and in this order I joined you without any interruption whatever. My thanks are due to the officers and men under my command for the patience and endurance exhibited on this fatiguing expedition, and for the prompt manner in which they responded to all calls made upon them. And I am especially indebted to Captains Evans and Arnett for their valuable assistance in selecting positions and the skillful handling of their men. Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. LADY,

Major, Commanding Detachment.

Colonel W. L. JACKSON.

Commanding.

Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant Colonel A. C. Dunn, Thirty-seventh Virginia Battalion.

CAMP TILGHMAN, Hightown, July 9, 1863.

COLONEL: your communication of the 4th instant was handed me by Major [J. R.] Claiborne on yesterday. I am now in position at Hightown, carrying out my orders from you, I having a company

