
at Monterey, which company are picketing and scouting as far as Franklin, in Pendleton County. I am diligently scouting, and I shall fight the enemy if ever they should advance. I have sent to Staunton for twenty day's rations for command. I am sorry our plans were not successful in capturing the enemy. I was in my position two hours before the time given by you, and did everything in my power to carry out your orders, and, in fact, did more than your ordered me to do. Mr. Caplinger, one of my guides, left near Beverly on Tuesday. He says the enemy were re-enforced some 2, 500 men, and of Friday morning, shortly after I fell back, they advanced and surrounded the position I held, thinking I was still there. They could not find out how I got in their rear, or how I went out. He says the re-enforcement had left for Grafton, leaving Colonel Harris' forces still in Beverly. I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

A. C. DUNN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel W. L. JACKSON.

Numbers 5. Report of Major D. B. Stewart, C. S. Army.

CAMP NORTHWEST, July 9, 1863.

SIR: I herewith transmit the following report of the part taken by me and the troops I had the honor to command during the late investment of Beverly, in Randolph County, Va.: After leaving you below Huttonsville on the morning of the 2nd instant, we moved forward, as directed, on the back road as fast as the condition of the men would permit. Received a dispatch from Captain [J. W.] Marshall, to which I replied, as I dispatched to you from Mr. Wamsley's. As I had information from the front that was entirely satisfactory, I depended entirely on my cavalry scouting the road till some 2 miles above Henry Harper's, where I detached Captain [S. H.] Campbell's company, and ordered it to deploy on my right as skirmishers. I had been informed by soldiers, who reported to me at Wamsley's that they had scouted the road from a short distance above the burnt bridge, that the enemy had no picker at Harper's house. I moved my skirmishers so as not to discover my approach to the enemy till a point opposite Ward's, from which the position of the picket could be determined. I here found them still in position at Harper's house, and accordingly detailed 25 men, and sent them forward to take possession of both roads beyond their post. With them I sent my two guides - Wamsley and Currence. Shortly after they had moved forward, a courier came from below (from Beverly, perhaps), and on his approach they withdrew at a full rum in the direction of Beverly. Seeing that all chance of their capture was now at an end, I moved my infantry forward, moving my skirmishers near the road where there were woods to conceal them, and out of sight of the road where there were none, while I made a detour to the right with the main body. Captain [J. M.] Burns I left with the cavalry at Ward's, where they were concealed form below.

