
of my command during the late defense and evacuation of Winchester, Va. On the 12 instant it was ascertained that a considerable force of the enemy was approaching Winchester from different points, but it was believed by all the officers of the division with whom I was conversant that this demonstration was a mere feint to cover an important raid into Maryland, with a view to the destruction of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad . At this time I was on detached service as a member of a military board of examination, then in session at Winchester. At my own request, I was by order of Major-General Milroy, relieved from duty with the military board, and ordered to proceed at once to Berryville, and resume command of my regiment . General Milroy at the same communicated through me an order to Colonel A. T. McReynolds, commanding Third Grigade of this division, to hold his position as long as he could, and, if compelled by a superior force, to fall back in good order by the nearest route, and join him(General Milroy) at Winchester at the earliest moment possible. General Milroy also directed me to tell Colonel Mcreynolds that he wanted the First New York Cavalry sent at once to Winchester, by way of Millwood, with directions to reconnoiter the country between these points, and bring him (General Milroy) accurate information as to the strength and probable intention and position of the enemy, at the earliest moment possible . Colonel McReynolds assigned me to the command of my regiment, and ordered me to remain at Berryville until further orders and stated that he had other orders from General Milroy, previously received through Colonel Staunton, of the Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, and that he had already issued his order of march in case of his retreat, Which would be strictly adhered to. On the following morning, 13th instant, at about 9 o; clock, the enemy was reported by our scouts advancing force from the direction of Millwood, their infantry and artillery on the main road and their cavalry by circuitous routes, evidently with intent to attack our flanks and rear. By order of Colonel McReynolds, I dispatched Company K, Captain Bailey, to reconnoiter the by-roads leading from Millwood to Winchester, and intersecting the main road from Berryville to Winchester, near the Opequon Creek, with a view to ascertaining the strength, position, and purpose of the enemy. In Executing this order Captain Bailey reached, by rapid marches through woods and fields, the turnpike in rear of the enemy and about 2 miles from Millwood. At this point he captured a private of the Sixteenth Virginia Cavalry, from whom he learned that our forces had retreated from Berryville . He returned by an indirect route, crossing the Winchester pike about 3 miles from Berryville, and rejoined the brigade on the Charlestown and Winchester road about 4 p. m., closely pursued by the enemy's cavalry, which made at this point a vigorous attack upon my rear, but they were as vigorously met and repulsed. In the order of retreat, the First New York Cavalry, together with a section of artillery commanded by Lieutenant H. E. Alexander(Baltimore battery), covered the rear of our retreating forces. With the vigorous support of Lieutenant Alexander, who served these two guns most gallantly and with terrible effect upon the advancing columns of the enemy. I succeeded in turning the advance of the enemy's forces from the direction chosen for attack, thus gaining at least one hour's time, which was very important to our forces, then falling back in good order, via Smithfield and Bunker Hill. Finding

