
ment at Tunstall's, and direct the commanding officer to picket out on the road to Baltimore Cross-Roads, and, if the enemy advances, to fall back half the way to White House, and report.

Respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, White House, Va., July 2, 1863 - 8 a. m.

Major-General KEYES, Baltimore Store.

GENERAL: By withdrawing from Baltimore Cross-Roads, the route to this place by way of Tunstall's Station is left open to the enemy. Send out a strong reconnaissance, and reoccupy it, unless the enemy is in force to prevent you. If you find it hazardous, do not relinquish Baltimore Store without fighting, as a small force might occupy the bank of the river above Cumberland, and cut off our communications.

Respectfully, yours,JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Baltimore Store, July 2, 1863 - 6. 30 a. m.

Major-General DIX,

Commanding Department of Virginia:

GENERAL: I am now here with the main body of my column, and my wagons. I will halt my advance some distance beyond here, where a road comes in from the Long Bridge, which I have learned is in good repair. I have moved back here, not from any positive fear that I should not be able to cope with the enemy, but I feared for my wagon train. I have never seen a country so intersected with roads and swamps, on which account my rear was extremely insecure. In addition to this, I have the positive testimony of Colonel Gibbs, a good soldier, that the enemy were moving artillery on my right flank last night. I shall remain here, and rest the men, who have been under arms about twenty-four hours. If you desire me then to move forward, I shall send my wagons back to the White House for more rations, giving the men, with two day"s rations, all the ammunition they can carry. It was my impression that great risks must be avoided, and it was my own opinion, as well as the opinion of the officers with whom I consulted (General Terry, Colonels West and Gibbs, and others), that we were in danger of having our trains cut off, at least, if we remained as far forward as the cross-roads near Dr. Crump's house.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General, Commanding Fourth Corps.

