HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, White House, va., July 2, 1863.

Major-General KEYES, Baltimore Store:

GENERAL: Yours of to-day (6. 30 a. m.) is received. It is of the utmost consequence that the enemy should not be allowed to advance in force this side of the Chickahominy during the next three days. From the map, I judge Baltimore Cross_Roads to be the important point to hold. I have, of course, assumed that the approach from Long Bridge will be guarded. Send back your wagon train, if it is in danger, retaining only such wagons as have extra ammunition. I can relieve you to-morrow with Gordon's division and Spinola's brigade, if your men are fatigued. I do not wish you to run any risks, but, with your cavalry, you can ascertain the position of the enemy, and be able to do what is necessary to injure him and make yourself secure. Please consult with Major [Charles S.] Stewart, who is familiar with the country.

I am, very respectfully, yours,JOHN A. DIX.

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, White House, va., July 2, 1863 - 3 p. m.

Major-General KEYES, Baltimore Store:

GENERAL: The attack which was to have been made by you on Bottom's Brigade yesterday was intended to aid the objects of the expedition up the Pamunkey, under General Getty. The delay has, I fear, deprived the movement of much of its value. Nevertheless, I desire that it be made. You will, therefore, move tomorrow morning and execute it, unless prevented by an attack in force by the enemy.

I am, very respectfully, yours,JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CORPS, July 2, 1863 - 7. 30 [p. m.]

Major-General DIX, Commanding Department:

GENERAL: Colonel West has just sent in an officer to report that the enemy has attacked him. The enemy has eight pieces of artillery and some fine riflemen. They have not advanced, and seem determined that we shall not. I have sent forward Porter's brigade and two pieces of artillery. Shall I go forward with my whole force, or shall I consider the force now out as my advance, and this the battle-ground? I do not expect to send any more to-night, as we are entirely unacquainted with the

