
WHITE HOUSE, July 3, [1863] - 6. 30 a. m.

Major-General KEYES:

GENERAL: Advance a part of your force, and ascertain where the enemy is, and what is his strength. The straight road I took in coming from your headquarters last evening is connected with Tunstall's Station and Saint Peter's Church, and should be picketed as far out toward Tunstall's as possible, so that you may counteract any attempt on the part of the enemy to get into your rear. I am told there is a road from the mill between you and the crossroads, which comes into the straight road I refer to. The Mill road comes in at your headquarters. Let me hear from you.

Yours, respectfully,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CORPS, Baltimore Store, July 3, 1863 - 8 a. m.

Major-General DIX,Commanding Department of Virginia:

GENERAL: Your note of 6. 30 p. m. is received. Early this morning I sent out parties of the cavalry in every direction. Four miles down the New Kent road, no enemy discovered. A little more than a mile and a half from the Baltimore Store, down the Long Bridge road, cavalry and infantry seen. On the road to Crump's Cross-Roads, near Quall's, their picket line is formed. Round to the right, in the neighborhood of the mill - cross-roads and straight road you refer to - which part of the country occupied some of my attention during the whole night, no enemy, excepting the 2 prisoners sent in to you last night, has been found. I sent a accompany of infantry out to the mill last night. In regard to the strength of the enemy, it is impossible to ascertain, owing to the broken country and the forests. Every available man of my command, with the exception of one very small regiment, has had his place in line of skirmishers or line of battle during the entire night, and has it now. I should like to have a couple of good, strong regiments, under an active, enterprising man, to send out on a reconnaissance, if they can prudently be spared from the White House. But by all means I should like to have the troops there picket well up toward my position and Tunstall's Station. On the straight road you refer to, I have a party patrolling between the two picket lines.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

WHITE HOUSE, July 3, 1863 - 10, 30 a. m.

Major-General KEYES:

GENERAL: My note was written at 6. 30 a. m., not p. m.

I have received yours of 8 a. m. Spinola's brigade occupies the heights within 2 miles of you. I

