
have nothing to spare here. Our picketing is very extensive and heavy, and we must guard the Cumberland road. The enemy's purpose is very clearly to worry you at night. He will, no doubt, at tack again this evening.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CORPS, Baltimore Store, July 3-10. 40 a. m.

Major-General DIX,Commanding department of Virginia:

GENERAL: The enemy's pickets and forces withdrew at an early hour this morning from the position they occupied last night. I sent out a scouting party on a road between the main road and the railroad, which comes into the former at Crump's Corners, where I was night before last. They found a picket of the enemy there. From Crump's Cross-Roads there is a road leading into the Long Bridge road, and the enemy retreated down this as well as the Long Bridge road. I have destroyed the bridge at the mill. My men are resting as much as possible, as they are much fatigued; but, should the enemy come, day or night, I am prepared to receive him. Last night there was a great deal of firing, but the shell from the enemy's pieces fell in advance of my main line, and parallel with it, and passed over the heads of the subordinate line, perpendicular to the New Kent road, by which I had intended to draw them on before discovering the position of the main line. No damage worth speaking of occurred to us, and i do not know the damage done to the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.

HDQRS. DEPT, OF VIRGINIA, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, White House, July 4, 1863.

Major-General KEYES, Baltimore Store:

GENERAL: Since my return from the front this evening, I have decided to attack was to have been made on the 1st, and I have more than once renewed the direction. If from your doubt as to the strength of the enemy, you think it unadvisable, say so frankly, and I will relieve you from the responsibility of making the movement. If, on the other hand, m you can make it with confidence, you will put you whole force in motion early to-morrow morning, so as to reach Bottom's Bridge by 9 or 10 o'clock. If you can destroy the bridge, do so. If you can, in addition, destroy the railroad bridge over the Chickahominy, I wish you to do it, or, if you cannot, then tear up some of the track to

