
vinced that beyond Baltimore Cross-Roads the enemy has a strong position, which it is necessary to turn. We are also of opinion that to make the move to Bottom's Bridge certain of success, it is necessary to add Spinola's brigade to the force now here; to move without wagons, with two days' rations, and 60 rounds of ammunition per man, and that the move cannot commence till the morning of the 6th instant.

H. D. TERRY,

Brigadier-General.

ROBT. M. WEST,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

BURR PORTER, Colonel Fortieth Massachusetts Infantry, Comdg. Brigade.

I fully concur in the above.

E. D. KEYES, Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. - It has been agreed that Spinola's brigade or another brigade of equal strength. The men here have not two days' rations on hand, and must draw more from White. House.

[Indorsement.]

Above dispatch received a few minutes before the one marked K, and same answer was sent for both, viz: JULY 5- 2. 30 a. m. Suspect the movement until further orders.

By command of Major-General DIX:

D. T. VAN BUREN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Camp near Baltimore Store, Va., July 5, 1863-5. 30 a. m.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Commanding Department:

GENERAL: If the same troops that attacked my forces on the night of the 2nd are still between this and Bottom's bridge, they might stampede a column moving forward on one road. I have a plan which would succeed against those troops, whose attack on me was the most persistent and long continued of any night attack I have witnessed during this war. Being now well acquainted with the difficulties of the country and the qualities of the enemy (if the same be now in front of me), I deem it my duty to say I think we ought to move in two columns, and by having the assistance of another brigade, under Generals Gordon or Spinola, we should certainly reach Bottom's Bridge. Otherwise success would not be certain. After submitting my view, as above, I am ready to obey your orders to move on one line and with my present force, and to do so promptly and in perfect faith.

I have the honor to be, sir, respectfully, your most obedient servant,E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.

53 R R - VOL XXVII, PT II

