
sent out there with a squadron of cavalry. He reported circumstantially and positively that he saw there 60 cavalry and upward, supported by infantry. Upon that, I requested you to order General Gordon of General Spinola to watch on my right. It appears to be due to Captain Cameron and his officers that the issue of fact between them and Mr. Tunstall should be cleared up, and the truth made known to all parties interested. In regard to the numbers of the enemy, I could form no idea. Not a great number showed themselves, and I only referred you to numbers in connection with Major Hall's report. A few shots were exchanged. In a charge on a cavalry outpost, [George J.] Ker, Fifth Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry, had his horse shot; one man wounded, and one other horse killed.

I remain, with high respect, your most obedient servant,

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.

Numbers 2. Reports of Major General George W. Getty, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Seventh Army Corps, of expedition to South Anna River.

HEADQUARTERS, Yorktown, Va., July 11, 1863.

SIR: On the 30th June last, I received orders from the major-general commanding the department to move across the railroad bridge over the Pamunkey at the White House the following day, advance by way of Lanesville, King William Court-House, Taylor's Ferry, and Littlepage's Bridge, to the Richmond and Potomac Railroad of the track as possible, making every effort to capture the insurgent troops guarding the railroad at that point, which having accomplished, I was to return by the same route the column took in advancing. Should it be apparent during the progress of the movement that a departure from the tenor of these instructions would, without defeating the object of the expedition, be safe and advantageous, I was to act at my discretion. In addition to my own command of the Second Division, Seventh Army Corps, which had been previously strengthened by a provisional brigade of two regiments under Colonel Wardrop, General Forster, with his brigade of five regiments of infantry, and Davis' battery, Seventh Massachusetts, in all about 1, 200 cavalry, reported to me for this expedition. One regiment of the Second Division (the Twenty-first Connecticut) remained at the White House as provost guard. On the 1st of July, having crossed all the artillery and wagons over the railroad bridge the previous evening and night, the collum, cavalry in advance, marched from the White House at daylight, and camped for the night at King William Court-House. Colonel Spear with the cavalry was directed to advance to Brandywine, 8 miles from King William Court-House, and, in order to se-

