
cure the left flank of the column, to destroy all the bridges, ferries, boats, and other means of crossing on the Pamunkey as far as Hanovertown; the next day, July 2, to advance to and occupy Taylor's Ferry and Littlepage's Bridge, destroying, as before, as far as Taylor's Ferry. These orders were executed to the letter by Colonel Spear. On the 2d, the main column moved to Brandywine, and on the 3rd to Taylorsville, on the Pamunkey, some 5 or 6 miles from Littlepage's Bridge, and 16 miles from Brandywine. On the march from King William Court-House to Taylorsville, the heat and dust were intolerable, and the troops suffered exceedingly. There were numerous cases of sunstroke, and many men fell out from exhaustion. In addition to these, there were great numbers of stragglers, chiefly from the One hundred and sixty-fifth and One hundred and sixty-sixth Regiments Pennsylvania Militia. On the 4th July, 1863, leaving the Second Brigade, Second Division, Seventh Army Corps, Colonel Stedman commanding, at Taylorsville, together with [J.] Gilliss' and [J. G.] Simpson's batteries, a company of cavalry, the sick, exhausted, and foot-sore from the other commands, and all the wagons and baggage, I advanced to Littlepage's Bridge, crossed the Pamunkey, and occupied Hanover Court-House, dispersing the enemy's pickets. Having stationed the Third Brigade, Second Division, Seventh Army Corps, Colonel Donohoe commanding, at the bridge, and the First Brigade, Colonel Alford commanding, at Hanover Court-House, to secure my withdrawal, I sent forward Spear's cavalry, Davis' battery, and Foster's and Wardrop's brigades of infantry, all under the command of Brigadier-General Foster, to destroy the railroad bridge over the South Anna and tear up the track. General Foster reached the scene of operations, the bridge, about 7. 30 p. m., and finding the enemy strongly posted in large force, with artillery mounted, commanding all the surrounding country and enfilading the roads, and being repulsed in an attempt to gain possession of the bridge, set parties to work tearing up the track, reported the condition of affairs to me, and waited my orders. On his reports, confirmed by the statements of citizens and prisoners, I ordered him to withdraw his command to Hanover Court-House by daylight, which he did. A bridge across the North Anna River, some 4 or 5 miles above Littlepage's Bridge, having been reported to me on the afternoon of the 4th, I sent Major Stratton, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, with a squadron, to ascertain whether there was such a bridge, and to report its condition as soon as possible. He returned, and reported to me at Hanover Court-House about 8 p. m. that the bridge had already been burned by the enemy. Upon Major Stratton reporting to me about 8 o'clock in the evening, he was dispatched with his squadron to Ashland Statin, on the Richmond and Potomac Railroad, with orders to destroy the railroad depot and buildings, and the store-houses and property of the enemy at that point, and to tear up and destroy as much of the track as possible. This duty he performed in a very thorough and creditable manner, and reported to me at Hanover Court-House about 6 o'clock the following morning. After an hour's rest, General Foster's command and the First Brigade, Second Division, Seventh Army Corps, were withdrawn to the left bank of the Pamunkey and the bridge destroyed.

