
After surveying the ground, and conversing with one or two of the senior officers who were inimical to me, and finding that some of my men and many of the rebels had fallen, Major Quinn, evincing unmistakable signs of jealousy and envy, remarked that it was the opinion of most of the officers that I had sacrificed my men by risking a battle at that place ; that they were dissatisfied, and wanted him to take command, and that I should have fallen back upon the main column and upon batteries for protection, &amp;c. I told him that I would permit no such remarks in presence of the officers and men. Whereupon Major Quinn, without authority, sent forward Lieutenant Erwin C. Watkins to represent to Colonel McReynolds that I had sacrificed a large number of men unnecessarily by giving battle to the enemy at the wrong place, and the said Lieutenant Watkins actually returned with instructions from Colonel McReynolds, as he stated, to place me in arrest for fighting, and Major Quinn in command of the regiment. I did not, however, recognize this irregular mode of arrest until I was informed by the acting assistant adjutant-general of the brigade that I was in arrest, and assured by him that justice would be done me when Colonel McReynolds fairly understood the matter. I was however, left in arrest until the command arrived at Winchester, when I was relieved by order of the commanding general and restored to my command. I would here call the especial attention of the commanding general to the ungentlemanly and mutinous conduct of Major Quinn and Lieutenant Watkins, neither of whom were in the flight, but coming upon the field at the moment of my triumph over the enemy, through envy and jealousy on the part of Major Quinn, and, malice with Lieutenant Watkins, endeavored by word and act to produce discontent, insubordination, and mutiny with officers and men. On sunday, the 14th instant, it was ascertained that the enemy were approaching with a formidable force, and with serious intent upon the capture of Winchester, greatly to my surprise, which was shared in by all the officers with whom I was brought in contact . Detachments of my regiment were sent out by General Milroy to reconnoiter the road on our center and left, in the direction of Strasburg and Millwood, or Berry's Ferry, and later in the day I was ordered with my regiment to the south side of the city, where it was reported that the enemy's cavalry were approaching, with instructions to skirmish with them, and if possible, hold the city until the remainder of the forage, provisions, and baggage belonging to the division could be removed . The order was successfully executed and, at 3p. m. of that day, nothing of value belonging to the United States Government remained at Winchester. I was then ordered back with my command to the position we occupied in the morning, immediately on the south side of the star fort, commanded by Colonel McReynolds. At about 5 p. m. a rebel battery opened upon the fort on our extreme right, which was vigorously responded to by Lieutenant Randolph's battery, which occupied the fort with a strong infantry support. At 6 o'clock this fort was stormed and occupied by an overwhelming force of rebel infantry. Half an hour later the rebels had their guns in position upon this fort. They commenced to throw heavy shot and shell into the main fort occupied by General Milroy, and the star fort [occupied] by Colonel McReynolds, which was returned

