
of his command between this and Richmond during the early part of this month.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

GEO. W. GETTY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, White House, Va., June 30, 1863.

Brigadier General G. W. GETTY:

GENERAL: You will with your division, the brigade of Brigadier-General Foster, and the cavalry under the command of Colonel Spear, cross the Pamunkey on the railroad bridge by daybreak to-morrow morning, and proceed by way of Lanesville and King William Court-House to Taylo's and Littlepage's Bridges, near the mouth of the South Anna, recross the Pamunkey at one of those points, and attack the railroad bridge of the Richmond and Petersburg Railroad over the South Anna, destroy it, and take up and twist or bend as many of the rails on the road as possible. Every effort should be made to capture the insurgent troops guarding the bridge. The bridges over the Pamunkey between the White House and Taylor's Bridge, and the scows at the principal ferries, should be destroyed as the column advances, and the two bridges, by which it is to cross near the mouth of the South Anna, should be strongly guarded. No wagons should be crossed excepting such as may be needed for extra ammunition. When the objects of the expedition are accomplished, the troops should be recrossed and marched back to the White House by the route the column took in advancing. Should it be apparent during the progress of the movement that a departure from the tenor of these instructions will, without defeating the object of the expedition, be safe and advantageous, you will act at your discretion. All pillaging is peremptorily forbidden. It is in violation of the principles of honorable warfare. No private property will be taken but by your order, and then only for public use and as a military necessity. You will cause the Fifty-second and Fifty-fourth Articles of War to be read at the evening parade of each regiment which is to constitute a part of your force. You will take five day's rations, two of which oats will also be taken for horses and mules.

By command of Major-General Dix:

D. T. VAN BUREN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Brigadier General Robert S. Foster, U. S. Army, commanding brigade.

HDQRS. FOSTER'S BRIGADE, White House, Va., July 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I beg leave to submit the following report, agreeably to the orders of the general commanding: I left White House with my command on the morning of July 1,

