
Richmond. The commenced at a point 3 miles from the road, and destroyed the track as much as possible during the time allotted them. Upon my departure, I set fire to the ties, &amp;c. I left as soon as practicable for Hanover Court-House, and, without any interruption, arrived there at 4 a. m. The command returned to this place July 7, 1863. The casualties were 2 killed and 7 wounded. Very truly,

ROBT. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General.

Captain GARDNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 4. Report of Colonel David W. Wardrop, Ninety-ninth New York Infantry, commanding provisional brigade.

HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL BRIGADE, Yorktown, Va., July 11, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders received, I have the honor to present the following report of the part taken in the late expedition by the brigade under my command: On the evening of June 30, 1863, in accordance with orders from General Getty, broke camp at White House, and marched to within about 2 miles of Lanesville, picking up on the way the One hundred and eighteenth Regiment New York Volunteers, who were, at the time the order was received, on picket and other duty across the Pamunkey. July 1. - Broke camp at 6 a. m., taking the position in line assigned to me by general orders, viz, rear of Simpson's battery, and marched about half a mile beyond King William Court-House, arriving about 3 p. m., the weather extremely hot. Our camp for this night was in a field to the left of the main road. July 2. - Broke camp at 6 a. m., and marched to Brandywine, where we encamped for the night. July 3. - Broke camp at 7 a. m., and marched to K. Taylor's farm, where we arrived at about 10 p. m. This day's march was very fatiguing to the men; the extreme heat and long march caused some of them to drop out. July 4. - Broke camp at 6 a. m., and marched to the bridge across the Pamunkey, where I halted my command, and allowed the Eleventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry and Davis' battery to pass. At the Court-House, received verbal orders from General Getty to report to General Foster. After advancing several miles, received word from Colonel Spear that his men were being annoyed by the enemy's skirmishers, and a request that I would send a company to his assistance. I immediately complied with his request, and sent forward one company of the Ninety-ninth New York Volunteers. On arriving at the crossing of the Richmond and Fredericksburg road, I detached two companies of the One hundred and eighteenth Regiment New York Volunteers, with instructions to proceed cautiously down the railroad track, and, if possible, to reach the bridge.

