
The object was to feel the enemy, and discover, if possible, whether he was in strong force. I also threw out pickets at every point where it was liable for us to be attacked, and formed my brigade in a field on top of the hill to the left of the wagon road; the artillery and cavalry were also in the field. Shortly the enemy opened on us a sharp fire of shell, with a few round shot, none of which, I am happy to say, took effect. Musketry firing was heard on the railroad, and I ascertained that the two companies of the One hundred and eighteenth had met with resistance. About 11 p. m., by direction of General Foster, I detached one company of the One hundred and eighteenth and one company of the Ninety-ninth, which, under charge of Major Nichols, of the One hundred and eighteenth, were sent down the railroad to re-enforce the two companies already there. Some smart skirmishes took place, and we discovered that the enemy was there in strong force. Accordingly, about 2. 30 a. m., by direction of General Foster, these companies were called in, as were also the pickets, and at 3 a. m. the whole column fell back to Taylor's farm, arriving at 1 p. m. July 5. The conduct of the men engaged in the skirmish on the railroad was most satisfactory. In the affair, my brigade lost 2 killed. 10 prisoners (12 taken; 2 escaped while being conveyed to the rear). I append hereto a list of casualties.

* For particulars of this affair, I beg leave to refer you to the reports of regimental commanders, inclosed.

July 6. - Marched from Taylor's farm to King William Court-House, via Aylett's, a distance of 23 miles, arriving at 4 p. m.

July 7. - Broke camp at 6. 30 a. m., and marched to the White House, arriving at 1 p. m.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. W. WARDROP,

Colonel Ninety-ninth New York Vols., Comdg. Prov. Brigade.

Captain GARDNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 5. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Richard Nixon, Ninety-ninth New York Infantry.

YORKTOWN, VA., July 11, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to present the following report of the late expedition to Hanover Junction, under command of Brigadier-General Getty: Broke camp at White House, Va., on the evening of June 30; marched 2 miles, and encamped for the night 2 miles on the north side of the Pamunkey.

July 1. - Broke camp at 6 a. m. ; marched to King William Court-House, and encamped for the night; distance marched, about 9 miles July 2. - Broke camp at 6 a. m. ; marched to Brandywine; arrived at 3 p. m. ; weather very warm.

July 3. - Broke camp at 7 o'clock; marched to Taylor's farm, where we arrived at 10 p. m. ; encamped for the night in a corn-field.

---------------

*omitted.

---------------

