
July 4. - Broke camp at 6 a. m. ; took the advance with the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry and Seventh Massachusetts Battery; sent forward two companies to support cavalry; arrived at railroad crossing at 7 p. m., when the enemy opened a vigorous fire of shot and shell, and kept up a constant firing during the night; had three companies out on picket during the night; had 2 men taken prisoners, and 2 men wounded.

July 5. - Fell back before daylight, and arrived at Taylor's farm at 1 p. m. ; encamped for the night.

July 6. - Broke camp at 3 a. m., and marched from Taylor's farm to King William Court-House; distance, 23 miles; rained very hard in the afternoon.

July 7. - Broke camp at King William Court-House at 6. 30 a. m., and arrived at White House Landing at 1 p. m.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. NIXON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Ninety-ninth Regiment New York Vols.

Lieutenant CHAS. E. PRUYN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Provisional Brigade.

Numbers 6. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Oliver Keese, jr., One hundred and eighteenth New York Infantry.

FORT KEYES, Gloucester Point, Va., July 15, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with orders received, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the regiment under my command in the expedition from White House to Hanover Bridge: At the time the expedition ; left White House, my command was doing picket and other duty across the Pamunkey; was relieved, and joined the brigade on the evening of June 30, and marched about a mile and a half, when we camped for the night.

July 1. - Broke camp at 6 a. m., and marched to King William Court-House; distance marched, about 9 miles.

July 2. - Broke camp about 6 a. m., and marched to near Brandywine; arrived at 3 p. m.

July 3. - Broke camp at 7 a. m., and arrived at Taylor's farm at 10 p. m., and camped for the night.

July 4. - Broke camp at 6 a. m., our brigade in advance, and marched to the railroad crossing of the Richmond And Fredericksburg road, arriving about 7 p. m., and, according to orders, formed the regiment in line on top of the hill to the left of, and at right angles with, the wagon road, and afterward moved into a field immediately in front of this position, where also the remaining regiment of our brigade, Spear's cavalry, and Seventh Massachusetts Battery were drawn up in line. Immediately on arriving on the ground, by direction of Colonel Wardrop. Commanding brigade, I detached two companies of my command (Companies A and F) to report to him. These companies were sent down the railroad track, in the direction of the bridge. After the line was formed in the field above mentioned, the men were allowed to stack arms and rest.

