
About 11 p. m. I received orders from General Foster to have the men fall in immediately under arms, and also to detach one more company, which, together with one company of the Ninety-ninth New York Volunteers, were to proceed down the railroad, and join the two companies of my regiments already there, the whole to be under command of Major Nichols, of this regiment. This was accordingly done. The remaining seven companies remained under arms until 3 a. m., when the three companies which had been sent down the railroad returned (by order of General Forster). The whole command at once took up its line of march for Taylor's farm, arriving at this place about 1 p. m., and camped for the night. Broke camp July 6, at 3 a. m., and marched to King William Court-House, via Aylett's; distance, 23 miles; arriving at 4 p. m. Broke camp July 7, and marched to White House, arriving at 1 p. m. In regard to the part taken by Companies A, F, and D, of my regiment, in the action of July 4 and 5, I have the honor to inclose the reports of the different company commanders. I would call particular attention to the conduct of Second Lieutenant William H. Stevenson, of Company F, who, whit but 5 men, charged a rebel riflepit, and captured all of its defenders with the exception of 1 man, who, trying to escape, was shot dead by the lieutenant. His courage and thoughtfulness in this charge, capturing a party of men who, defended by a bullet-proof breastwork of logs, were greatly annoying our men, are, in my opinion, deserving of great praise. The conduct of both officers and men engaged in this skirmish was highly gratifying to me.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. KEESE, JR.,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. 118th Regiment New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant CHAS. E. PRUYN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 7. Report of Captain Josiah H. Norris, One hundred and eighteenth New York Infantry.

FORT KEYES, Gloucester Point, Va., July 14, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of the 4th instant, in which my company (A) took part: Immediately on our arrival at the Richmond and Fredericksburg Railroad, my company and Company F, under my command, were ordered to proceed down the railroad to a bridge, and there prevent the enemy crossing at all hazard. I deployed the first platoon of Company F on the left, under command of Lieutenants Chamberlin and Cunningham, and advanced cautiously. After proceeding about one-fourth of a mile, the skirmishers were fired upon from some bushes near the railroad, not more than 10 paces from our line. I did not return the fire, but moved steadily forward, receiving the fire of the enemy's pickets (which we were driving in before us), which did us no damage, their balls passing

