
harmlessly over our heads. We had a pond to pass by here which lay alongside the railroad, our skirmishers passing it on the right. At this time, the firing became quite brisk, and Corporal [Cass C.] Lapoint was wounded, he being in the reserve, which was advancing on the railroad, the shells all going directly over the reserve. After passing the pond, the ground was level, and afforded no protection for the men. I ordered the men to lie down and commence firing, which was done in a style creditable to them. The enemy now opened with a battery of two or three guns on our left, the shells passing by us, and striking in the woods on our right. Soon a fire was opened on our right, which indicated that an attempt was being made to turn our right flank. At this time, Lieutenant Cunningham reported the enemy moving on his left flank, with the purpose of flanking him, as he could hear them talk distinctly. My right had now advanced sufficiently near to see their fortifications, which consisted of a building having the appearance of being made of heavy timber, and breastworks made of railroad ties. The fire now became very hot in front and also on my right and left, and I found that I could not make any farther advance without sacrificing my men, without accomplishing anything, without more assistance. I ordered my command to fall back, which was done very quietly, and in perfect order. I stationed 4 men behind some railroad ties, with orders, should the enemy attempt to follow us, to fire their guns, and fall back to a reserve of 10 men I had placed with similar protection to cover our retreat. The firing now ceased, and the men lay down in line as they had been deployed, each one watching for any movement of the enemy. Re-enforcements soon came up, under command of Major Nichols, consisting of Company D, of our regiment, and Company E, of the Ninety-ninth New York Volunteers. Soon the order "Forward, " was given, and each man was instantly on his feet, ready to give them another trial. Lieutenant Gattett had command of the platoon deployed, and Lieutenant Chamberlin of the reserve. We now advanced. As before, everything was quiet until our men had attained the same position as before, when we were greeted by a terrific volley, which fortunately did us no damage. At this the firing became general along the line. They opened ; upon us with some four or five guns, with better range than at first, with both shell and canister. At this time M. Sherman was mortally wounded; he was with the reserve. Then Corporal [Samuel] Vantassell received a ball through the arm, he being in the line of skirmishers on the right; soon Henry M. Millis fell, mortally wounded; also at the same time, Hiram Yetto fell, with a bullet through the leg. We returned their fire with an effect that told on them, for more than once we heard their cry for help. Their fire from both their batteries and rifles was now better directed, as the balls fell like hail around us. I ordered the men to fix bayonets, and to be in readiness at the command to charge on their breastworks, when the order came from the major to fall back, which was done in good order. The enemy ceased firing at the same time that we did. We now moved back, and joined the regiment, after being under fire four hours, suffering the following casualties: Sherman and Millis, mortally wounded; Corporals Vantassell and Lapoint, severely wounded; Privates Yetto, [Holdridge H.] Whipple, and [Hosea]

