
given me from the major commanding, so the ; men were ordered to maintain their position, and fire steadily and regularly, which they did, not a man flinching under this terrible fire of the enemy, and this, too, when we could perceive no effect resulting from our fire upon him. At this time, the signal to retreat was heard, and the line commenced to fall back, firing as they want, till we reached the cover of the woods from which we started. The enemy did not follow us, and ceased their firing when we ceased ours, on arriving at the woods. Here I again formed the company, and marched up on to the rail-road track, at the place where I had first filed off, and was joined by the remainder of the skirmishers, and led back to the battalion by Major Nichols. My company did not lose a man. Private Thomas J. Hayes was struck in the thigh by a spent ball, but received only a slight bruise. Considering the length of time we were under fire (at least two hours), and the severity of the fire during the latter part of that time, it seems truly wonderful that no man of my company should have been killed or severely wounded. I cannot close this report without commending in the highest terms the conduct and bravery of both my lieutenants; First Lieutenant Lellogg, who was in command of my reserve, which seemed for the greater part of the time to be in even greater danger from the shells and solid shot of the enemy than was the advance, and Second Lieutenant Sherman, who assisted me in the command of the line of skirmishers, and in no case hesitated to expose himself, but throughout manifested perfect coolness and self-possession. My non-commissioned officers and men behaved admirably, and, after the first or second time firing, were as cool and deliberate in after the first or second time firing, were as cool and deliberate in loading and firing as they could have been had the whole affair been no more than a skirmish drill. Their conduct more than satisfies me, and I trust I shall be pardoned if I say I am proud of them and of their conduct in this their first trial. All which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD RIGGS,

Captain 118th New York State Volunteers, Comdg. Company D.

Lieutenant J. L. CARTER,

Acting Adjutant.

No. 9. Report of Lieutenant John L. Cunningham, One hundred and eighteenth New York Infantry.

FORT KEYES, Gloucester Point, Va., July 14, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make through you to the commander of the regiment the following report of the part taken by Company F in the affair at Hanover, or South Anna Bridge, on the 4th and 5th instant: As directed, Company F, with Company A (Captain Norris), filed

54 R R -VOL XXVII, PT II

