
Numbers 11. Report of Major Franklin A. Stratton, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry.

YORKTOWN, VA., July 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor most respectfully to report that, pursuant to orders received at Hanover Court-House from the general commanding expeditionary forces, I proceeded from that place on the night of the 4th instant, in command of Companies G and M, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, for the purpose of cutting the enemy`s communications at Ashland Station, on the Richmond, Fredericksburg and Potomac Railroad. I reached Ashland at 1. 30 o`clock the same night, without opposition from the enemy. Throwing out pickets on the roads leading from town, I divided the remainder of my force into four working parties; sending one to the northern end of the town to tear up the track; one about half a mile below, for the same purpose; another, under Lieutenant Titus, a mile farther south, to destroy a bridge, and retaining one at the station, to destroy the railroad buildings and property. All these parties were successful. The track was torn up at intervals for half a mile, the ties burned, and the rails bent. The station buildings, and a warehouse adjoining, containing a guantity of hay, tools, &amp;c., were entirely destroyed by fire, together with the water tank, switches, platforms, three freight cars, several car-loads of bridge timber, a large wood-shed filled with wood, and some other property. About a hundred bags of salt, found in the Government warehouse, were also destroyed. The instruments in the telegraph office, including a surgeon`s compass, were captured and brought away. The wire was taken down for a quarter of a mile, and cut into short pieces. The bridge, a mile south of town, a trestle structure, about 50 feet long and 20 feet high, was entirely consumed. Fire was applied to the buildings and ties, previously prepared, just at daylight, the signal agreed upon being the flames from the burning bridge. A dwelling house near the depot being in danger, I impressed a party of citizens, and ordered them to protect it. Having accomplished all that could be done during the two and a half hours at my disposal, I returned to Hanover Court-House, and there found the main command at 6 o`clock on the morning of the 5th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANKLIN A. STRATTON,

Major Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Captain HAZARD STEVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 12. Report of Captain Phineas A. Davis, Seventh Massachusetts Battery.

WHITE HOUSE, VA., July 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, on the 4th day of July, I proceeded from Hanover Court-House to the crossing of the Rich-

