
mond and Fredericksburg Railroad and county road near South Anna Bridge, in company with the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry. Colonel S. P. Spear commanding the advance. On reaching the above-mentioned place, I proceeded, in company with Colonel Spear, down the county road to within a short distance of the bridge, for the purpose of ascertaining the nature of the country, and finding some commanding position for my battery. While at the front, the enemy opened from two guns opposite the county bridge, and shortly alter from five guns in two positions farther down the river toward the right of the command. By order of Brigadier General R. S. Foster, commanding, I placed my battery in position on a small hill at the crossing of the railroad and county road, being the only position to be obtained, and being liable to an enfilading artillery fire from the left. The enemy kept up an artillery fire from their different positions from dark until midnight, several of the shells from their 10-pounder Parrott guns coming in very close proximity to the battery, but fortunately without doing damage. No shots were fired by me, owing to the difficulty of ascertaining the position of the enemy`s guns, it being deemed inexpedient to expose our position. At 2. 30 a. m., July 5, I received orders to withdraw, and take up my line of march to Hanover Court-House, which was done. I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

PHINEAS A. DAVIS,

Captain Seventh Massachusetts Battery.

Lieutenant S. E. MARVIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 13. Reports of Major General Erasmus D. Keyes, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Army Corps, of expedition to Bottom`s Bridge.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Baltimore Store, July 2, 1863-7 a. m.

DEAR GENERAL: During the last twenty-four hours I have become more strongly convinced than before, if such be possible, that we cannot do anything against Richmond. All we can hope is that Getty may destroy the bridges over the South Anna to-day. Beyond that, no damage to the enemy can be done here at all commensurate with the detention of 20, 000 and odd troops, some of them very good troops, now with you. They ought to be around the Northern cities. If I were in the command of the department, I would put them in the way to embark at a moment`s notice, and report that they could not just now be used here to advantage. This I am convinced is the opinion of every thinking man under your command, for which reason I respectfully and urgently proffer my advice.

In haste, yours, truly,

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General, Commanding Fourth Army Corps.

Major-General DIX,

Commanding Department of Virginia.

