
pulsed them repeatedly in handsome style. Colonel [John A.] Baker`s regiment occupied the right of our line, and behaved very well. They tore up a portion of the track toward Ashland, and from the light seen just before day would not be surprised had they burned that place. They have all disappeared this morning; but as the cavalry sent to follow them has as yet made no report, I am not certain in what direction. I presume, however, they are making their way back toward the White House, as the line to Gordonsville is not cut. During the day, I expect to gain fuller information, and will inform you further to-night. Our loss, owing to our rifle-pits, is very small-1 killed and 6 wounded. Theirs not known, though during the firing groans were frequently heard, and this morning much blood and places where men have been dragged are reported to me as visible. I found Colonel Hall`s arrangements for the defense very good, and I am carrying out the lines he commenced. The two pieces of artillery (one Blakely and one Napoleon) with the cavalry are almost without ammunition, and I would like you to send me a good supply. Also some Parrott cannon and Enfield rifle ammunition. I would much prefer my two regiments to the convalescents now here, though they may do very well, if called on. I have now 7 prisoners from three different regiments of infantry, and 1 from Colonel Spear`s. Very respectfully,

JNO. R. COOKE,

Brigadier-General.

Major ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army, Richmond.

Numbers 15. Report of Major General Daniel H. Hill, C. S. Army.

JULY 3, 1863.

SIR: The reconnaissance yesterday has satisfied my mind that the Yankees are not in force at the White House. They were steadily driven from the Cross-Roads till 10 o`clock last night, when they were found too strongly posted for a night attack. Our men had been at work all the night before in throwing down entrenchments, and the mach of upward of 20 miles had worried them very much. My brigadiers were adverse to an attack this morning, as they thought the Yankees would cross the Pamunkey and be safe, unless they felt their position to be too strong to be taken. I therefore decided to return. We lost 2 killed and 4 wounded. General [M.] Jenkins, who made the attack, estimates the loss of the Yankees at 30 or 40. Six dead bodies were left on the field. This, I think, proves that [A. H.] Colquitt is not needed as yet. If he has not started, I would suggest that he be stopped; and if he has, that he be stopped at Petersburg. Do you wish me to furnish the regiment which Colonel [E. D.] Hall asks for? He is not a man to ask for help when not needed. Our men are very tired, and I would prefer that the regiment should

