
come from the city troops; but if none can be furnished from that source, I will send up one from Cookel, and get him to take charge of the whole.

With great respect,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Confederate States of America.

JULY 3-7, 1863. -Raid on the Wilmington and Weldon Railroad, N. C.

PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

July 5. -Skirmish at Warsaw, N. C.

Skirmish at Kenansville, N. C.

6. -Skirmish at Free Bridge, near Trenton, N. C.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Major General John G. Foster, U. S. Army, commanding Department of North Carolina.

Numbers 2. - Lieutenant Colonel George W. Lewis, Third New York Cavalry, commanding expedition.

Numbers 3. - Captain N. W. Wilson, engineer.

Numbers 4. - Brigadier General Charles A. Heckman, U. S. Army.

Numbers 5. - Silas A. Ilsley, acting assistant adjutant-general, Jourdan`s brigade.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General John G. Foster, U. S. Army, commanding Department of North Carolina.

HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF N. C., New Berne, July 7, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the cavalry, under command of Lieutenant Colonel George W. Lewis, consisting of about 640 men of the Third New York Cavalry, sent out by me on the 3rd of July, for the purpose of destroying communications on the Wilmington and Weldon Railroad, have safely returned. The force left here on the morning of July 3, and reached Trenton that night; starting the next morning for Kenansville, via Comfort and Hallsville, driving in the enemy`s pickets, arriving at which place they surprised a company of cavalry there, capturing their arms and equipments, some horses, and 6 prisoners. at this place an armory was destroyed which contained some 2, 500 sabers and large quantities of saber bayonets, bowie knives, and other small-arms, a steam-engine and implements for manufacturing arms. A store-house full of implements and materials, a manufactory of knapsacks, and some commissary store-houses were burned. A large Confederate flag and some cavalry guidons were also found. At 6 a. m. of the 5th of July, the force started for Warsaw, a station on the line of the Wilmington and Weldon Railroad. Finding no enemy there, the town was occupied, a portion of the force dismounted and put at work destroying the telegraph and railroad,

