
using the plan of Colonel Haupt, whilst the remainder of the force were thrown out as pickets, and kept mounted for defense. The rails were twisted, thoroughly destroying the track for 2 miles, and the culverts destroyed for 5 miles more. The telegraph wire was destroyed for some 2 miles, the poles cut down, wire removed, &amp;c. At Warsaw, two cars, a freight house full of Confederate stores, some 4, 000 barrels of rosin and turpentine, a safe said to contain a large amount of Confederate money, and some powder were burned and destroyed. Three or four bags of mail were taken. An hour before the arrival of the cavalry at Warsaw, a train of fourteen empty cars had gone toward Wilmington for troops, and as there was no doubt but that these were intended to re-enforce the four companies of infantry and four pieces of artillery stationed at Magnolia Bridge, a station 10 miles below, and learning that the enemy were concentrating some 7 miles above, at Rusk`s Bridge, and that [W. C.] Claiborne`s cavalry, 600 strong, were to arrive at Warsaw that day, Colonel Lewis wisely decided to return, and started for Trenton that afternoon, at which place he arrived yesterday evening, driving and dispersing small forces of the enemy, guerrillas, all the way in. About 150 animals and 30 prisoners were taken, and about 100 men and 300 women and children, negroes, followed the cavalry into our lines. At this point (Trenton), General Heckman, with his command, was stationed, holding the bridges and roads, so as to cover the return of the cavalry. General Heckman`s advance had that day met the enemy`s advance from Kinston, at Free Bridge, and, after a short engagement, repulsed them with a loss of 3 wounded on our side, one of whom, I regret to say, was Lieutenant-Colonel Chambers, of the Twenty-third Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George W. Lewis, Third New York Cavalry, commanding expedition.

NEW BERNE, July 8, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders and instructions received from Mja. General J. G. Foster, I formed my command, consisting of the Third New York Cavalry, two companies of Mix`s new cavalry regiment, and Company L, North Carolina Union Volunteers, one section of horse artillery from the Third New York Artillery, commanded by Lieutenant Clark, and the howitzer battery attached to the Third New York Cavalry, Lieutenant [James A.] Allis, consisting, all told, of 650 men. On the morning of the 3d, at 5 a. m., I sent one squadron of the Third New York Cavalry to escort the pioneers, under Mr. Wilson,

