
stroyed). Also why a proper organization was not made before the time of action, viz, one-half in gangs for work, and one-half for defense.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES, July 13, 1863.

I have no doubt as to the truth of my report of having destroyed 2 miles of track. There were at least twelve gangs at work. I would most respectfully protest against Mr. Wilson making his report other than through the commandant of the expedition. Very respectfully, G. W. LEWIS, Lieutenant Colonel Third New York Cav., Comdg. Cav. Forces.

Numbers 4. Report of Brigadier General Charles A. Heckman, U. S. Army.

NEW BERNE, N. C., July 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report, as the result of the recent expedition under my command: In obedience to orders, my command, consisting of the Ninth New Jersey, four companies Twenty-third Massachusetts, eight companies Seventeenth Massachusetts, six companies Eighty-first New York, and Belger`s battery, left New Berne at 4 a. m. July 4, taking the road to Pollocksville, via county bridge and Bryce`s Creek. The column arrived at Pollocksville at 11 a. m., and I awaited the arrival of the commanding general of the department until 5 p. m., when I received your instructions, and assumed command of the entire forces, which, in addition to my brigade, consisted of the Twenty-seventh Massachusetts, One hundred and fifty-eighth New York, and Angel`s battery, under command of Colonel Jourdan. I ordered the column forward, and started for Trenton. I bivouacked for the night at the burnt mills, distant from New Berne 20 miles. At daylight on the morning of the 5th, we were again moving, and reached Trenton at 8 a. m. It being excessively warm, the column marched slowly, and without straggling, the rear of the column arriving in due season and in good condition. Left the Seventeenth Massachusetts, Lieutenant-Colonel Fellows commanding, and one section of Angel`s battery, to guard the necessary points in and about Trenton, and, with the balance of the force, started on the Trenton road, toward Comfort. At the forks of the Comfort and Quaker Bridge roads, I halted the column, and proceeded to examine the bridges and fords crossing the Trent River. Found the Quaker Bridge destroyed. The Wilcox Bridge was in good condition, with fortifications on the Kinston side. There was no force of the enemy there, the last having left on the morning of the 4th. The bridge was about 125 feet long, and I ordered it destroyed, which was effectually done by Companies B and

