
Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, and Battery K, Third New York Artillery. The One hundred and fifty-eighth New York Volunteers have on march: Field officers, 2; staff officers, 4; line officers, 20; enlisted men, 323. Aggregate, 349. The Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers have on march: Field officers, 2; staff officers, 4; line officers, 13; enlisted men, 392. Aggregate, 411. Battery K, Third New York Artillery, have on march: Commissioned officers, 3; non-commissioned officers, 13; privates, 78. Aggregate, 94. Detailed five companies Twenty-seventh and One hundred and fifty-eighth New York Volunteers to guard wagon train. Halted at 9 a. m. for a rest. Nothing of any account has occurred so far. Arrived at Mill Creek at 11. 50 a. m., where we halted for dinner. Received orders to move forward at 5. 45 p. m., arriving at burnt mills at 8. 10 p. m., where we halted, and bivouacked for the night; threw out pickets-1 officer and 12 men-down the road we came about 200 yards, and down the road to Young`s Cross-Roads 200 yards; placed the battery so as to cover the two roads; then received orders to be ready to march at 3. 30 a. m. the next day. July 5. - Started on the march at 3. 40 a. m., an route for Trenton. Arrived at Trenton at 7. 40 a. m., where we left a section of the battery to report to Colonel Fellows, of the Seventeenth Massachusetts Volunteers. Left Trenton at 8 a. m. ; marched until 9. 30 a. m., when we halted. Started in fifteen minutes, and marched to the junction of Comfort and Quaker Bridge roads, arriving at 10 a. m., at which time General Heckman went to the front, leaving Colonel Jourdan in command of all the force at the Cross-Roads, when we halted, parked the trains, placing pickets on the different roads, and placed the battery where it could defend the different avenues of approach, firing at the front. General Heckman sent to Colonel Jourdan for re-enforcements. Colonel Jourdan sent the Ninth New Jersey Volunteers, who were sent at once. Orders were that no fires should be built. Received orders at 2. 30 p. m. to build fires and cook two day`s rations. We bivouacked for the night here, junction of Comfort and Quaker Bridge roads. July 6, 1863. - Received orders at 11 a. m. to be ready at a moment`s notice to march. We are now, at 11. 15 a. m., ready to move at a moment`s notice to support General Heckman, who is at the front, at the Quaker Bridge. General Potter arrived from New Berne with one company of cavalry at 2. 30 p. m., and went to the front. At 3. 30 p. m. General Heckman returned. Colonel Jourdan, after posting two companies of the One hundred and fifty-eighth Regiment New York Volunteers along the banks of the Trent as skirmishers, accompanied by one company of cavalry (Twelfth New York), proceeded up the Trent River to find a ford, which he found, and guarded, as indicated by a negro. Received orders to be ready to return to New Berne at 9 p. m., when we started, arriving at burnt mills at 2 a. m. July 7, 1863, after being delayed by the cavalry, &amp;c. We bivouacked for the night, and started on the march at 7 a. m. Arrived at Pollocksville at 10. 30 a. m., and at _ Mills at 11 a. m., after being delayed some two hours by the wagons. Took dinner, and rested until 1. 30 p. m., when we started, and arrived at Six-Mile Post at 3 p. m. Received orders from General Heckman to leave,

