
3. 30 p. m., and that each regimental commander will march their commands to their respective camps. No casualties occurred in this command on this expedition.

Respectfully submitted.

S. A. ILSLEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 5-7, 1863.

- Expedition from Plymouth to Gardner`s Bridge and Williamston, N. C.

REPORTS. *

Numbers 1. Brigadier General Henry W. Wessells, U. S. Army, commanding District of the Albemarle.

Numbers 2. - Colonel Theodore F. Lehmann, One hundred and third Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding expedition.

Numbers 3. - Colonel David B. Morris, One hundred and first Pennsylvania Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Henry W. Wessells, U. S. Army, commanding District of the Albemarle.

PLYMOUTH, N. C., July 11, 1863.

COLONEL: In order to divert the attention of the enemy from a cavalry expedition which was supposed to have left New Berne in the direction of the Weldon Railroad, I detached a portion of this command, under Colonel Lehmann, with instructions to move from Fort Gray toward Jamesville, and to threaten the strong position of the enemy at Gardner`s Bridge, 2 miles beyond. A second detachment under Colonel Morris, was ordered to embark on board of gunboats kindly furnished by Lieutenant-Commander Flusser, with the intention of landing at Williamston, inclosing the force at Gardner`s Bridge between the two detachment. The violence of the current prevented the gunboats from reaching their destination at the appointed time, and, in consequence, the cooperation was incomplete. The effect of the expedition has been to force the enemy higher up the river, and to break up his position near Jamesville, from whence small marauding parties have been in the habit of prowling in the vicinity of this station, to annoy the outposts. The expedition left on the 5th and returned on the 7th instant. The reports of Colonel Lehmann and Colonel Morris are herewith inclosed.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

H. W. WESSELLS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel S. HOFFMAN.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* For report of Acting Rear-Admiral S. P. Lee, U. S. Navy, see Annual Report of the Secretary of the Navy, December 7, 1863.

---------------

