
works were concealed from the view of our cannoneers, they were able to play on the redoubt with some accuracy, their aim being corrected by soldiers placed to watch the effect of the shot. The time for the approach of Colonel Morris` column having arrived, I ceased firing, so as not to endanger the lives of our own men, supposed to be moving in the rear of the enemy, to co-operate with my force in front. For reasons already stated, viz, the tardy arrival of the boats, we were deprived of the fruits of this expedition. After waiting in vain for the arrival of Colonel Morris` force until 4 p. m., and not knowing what had prevented his coming, I thought it advisable to withdraw from before the enemy, to return to this place, where the force arrived safely at about 9 p. m., having marched about 26 miles. Not finding the gunboats on my return, and hearing heavy firing in the direction of Wiliamston, I was directed to return to Jamesville with my whole force, which I did early on the 7th instant, and arrived at that place at 10. 30 a. m. Ascertaining that the gunboats were coming down on their way back to Plymouth, I rested my men in the shade, and, in company with some cavalry, went to the bridge to ascertain if any change of affairs had taken place since the day previous. I found the enemy`s work abandoned, and an attempt made at burning the bridge, and learned that the enemy had evacuated during the night, to assist in repelling our force at Williamston. The strength of the enemy at the bridge was represented to have been four companies of infantry and a company of artillery, with a 12-pounder brass piece. After effectually destroying the bridge by fire, I returned to my command, and arrived at quarters at about 9 p. m. I cannot, without injustice to the officers and men of his command, close this report without giving them praise for their good conduct, readiness, and cheerfulness to execute all orders given them. Though foot-sore and overcome by the great heat of the day, they marched well, and behaved like good soldiers. Lieutenant Haas, of the Twelfth New York Cavalry, deserves to be honorably mentioned for his activity and zeal. Inclosed you will find Colonel Morris` report.

I have the honor to be, sir, yours, very respectfully,

T. F. LEHMANN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain ANDREW STEWART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel David B. Morris, One hundred and first Pennsylvania Infantry.

PLYMOUTH, N. C., July 8, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit a report of the expedition to Williamston, N. C., under my command. In obedience to your orders, on Sunday, the 5th instant, at or about 4 p. m., I embarked my command, consisting of the One hundred and third and One hundred and first Pennsylvania Volunteers, on board the gunboats Southfield and Commodore Perry. We proceeded up the river, accompanied by the gunboats Whithead and Valley City. Our speed was much retarded on account of

