
dition, and, with little labor, could be made safe for artillery. From all the information I could gain, the nearest point to the mouth of White Oak River for crossing is the bridge at Smith`s Mills. At 9 a. m. Lieutenant Cook, in command of two boats from the gunboat Wilson, reported the steamer aground about 10 miles up the Sound, with no prospect of getting off. Sent the boats, with one platoon of Company B, Ninth New Jersey Volunteers, in command of Captain Harris, to take the sounding of White Oak River for 5 miles from its mouth. Reports no possible chance for fording; where the water was shallow, the bed of the river was soft and miry, and where they found a hard bottom, the water was too deep, and the banks on either side too steep for fording. A reconnaissance map from the mouth of White Oak River to Hadnot`s Creek, you will find inclosed. * At 5 o`clock this morning started on my return, and arrived at Newport Barracks at 11 a. m. No casualties occurred throughout the march, the entire command returning in as fine a condition as on the morning we started. I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. HECKMAN,

Brigadier-General,

Commanding District of Beaufort.

Major General JOHN G. FOSTER.

JULY 13-16, 1863. - Draft Riots in New York City, Troy, and Boston.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Major General John E. Wool, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the East, with orders, &amp;c.

Numbers 2. - Mr. Edward S. Sanford, U. S. Military Telegraph Service.

Numbers 3. - Colonel James B. Fry, Provost-Marshal-General U. S. Army, with orders, &c.

Numbers 4. - Colonel Robert Nugent, Sixty-ninth New York Infantry, Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

Numbers 5. - Captain Joseph B. Erhart, Provost-Marshal.

Numbers 6. - Captain Stephen B. Gregory, Provost-Marshal.

Numbers 7. - Captain Charles E. Jenkins, Provost-Marshal.

Numbers 8. - Captain Benjamin F. Manierre, Provost-Marshal.

Numbers 9. - Mr. Samuel J. Glassey, Deputy Provost-Marshal.

Numbers 10. - Major General Harmanus B. Duryea, commanding Second Division, New York State National Guard.

Numbers 11. - Miscellaneous reports, correspondence, &c.

Numbers 1. Reports of Major General John E. Wool, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the East, with orders, &c.

NEW YORK, N. Y., July 15, 1863. (Received 2. 50 p. m.)

SIR: For the last few days I have been engaged day and night in putting down a most serious and dangerous insurrection. We have done much to stay the infamous schemes of the rioters. Cannon and

---------------

* Omitted: unimportant. See also Gettysburg Campaign, ante, reports of Major-General Sandford and Colonels Lefferts and Berens, New York State National Guard.

---------------

