
harbor - having none in the city - to assemble at my headquarters with the least possible delay, leaving only small guards to take care of the forts. The most of the United States troops thus ordered, arrived in the course of the evening of the same day, and were immediately, as they came, disposed in the best manner for the emergency. The mayor and myself being deficient in force, united in an application to Rear-Admiral Paulding, commanding the navy-yard, to Colonel [Alexander H.] Bowman, Superintendent of the West Point United States Military Academy, to the authorities of Newark, also to the Governors of New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Massachusetts, and Rhode Island, for troops. Those furnished by Admiral Paulding, a company from West Point, and one from Newark, were on the spot promptly, as well as those furnished by the Governor of New York. The militia that could be assembled by Major-General Sandford were posted by him in the upper part of the city, at the State Arsenal and in its vicinity, ready to act there, or at any other point of danger. Upon the call of the Governor, the mayor, and myself, the veteran volunteers in the city (officers and privates), who had been mustered out of service, as well as many citizens, volunteered their services promptly, and, organizing themselves, needed only to be furnished with arms and ammunition; and, as soon as furnished, they were put in positions to act efficiently, not only in defending property, but likewise in putting down the rioters. The city police force, from the beginning, under the able chief commissioner, superintendent, and other officers of its organization, displayed throughout the whole riot not only a willingness, but very great efficiency in their noble exertions to quell the riot. For this, and their harmonious co-operation with the troops engaged in the same cause, they deserve the warmest thanks of every lover of law and order, and my high commendation for their whole conduct on this trying occasion. In the afternoon of the 13th, Bvt. Brigadier General Harvey Brown, in the immediate command of the United States troops in the forts (excepting Fort Columbus), presented himself, and volunteered his services, expressing a willingness to serve in any capacity, in the emergency then pressing upon us. I accepted his offer, and directed him to report to Major-General Sandford, who was then in the immediate command of the troops, with Colonel Nugent, however, under him, in command of the United States portion of the troops, all the troops then out being mixed, of militia and regular. Immediately after receiving my instructions, General Brown took his position at police headquarters, 300 Mulberry street, so as to be in immediate communication with the police authorities, and I appointed two of my aides to assist him. I soon after learned, however, that in the disposition and management of troops there existed a want of harmony between Generals Sandford and Brown, in consequence of which I issued the following order, sending a copy to each:

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST, New York, July 13, 1863. Major-General SANDFORD:

Brevet Brigadier-General BROWN:

GENTLEMEN: It is indispensable to collect your troops not stationed, and have them divided into suitable parties, with a due proportion of the police to each, and

