
serve under General Sandford, but actually issued orders to troops stationed at the latter`s headquarters, without any reference whatever to General Sandford, which, however, were countermanded by the latter. After this, Brevet Brigadier-General Brown continued to act under the foregoing and other written or verbal orders, which were communicated from me to him, until Friday morning, 17th instant, when, by virtue of an order from the War Department, he was relieved, by Brigadier-General Canby, U. S. Volunteers, of all the command he had previously exercised under my orders. Many other orders than those quoted were issued during the operations, which, as they refer to details in reference to posting troops for the protection of property, public and private, need not be submitted; and I have ample reason to believe that the duties enjoined by these orders were generally discharged with efficiency, as well by the regulars, volunteers, marines, and sailors, and several gunboats under their respective officers, furnished at my request by Rear-Admiral Paulding, as also by citizens, who enrolled themselves for the occasion. I would also mention in terms of commendation the services of the cavalry under Colonel [Thaddeus P.] Mott, and of other cavalry of impromptu organization, and of Brigadier-General [Charles C.] Dodge, who volunteered; all of whom finally, after the dispersion of the rioters, were placed under the command of Brigadier-General [Judson] Kilpatrick, he also having volunteered. All the cavalry, however, was reserved to act under my own immediate instructions. On Wednesday evening, 16th instant, this cavalry was directed by me to patrol the disaffected districts, and by 9 o`clock that night they found, from the severe lessons the rioters had received at the hands of the police and troops, in killing and wounding many who were combined in arms and firing from buildings and corners upon the troops, and by the capture of many of their ringleaders, the riot had been effectually subdued. The last act of the tragedy was, that the cavalry, early in the morning of the 17th, found and took possession of 70 stand of revolvers and carbines, which had been secreted by the rioters in a manure heap, and several casks of paving stones, and took several prisoners. It will be seen that from Monday afternoon to Thursday evening the riot existed. During this period much private property was destroyed, and some public property, it is understood, was destroyed in Jamaica; also some public arms in one or two shops of individuals. The amount of private property destroyed is estimated at not less than $400, 000. I here take occasion to express my thanks to the officers and privates of the volunteers, militia, and regulars, also to the marines and sailors, and to the officers of the Navy, for their services on this occasion; likewise to officers of all grades, from brigadier-generals down, who happened to be in the city, and volunteered their services; to the police and its officers, and to many private citizens, for their aid on this occasion. To the Governor of New York, Major-General Sandford and his officers, to the mayor of New York, and to Rear-Admiral Paulding, I am indebted for prompt and efficient action and assistance in the emergency; also to my former aides, Colonel Alexander Hamilton, jr., and Colonel George L. Schuyler, who volunteered especially for this occasion, and were constantly in attendance, day and night. 56 R R - VOL XXVII, PT II

