
I also take occasion to express my thanks to the officers composing my staff, whose duties during the existence of the riot were not only constant and arduous, night and day, but most effectually exerted in aiding me throughout in the performance of the several parts assigned to them. In conclusion, I have only to add, that the riot having been effectually put down on the evening of the 16th instant, on the afternoon of Saturday, the 18th instant, I was relieved of the command of the Department of the East by Major-General Dix, U. S. Volunteers, in virtue of orders of the President, dated the 15th instant.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[In the copy of this report addressed to Major-General Halleck, occurs the following note:] It is proper to remark that the cavalry on Wednesday morning dispersed the mob with howitzers in West Thirty-second street, when 28 of the rioters were known to be killed, besides the wounded. Colonel Mott lost 7 killed and 20 wounded. In the evening, the buildings in the neighborhood of Gramercy Park were reported to be in danger, and I ordered the cavalry to that place, supported by Captain Putnam, Twelfth U. S. Infantry, and Captain Browning. Captain Putnam with his company having arrived at the scene of action, was fired upon by the mob, when he entered the houses in search of rioters, kill many of them, and arrested many of the ringleaders. Having driven the rioters out of their houses, he pursued them up the avenue, and finally dispersed them in all directions. The mob did not again assemble, and there was no more fighting after Captain Putnam`s gallant action. During the night of the 16th and 17th, I ordered a reconnaissance of the infected district, to prevent effectually the reassembling of any of the rioters, in the course of which were found under a heap of manure, and under beds, some 60 new breech-loading carbines and 10 revolvers, as reported. Thus ended the riot, and we have had no trouble or difficulty since.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST, New York City, July 13, 1863.

Rear-Admiral HIRAM PAULDING:

SIR: There is a riot in this city, in opposition to the draft, which threatens to be quite serious. I have ordered all the troops in the forts in this harbor to report to Colonel Nugent, acting assistant provost-marshal-general, Numbers 106 Leonard street, New York City, but in all they amount to only a small band. Can you not furnish us with a company or more of marines for that purpose? By aiding us at this moment, you will confer a favor on the city authorities as well as myself.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

