HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST, New York City, July 13, 1863.

Colonel G. LOOMIS, commanding Governor`s Island:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you send immediately to this city for special service all the troops, regulars and volunteers, that you now have under your command, to report to Colonel Robert Nugent, acting assistant provost-marshal-general, Numbers 106 Leonard street. The men will have 40 rounds of ammunition each with their arms. By command of Major-General Wool:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST, New York, July 13, 1863.

Rear-Admiral PAULDING:

SIR: I hope you will able to furnish a small armed steamer, to guard the arsenal on Governor`s Island, as required within by Major [Robert A.] Wainwright. I have ordered all the troops on Governor`s Island to this city. Furnish such a steamer, if you possibly can. If you cannot send a steamer, send your sailors, which you mentioned to my aide-decamp, to the island, with howitzers.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST, New York City, July 13, 1863. Commanding Officer, Fort Hamilton:

SIR: The major-general commanding directs that you will order Lieutenant [Charles O.] Wood forthwith to embark for this city, and the whole of his company, excepting a guard for the prisoners at Fort Lafayette, on board of the steamer that will be sent for that purpose, the object being to suppress a riot in opposition to the draft. The men will have their arms, and 40 rounds of ammunition each. On his arrival in this city, he will report for orders to Colonel R. Nugent acting assistant provost-marshal-general, Numbers 106 Leonard street. You will immediately notify the commanding officer at Fort Richmond, and direct him to furnish a platoon of men from his company, for the same purpose, to be sent to this city in the same steamer that carries the troops from Fort Hamilton to report to Colonel Nugent.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 13, 1863-9. 15 p. m.

Major-General WOOL, New York City:

SIR: It is reported that a mob has destroyed the provost-marshal`s office in Third avenue. It is expected that you will protect the pro-

