
chase a fox. I mention this to indicate to you that the spirit of mob is loose, and all parts of the city pervaded. The Tribune office has been attacked by a reconnoitering party, and partially sacked. A strong body of police repulsed the assailants, but another attack in force is threatened. The telegraph is especially sought for destruction. One office has been burned by the rioters, and several others compelled to close. The main office is shut, and the business transferred to Jersey City. In brief, the city of New York is to-night at the mercy of a mob, whether organized or improvised, I am unable to say. As far as I can learn, the firemen and military companies sympathize too closely with the draft resistance movement to be relied upon for the extinguishment of fires or the restoration of order. It is to be hoped that to-morrow will open upon a brighter prospect than is promised tonight.

Respectfully,

E. S. SANFORD.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 14, 1863-1 a. m.

EDWARD S. SANFORD, New York:

SIR: Your telegram of 9. 30 just received. Please report to me immediately-1st. Whether any and what military force has been called out or employed by the city authorities or the drafting officers. 2d. What amount of injury has been done, so far as you know, to persons and to property. 3d. What measures, if any, have been taken by military or police authority to quell the riot.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NEW YORK, July 14, 1863.

SIR: It was impossible to answer your questions fully. I gave you such information as I could get at headquarters. Several conflicts have taken place to-day, with more serious results than those of yesterday, which were principally confined on the side of the police to severe injuries. Three arsenals were attacked to-day by the rioters. At two points they were repulsed. At the third they were successful, and obtained possession of the arms, which were recaptured by the marines and regulars. This morning nearly all the manufactories were visited by delegations from the rioters, who compelled the men to stop work. This adds to the number and somewhat to the strength of the mob. The mayor has turned over his power and forces to Governor Seymour, who is about issuing a proclamation. Have sent to headquarters for statement of facts, as far as known, and will forward immediately on reception. An immense crowd has gathered around the Evening Post office since I commenced this message. As yet they are undemonstrative. General Wool`s message has arrived, but it gives no further information. Will try my own resources. My opinion is

