
draft. No details of the situation were received. I find it impossible to get any definite information from newspaper offices, police stations, or headquarters, of affairs here.

E. S. SANFORD.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 14, 1863-6. 20 p. m.

Major E. S. SANFORD, New York:

SIR: The Government will be able to stand the test, even if there should be a riot and mob in every ward of every city. The retreat of Lee`s army, now in a rout and utterly broken, will leave an ample force at the disposal of the Government.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NEW YORK, July 14, 1863. (Received 8. 40 p. m.)

SIR: We are expecting momentarily that our Southern wires will be cut, as the rioters are at work in their immediate neighborhood. It seems very important for the United States Government to define its position immediately in this city, if not done immediately, the opportunity will be lost. Governor Seymour has been sent for to come here immediately, and he is on his way. The police so far report themselves as having been successful in every fight, of which they have had many, but they say they are exhausted, and cannot much longer sustain the un equal contest. Not less than 10, 000 good native soldiers ought to be here this moment to restore and enforce order.

E. S. SANFORD. Honorable

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NEW YORK, July 15, 1863. (Received 3 p. m.)

SIR: Have just returned from headquarters. Saw General Wool and Governor Seymour. The latter informed me that he had heard of organizations at Newark and Jersey City to prevent the passage of troops, and requested me to inform the Seventh Regiment. I learn from Philadelphia that this regiment will not reach there till 4 o`clock, which will make it due here about to-morrow morning. There does not seem to be any one here who is attending to these matters. Some one should superintend the transportation. If troops are to come in any numbers, all the equipments of the roads should be put on the Amboy line, which can be easily guarded, and boats enough sent from here to Amboy. The troops can land from on board boats at any desired point, and under cover of gunboats, if necessary. The situation does not appear to me to improve. There are indi-

