
WASHINGTON, D. C., July 16, 1863.

Colonel ROBERT NUGENT,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General, New York:

COLONEL: It is stated that the detachment of the Invalid Corps, under charge of Lieutenant [Montgomery S.] Reed, which was sent to quell the mob in New York, fired blank cartridges. The Provost-Marshal-General directs that you investigate this matter thoroughly, and report whether the statement is correct; and, if so, whether Lieutenant Reed gave orders to the men under his command to fire blank cartridges.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY STONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR, Numbers 48.
PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL`S OFFICE, Washington, July 17, 1863.

The operations of the draft lately ordered in the New England and Middle States, though in most instances completed, or now in progress without opposition, have, in one or two cities, been temporarily interrupted. Provost-marshals are informed that no orders have been issued countermanding the draft. Adequate force has been ordered by the Government to the points where the proceedings have been interrupted. Provost-marshals will be sustained by the military forces of the country in enforcing the draft, in accordance with the laws at the United States, and will proceed to execute the orders heretofore given for draft as rapidly as shall be practicable, by aid of the military forces ordered to co-operate with and protect them.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 18, 1863-9. 05 p. m.

Colonel ROBERT NUGENT,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General, New York:

SIR: Send back at once to Newark, N. J., the company of Invalid Corps taken from there and sent to New York three days ago. See General Canby on the subject, if necessary, but send the company at once to report back to the provost-marshal at Newark,

N. J. JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

Numbers 4. Reports of Colonel Robert Nugent, Sixty-ninth New York Infantry, Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

NEW YORK, July 14, 1863. (Received 11 a. m.)

SIR: The mob, some 10, 000 strong, burned yesterday the offices of the marshals of the ninth, eighth, and fifth districts. So far, the

