
pack up all their available effects, thereby being prepared to leave in case of an emergency. In fact, quite a number at the time of our visit had already and were still removing whatever they deemed the most valuable. On Monday evening, about the hour of 7. 15 p. m., a large crowd assembled on Fourth avenue and Eighty-sixth street, numbering nearly 1, 000 persons, men and boys. They first proceeded to the house of Colonel Nugent, in Eighty-sixth street, near Fourth avenue, which they completely destroyed inside, pitching light and available articles into the street, which were mostly appropriated to the private use of whoever happened to get them. The crowd only spared the building from the lighted torch on account of a foreman of one of the fire companies having property next door to Colonel Nugent`s residence, and in which he, the foreman, lived.

NEW YORK, July 15, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the occurrences which have taken place since my last communication. Early on Monday morning, I received intelligence that opposition was to be made to the further progress of the drawing in the ninth district. I immediately got ready all the available force at my disposal, consisting of about 70 men of the Invalid Corps, First Battalion, and ordered 25 men, under command of Lieutenant Reed, to proceed at once to headquarters ninth district, and 25 more, under Captain Labier, to proceed to the State Arsenal, corner Thirty-fifth street and Seventh avenue, in the vicinity of headquarters eighth district; Captain [Benjamin F.] Manierre, who was also to commence drawing that morning, to be in readiness in case any resistance should be offered. The balance were held in reserve at the barracks. I then proceeded to the police headquarters, and found that 40 men had been already dispatched to each of the above headquarters. At my suggestion, this force was largely increased. I then called upon Major-General Wool, and advising him of my apprehensions, he at once issued orders, directing all the troops that could be spared from the different stations in the harbor should be sent as soon as possible to the city, and report to me at my headquarters. I then called upon General Sandford, commanding First Division State troops, and, upon consultation, it was decided to send all the troops, as fast as they reported, to the State Arsenal as a general rendezvous, from whence they might be dispatched to any section where they would be most needed, besides protecting the large amount of arms, ammunition, &amp;c., contained in the building, which, once in hands of the mob, would have rendered them perfectly uncontrollable. Captain [Charles E.] Jenkins, in the ninth district, commenced the drawing, and had drawn about 100 names, when the rioters, who had previously marched through the streets and impressed every one into their ranks, willingly or otherwise, and who at this time numbered several thousand, made an attack upon the house with bricks and stones, beat off the policemen, and, breaking the doors and windows, rushed inside, driving every one before them. Captain Jenkins and his assistants were compelled to fly, not, however, until they had secured everything of value, and placed them in the safe, excepting about 100 ballots left in the wheel.

