
earnestly solicited me to publish your telegram in relation to the suspension of the draft, to which I would not consent; but as they considered that it would have the effect of allaying the excitement to have the fact made known, I did so over my own signature. The notice is hereby attached, as it has appeared in almost every daily paper in the city.

I have already advised you up to last night of the proceedings of the mob. Nothing has been done by it to-day worthy of special mention. Apparently everything is quiet, but it is the opinion of well-informed persons that this state of things will not last long, but that the scenes of violence which have disgraced the city during Monday and Tuesday may be renewed at any moment. I trust that the Government will use every effort to enforce the draft; but to do so will require a few days` time and a force of at least 15, 000 men. We have now got about one-third of that number, and I presume the balance can be furnished without materially weakening the force operating against the other rebels in the South.

When you see fit to order a renewal of the draft, please notify me a few days beforehand, so that I may be in condition to take one district at a time, and finish it up before commencing another. The different district marshals, whose books, lists, &amp;c., have been sent to Governor`s Island for safe-keeping, have been notified by me to proceed there at once, and complete their arrangements for drafting.

It is well, also, that you should be aware that so far as the protecting of the public property in my possession, and of my own life and the lives of those attached to my office, I am utterly powerless. Major-General Wool has seen fit to place Brigadier General Harvey Brown in command of all the United States forces, including the Invalid Corps. Major-General Sandford has control of the militia, and, of course, the Metropolitan police force is under the orders of the police commissioners.

Though it is a well-known fact that the hostility of the mob has been directed against me personally, and against this office, though threats of the most diabolical kind have been made against my lite, I am unable at this moment to procure a guard for the protection of this office against even ordinary danger. It is a very delicate matter to complain of officers intrusted by the authorities with high responsibility, but I cannot help saying that the confusion, vacillation, and conflict of orders which exist among the general officers of the regular, volunteer, and militia force at present in this city, have the effect of encouraging the rioters and lessening the confidence of the public in the Administration. It cannot be denied that orders have been issued and in part executed with anything but military clearness and precision, and although subordinate officers have evinced the best possible disposition to suppress the riot, they have been so annoyed and perplexed by conflicting orders that half of their efficiency is destroyed. To enforce the draft properly, as I said before, we must have a force of at least 15, 000 men, under the command of some decisive, energetic officer, who is neither afraid nor ashamed to execute it.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT NUGENT,

Colonel Sixty-ninth N. Y. Vols.,

and A. A. P. M. G. Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

