
[Inclosure.]

THE DRAFT SUSPENDED.

NEW YORK, July 15, 1863.

The draft has been suspended in New York City and Brooklyn.

ROBERT NUGENT,

Colonel, and Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

NEW YORK, July 17, 1863.

(Received 8. 45 p. m.)

SIR: There has been no new demonstration by the mob to-day. So far, everything is quiet, as I learn from the police authorities whom I have just seen, 8 p. m.

ROBERT NUGENT,

Colonel, and Acting Assistant-Provost-Marshal-General.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

NEW YORK, July 18, 1863.

SIR: On the 16th instant I had the honor of informing you, by two separate communications, as to the state of affairs in this city and neighborhood, relative to the draft. Yesterday and to-day, up to the time of writing, this city has been comparatively quiet, but I cannot tell at what moment the riot may break out with redoubled violence.

The authorities in Washington do not seem able or willing to comprehend the magnitude of the opposition to the Government which exists in New York. There is no doubt but that most, if not all, of the Democratic politicians are at the bottom of this riot, and that the rioters themselves include not only the thieves and gamblers that infest this metropolis, but nearly every one of the vast Democratic majority, which has so constantly been thrown at every election against the Administration. When you consider the depraved and desperate character of those men, and their hostility to President Lincoln`s Government, stimulated as it is by inflammatory harangues in the newspapers and on the public highways, and by the copious supply of liquor, you will easily appreciate the difficulties of enforcing the draft. As I said before, it will require at least 15, 000 armed men to enforce it, and these men must be placed under the absolute control of some energetic and zealous officer. I do not hesitate to say that the moment the draft is resumed, more than one-half of the laboring portion of our population will rise in opposition against its execution, and that it will require an adequate force and a decisive executive to subdue them. No reliance can be placed upon the Governor of the State; very little on the militia, who are now returning home, and who are ordered to report to Governor Seymour. Our only dependence must be on the regular army and the volunteers, who are independent of State control. Should any conflict between the Federal and State authorities occur, and it is not unlikely that it should, Seymour will most certainly side with the State, and would bring with him most of the militia. If I were permitted to offer a suggestion to the Executive, I would advise the

