
proclamation of martial law, and the presence of an adequate force here, before any steps are taken to enforce the draft. From what I have learned and from what I knew of Governor Seymour, as well as from the substance and tone of his speeches. I am convinced that little or no reliance can be placed on the loyalty of Governor Seymour, and I would caution the Administration against placing any reliance whatever on his professions.

If the New York mob is to be subdued and the law of the United States carried out, it must be done by Federal officers, and by means entirely under the direction of the General Government.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT NUGENT,

Colonel Sixty-ninth N. Y. Vols.,

and A. A. P. M. G. Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

Numbers 5. Report of Captain Joel B. Erhardt, Provost-Marshal.

NEW YORK, July 14, 1863.

SIR: I would most respectfully suggest that a sufficient force be allowed to protect these headquarters and the Government property under my control. The mob is not subdued, but dispersed. They are flushed with the victories of yesterday. They have fired the provost-marshals` headquarters of the fifth, eighth, and ninth districts, and leveled them to the ground; they threaten me to-night, and the rest that are untouched; they pressed me last night, and had I not hired from a private storehouse 40 muskets, and made cartridges, which I placed in the hands of my enrollers, keeping them all the night, this morning my building would have been burned with the others. I have but 4 rounds of ammunition, the men unused to muskets, and ignorant of the first principles of drilling. I have repeatedly asked for a small force of only 4 or 6 men from Colonel Nugent, assistant provost-marshal general of this city, and have never been able to obtain one yet. I would most respectfully impress [on you] the necessity of granting to me one company of regulars, that I may be able to better fulfill my duties as marshal; confident with such a force I can prevent any trouble in my district, for promptness, energy, and decision are the only requisite preventives to trouble of this kind, the absence of which in this city I am forced to believe has at least fanned the flames anew again.

Very respectfully,

JOEL B. ERHARDT,

Captain, and Provost-Marshal, Fourth District.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

Numbers 6. Report of Captain Stephen B. Gregory, Provost-Marshal.

BROOKLYN, July 16, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, not being prepared to resist an attack from such mobs as now rule in New York City, on

