
Numbers 8. Report of Captain Benjamin F. Manierre, Provost-Marshal.

NEW YORK,

July 14, 1863.

COLONEL: I have to report that, by direction of Colonel Nugent, I commenced the draft for the eighth district. After drawing 216 names, I received information that Captain Jenkins` headquarters were fired by the mob, and that all of his papers had been destroyed. After consultation with members of the board, I ordered the draft to be postponed until this morning. This took place at 11. 30 a. m., alter securing the enrollment blanks, ballots, &amp;c. The mob paid a visit to my quarters, and set fire to the buildings, destroying all the property belonging to the Government. The clothing was stored a few doors above my quarters, and that was also burned up. I have saved nothing but the enrollment sheets and ballots. All my papers have been lost. I shall be prepared to make the draft when ordered, and hope it will not be long delayed. I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

B. F. MANIERRE,

Provost-Marshal, Eighth District, New York.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

Numbers 9. Report of Samuel J. Glassey, Deputy Provost-Marshal.

NEW YORK, July 13, 1863-3 p. m.

(Received 4. 30 p. m.)

SIR: A mob, estimated at from 10, 000 to 30, 000 men, has assailed and destroyed the office of the provost-marshal for the ninth district. The guard was completely routed, and many injured. General Wool has ordered into the city all available forces, but they will not exceed 500 men of all kinds; not more than 200 regulars. The mob threatened the destruction of all Government offices. I have sent all the enrollment papers to Governor`s Island. The demonstration is extremely dangerous. I respectfully suggest that a force sufficient to quell the mob be immediately sent to me, as nearly all the effective militia regiments are absent, and those remaining here cannot be relied upon. Colonel Nugent is now at the scene of disturbance.

SAMUEL J. GLASSEY,

Deputy Provost-Marshal.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

Numbers 10. Report of Major General Harmanus B. Duryea, commanding Second Division, New York State National Guard.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, N. Y. S. M.,Brooklyn, January 20, 1864.

SIR: In pursuance of orders from the commander-in-chief to report in detail the services rendered by the forces under my command

