
the principal points of the city by the shortest lines. Immediately prior to the drawing of names in Brooklyn, five regiments of United States troops reported to me, by order of General Canby, for location at important points in Kings County, and were posted as follows: One near Carroll Park, in South Brooklyn; two at Washington Park, Fort Greene, and two at East New York. The camping grounds were pleasantly and conveniently located, and the position of the troops was such as to attain most readily and perfectly all the objects which the authorities had in view. These regiments were from the Army of the Potomac, and the behavior of the officers and men was such as to induce the ladies of the localities where the camps were established to give to the soldiers a handsome entertainment before their departure.

On the 7th of September, the regiments of this command were dismissed from duty by the police commissioners, with the exception of guards at the arsenal and armories, which guards were continued until the 19th of September, and then dismissed by order of the police commissioners.

The whole of the force under my command was on all occasions prompt and attentive to duty, and although the service was at times really very arduous, and attended with much loss and inconvenience, it was always pleasantly and faithfully performed.

H. B. DURYEA,

Major-General, Comdg. Second Division, N. Y. S. N. G.

General J. T. SPRAGUE,

Adjutant-General, State of New York.

Numbers 11. Miscellaneous Reports, Correspondence, &amp;c.
SPECIAL ORDERS, Numbers 109. ** HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST,New York, July 11, 1863.

*****

III. Colonel Thaddeus P. Mott, Fourteenth Regiment New York Volunteer Cavalry, will, until further orders, delay his departure for New Orleans with his command, and report to these headquarters for duty in this city during the present emergency, it being in a state of insurrection.

By command of Major-General Wool:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW YORK, July 13, 1863-5. 30 p. m.

(Received 7. 40 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: It would, I think, be well to give such public information regarding the draft as to show that it was perfectly fair, and that each locality was called upon by the Government only for its just proportion.

