
This would have a good influence on matters in New York. I would also suggest the propriety of having it understood that camps of instruction, certainly in each of the large and perhaps in all the States, were to be established, and the men now drafted are to form for the present reserve corps. It is well to adopt all reasonable precaution.

E. D. MORGAN. WASHINGTON, D. C., July 13, 1863.

Major-General SANDFORD, Tryon Row, New York:

SIR: I am sure you will act decidedly. Look out for the arsenal. Two hundred men will arrive from Albany to-morrow, in the morning boat; put them in the arsenal, or as many as are necessary.

JOHN T. SPRAGUE,

Adjutant-General.

NEW YORK CITY, July 13, 1863.

(Received 7. 30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: The national draft has been resisted in this city to-day. A riot has ensued. It threatens to be serious. A block of buildings has been burned, including a provost-marshal`s office. We have but little military force to suppress it.

GEO. OPDYKE,

Mayor.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington,

July 14, 1863-10 a. m.

His Excellency [Ex-] Governor MORGAN,

New York City:

SIR: Your telegram of last evening has just reached me. Its valuable suggestions will be adopted as fully as the necessities of the service will admit. While it is the design of the Government to prepare the drafted men by camp instruction in their respective States before sending them to the field, there may be exigencies of sudden invasion that would require immediate service. On this and other important points I will be glad to confer with you by letter, if there should not be an early opportunity for personal conference. In the meantime, I thank you for the suggestions you have made, and for any others that may occur to you.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

July 14, 1863-10. 45 a. m.

Major-General SANDFORD,

Tryon Row, New York:

SIR: Can you tell me anything of matters in New York? I am anxious about the arsenal. Did you receive my telegram of yesterday? 58 R R-VOL XXVII, PT II

