
32-pounders, and mounted in their places seven of the 100-pounder rifle guns; the remaining three were, I trust, mounted yesterday and to day.

1 p. m. - I have just received a messenger from the fortification steam transport. She had been so far repaired yesterday as to leave the Thirtieth street landing, and proceed to her regular berth at the foot of Christopher street (North River). From thence she was driven by the threats of the mob to destroy the adjacent Jersey ferry (by which troops reach the city); went to the opposite shore, where she remained last night, and is again this morning, at 11 a. m., at her regular berth, completing her repairs.

2 p. m. -Mr. Cocroft has just reported to me from Fort Richmond. The ten 100-pounders are all mounted in Fort Lafayette. Colonel Burke is there with a guard only, the company under Captain [Charles O.] Wood having been sent to this city. The company under Captain [Walter S.] Franklin, from Fort Richmond, &amp;c., has also been sent to the city, the post being now in charge of a Captain [William] Church, with about 50 men of New York State militia. Mr. Cocroft informs me the post was threatened last night, and some attempts made to disarm the residents in that neighborhood. Captain Church has removed his command within Fort Richmond, in the magazines of which all the powder is stored. Mr. Cocroft and Mr. Clarence Delafield organized a small force last night to co-operate with Captain Church. I have directed them to go to the extent of the arms at command.

I will apprise General Wool of the importance of sending additional troops to the harbor ports so soon as he may have any at command. Up to this hour, 2. 30 p. m., I regret to say that, from all I can learn, we have not as yet overcome resistance to authority, and that we cannot probably do so until some fresh troops reach the city.

RICH`D DELAFIELD,

U. S. Corps of Engineers.

DES MOINES, IOWA, July 15, 1863.

(Received 2. 40 p. m.)

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

SIR: Suspension of draft in New York, as suggested by Governor Seymour, will result disastrously in Iowa.

[Signed by] W. F. H. Garley, United States attorney; H. M. Hoxie, United States marshal; S. Sibley, United States commissioner; W. G. Woodward, clerk of the United States circuit court; S. O. Brownell, J. M. Cornish, John P. Finley, board of enrollment, fifth district, Iowa; F. W. Palmer, State printer, and Thos. F. Withrow, chairman Republican State central committee.

PHILADELPHIA, July 15, 1863.

(Received 2. 35 p. m.)

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

SIR: Albert Gallatin Thorp informed me that Seymour is well controlled beyond safe limits. Why hesitate?

ROBT. A. MAXWELL,

1032 Chestnut Street.

