
[JULY 15, 1863]-4. 20 p. m.

Honorable HENRY J. RAYMOND,

New York:

SIR: The draft in New York was suspended by mob force, which rendered its execution for the moment impossible. No directions have been given respecting it beyond the period when order shall be restored.

F. W. SEWARD.

SPECIAL ORDERS, Numbers 111. HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST, New York City, July 15, 1863.

I. Colonel Hamilton and Colonel Schuyler will proceed with a company of the Sixty-eighth Regiment, and a section of artillery, which will accompany it, to Wall street, and station the guns with the two mountain howitzers in the vicinity, in position to protect most effectually the sub-treasury, banks, &amp;c., taking care to give instructions to the several commanders in regard to the position of the gunboats stationed in the East River, and to make frequent reconnaissances to observe the movements of the rioters, instructing those engaged in reconnaissances to report promptly any movements they may discover.

II. Captain [De Witt] Clinton will proceed to Center Market, and instruct the commanding officer of the Sixty-fifth New York State Militia, and the commanding officer of the artillery attached thereto, to remain at that place, and hold himself subject to the orders of Bvt. Brigadier General Harvey Brown.

III. Brigadier General Charles C. Dodge will furnish a guard of 30 men (including one sergeant and one corporal), to report without delay to the major-general commanding.

IV. The two companies of Corning Light Cavalry, now encamped upon Riker`s Island, will report immediately to Bvt. Brigadier General Harvey Brown, at the office of the Metropolitan police, No. 300 Mulberry street, New York City. The troops on their way from Riker`s Island will stop at Governor`s Island, and receive their arms and ammunition.

V. Brevet Brigadier-General Brown will furnish a company of infantry, say, 100 men, for protection of the works of the Manhattan Gas Company, in order that it may proceed in the manufacture of gas, and not leave the city in darkness. This is desired both by the Governor and the major-general commanding. The men to report to Mr. [Joseph A.] Sabbaton, engineer of the company, at the works, corner of Fourteenth street and Avenue C.

VI. Colonel Byrne, Seventeenth New York Cavalry, will send two companies, as soon as mustered in the service, to Govenor`s Island, where arms will be furnished.

VII. The commanding officer at the Park barracks will render all assistance in his power to aid the officers commanding the battery stationed in front of the City Hall, in guarding his guns and keeping the park clear of crowds.

VIII. Colonel [Marshall] Lefferts, Seventh New York State Militia, will, if possible, land at the foot of Canal street, and [march] from thence to the Saint Nicholas Hotel, when he receives orders and gets something to eat at the armory of the regiment.

IX. Captain [Silas] Crispin, United States ordnance officer, will furnish Lieutenant-Colonel Rutherford with arms and ammunition

