
GENERAL ORDERS, Numbers 1. HDQRS. U. S. TROOPS IN CITY AND HARBOR,

New York City, July 17, 1863.

Under the authority of instructions from the Secretary of War, and the order of the major-general commanding the Department of the East, the undersigned hereby assumes the command of the United States troops in the city and harbor of New York.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, Numbers 3. HDQRS. U. S. TROOPS IN CITY AND HARBOR,

New York City, July 17, 1863.

The commanders of detachments of United States troops in this city are informed that the meeting at the house of Archbishop Hughes is intended to help order and law. They will be careful not to molest persons passing to and from it, and to pay no attention to harsh, words, only interfering when actual force or violence occurs.

By order of Brigadier-General Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, No. 114. HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST,New York, July 18, 1863.

I. Brigadier-General Canby, commanding the city and defenses of New York, will direct the marines and sailors furnished by Admiral Paulding to aid in suppressing the riot, to return to the Brooklyn navy-yard and report to the admiral. He will also direct the return of the troops detailed from Governor`s Island for temporary duty in this city, to return to their post, and relieve the company from West Point, which will return to that station, and report to the superintendent. The troops belonging to Forts Hamilton, Lafayette, Richmond, Wood, and Schuyler will likewise be relieved from duty in this city, and returned to their respective posts.

II. Brigadier-General Canby will order the return to the United States general hospital at Newark, N. J., of the company of invalids, under command of Captain Graham, recently sent to this city, for the purpose of aiding in suppressing the riot.

III. Phillip B. Marsh, esq., will proceed to Fort Warren, Boston Harbor, and bring to this city, Sutton, a prisoner in Fort Warren, and report him to Judge Pierrepont, the attorney and counsellor in the case of the steamer Tubal Cain and cargo, for the United States.

IV. Colonel Dimick, or the commanding officer of Fort Warren, Boston Harbor, will deliver to P. B. Marsh, esq., Sutton, a prisoner confined in the fort, for the purpose of bringing him to this city for a special purpose.

V. Colonel Dimick will also discharge the prisoners, Michael Murphy and Patrick Welch, deserters from the rebel army, on their taking the oath of allegiance; also R. S. Parker, on parole, on his taking the oath of allegiance.

By command of Major-General Wool:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

