
NEW YORK, July 19, 1863-11 p. m.

(Received July 20, 12. 25 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

SIR: The city has been quiet during the day, and the reports are all favorable. Disturbances are apprehended in the neighboring towns, but measures are being taken to meet them.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, July 19, 1863.

Brigadier General E. R. S. CANBY,

New York City:

GENERAL: I have from Colonel R. C. Buchanan, acting assistant provost-marshal-general of New Jersey, evidence which seems to be conclusive that organizations are formed or forming in nearly all the districts in New Jersey to resist the draft. The lives and property of the officers in that State acting under this bureau are threatened. There is no military force in the State to resist this opposition.

I have ordered Colonel Buchanan not to attempt the draft at present, and even in the ordinary business of the bureau to be rather yielding than otherwise until we are strong enough to go straight through.

In New York City I have directed Colonel Nugent, acting assistant provost-marshal-general, to be in readiness to proceed with the draft as soon as he is ordered to resume it.

I request that you will inform me when you think the military is in readiness to sustain me effectually in carrying out the vital measures of the Government. I shall order the draft in but one district at a time in the city unless you think it will be safe to attempt more. I solicit your views on this point.

In Troy the draft was commenced, and suspended in consequence of the mob. In Albany and Buffalo the threatening of the mob renders the commencement of the draft at this time injudicious. The same is the case in some of the smaller cities in the State of New York. My opinion is that under present circumstances it will be best to resume and complete the draft in the city of New York at the earliest moment at which you deem it practicable; then to send force enough to draft in Albany; then to Troy, and so westward. Please give me your views on these points, and let me know when to give orders to resume the draft.

I am, &amp;c.,

JAMES B. FRY.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. U. S. TROOPS IN CITY AND HARBOR,

New York, July 19, 1863.

The commanders of regiments of the New York State militia whose period of muster into the service of the United States has expired, will report for instructions to His Excellency the Governor of the State, and in person to the major-general commanding the division to which they belong.

By order of Brigadier-General Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

