
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

MECHANICS AND FARMERS` BANK,

Albany, July 16, 1863.

Honorable WM. H. SEWARD:

MY DEAR SIR: I have written a letter to Governor Chase on the subject of the draft, and have asked him to bring it to the notice of the President and Cabinet. Please give it your attention, and do not allow us unnecessarily to be divided and cutting each other`s throats. Victory has crowned and is crowning our arms, and the Government can afford a graceful act at this critical moment. I congratulate you on our triumphs.

Yours, truly,

T. H. OLCOTT.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

ONONDAGA WALLEY, N. Y.,

July 15, 1863.

Honorable WN. H. SEWARD:

MY FRIEND: Yours of July 7 is received; "but woe" comes upon my country at this present time, and I must forbear excepting to say what I think for the benefit of the country. As I have been through the rural districts of this State, and talked freely with the" bone and sinew, " I have found them, with but two exceptions (and I caused them to be arrested), loyal and true to the existing Government, and utterly opposed to a change. The chief thing I would impress upon your mind is this, that the "bone and sinew" are more with you than with some other departments of Government, though I have seen no person to say aught of Father Abraham. In regard to this late and to be deplored catastrophe at New York City, I must say the masses will sustain the Government, but they say that the conscription act was made rather to protect the rich than the poor, and that is all the complaint in any wise made. To support the Government, I am certain the masses are true to the heart, and that they will stand by you and our President in your efforts to rebuild and establish our common country. If you need assistance, so far as men or means are concerned, you must telegraph (not through New York City, but up into Central New York), and I will fulfill all your commands to the extent of 10, 000 reliable men, and those who are not disaffected with any concern in the conscription act. If worse comes to worse, and you need money or "bone and sinew, " let me know, and I will speedily come to your relief at any place you may designate. I have seen several of our Syracuse bank friends, and they assure me that the Government shall in no case money and means to sustain the Government. Let me hear from you by telegraph at Syracuse, N. Y. (not by New York City), and know I have yet a country, and if you personally need any assistance, let me know, and to the extent of my ability you and the country shall be sustained.

Very truly, thy friend,

WM. P. FORMAN.

