
[Inclosure No. 5.]

WILKES BARRE, PA.,

[July -, 1863.]

Honorable WM. H. SEWARD:

DEAR SIR: I address you in pencil-mark, because I cannot see to use ink, and this is my apology. I feel a great interest in the success of the draft, because through this means the Government can raise a sufficient army to crush the rebellion in the South. If the draft cannot be carried out, then the Union must be dissolved unless prevented by the present army and navy. I write to you, sir, for the purpose of stating the true feeling of the people in this part of Pennsylvania. The general sentiment is, that unless the National Government enforces the law promptly in New York City, punishing the leaders of the rioters, the draft cannot succeed anywhere. The National Government must manifest its power promptly and with great energy in New York, or all is lost. We will have revolution and bloodshed throughout the North. There is an armed organization in this Luzerne County, to resist the draft, which will be powerless provided the National power is successfully displayed in New York. I pray that the Administration will stand firm; enforce the draft, and punish rebels in New York, and this example will save bloodshed and the Union. Depend upon it, sir, the draft cannot be enforced in this county if the Administration compromises with the rebels in New York. The loyal men here will not sustain the draft unless it is enforced in New York.

Yours, truly,

STEWART PEARCE.

[Inclosure No. 6.]

ROCHESTER, July 17, 1863.

Honorable WM. H. SEWARD:

DEAR SIR: Rumor says the draft in the city of New York is suspended, and Governor Seymour intimates that it will not be resumed, and tells the people (the mob) that it is unnecessary; that volunteers can be obtained to answer the call without it. This is not to be credited, yet the mere possibility that it may be so should call out a universal remonstrance. If it were certain that no more men will be wanted, the draft in the city of New York should not be stopped at this time, upon the demand of the most barbarous, degraded, and beastly mob that ever disgraced any city. Governor Seymour must be mad or crazy to even suggest it. His love of power and desire for votes would not in his calmer moments, if not lost to reason, induce him to recommend a concession which would insure mob rule and make New York a hell, and the most formidable seat of the rebellion. I will not presume to prompt you to resist the discontinuance of the draft, as I am sure you fully appreciate the evil consequences of it, and the lasting disgrace it would impose upon our country and its Government to succumb to mob rule. Already the devils that make mobs (and they are numerous in this city) are loud in their declarations that the draft is ended in New York, and will be resisted if attempted here. Stop the draft in New York, and I doubt if it can be enforced in any city in the State. Here it is certain a mob would

