
resist, be the consequences what they may. Enforce it in New York, and resistance to it is ended elsewhere. The Union portion of the country is mourning in sackcloth and ashes at the escape of Lee and his army into Virginia. The defeat of Hooker at Chancellorsville was a small disappointment compared to it. The country was becoming impatient at Meade`s delay in attacking Lee, but assurances came daily from letter-writers on the spot that General Meade was master of the situation, and held the rebels within his grasp; that they could not escape. When they did, the disappointment was such that if the President had cut off the official head of General Meade, and thrown his corps commanders that opposed the attack into the Potomac, there would have been general rejoicing. The general has omitted the tide that would have led him to fortune; it will require many victories to place him in public estimation where he stood at the close of the battle of Gettysburg. O that we had a general equal to the occasion, to lead the noble Army of the Potomac to reap, as it would, an immortal renown! The escape of Lee is a Godsend to the Democracy, making them more loud in their glorification of McClellan. With sentiments of high consideration, I am, your obedient servant,

THOMAS J. PATTERSON.

[Inclosure Numbers 7.]

NEWTON, N. J., July 18, 1863.

Honorable WM. H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State:

DEAR SIR: I have learned this week much in relation to the state of affairs in New Jersey concerning the draft, which I deem it my duty to communicate through you to the Government, to the end that we may be spared the horrors of the New York riots. On Monday last I went with my family to visit some friends in Trenton; returned yesterday, spending two days in Trenton; also visiting Elizabeth City, Newark, and Orange, seeing intelligent persons from other parts of the State, and have had abundant opportunities to learn facts, which I beg leave to lay before you. In many parts of the State, especially in the cities and towns along the railroads and in the mining districts, there are large numbers of Irish, and I am convinced that they are organized in every part of the State to resist the draft, many of them armed, and the arming for this purpose has not been confined to them. I get my information from so many independent sources of information that I cannot doubt it. I know that in this town, and in other parts of this county and the adjacent county of Morris, among the iron and zinc mines, they are organized and armed. In this town several loyal citizens, both Democrats and Republicans, have been threatened with personal violence, and the destruction of their houses and stores. To produce this state of things, our Copperhead leaders have been engaged in holding meetings, beginning last March in Trenton, and extending to every part of the State, addressed by such men as Wall, Chauncey Burr, Tharin, Fernando Wood, and others of the same stamp, inflaming in every possible way the prejudices and passions of the people, and preparing their minds for an uprising at the concerted signal. We have had at least twelve such meetings in this county, one large one in this town, attended certainly by over 1, 500,

