
and the others at night in the different townships. We have also in the State some of the worst papers in the country; the two worst here and at Newark. The minds of the poor, even of Republicans, are terribly inflamed by the $300 clause in the enrolling act, the objections to which certainly have much force. A rich man, who without this might have had to pay $l, 000 or $2, 000, or more, for a substitute, can now get off for $300, and the poor, and those in middling circumstances, say they ought to have been left to make their own bargains, for they could have procured substitutes for less than $300. You can readily perceive how demagogues use this to inflame the poorer and ignorant classes. The clause was well meant, but in my judgment is an unfortunate mistake. Should the attempt be made at this juncture to enforce the draft in New Jersey, you may be sure it will be met by a widespread and organized resistance. The police force of the State is of very little account, and we have but few organized regiments or companies of militia, and some of them are mainly composed of Copperheads. And, what is worse, while our Governor means right, and I believe earnestly desires the suppression of the rebellion, yet he lacks the nerve and decision necessary for such a crisis, and is so hampered by party ties and associations that he could not be relied on to do his whole duty. I am satisfied of this from a conversation with him last Wednesday, at Trenton. I am convinced that in this county we cannot now enforce the draft, and the attempt would result in sad scenes of havoc and bloodshed, and am persuaded that the same is true of many other counties. I forgot to mention one of the most mischievous clamors raised by demagogues-that the Government has never officially announced the whole number to be drafted nor the quota of the different States and districts, and that the officers give no public notice of the time and place of the drawing, which gives demagogues an opportunity to say that the whole thing is managed in a secret Star Chamber way; that men are purposely kept in ignorance till they receive notice of being drafted, and that the quotas are unfairly apportioned, so as to favor Republican districts. Cannot these last objections be removed, and deprive the malignants of some of their weapons? I earnestly desire the enforcement of the draft, as well for its present absolute necessity to crush speedily the rebellion as to settle for all time that we have a Government capable of defending itself, and in March last spent a good deal of time in writing for the New York Observer and papers of New Jersey to sustain the constitutionality of the law, and enforce the duty of obeying that and all other laws till properly adjudged to be unconstitutional, one of which articles, I believe that in the Observer, I sent you; but in view of the present state of affairs, I would respectfully but most earnestly solicit that for the present the draft be suspended in New Jersey until it is first thoroughly enforced in New York. Meanwhile, let the Government assemble at New York City a force sufficiently powerful to overawe opposition, resume the draft there, and, if resistance be attempted, put it down with such energy and severity as in the end will prove true mercy there and elsewhere. The effect will be to silence opposition in New Jersey and other infected districts, and, meanwhile, loyal men in such places can be preparing for the emergency, and, should it arise, they can be sus-

