
just now, when all or so many are at "fever heat, " is a matter to be well thought over. If the combatants would agree to go over on the Swartwout meadows, and measure strength there, and not among our homes, the most of them but glass-houses, too, it would not be so important. I don`t see for my part what Government needs of a draft at this time, seeing that we can get volunteers enough to checkmate the enemy, now so signally on the back track. Order McClellan to the field, and more men would follow him at once than a draft would gather in a month. I have no more doubt of his entire loyalty than I have of his popularity or his practical service and intelligence. I would do almost anything to avoid a real mob row here or a conflict of authority. There is no telling of the real injury that would come to all interests should a big riot occur here in this city at this time; it might, in its effect and influences, even reach the financial ability of the Treasury, if not immediately, at least at some awkward period. In a word, it would be wise, in my judgment, to put off the draft till any month which has an "r" in it; then the scamps begin to appreciate the comfort of a house, but in hot weather they do not; they would rather be in the street, and prefer a row to "nothing to do. " As for the rebellion, we have only now to secure Charleston and Mobile, and then let the "C. S. A. " fools "stew in their own gravy; " and in a brief period that Government will be as difficult to find as the source of the Nile has been, and, perhaps, of as little practical value after being found. I say thus much, however, with all deference to sounder judgment, for, as Saint Paul said, "I speak as a fool. " "The boys and the frogs" story is not without its point, and, should we have a real "bang-up" row here, a great many "old frogs" may ask to address "the boys:" To you, no doubt, these are pleasant stones, (So they would be to us frogs, You d-d young good-for-nothing dogs), But they are so hard they break our bones! Matters stand now remarkably well, and I am sure would continue thus till September, if not unnecessarily disturbed. I would not let the "Copperheads" have a chance to avail themselves of the heat of July or August to disturb matters. Nothing would disappoint them more than to "put off the draft. " This is my sincere conviction, and as such I submit it. Your friend and obedient servant,

CH. A. DAVIS [?].

[Inclosure Numbers 9.]

NEW YORK, July 18, 1863.

Honorable WM. H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State:

MY DEAR GOVERNOR: We have had a week of trouble and apprehension in this city. I think the trouble is now over. The plea of the discontents is, on the surface, the draft. At its bottom, however, in my opinion, the discontent will be found in what the misguided people imagine to be a disposition on the part of a few here and elsewhere to make black labor equal to white labor, and put both on the same equality, with the difference that black labor shall have local

