
patronage over the toil of the white man. I have no opinion of my own to express on the subject. The guilty parties are not those who have figured in our streets as agents in the destruction of life and property; but there is behind the scene a latent purpose to stimulate them, originating with men whose patriotism would signify the overthrow of the legitimate Government under which we live, instead of struggling for the salvation of the country. Yesterday I gathered what they call the mob around me, and spoke to them. There were many things which I did not mention, because it was not the proper time or place. I had been authorized from very reputable sources to state that the draft was suspended in New York and Brooklyn. I did not make any such statement, because if the law on that score was just, the Executive is bound to carry it out. But I would say to you now, that if it can be, let the actual prosecution of the draft, I will not say be suspended, but baffled about at headquarters for fifteen or twenty days. One day yes, another day no, a third day not quite decided, until the people of this city, so numerous and so liable to excitement, shall have had time to reflect. I should be glad, and I am not even without hope, that its rigid execution may not be necessary for the preservation of the Union. Matters in the South and Southwest have been going on so prosperously for the Administration that I think the civil war is virtually, though not actually, at an end. But any measures harsher than the dignity of our President`s office requires, would be very untimely just now in our city. Let the draft not be given up, but let it be baffled for a couple of weeks, and I have no apprehensions as to the result. I remain, as ever, my dear Governor, your devoted friend and servant,

+JOHN,

Archbishop of Now York.

NEW YORK CITY,

July 20, 1863-1 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

SIR: I am pressed for troops in New Jersey and Connecticut to enforce the draft. At Hartford there is danger, as the Governor informs me, of an attack on the arsenal, in which there is a large amount of property. One regiment will suffice for both exigencies, if it be in the service of the Government.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, July 21, 1863-3 p. m.

Major-General DIX,

New York:

SIR: The only point from which troops can now be withdrawn is from your former department; and, as you retained there only such as you deemed absolutely necessary, I think you will agree that it would be unsafe to do so.

It is believed that, with proper exertions, a sufficient local force can be raised to enforce the draft in the New England States.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

