
Question . What position did you occupy during the retreat? Answer. After I got everything under way, I galloped toward the head of the column to see how things were being disposed of in the front. It was dark. I was getting up pretty well to the front when the attack commenced. General Elliott filed off his brigade to the left. I filed off to the right, in order to form a line of battle. I got to the rear of Elliott's brigade about time the last regiment was leaving the road. I charged with the men I had into the woods, and while they were fighting, brought regiment, the Eighteenth Connecticut, to their support. We fought them about an hour there.

Question. How many pieces of artillery were abandoned?

Answer. Twenty-four pieces (three field batteries, four 20-pounders Parrotts, and two 24-pounder howitzers) in all.

Question . Was the retreat of your command from Winchester made in good order?

Answer. As a good as possible. We did not throw out markers or dress outlines. We halted repeatedly to bring up stragglers. We had a rear guard, but there was some straggling in spite of all we could do. I paid more attention to the rear and flank A large portion of the troops did not come through under me. Among these were the One hundred and sixteenth Ohio and Twelfth Virginia Infantry, and two regiments of cavalry and a large number of stragglers . The shelling of the enemy frightened the horses, and caused confusion, and these men got off too far to the left, and took the road to Hancock. About 3, 000 went through on this road. Some off my staff came in by Hancock. Captain Z. Baird, Captain Palmer, Lieutenant McCracken, Major Cravens, and Captain McDonald, were with me. My quartermaster went through with the horses toward Hancock, and my chief engineer.

Question. In your opinion, were any officers at fault for the straggling that occurred in the retreat?

Answer. I blamed Colonel McReynolds some. I never received a report from him. My staff officers were unable to find him. I never could account for his brigade becoming scattered. Those with me acted were well. They obeyed my orders.

Question. When first attacked, how many pieces of artillery had you; how much ammunition for artillery and for small-arms; how many days' provision for men and forage for animals, and what means had you for procuring water?

Answer. About 300 rounds per gun of artillery ammunition, and from 200 to 300 rounds per man of small ammunition. I had, when the fight commenced . less than five days's provisions and five days' forage . There was a stream along the base of a hill, a good well near the main fort, and cisterns in each fort inaccessible to the enemy's fire . We had a covered way to pass to the water. The well was just opposite the main fort.

Question . How much ammunition for artillery and for small-arms remained on hand when the evacuation was ordered?

Answer. There was an average of 25 or 30 rounds per gun of artillery ammunition left when the firing ceased on Sunday night, and an average of 100 rounds per man of small ammunition.

Question. What was the number of your killed and wounded at the time the evacuation was ordered?

Answer. I have had no official reports . I suppose 200 would cover the killed and wounded. Our loss in all the fighting, in killed and wounded, would be covered by 500.

Question. Were they abandoned or brought off?

Answer. All abandoned, but left in the hospital with the surgeons, except on Monday morning, when we had to leave them on the field, a superior force of the enemy having driven us from the field.

