
While deploring the great loss to the service in his death, it is hoped the example of his determined bravery may ever be remembered and followed by us all. This command has also to mourn the loss of the brave and faithful Captain Dennis Delaney, of the First Virginia Cavalry, and the 9 brave men who with him have met death in their country`s service. Their names shall not be forgotten. Justice demands that the gallant Colonel Powell, severely wounded at Wytheville, should not be included even by implication in the discredit which attaches to the Second Virginia Cavalry. His soldierly qualifications are too well known to need mention in this command; but the painful circumstances to which reference has been made require an especial notice of his name. The present brigade commander is also enjoined to publish, in orders, the names of such officers and soldiers of the Second Virginia Cavalry as took part in the conflict at Wytheville. To Lieutenant-Colonel Franklin, who succeeded to the command of the Third Brigade, thanks are especially due for gallantry, and for the skill with which he brought back his command over mountains through which all passes were blockaded and guarded by superior numbers of the enemy, whom he defeated with heavy loss when assailed.

By command of Brigadier General E. P. Scammon:

[JAS. L. BOTSFORD,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Freeman E. Franklin, Thirty-fourth Ohio Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.

FAYETTEVILLE, July 23, 1863.

SIR: Your dispatch was received about the time I had my distressed command encamped at this place.

I have the honor to report as follows: On the 17th, we found a rebel company in Abb`s Valley, all of whom we captured excepting one. That one gave information to General Williams (at Saltville) of our approach, which news they possessed at least twelve hours before we could reach Wytheville. Consequently they were better prepared than had been anticipated. On the evening of the 18th, our column arrived in the neighborhood of Wytheville. Colonel Toland immediately sent two companies to the railroad, 10 miles west of the town, to destroy the track and wires. It was then his intention to divide the balance of his force, one part for the bridge, the other for Wytheville; but, for the want of a guide, he could not do that. He therefore marched his whole remaining force on Wytheville, intending immediately afterward to march on the bridge. But the town was occupied by about 500 troops, concealed in the houses, besides two pieces of artillery. The contest, of the most obstinate hand-to-hand fighting, lasted about one and one-half hours. We, however, carried the town by storm and with a perfect rush. The principle among the rebels seemed to be "no quarter, " and we took them on their own principle for a time, until they were entirely subdued, and as the soldiers, citizens, and

