
even women fired from their houses, both public and private, we burned the town to ashes. Colonel Toland was killed within the first ten minutes of the action. Colonel Powell was dangerously wounded, even before that.

We had 3 commissioned officers killed and 4 wounded. Of enlisted men, we lost in killed, 14; wounded, 26; missing, 10, and prisoners, 28. By the time the action was over and I had rallied my men, the enemy had received 700 re-enforcements in our front, and 300 cavalry in our rear, besides which there was a regiment of infantry and a battery of artillery at the Long Bridge. We therefore concluded, under the circumstances, it would be madness to attempt anything more, excepting the destruction of a large culvert east of the town, which we effected. The loss of the enemy in killed was estimated at 75; the number of wounded unknown. We took 86 prisoners, besides 35 at Abb`s Valley. At daylight Sunday morning [19th], we commenced our return march. Before noon, we had to take to the mountains, and continue in them all the way to Raleigh, through the most incredible hardships and hunger, both of horses and men. Sunday afternoon we were attacked in the rear, which continued until night, and was renewed and continued all the next day with increased vigor, with no serious injury to us, but with very heavy loss to the enemy. Particulars at the earliest possible moment by mail.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

F. E. FRANKLIN.

Captain

J. L. BOTSFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Major John J. Hoffman, Second West Virginia Cavalry.

CAMP PIATT, W. VA.,

July 27, 1863.

SIR: Monday p. m., July 13, seven companies of the Second Regiment, [West] Virginia Volunteer Cavalry, B, C, D, E, F, H, and I, 365 men, all told, under the command of Colonel William H. Powell, with Major McMahan and myself, crossed the river at camp, and joined the Thirty-fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry (mounted), under Colonel John T. Toland, commanding the brigade. The entire command marched up Coal River 50 miles, without meeting with any incident worthy of notice until Tuesday evening [14th]. While attempting to cross Piney Creek at Spangler`s Mills, east of Raleigh some 4 miles, Company C (Captain Allen), being the advance guard, was fired into by a party of rebels lying in ambush across the stream, and 1 killed and 4 wounded, one of whom has since died. Immediately afterward we were ordered to fall back to the Wyoming pike, and there await the train with forage and rations. In the extreme darkness of the night and on the worst of roads, the command became separated, and a portion bivouacked in the woods until daylight, while the remainder went to Raleigh, and we met again about noon the next day at Harper`s, some 10 miles from Raleigh. The whole command then marched toward Oceana Court-House,

