
By the Judge-Advocate:

Question. Do you know of any of your wounded being abandoned who could have ridden off?

Answer. I do not. By the Court:

Question. Who gave the order for the evacuation ; how was it given and how distributed among your command?

Answer. We held a council of war at about 11 o'clock with the brigade commanders. I gave the brigade commanders verbal instructions personally. There were no other orders issued . We were without lights.,

Question. Who gave the order for the abandonment of the artillery? Did any of the artillery commanders ask to be permitted to bring off their gung?

Answer. The whole arrangement was agreed upon in council of war, and tho instructions given by me to the brigade commanders . Colonel McReynolds wanted to bring away a section of Captain Alexander's battery. I told him it would jeopardize the safety of the whole command if he undertook to do so. I think I afterward gave him permission to do so, but told him of the great risk. It was not tried.

Question . Did your order the artillery harness to be destroyed or abandoned?

Answer. I ordered it to be destroyed, if it could be, without fire.

Question. What induced you abandon stores? Had you reason to believe that the enemy occupied the roads leading to Martinsburg or Charleston; and was the railroad between Winchester and Harper's ferry in running order? Were you short of animals and wagons? Answer. That it answered in my report . Because we were surrounded on all sides, and if we moved a wagon, it would create an alarm. The railroad had been destroyed last summer. We had plenty of animals and wagons.

Question. How long were you moving from Winchester to Harper's Ferry with your troops?

Answer. About eleven hours.

Question Did all your troops get in by that time?

Answer. No; some did get in so soon. The Sixth Maryland came in about 4 o'clock.

Question . Did your order the wagons harness to be destroyed? Answer. I ordered them to be injured as much as possible without firing them.

Question. Had you been informed that Stuart was apparently intending to make a raid in your direction? If so, by whom were you so informed?

Answer. I received that information from a citizen and from scouts and spies. Such rumors prevailed from the 1st of June. I received no information of the kind from the General-in-Chief or General Schenck.

Question. Did you receive any telegrams from the General-in-Chief to General Schenck?

Answer. I received one from General Schenck, of the date of 11th of June. (Dispatch from general -in-Chief to General Schenck, of June 11, 1863, shown witness.) This is the one.

Question. Since you wrote report, have you learned anything

