
The enemy started from Camp Piatt, on the Kanawha River, passing up Lenn's Creek to its source, and over to Big Coal, at the mouth of Short Creek; thence up Coal to the mouth of the Marsh Fork; thence up Marsh Fork to the marshes of Coal. They then crossed over to the Clear Fork of Guyandotte River; thence down the same to Wyoming Court-House; thence across the country to the Big Fork of Guyandotte River, at the mouth of Indian Creek; thence up Indian Creek to its head, and then over Indian Ridge to the Tug Fork of Sandy; thence up the Tug Fork to Abb's Valley, a distance of 135 miles. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General SAMUEL JONES.

Commanding Department of Western Virginia.

ADDENDA.

WYTHEVILLE, April 10, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States,

(Through Major-General Breckinridge):

SIR: I inclose you copies of a correspondence between Major General Samuel Jones and myself, which I hope you will read, and then cause to be filed in the War Office, that some record may be preserved of the services of my command in East Tennessee. General Jones has failed to send any report of those services, but this correspondence, while it furnished only a meager account, gives the reasons of his failure to do so, and shows also why, after raising two brigades of troops for the Confederate service, I am not to-day in command of a single soldier.

The reckless and gratuitous statements of Colonel McCausland in reference to the Wytheville raid take their whole importance from the indorsement given them by Major-General Jones, who knew that my entire command consisted of the Sixty-third Virginia Regiment at Altville, a body of recruits under Colonel Peters at the mouth of Laurel Creek, 7 miles from Saltville, and the squads of recruits under May and Morris in Tazewell Country, 12 miles west of the Court-House. I have, therefore, thought proper to send the statements of Colonel Bowen, and Captains Peyton, Ruffner, and Everett. I have written by you with the fullest confidence in your justice. Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

WYTHEVILLE, VA., February 25, 1864.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Dublin Depot, Va.:

GENERAL: Several gentleman have recently informed me that in conversation with them you had expressed much regret that I should have been misled into a belief that you entertained feelings of un kindness toward me. I have been gratified to hear this disclaimer; but, in justice to myself, you will allow me to recite the principal circumstances which have induced this belief, and which, taken as a whole, have at times greatly exasperated me, trusting that you may

