
[Inclosure No. 7.]

ABINGDON, April 10, 1864.

I am a captain in the cavalry brigade formerly commanded by Colonel Hodge; was with my command in Russell County, Va., about 12 miles west of Liberty Hill, Tazewell County, on the morning of July 18 last, when General Williams sent a courier to Major Holladay, with a written request that the whole of Hodge's command should at once join him lat Liberty Hill. Major Holladay obeyed the orders of Colonel Hodge and General Preston, and fell back in the direction of Lebanon. I am satisfied that if we had gone directly to General Williams when his request reached us, he would have captured the whole of the Yankee raiders. We went first to Saltville, about 65 miles out of our way, and arrived at Liberty Hill about 4 o'clock Sunday evening, the 19th. Only about 125 of our battalion went to Liberty Hill; the remainder of our battalion were ordered to Pikeville, Ky., to reconnoiter. The remainder of Hodge's brigade were ordered toward Glade Spring. With this small force, General Williams started immediately to intercept the enemy, but it was after midnight when he reached the route taken by them, and it was found that the Yankees had crossed out somewhere before we arrived. It was impossible for General Williams to have displayed more energy than he did. Our horses had come about 80 miles, and were completely broken down. We attacked the enemy's rear nest morning, and forced them to abandon a number of negroes and beef-cattle they had stolen, and continued the pursuit to Flat Top Mountain. I have read the reports of General Williams and Colonel McCausland, and can say that the report of General Williams is a clear and correct statement of what occurred, while that of the latter is incorrect in every particular in which he attempts to throw the blame of a failure to capture the Yankees upon General Williams or Colonel May. The only cavalry force under General Williams was some raw recruits under Colonels May and Morris, who were getting up new regiments from Kentucky and the border counties of West Virginia, and these new troops under Colonel May had gone in pursuit of the Yankees toward Wytheville, and did not come up with us until we arrived in Abb's Valley.

I am, respectfully,

P. M. EVERETT,

Captain Company B, First Kentucky Mounted Rifles.

[Inclosure No. 8.]

SMYTH COUNTY, VA.,

April 6, 1864.

I have read the report of Brigadier General John S. Williams in regard to the raid upon Wytheville, in July, 1863, bearing date Saltville, July 24, 1863, addressed to Major General Samuel Jones, Dublin, Va. ; and also the report of Colonel John McCausland, commanding Fourth Brigade, Army of Western Virginia, of July 30, 1863. The report of General Williams is a true narrative of his operations during the raid. I am personally cognizant of all the facts, having been with General Williams in the capacity of acting assistant adjutant-general, his staff being at Saltville and General Williams in Tazewell at the time he received information of the raid. General

