
On arriving in Burke's Garden, I found Colonel May, who ordered me to accompany him. After a short delay, he received intelligence that the enemy was moving toward the gap in the mountain above Crabtree's. We arrived at this road only in time to see their rear guard pass. After crossing the mountain, our advance guard charged the enemy's rear, and drove them upon the mein column. Upon arriving at Dill's, Colonel May called on me to charge the enemy. In the charge, we captured 7 of the enemy and 1 negro. We remained here until about 1 a. m., when we crossed the mountain, and pursued them into abb's Valley, where we came up with General Williams, with Peters' battalion, skirmishing with the enemy's rear. I suppose there were 300 men in his (Peters') battalion, and probably 200 in rear, under command of Colonel May. If they had any means of ascertaining which road they intended to come, the troops could have been posted so as to make them surrender or abandon the idea of passing through Abb's Valley.

Respectfully submitted.

H. BOWEN,

Captain Company H, Eighth Virginia Cavalry.

Colonel JOHN McCAUSLAND,

Commanding, &amp;c.

JULY 18-24, 1863. -Expedition from New Berne to Tarborough and Rocky Mount, N. C.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

July 20, 1863. -Skirmishes at Tarborough and Sparta.

21, 1863. -Skirmish at Street's Ferry.

22, 1863. -Skirmish at Scupperton.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Major General John G. Foster, U. S. Army, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina.

Numbers 2. -Brigadier General Edward E. Potter, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.

Numbers 3. -Colonel James Jourdan, One hundred and fifty-eighth New York Infantry, commanding brigade.

Numbers 4. -Major Ferris Jacobs. jr., Third New York Cavalry.

Numbers 5. - Major George W. Cole, Third New York Cavalry.

Numbers 6. -Major Floyd Clarkson, Twelfth New York Cavalry.

Numbers 7. -Brigadier General M. W. Ransom, C. S. Army.

Numbers 8. -Colonel S. L. Fremont, chief engineer and superintendent Wilmington and Weldon Railroad.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General John G. Foster, U. S. Army, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina.

NEW BERNE, N. C., July 24, 1863.

Via FORT MONROE, VA., July 25.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the cavalry raid, having for its object the destruction of the railroad bridge at Rocky Mount, has returned, completely successful.

