
by taking a very intricate path through a plantation. This path led to a "piney-woods road, " on which we marched all night, and at daybreak of the 21st reached the Snow Hill road, where we halted. At 8 a. m. the march was continued toward Snow Hill. When within 3 or 4 miles of that place, we turned to the southward, and at dusk charged into Scupperton, where two companies of Whitford's battalion were stationed. They fired a volley and ran. We captured a doyen prisoners here. Halting only long enough to relay planks of the bridge, we moved on through the night, and at noon of the 22nd arrived at Street's Ferry. From this point I dispatched messengers to Batchelder's Creek, with telegraphic dispatch for Nes Berne, asking for the pontoons, and some light-draught steamers. During the afternoon and evening, our outposts were repeatedly attacked by the enemy, who were as frequently repulsed. At midnight, the steamers with the pontoons arrived, and by 7 a. m. on the morning of the 23d, the bridge was completed. The command then commenced crossing the river, and marched by the Washington road to their respective camps. The contrabands, prisoners, and part of the captured horses were taken down the river by the steamers. The casualties were as follows:

Command	Killed	Wounded	Missing	Total

12th New York Cavalry	 2	 12 	 27	 41

3rd New York Cavalry	 --	 5	 8	 13

1st North Carolina	 --	 1	 1	 2

Artillery	 --	 1	 1	 2

Mixed	 --	 --	 6	 6

Total	 2	 19	 43	 64

I cannot close this report without making mention of the gallantry and good conduct of Lieutenant-Colonel Lewic, Third New York Cavalry, and of Majors Jacobs, Cole, and Clarkson, commanding battalions. Major Jacobs volunteered for the expedition to Rocky Mount, and did his work very thoroughly. Captain [George E.] Gouraud, aide-de-camp, Lieutenant [Francis U.] Farquhar, U. S. Engineers, and Lieutenant Jasper Myers, Ordnance Corps, all belonging to the staff of the commanding general, accompanied me, and rendered valuable assistance by their zeal, activity, and courage. The behavior of the officers and men of the command was excellent. They bore with cheerfulness the fatigue of long marches. and the loss of food, sleep, and rest. They displayed great dash and courage in all our encounters with the enemy.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD E. POPTTER,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

Lieutenant Colonel S. HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

