
termaster. From 15 to 25 contrabands followed the column to New Berne. By order of Brigadier General E. E. Potter, we commenced our homeward march at 4 p. m. on Monday, July 19, arriving at Fort Anderson at noon to-day (July 20).

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. JOURDAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major JOHN F. ANDERSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 4. Report of Major Ferris Jacobs, jr., Third New York Cavalry.

CAMP AT ROCKY RUN,

July 25, 1863.

COLONEL: Pursuant to your order, I assumed command of Companies A, E, G, L, D, and I, Third New York Cavalry, and have the honor to make the following report; I marched with the main column to Trenton on the 18th instant; thence to Sparta on the 19th, and, on the morning of the 20th, at 4 o'clock, moved, detached by order of Brigadier-General Potter, upon Rocky Mount, where I arrived without opposition or incident (excepting the capture of a second lieutenant of the Seventh Confederate Cavalry by Lieutenant Burke, commanding the advance platoon of the advance squadron, Companies A and E, under Captain Chamberlin) at 8. 30 a. m. The advance captured a train of cars, although in motion, upon which were 5 officers viz, 1 captain, 2 second lieutenants, 2 first lieutenants, and 10 privates. This train of cars, together with the depot, railroad, and telegraph offices; county bridge, 350 feet long; railroad bridge, and trestle-work attached, 750 feet long; cotton-mills, employing 150 white girls, built of stone and six stories high; one Government flouring mill (four stories); 1, 000 barrels of flour, and immense quantities of hard-tack (already manufactured staple cotton and manufactured goods filled the storerooms of the cotton factory); a machine-shop filled with war munitions; several / separate storehouses; three trains of Government wagons (one, 14 wagons; one, 11 wagons, and another, 12 wagons), loaded with all manner of stores and supplies, these latter being collected for burning [fell into our hands]. Several Confederate soldiers emerged, and became prisoners of war. The destruction of property was large and complete. At 11 a. m. I marched leisurely back toward Tarborough, burning large quantities of cotton and a train of 5 wagons on the way. Cotton destroyed exceeded 800 bales. At 4 p. m. I rejoined the rear guard of the main column at Tarborought, and moved directly to Sparta and Greenville, acting as rear guard until arriving in the vicinity of Snow Hill, when I took the advance. Moved into Scupperton, after a slight skirmish. No casualties. Private [Gideon F.] Blackman, of Company E, was blown up and badly burned at Rocky Mount, while extinguishing fire in the train of cars.

