
After passing the bridge at Scupperton, I kept the advance without incident worthy of remark until arriving at Street's Ferry, where, upon being attacked by the enemy, Companies A, E, I, and L were thrown out as skirmishers on the left, and became warmly engaged with the enemy's artillery and sharpshooters. Casualties, 2 wounded; 1 in the leg, musket ball; 1 in the shoulder, shell. These companies were under the immediate command of Captain Chamberlin, and did most excellent skirmish duty. The officers and men of my command, with few exceptions, performed their allotted duties with so much promptness and cheerfulness that it would appear invidious to discriminate in favor of any. But I cannot refrain from warmly commending the conduct of Private [George A.] White, Company A, who, at Rocky Mount, sprang from his horse, and, jumping upon a passenger train in motion, 8 miles from town, placed his revolver at the head of the engineer, reversed the engine, and brought back the train. He should be promptly rewarded by promotion. After passing Street's Ferry on the morning of the 24th, I arrived at this camp about 12 m.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. JACOBS, JR.,

Major Third N. Y. Cav., Comdg. 3rd Detachment on Expedition.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE W. LEWIS,

Commanding Cavalry Forces.

Numbers 5. Report of Major George W. Cole, Third New York Cavalry.

SEPTEMBER-, 1863.

COLONEL: BY your order, I crossed the Neuse River with my battalion, consisting of Companies B, C, K, M, F, and H, of the Third New York Cavalry, commanded by Captains Ebbs, Stearns, Lieutenant Gates, Lieutenant Greig, Lieutenant Benson, and Captain Willson, respectively, and proceeded in the advance to Swift Creek, where we bivouacked for the night of Saturday, July 18. On the morning of the 19th, I proceeded with my command, supporting the battalion of Major Jacobs, to Sparta without incident, excepting the assistance in destroying a picket station of the enemy at Four Corners. Here, on the morning of the 20th, I took the rear of the column, and proceeded to Tarborough without incident, and, on arriving. was ordered and proceeded to the depot, where I found and destroyed a large quality of cotton, several railroad cars, and some medical stores found in the depot, and where Captain Ebbs made a dash into the country, and captured a fine lot of mules and horses; also guarding the private property and the various roads. Having been thus employed a few hours, I received orders to cross the bridge and relieve Major Clarkson, who had been repulsed on the Plymouth road, which I immediately did, and found the enemy posted in a position on the plymouth road, flanked on their right by the river and on their left by an extensive and impenetrable swamp. To this point I pushed Company C, as dismounted skirmishers, with part of Companies H and F as mounted support in our rear on the road.

