
(all that were back), with mules, horsed, and wagons, gobbled up by the rebel squadron in our rear, and unable to come up. Some, however, the next morning escaped across the bridge and by swimming. About one-third or one-half the whole number of negroes and mules were lost at this place. On the 21st (?) we reached Swift Creek, and followed the column to Street's Ferry, where we were again attacked in our rear by cavalry, infantry, and a small piece of artillery, but not severely. About 7 o'clock, they commenced pressing on our rear very hard, and charged only the howitzer of Lieutenant Allis, who, with the support of Company K, severely repulsed them. Another piece of Allis' was about a mile in advance, posted to cover some cross-roads leading to Swift Creek earthworks and station and our camps. Company B was drawn up to support the rear gun, and about 8 o'clock the enemy opened on our position with a heavy rifled gun, and threw grape at our skirmishers, advancing his line, and making a desperate effort to press back our small force within shelling distance of our camp, at the same time shelling us with great rapidity and accuracy, excepting that the fuses were too long, and most of the shell exploding just beyond us. At this time a portion of our line of pickets came in from the right front, stating they had been so ordered. I immediately sent them back, and believe the order was given by one of the enemy, as we were closed up, in speaking distance. At this time, while they were pushing, I received notice our right flank was threatened, and so reported by messenger to General Potter. At this time it was that Edgar Taylor (and one other, he thinks) were made prisoners, near Allis, forward gun, about half way between us and our camp. He escaped nest morning. The enemy, finding our line immovable and invisible, hauled off about 12 o'clock, having been so close we could hear their every order distinctly, which, I think, saved us much loss, as they shot over us generally. I cannot mention the names of any, where every man behaved in this affair with such coolness and bravery. We rested as well as possible excepting Company B, which was kept in the saddle all night, to support our exposed howitzer, and counter-charge the enemy if he again charged, as we could hear them most of the night moving, chopping, &amp;c. On the morning of the 23d, we crossed the pontoons, and, embarking Companies Band C on the boats, arrive safely in New Berne, men and horses fatigued, but not injured, &c. The above is respectfully submitted.

GEO. W. COLE,

Major Third New York Cavalry.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE W. LEWIS.

Numbers 6. Report of Major Floyd Clarkson, Twelfth New York Cavalry.

NEW BERNE, N. C.,

July 24, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to present this my report of the operations of the second detachment of the expedition against Tar-

