
lost. Passing the rebel line, which was in a wood with but little underbrush, I rallied the men a quarter of a mile beyond. During this charge, Captain C. Church was wounded and thrown from his horse, Lieutenant Hubbard was severely wounded, and Lieutenant Mosher was found to be missing. Finding that most of the pistols were entirely discharged or incapable of being fired, I ordered sabers to be drawn, forming again a column of twos, and directed that they charge directly into the woods, and clean up the enemy, there not being over 40. This is a liberal estimate, as I carefully surveyed them as I charged with Captain Church's squadron. To add to my anxiety, Lieutenant Clark had charged down the road with the view of throwing in some canister, but, while in the act of going into battery, he was thrown from his horse by Company B, which had also charged, though without orders. Lieutenant Clark's battery received one volley, by which he lost his sergeant and 1 rider. Calling upon my men for a cheer, which was heartily given, the column charged with drawn sabers, but the fire they received probably turned the head of the column, and it did not enter the woods. I then directed the howitzer to move to the rear, and formed a rear guard to protect it, returning with my command. My loss in this charge was 3 commissioned officers wounded and prisoners, 2 enlisted men killed, 12 wounded, and 16 missing. Previous to this movement, I had detailed two squads to take possession of two steamboats just below the bridge. One, under the command of Lieutenant William Banta, jr., acting quartermaster of the detachment, boarded the Colonel Hill, and burned it. The other, under the command of Captain Emory Cummings, took possession of the Governor ---, and burned it. When the enemy, having brought up a piece of ordnance, opened fire upon us, while we were upon the north side of the Tar River, we were ordered to move across the bridge, through the town, and out upon the same road to Sparta by which we had entered. This we did in the same order as when we advanced. Shortly after we left Tarborough, Captain Stearns, Company C, of the Third Cavalry, reported to me with his company of carbineers, and was placed in the advance, supported by Company L, First North Carolina Union Volunteers, Lieutenant Graham. As we approached Tyson's Creek, our vedettes were fired upon by the enemy in ambush. Captain Stearns immediately deployed his company as dismounted skirmishers. I also dismounted 30 of Captain Cumming's squadron, Troop L, First North Carolina Union Volunteers, and sent them into the woods as skirmishers to cover the right flank; formed the balance of my command into columns of fours by squadrons, and retired them three times into the fields on the left of the road, to keep them out of range of the enemy's skirmishers. While in this formation, Captain Cummings had his horse fall, dead, having been shot in the forehead. I also dispatched. I also dispatched a request that a howitzer should be sent to me. In a short time, a section came up, and Lieutenant-Colonel Lewis took command of the skirmish. When we executed the flank movement around Greenville, my detachment was in the center, and so remained until the halt, a few miles from Swift Creek, when, the march being resumed, it was placed at the rear. In this order we continued until our arrival at the creek.

