
JULY 25, 1863 - Expedition to Gloucester Court-House, Va.

Report of Brig. General Isaac J. Wistar, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS,Yorktown, Va., July 26, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in pursuance of the annexed order (special Orders, No. 42), the troops named therein marched as directed, and returned last evening. They brought in 16 horses, a quantity of arms, 2 wagons, and harness, and a rebel mail-carrier, with his mail, just from Richmond. The former will be turned over to the quartermaster's department; the latter I have the honor to forward with this report. Forty rebel cavalry left Gloucester Court-House the evening previous to our arrival, being part of the force I was anxious to capture. They are now at King William Court-House and vicinity. No casualties.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. J. WISTAR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Numbers 42. Yorktown, Va., July 24, 1863.

Colonel Ripley, Ninth Vermont Volunteers, will embark his regiment on the gunboat Commodore Jones to-morrow morning, in time to sail from the lower quartermaster's wharf at 2 a. m. precisely, with one day's rations, canteens filled, and 40 rounds of ammunition. He will land about 4 a. m. at or near Cappahosack, and push forward immediately with six companies for Gloucester Court-House, and hence direct for Gloucester Point. The remaining four companies, under Lieutenant-Colonel Barney, will halt at or near the place of debarkation till such time as Colonel Ripley's column shall have reached Gloucester Court-House, allowing two hours for that purpose; after which Colonel Barney will march by the direct road to Gloucester Point. At 4 a. m., two squadrons of Second Massachusetts Cavalry, Captain Reed commanding, will march from Gloucester Point (with two ambulances) for Gloucester Court-House. At or near the latter place they will meet, and report to Colonel Ripley, who will be careful to move on the main roads for that purpose. All the localities passed over will be carefully examined by detachments for arms, horses, and guerrillas. All fire-arms, and all horses and mules fit for cavalry or quartermaster's use, will be captured, but none other. No pillaging or unnecessary injury to private persons or property will be permitted, and all officers are charged to prevent unauthorized straggling. The gunboat will drop slowly down York River, keeping as near as possible abreast of the troops. At 4 a. m., Colonel Keese, One hundred and eighteenth New York Infantry, will march from Gloucester Point with six companies of his own regiment and one section of Captain Fitch's Eighth New York Battery, and proceeded to the intersection of forks of the roads, leading on his left to Cappahosack, and on his right to Gloucester Court-House, where he will remain prepared to re-enforce the detach-

