
ments under Colonel Ripley or Lieutenant-Colonel Barney, until their arrival, when all will return together to Cloucester Point. Each detachment will march with the usual precautions of advance and rear guards and flankers. All men to whom the possession of military weapons or equipments can be traced will be arrested and brought in.

By command of Brigadier-General Wistar:

STEPHEN R. REYNOLDS,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 25-27, 1863. -Scout to Goose Creek, Va.

Report of Colonel Percy Wyndham, First New Jersey Cavalry.
HDQRS. CAVALRY FORCES DEPT., OF WASHINGTON,July 27, 1863.

COLONEL: Learning that a large number of horses and cattle which had been taken by the rebel authorities from the farmers in Virginia, were secreted on Lowe's Island, on the Upper Potomac, on the 25th instant I sent out a party of 60 men to capture them.

The commanding officer of the scouting party reports that, after crossing Difficult Run, he found that a party which had been sent out by Major [Ulysses] Doubleday had been to Lowe's Island. This induced him to abandon the idea of going to that place, and go to Leesburg. At Dranesville, he met and dispersed a party of Mosby's rebel cavalry. Again, between Broad Run and Goose Creek, he met and dispersed another party of Mosby's men. He captured 1 man named Benjamin Keene, belonging to Mosby's cavalry, and 3 horses. Goose Creek was so much swollen by the rains of the previous day that it was impossible to cross the creek. No enemy other than straggling parties were seen or heard of in this vicinity. It was reported that there were some 30 straggling rebel soldiers at Leesburg. The creek being in this condition, he deemed it advisable to return to camp. He arrived here this a. m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. WYNDHAM,

Colonel.

Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff.

JULY 25-31, 1863. -Expedition from New Berne to Winton, and skirmish (26th) at Potecasi Creek, N. C.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Major General John G. Foster, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. -Colonel Josiah Pickett, Twenty-fifth Massachusetts Infantry.

Numbers l. Report of Major General John G. Foster, U. S. Army.

NEW BERNE, N. C., July 28, 1863.

GENERAL: Referring to my telegram of this date, I have the honor to report that I arrived at Winton on Sunday morning, July 26,

