
and at once landed some infantry, attacked, and took possession of the bridge over the creek on the road to Weldon. The enemy in small force were forced to retreat too hastily to seriously damage the bridge. Their camp I took possession of. The cavalry, under Colonel Spear, I expected to find at this point (Winton), but they did not arrive until Monday morning, and, owing to the destruction by storm of my substitutes for a pontoon bridge, were obliged to be crossed in steamers. These unfortunate delays may somewhat interfere with the success of the raid; but I hope that at one of the three designated points they will be able to accomplish their purpose. From observations, I have made up my mind that the allowance of horses for pieces and caissons of light batteries is not large enough to enable batteries to keep up with cavalry on a move. I think an additional pair of horses should be attached to both piece and caisson, and that the cannoneers should be mounted. I have, therefore, directed requisitions to be made out for sufficient horses to mount two batteries, one at Fort Monroe and one at New Berne. I respectfully request that you will order the requisitions to be honored.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Josiah Pickett, Twenty-fifth Massachusetts Infantry.

NEW BERNE, N. C., August 1, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Twenty-fifth Regiment in the late expedition to Winton, N. C.: In accordance with Special Orders, dated July 24, 1863, I left my camp in this city at 4, 30 on the morning of the 25th, with four companies of my regiment, and embarked on board of the steamer Colonel Rucker. We left New Berne at 6 a. m. ; arrived and disembarked at Winton at 3. 15 p. m. Sunday, 26th, and went into bivouac on the banks of the Chowan River. On the 28th, Companies E and A, under command of Captain O'Neil, went to Colerain, 20 miles distant from Winton. At 1 a. m. of the 29th they returned, bringing with them 33 horses and --- mules, a number of carriages, &amp;c. On the 29th, detachments of Companies G and H, under command of Captain Harrington, were sent out 10 miles upon the Colerain road, to bring in cotton. They returned upon the 30th, bringing in 12 bales of cotton, 20 horses and mules, and a number of carriages, harness, &c. Neither of these parties met with any commissary stores; everything in that line had been removed by the enemy from where it was expected they would be found. Thursday, 31st, at 10 p. m., we embarked on board the steamer

