
Utica, having in charge 66 prisoners, including 3 commissioned officers, arriving at New Berne at 4 a. m. August 1, the prisoners were turned over to the provost-marshal, and, with my command, I returned to my camp in this city. The forces under my command numbered 218 enlisted men, 9 line officers, and 3 field and staff officers, making an aggregate of 230.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant.

JOSIAH PICKETT,

Colonel, Commanding Twenty-fifth Massachusetts Regiment.

Captain WILLIAM H. ABEL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 25-AUGUST 3, 1863. -Expedition from Portsmouth, Va., to Jackson. N. C., and skirmish July 28.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Major General John G. Foster, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. -Major Samuel Wetherell, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Numbers 3. -Colonel Benjamin F. Onderdonk, First New York Mounted Rifles. Numbers 4. -Brigadier General Matt. W. Ramson, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General John G. Forster, U. S. Army.

FORT MONROE, VA.,

August 1, 1863-3 p. m.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the cavalry raid toward Weldon has returned unsuccessful. The delay of the cavalry in reaching the Chowan, and the delay in crossing them, owing to the loss of my pontoon bridge by storm on the Soud, gave the enemy too much notice, and Colonel Spear found a brigade of infantry and a large force of artillery, under command of Brigadier-General Ransom, strongly posted at a defile near Jackson. He reports the position as too strong to force, so, after a brief artillery duel, the column returned. The infantry sent from New Berne to Winton, to act as a support and cover, have returned to New Berne. I shall start the operation as soon as the horses are in condition. For your information, I have the honor to say that the George Peabody left Beaufort for Charleston on the evening of the 29th, with 500 of Wild's brigade on board. The balance went by the way of Hatteras, and all were at sea, excepting two vessels, which would sail at daylight to-day. From here about 2, 500 men have gone, and the remaining 1, 000 will be sent as soon as transportation can be obtained. These troops-about 5, 500 men-are all I can send with safety, but, if you deem it necessary, I can withdraw from certain points now held, and send the forces used to hold them.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

