
engagement, in the midst of a terrific storm, which seemed to put an end to the fight on both sides. I received orders near night to cover the withdrawal of the artillery, which was done. Arriving at Jackson, took the advance to the mill, 6 miles this side, and encamped. During the engagement, although our men were exposed to grape and canister, shell and musketry, we had none killed or wounded, excepting a few horses. It was reported to me by an officer of the First New York Mounted Rifles, that 10 men of Company C had been left behind, drunk, in Jackson. Upon investigation, I found the report to be incorrect, although a few of Company C's men lost their way, but rejoined the column early in the morning.

July 29. -Left bivouac at 8 a. m., regiment in rear, Captain John B. Loomis commanding the rear guard. Battalion was ordered to burn the mill bridge and causeway bridges. While so engaged, Private James Currance, Company A, First New York Mounted Rifles, was brought to him by the caterer of my mess, Dennis Riley, Company D, who, with one or two others, caught Currance in the act of committing a rape upon an od woman sixty years of the men who was detailed to tie him. Captain Loomis will prefer charges. At the cross-roads, while waiting for Captain Loomis to report, a council of officers was called, orders read, and it was unanimously the opinion that the enemy had been expecting us for some days, and preparations made to render success at Jackson and Hixford impossible. Captain R. B. Ward, in command of Companies D and C, was detached to convey prisoners and captured horses by way of Reich Square to Winton. March resumed on Captain Loomis' reporting the destruction of the bridges, and we arrived at Murfreesborough, where we bivouacked.

July 30. -Left Murfreesborough in advance at 9 a. m. Previous to starting, received orders to turn over to Colonel Onderdonk prisoner James Currance, of Company A, with his arms, &amp;c. ; turned him over to Sergeant Fauthorne, of Company A, who receipted for him. Arrived at Winton at 1 p. m. By order, Captain R. B. Ward appointed acting brigade provost-marshal, and 49 horses and mules captured by Lieutenants Nimmon and Palmer, besides a number of wagons, carts, and buggies, turned over to him. Captain ward also reported 9 horses and mules captured by himself only the march from Murfreesborough to Winton, via Reich Square, making in all 58 horses and mules captured on the raid in North Carolina, Beyond the Chowan, by the Eleventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry, as well as 2 commissioned officers and 30 enlisted men of Wheeler's battalion (rebel), and 6 citizens and 3 servants. Crossed the Chowan on transports, and bivouacked at the Somerton and Gatesville forks, 4 miles from the river.

July 31. -As numerous complaints of the conduct of stragglers have been made, and a disposition [manifested] on the part of the Mounted Rifles to shield their own offenders by laying the blame on this regiment, I appointed Lieutenant Titus, with 1 sergeant, 2 corporals, and 2 men from each company (24 men), to march on the flank of the regiment, with orders to arrest any man who left the column during the march, and at the regular halts to arrest every enlisted man who left the ranks with his horse without my pass. This was

