
Done not only to keep stragglers in, but to shield the regiment from the illegal acts of others. Left bivouac at 10 a. m., regiment in rear. Delayed on the march several hours, in consequence of broken bridges the other side of Buckland. Arrived at Reynoldson at dark, and bivouacked on the ground of the Chowan Institute.

August 1. -By order, detached 400 men, under Major F. A. Stratton, consisting of Companies E, G, I, F, D, K, and L, and Sergeant [Stewart B.] Shannon, with one howitzer, for a reconnaissance to South Quay and Franklin. They left at 7 a. m. I proceeded with the balance of the regiment in advance, via Somerton, to the Leesville fork, at Dr. Corbin's, and bivouacked on Smith's farm in the morning. Lieutenant McFarlan, Company B, was detailed to capture horses, as 38 men were walking.

August 2. -Left Corbin's at 9 a. m., in rear, through Suffolk, when Me. J. B. Norfleet reported to me that one private, Higgins, First New York Mounted Rifles, had stolen his mule, On reporting the theft to Major Wheelan, he assured me that the mule had been sent back. Major Stratton rejoined the command at Burchard's Mills. His report is respectfully submitted. This side of the Sleep Hole Forks, a lady reported to me that her house had been plundered by the regiment in advance, and sought redress. Arrived at Bowers' Hill about dark. *

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

SAM. WETHERELL,

Major Eleventh Pennsylvania Vol. Cav., Comdg. Regiment.

Colonel S. P. SPEAR,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel Benjamin F. Onderdonk, First New York Mounted Rifles.

PORTSMOUTH, VA.,

August 4, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that, in pursuance of instructions previously received, I marched my command to Bowers' Hill on the morning of the 25th of July. At 8. 30 a. m. took up the line of march in the direction of Suffolk, my regiment in advance. Bivouacked at Cypress Creek before sunset, having marched 22 miles. 26th. -Marched to Gatesville, my regiment in rear. 27th. -In advance. Crossed the Chovan River at Winton, and thence to Murfreesborough, N. C. Reached there at 12. 30 of the 28th, halted until 6. 30, and reached Jackson at 4. 30 p. m., where we had a slight engagement. Skirmishers were thrown forward from my regiment, in which I lost 3 killed and 2 wounded. In the retreat and during the day I covered the rear. During the trip, Major Terwilliger reports he captured 10 horses; 3 of them turned over to Captain [Robert V. W.] Howard; the balance stopped at the boat, and left behind; 1 covered and 2 open buggies, and 3 covered light wagons for 2 horses. On return, camped at Reynoldson on the 31st.

---------------

*List of captured property, here following in original report, omitted.

---------------

