
August 1. -Sent a party to Blackwater Bridge, Zuni, and Windsor. Reported to me near Suffolk, on the 2d, no signs of the enemy. Reached camp at 10 p. m.

I am, Lieutenant, respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. ONDERDONK,

Colonel, Commanding Mounted Rifles.

Lieutenant C. H. SHEPARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 4. Report of Brigadier General Matt. W. Ransom, C. S. Army.

BOONE'S MILL,

July 29, 1863.

GENERAL: We met the enemy yesterday at this point, 12 miles below Weldon, and, after a brisk fight of four hours, we repulsed them. Their force consisted of a brigade of cavalry (Spear's) and nine pieces of artillery. I had four companies engaged and a section of artillery. Last night they fell back hastily toward Murfreesborough or Winton. I had no cavalry to pursue. I have a regiment at Garysburg and Weldon; the others distributed on the different roads. I would like, if General [M.] Jenkins would send a regiment, to protect the bridge at Meherrin and Nottoway. A heavy force of infantry reported at Winton. Not reliable. The enemy will make heavier efforts against Weldon. Their cavalry force is not under 3, 000. The enemy have not advanced above Hamilton, on south side of Roanoke.

M. W. RANSOM,

Brigadier-General.

General ELZEY.

JULY 26-29, 1863. -Expedition from Plymouth to Foster's Mills, N. C. and skirmish (27th).

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Brigadier General Henry W. Wessells. U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. -Colonel Theodore F. Lehmann, One hundred and third Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding brigade.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Henry W. Wessells, U. S. Army.

DISTRICT OF THE ALBEMARLE,

Plymouth, N. C., July 30, 1863.

COLONEL: In order to divert the attention of the rebel forces on this river from a cavalry movement in the direction of the Weldon and Wilmington Railroad, I received verbal orders from the commanding general, on the 26th instant, to act against the enemy's lines toward Williamston, and to threaten him for forty-eight hours, which it was supposed would enable the cavalry to perform their mission without interruption from this quarter. I accordingly directed the effective force of the First Brigade, two sections of the Twenty-fourth New York Battery, and the detach-

