
Fox Mills, up toward Frying Pan. Our cavalry pursued them vigorously to Frying Pan, but could not overtake. them. Major Forbes, who commanded our force, is confident that the entire marauding party will not exceed 40 or 50 men, and had not more than 20 or 30 mules.

RUFUS KONG,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff.

CENTREVILLE, August 4, 1863.

(Received 12. 40 p. m.)

SIR: I have just heard from the cavalry and infantry sent out last evening after Mosby. Colonel McMahon, in command, reports that he has recaptured some wagons and mules taken yesterday, and is on the track of Mosby and his band. I have just sent out more cavalry to support him, and hope to capture the party.

RUFUS KING.

Colonel

TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff.

No. 2. Report of Colonel Charles R. Lowell, jr., Second Massachusetts Cavalry.

CENTREVILLE, VA., July 31, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, immediately upon receiving from you the information that Mosby had been seen upon the Little River pike, I ordered Captain Manning, with 30 men, to proceed by Old Road to Aldie, and picket quietly the approaches from the east; I at the same time made the desired detail (Lieutenant Stone and 20 men) to go with the ambulances to Davis' hospital. At 8. 30 p. m. started with 150 men along Old Road toward Aldie. Arriving at Gum Springs road, sent Lieutenant Manning with 20 men to pass through Gum Springs, and picket the road from there to Little River pike, thus hoping to stop all escape by the north, if Mosby attempted to return. Reached Aldie myself about 1 a. m. ; communicated with Captain Manning and Lieutenant Stone, and went into bivouac in woods 1 mile east of the town. At daybreak was roused by firing to the eastward. Moved out upon the road in time to meet my pickets, with some of Lieutenant Manning's detachment, pursued by 20 or 25 rebels. Started after the rebels immediately. They scattered, 4 or 5 going down the road, the rest taking to the fields. Sent a party after the latter, and followed down the road at a smart pace. After 3 miles' ride, came up to the wagon train where the first firing had occurred. Mosby, however, had made off when we appeared on the top of the most distant hill. Followed 3 miles farther, taking road to the south, and then sent a detachment, but could not overtake him, though he was embarrassed by prisoners. It seems that Mosby, with about 75 men and the settler train cap-

