
tured at Fairfax, moving west along the Little River pike, just as Lieutenant Manning from the north. Lieutenant Manning at once attacked, and with only 6 or 8 men charged Mosby's advance guard in upon the wagons, and charged through to the rear of the train, losing 2 killed, 2 wounded, and 2 prisoners. Mosby's advance, on recovering from their surprise, and seeing the small force, attacked the rest of Lieutenant Manning's men, and followed them till met by the other force advancing as above. After getting the ambulances and settler's train started for Centreville under a guard, I took the turnpike westward, and then the old Carolina road southward, till I struck Mosbu's trail running up into Bull Run Mountains. Followed it over the ridge, and came upon all the prisoners (2 privates from my squadron and 7 non-commissioned officers from Pennsylvania cavalry regiment, taken at Fairfax Court-House); also took about 20 of Mosby's horses, some of them saddled, but was much disappointed not to capture a single rebel-[not] one of his men. They took to the woods, which are very thick on the mountains. I have to report 2 killed, 2 wounded, not severely, and 1 man missing (he was taken prisoner, but escaped into the woods himself and has not reappeared). Of the rebels, we are sure of 5 wounded. The settlers report some killed, but I did not see them.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

C. R. LOWELL, JR.,

Colonel Second Massachusetts Cavalry.

Captain R. CHANDLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 3. Reports of Major John S. Mosby, C. S. Army.

FAUQUIER COUNTY, VA.,

July 28, 1863.

GENERAL: I send you, in charge of Sergeant [F.] Beattie, 141 prisoners, which we captured from the enemy during their march through this county. I also sent off 45 several days ago; included in the number, 1 major, a captain, a surgeon, and 2 lieutenants. I also captured 123 horses and mules, 12 wagons (only 3 of which I was able to destroy), 50 sets of fine harness, arms, &amp;c. Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. MOSBY,

Major, Commanding.

Major General J. E. B. STUART.

[Indorsements.]
HDQRS. CAV. DIV., ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,[July]-, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the War Department for its information. Mosby has richly won another grade, and I hope it will be conferred.

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

