HEADQUARTERS, Culpeper, July 31 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the Department, and as evidence of the merit activity of Major Mosby and his command.

R. E. LEE,General.

FAUQUIER COUNTY, VA.,

August 4, 1863.

GENERAL: I send over, in charge of Sergeant Beattie, about 30 prisoners, captured on an expedition into Fairfax, from which I have just returned. Most of them were taken at Padgett's near Alexandria. I also captured about 30 wagons, and brought off about 70 horses and mules, having only 10 men with me. We lost a great many on the way back, as we were compelled to travel narrow, unfrequented paths. Among the captures were 3 settlers' wagons. At Fairfax Court-House a few nights ago, I captured 29 loaded settlers' wagons, about 100 prisoners, and 140 horses. I had brought all off safely near Aldie, where I fell in with a large force of the enemy's cavalry, who recaptured them. The enemy had several hundred. I had only 27 men. We killed and captured several. My loss, 1 wounded and captured.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. MOSBY,

Major, Commanding.

Major General J. E. B. STUART.

[Indorsements.]
HDQRS. CAV. DIV., ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,August 17, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for information of the War Department. This bold partisan leader deserves promotion.

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, August 18, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for information of the War Department. I greatly commend Major Mosby for his boldness and good management. I fear he exercises but little control over his men. He has latterly carried but too few on his expeditions, apparently, and his attention has been more directed toward the capture of wagons than military damage to the enemy. His attention has been called to this.

R. E. LEE,General.

AUGUST 1-8, 1863-Expedition from Warrenton Junction into the country between Bull Run and Blue Ridge Mountains, Va.

Report of Colonel William D. Mann, Seventh Michigan Cavalry.

WARRENTON JUNCTION,

August 8, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with special orders from division headquarters, I proceeded on the 1st instant with 250 men, detachments from Fifth and Seventh Michigan Cavalry,

