
Embracing documents received too late for insertion in proper sequence.

JUNE 3-AUGUST 1, 1863. -THE GETTYSBURG CAMPAIGN.

Report of Major Granville O. Haller, Seventh U. S. Infantry.

YORK, PA., July 21, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following details in connection with the defense at the Columbia Bridge: The troops from York, under my charge, arrived at Wrightsville about 7. 30 p. m. A scene presented itself which can hardly be exaggerated. Locomotives, tenders, and cars of all descriptions lined the railroad, awaiting removal to Columbia. The turnpike road leading to the bridge was lined with large wagons, removing property of citizens across the Susquehanna. There was much time lost by teamsters having to halt and pay toll and the transportation agents not having sufficient animals for the extraordinary demands upon them. Having obtained quarters for my command and arranged for their suppers, I sought Dr. [Barton] Evans, president of the bridge company, and pointed out the detention at the bridge, and, the removal by our people being involuntary, urged that tolls should not be exacted. The president at once threw the bridge open to travel free. I then authorized, in your name, the transportation agents to impress teams to remove the rolling stock, when the crossing became exceedingly active. All night long the work went on, and I am happy to say everything was passed over safely excepting one car, which seemed to have been left designedly, as I repeatedly urged its removal. I sought for Colonel J. G. Frick, commanding Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Militia, whose regiment was guarding the approaches from York, and at a very late hour met him. I found him confident of the courage of his troops, and eager to resist anything like a raid to destroy the brigade. We then arranged to throw up rifle-pits and use every precaution to save the bridge that our forces would enable us to do. He sent at once for intrenching tools, and early next morning the colonel, Major C. C. Haldeman, and myself examined the approaches, and traced out the line of rifle-pits and positions for our troops. To prevent the enemy crossing the Columbia Bridge, I arranged and relied upon the following defenses: 1. Two Napoleon guns and one iron rifle piece, placed in battery in Columbia, to rake the bridge in case the enemy forced it while our troops were relying on other defenses. These guns were manned by

