
highest commendation. Lieutenant-Colonel Green, commanding the York Battalion, Captain [Robert] Bell, of the Adams County Cavalry, and Lieutenant Randall, of the City Troop, faithfully obeyed their orders. Major Charles McLean Knox, Ninth New York Cavalry, and Mr. Samuel Young; of Reading, gave me every assistance. I regret to have to add that the conduct of Colonel Sickles and two companies of the Twentieth Pennsylvania Militia deserves investigation. It has been represented to me that the lieutenant-colonel and some 15 or 20 of his men have unnecessarily, by=ut deliberately, surrendered to the Confederate troops. Some of the men threw away their arms, and the two companies, without authority, hurried away from Columbia, straggling along the road to Lancaster and filling the country with alarming reports. The Adams Country Cavalry, who were scouting the Old Baltimore road, it seems came into Wrightsville while in the hands of the enemy, and tried to cross the bridge, but found it on fire. They then retreated under the fire of the enemy, having 1 horse shot and a soldier wounded by the fall, but he escaped capture by concealing himself in a house. One soldier and horse were captured. The others reached Safe Harbor in safety, and afterward joined their company.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. O. HALLER,

Major Seventh Infantry, (late) Aide-de-Camp pro tem.

Major General D. N. COUCH,

Comdg. Dept. of the Susquehanna, Chambersburg, Pa.

Report of Colonel William R. Aylett, Fifty-third Virginia Infantry, commanding Armistead's brigade.
HEADQUARTERS ARMISTEAD'S BRIGADE,Pickett's Division, July 12, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part borne by this brigade, commanded by Brigadier General L. A. Armistead, in the battle of July 3, 1863, near Gettysburg, Pa After a march of about 25 miles on the 2nd the brigade bivouacked about 4 miles from Gettysburg, on the Chambersburg turnpike. From this position it moved at 3 a. m. on the 3rd instant to the right of the town and took position as a second line or support to the first line of assault, composed of the brigades of Generals Garnett and Kemper, with orders to follow, when they moved forward, and carry the enemy's position. Shortly after the line was formed our artillery, posted on the hill in our front, opened a severe fire on the enemy's position, which was responded to with great rapidity. Although the men were for an hour exposed to a very severe fire, the brigade suffered but slight loss, and took its position with alacrity and precision when the line was ordered to advance. The brigade moved on across the open field for more than half a mile, receiving, as it came in range, fire of shell, grape, canister, and musketry, which rapidly thinned its ranks; still it pushed on until the first line of the enemy, strongly posted behind a stone wall, was broken and driven from its position, leaving in our hands a number of pieces of artillery, how many is not known.

