
3rd. Lieutenant-Colonel McRae's battalion of infantry.

4th. Colonel Gratiot's regiment of Arkansas infantry.

5th. Colonel Weightman's command of Missouri troops.

Should any mounted companies be in Colonel Weightman's command, they will remain and march in rear with the Third Division.

the Second Division will be composed of the following-named troops, and will move from Cassville on the 1st of August in the order below stated:

1st. The infantry of General Price's command by regiments and battalions.

2nd General McBride's command.

3rd. The infantry and artillery of General Pearce's command.

All mounted companies belonging to any of the commands of the Second Division will remain and march with the Third Division.

The Third Division will be composed of the following commands, and will move from Cassville on the 2nd of August in the order below stated, viz:

1st. Colonel Churchill's regiment of mounted riflemen.

2nd. Colonel Carroll's regiment of cavalry.

3rd. Colonel McIntosh's regiment of mounted riflemen.

4th. General Price's cavalry command.

5th. All other cavalry not mentioned above.

All persons now with the army and not forming a part of it and all unarmed men will not be allowed to come nearer than one day's march of the rear of the Third Division.

By order of General McCulloch:

JAMES McINTOSH,

Captain, C. S. Army, Adjutant-General of Brigade.

Numbers 20. Report of Lieutenant Colonel L. A. Maclean, C. S. A., aide-de-camp; of movements, August 2.
HEADQUARTERS ADVANCE GUARD,Camp McIntosh, August 2, 1861.

SIR: I am directed by Brigadier-General Rains to notify you that from information obtained the enemy's camp at Pawn Spring was suddenly raised at 2 p.m. yesterday, and the entire force marched either to Springfield or Wilson's Creek, where rumor says they intend making a stand. Estimation of enemy's force, from rumor, not exceeding 12,000. Illinois troops coming, but not arrived.

Captain Allcorn and two members of Union company killed yesterday by our flankers.

We remain to-day at this point, known as McCullan's Store.

I am, sir, with much respect, &amp;c.,

L. A. MACLEAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp.

Colonel T. L. SNEAD, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

