
would call your attention to my volunteer aides, Captain Bradfute, Messrs, Armstrong, Ben. Johnson (who had his horse killed under him), Hamilton, Pike, and Major King. To Major Montgomery, quartermaster, I am also indebted for much service. He cheerfully volunteered his services as an aide during the battle, and was of much use to me. To Colonel McIntosh, at one time at the head of his regiment and at other times in his capacity of adjutant-general, I cannot bestow too much praise. Wherever the balls flew thickest he was gallantly leading different regiments into action, and his presence gave confidence everywhere.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

BEN. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General S. COOPER, Adjutant-General, C. S. Army.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., August 13, 1861.

The battle of the Oak Hills has been fought, and we have gained a great victory over the enemy, commanded by General N. Lyon, and the battle was fought 10 miles from Springfield. The enemy were nine or ten thousand strong; our forces about the same. The battle lasted six and a half hours. Enemy were repulsed and driven from the field, with loss of six pieces of artillery, 700 stands of small-arms, 800 killed, 1,000 wounded, and 300 prisoners. General Lyon was killed and many of their prominent officers. Our loss was 265 killed, 800 wounded, and 30 missing. We have possession of Springfield. The enemy are in full retreat towards Rolla.*

BEN. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Honorable L. P. WALKER.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS WESTERN ARMY, Numbers 24. Camp on Crane Creek, Mo., Adjutant 4, 1861.

The army will move at 12 m. to-night. Colonel Hebert's regiment of Louisiana volunteers, by platoons, with Woodruff's battery, will form the advance guard. The battery will march immediately behind the regiment, and the column will keep 200 yards in advance of the main army, and attack the enemy as soon as seen. The main army will march in the following order:

First, Colonel Gratiot's regiment; second, Colonel McRae's battalion; third, Colonel Weightman's command of infantry and artillery; fourth, General Pearce's infantry and Reid's battery; sixth, General Price's command of infantry.

In this column no cavalry or mounted men besides the officers will be allowed. These respective command will form and march in column of platoons. Immediately after the infantry General Price will place his artillery. The cavalry will follow General Price's artillery in the following order, by fours, and whenever possible by platoons:

First, Colonel Churchill's regiment of Arkansas Mounted Riflemen; second, Colonel Carroll's regiment of cavalry; third, Colonel McIntosh's

---------------

*See also McCulloch to Benjamin, December 22, 1861, in "Correspondence, etc.," post.

---------------

