
The flag of the Confederacy now floats over Springfield, the stronghold of the enemy. The friends of our cause who have been imprisoned there are released.

Whilst announcing to the army this great victory, the general hopes that the laurels you have gained will not be tarnished by a single outrage. The private property of citizens of either party must be respected. Soldiers who fought as you did day before yesterday cannot rob or plunder.

By order of General McCulloch:

JAMES McINTOSH,

Captain, C. S. Army, and Adjutant-General of brigade.

PROCLAMATION.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., August 15 [1861.]

To the People of Missouri:

Having been called by the governor of your State to assist in driving the Federal forces out of the State and in restoring the people to their just rights, I have come among you simply with the view of making war upon our Northern foes, to drive them back, and give the oppressed of your State an opportunity of again standing up as freemen and uttering their true sentiments. You have been overrun and trampled upon by the mercenary hordes of the North. Your beautiful State has been nearly subjugated, but those sons of Missouri who have continued in arms, together with my force, came back upon the enemy, and we have gained over them a great and signal victory. Their general-in-chief is slain and many of their other general officers wounded; their army is in full fight, and now, if the true men of Missouri will rise up and rally around their standard, the State will be redeemed.

I do not come among you to make war upon any of your people, whether Union or otherwise. The Union people will be protected in their rights and property. It is earnestly recommended to them to return to their homes. Prisoners of the Union party who have been arrested by the army will be released and allowed to return to their friends. Missouri must be allowed to choose her own destiny; no oaths binding your consciences will be administered. I have driven the enemy from among you. The time has now arrived for the people of the State to act; you cannot longer procrastinate. Missouri must now take her position, be it North or South.

BEN. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Numbers 22. Report of Colonel T. J. Churchill, First Arkansas Mounted Rifles.

CAMP ON WILSON'S CREEK, August 10, 1861.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that about breakfast the enemy opened one of their batteries upon my camp. Being in an open field an exposed to a raking fire of grape and shell, and not supported by

