
any of our own batteries, I fell back to the woods, and there formed my regiment. I then moved down the road in the direction of Springfield. Having reached the hollow, I was met by an aide of General Price, asking for a re-enforcement to come to the support of General Slack. I instantly moved up my regiment to his aid amid a shower of grape and musketry, and took my position on his left, and ordered my men to commence firing. We disputed the ground there with the enemy inch by inch, for about three or four hours, amidst a most terrific fire from their battery, posted on the hill, supposed to be Totten's, and continued volleys of musketry. I there encountered the forces commanded by General Lyon is person, mostly all regulars, with a regiment of Iowa troops. The battle raged fiercely, and the firing scarcely ceased for a moment. The contest seemed doubtful. At times we would drive them up the hill, and in turn they would rally and cause, us to fall back. At length we shouted and made a gallant charge and drove them over the hill.

At this moment the Louisiana regiment, with Colonel Dockery, flanked them upon my left, made a charge, and drove them completely from the field. This was the last position they abandoned, and the last stand they made. In the engagement I had two horses shot under me. The adjutant, James Harper, was shot down, mortally wounded, at his post, with his sword in hand, leading and cheering on the men. The sergeant-major, N. T. Roberts, was wounded in the shoulder while leading on the left. My volunteer aide, A. H. Sevier, was wounded in the breast while encouraging our men to stand by their colors, and had to be taken from the field. The lieutenant-colonel and major evinced great bravery and gallantry in leading their different wings to the charge; and I must say that no men displayed greater coolness than they did upon the field. Captain McAlexander was killed advancing on the enemy at the head of his company. At the same time fell Lieutenants Dawson, Chambers, and Johnson; Captains Ramsaur and Porter, and Lieutenants Thomas King, Adams, Hardesty, and McIvor severely wounded. Captains Pearson and Gibbs and Lieutenants Saddler, Wair, and Head slightly wounded. Major Harper at one time was taken prisoner by the enemy, but made his escape. Captain Reynolds was thrown from his horse early in the action, and was cut off from his company.

Too much praise cannot be bestowed upon the officers of my command, for they were ever seen in the thickest of the fight, cheering on their men, who always gallantly responded to the call.

I lost in the engagement 42 killed and 155 wounded.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. CHURCHILL,

Commanding First Regiment Arkansas Mounted Riflemen.

Brigadier General B. McCULLOCH, Commanding.

Numbers 23. Report of Colonel James McIntosh, Second Arkansas Mounted Rifles.
HDQRS. SECOND REG'T ARKANSAS MOUNTED RIFLEMEN,Camp Weightman, Mo., August 12, 1861.

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that at the opening of the battle of the Oak Hills, on the 10th instant, I left you to lead my regiment

