
into action. I moved forward with it to the front, going through a terrible fire of grape shot and shells, until I reached the Louisiana regiment. I immediately dismounted my men, and ordered them to face to the left and attack the right of the enemy. I led them through a dense thicket to a fence surrounding a corn-field, where we became closely engaged with the enemy. My men and those of the Louisiana regiment were suffering from a deadly fire. I rode forward to the latter regiment, and told it, with my regiment, to charge the enemy. I was followed by a greater portion of both regiments, and we drove the enemy before us and swept them from the corn field and back to their rear.

A portion of the Louisiana regiment was then called for by General McCulloch, and he requested me to assist him in moving other regiments into action. The command of the regiment then devolved upon Lieutenant-Colonel Embry, who gallantly led it through the fight to victory. My officers behaved in this first fight with great bravery and coolness. Captains Gipson, King, Brown, Arrington, Witherspoon, Parker, Gambel, and Flanagin all deserve great credit for the manner in which they led their companies. The regiment lost 10 killed and 44 wounded.* Captain King was wounded. Orderly Sergeant Spencer was conspicuours for his gallantry. He was wounded while leading on his men. I submit Lieutenant-Colonel Embry's report with mine.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

JAMES McINTOSH,

Colonel Second Reg't Ark. Mounted Riflemen, Commanding Reg't.

Brigadier General BEN. McCULLOCH, Commanding.

Numbers 24. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin T. Embry, Second Arkansas Mounted Rifles.

OAK HILLS, GREENE COUNTY, MO., August 11, 1861.

SIR: I hereby submit the following report of the operations of the Second Regiment of Arkansas Mounted Riflemen, under your command, at the battle of Oak Hills:

While at breakfast on the morning of the 10th instant, the regiment was surprised by the opening of the enemy's batteries on the western heights of Oak Hills, but at the call of the bugle the regiment rallied immediately, mounted, and formed in line of battle in good order, you at the time being at General McCulloch's headquarters. I marched the regiment to the timber north of Captain Woodruff's battery, to shield them from the fire of the enemy's batteries on the west, and dismounted them, at which time you made your appearance and took charge of the regiment, and in person led them in a charge upon a division of the regular Federal troops stationed upon our north. In the charge many of the enemy were slain and the rest repulsed. From some misunderstanding in regard to orders, only about half the regiment participated in the action at this point.

About this time, your service being needed or required upon other portions of the field, General McCulloch ordered me to move the regiment to the hills to the west, where a close and bloody contest was going on. I did so immediately, and in a short time after reaching the

---------------

*Nominal list shows 11 killed and 44 wounded.

---------------

