
made us give way once, and killed Captain Hinson and his brother-in-law, Private Whetstone, of the Morehouse Guards.

Each and every member behaved with great coolness and bravery, and when the word was given to forward, they responded with a determination that would do credit to old soldiers.

On the morning after the battle General McCulloch and Adjutant-General McIntosh congratulated me for the manner in which my company led the charge and for the coolness and bravery which they exhibited upon that occasion. In communicating this to you, I do so that you may know that the Pelican Rifles are worthy of all honors bestowed upon them, and that Baton Rouge may well be proud of those who represent her in the great struggle in the southwest of Missouri.

I have the honor to be, major, your obedient servant,

JOHN P. VIGILINI,

Pelican Rifles, Third Regiment Louisiana Volunteers.

Major W. F. TUNNARD.

Numbers 30. Report of Colonel E. Greer, South Kansas-Texas Regiment.
HDQRS. SOUTH KANSAS-TEXAS REGIMENT, C. S. ARMY,August 12, 1861.

I beg leave to submit to you the following report of my command during the battle of the 10th instant:

About sunrise I received orders to report my regiment at the ford of the creek on the public road to Springfield. The officer of your staff who delivered the order stated that the enemy had fired upon some of our soldiers. Our horses at the time were saddled and our guns and ammunition ready to be used. Almost simultaneously it was evident that the enemy in strong force had brought on a general engagement. The different companies of the regiment formed as rapidly as possible. I immediately determined to cross the ford opposite General Pearce's command and charge the battery of the enemy on the hill. About half of the companies had marched out of the field in which we had been encamped, when I found that the other companies did not move out. I sent the adjutant back to where they were, with orders to have them join the other portion of the command.

By this time the enemy had appeared in the field, had planted several pieces of artillery, and had opened fire on my remaining companies. They were formed under command of Major Chilton. It was evidently the intention of the enemy to cut off this battalion from the first, which had passed out. When reaching the ford the road was blocked up with wagons. While trying to clear the road and pass around the wagons as well as I could, Captain Bradfute, one of the general's aides, rode up, and stated that the main body of the enemy was up the creek on the west side of the stream on a large hill. I at once moved five companies of my regiment round to the left, the remaining companies having become separated from them. It was evident that the hottest of the fight was raging in that direction.

I about this time received orders from General McCulloch to flank the enemy on their right. I ordered Colonel Carroll and his regiment to move up and take their position in line on a hill, and that I would

