
Colonel Carroll's cavalry was engaged in a part of the field away from my view, and I herewith submit his report in full. I am informed that the officers and men of his regiment did efficient service in charging the battery of the enemy. The Fourth Infantry, Colonel Walker, was placed in a trying position, especially for new troops, grape shot, shell, and minie balls flying around them and no chance of returning the fire. Much praise is due Colonel Rector for the coolness displayed in remaining in position, as well as to the officers of the regiment for their efforts to the same effect, for at this part of the field was supposed would be the main fight, and on my return to this part of the field, finding the artillery withdrawn from the height, I ordered General Parson's battery to take position formerly occupied by Captain Reid's battery, and an advance movement to the east of half a mile by the fourth and third companies of the Fifth, supported by Captain Carroll's company of cavalry, to give the enemy battle, should he desire it; but the Louisianians, under Colonel Hebert, had fully satisfied Colonel Sigel, and he retreated without giving us another chance at him. Colonel Carroll's regiment, though badly fatigued, was ordered to proceed on the Springfield road in pursuit of the enemy, which duty he performed with his usual promptness and ability.

My thanks are especially due to the officers of the several regiments for the promptness and ability with which they obeyed, and to the men for the determined manner in which they executed, all my orders. To particularize I would have to send in a full roster. I am particularly indebted to Colonel Rector for the ability displayed during the engagement; to Commissary-General Grace, who was with me when I led the Third into action and remained in the thickest of the fight, aiding and urging the men on the victory; also to my aide, Major Cline, who was by my side in the thickest of the fight; also to Mr. Samuel Mitchell, Messrs. Brown, Taylor, and Dawson, for conveying orders during the engagement as volunteer aides; also to Surgeon-General Smith, and to the surgeons of the regiments for their kind attention to the wounded.

Our loss has been heavy, but a great victory is ours. Peace to the ashes of the dead and immortality to the names of the defenses of the lovely South. Early in the action Captain Jefferson was sent to reconnoiter the enemy and was taken prisoner, and is still in their hands.

I respectfully call the attention of the general to the praiseworthy conduct of Colonels Gratiot, Carroll, and Dockery; also to Lieutenant-Colonels Neal and Provence, the former of whom was badly wounded and the latter was continually in the midst of the battle; also to Majors Ward and Featherston.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

N. B. PEARCE,

Brigadier General, Commanding First Division, Army of the Arkansas.

General McCULLOCH.

