
[Inclosure.]

Consolidated report of casualties in the Arkansas State forces in the action of August 10, 1861.

Command.	 Killed	 Wounde	 Missin	 Aggreg	 Remarks.

 	 d	 g	 ate.

Second [First]	 5	 18	 2	 25

Cavalry

Third Infantry,

Woodruff's	 25	 84	 1	 110

battery

Fourth Infantry	 -	 -	 -	 -	 Not engaged.

Fifth Infantry	 3	 11	 -	 14

General staff	 -	 -	 1	 1	 Captain

 	 	 	 	 Jefferson

 	 	 	 	 captured.

Total	 33	 113	 4	 150

A. H. CLINE,

Major and A. D. C.

Numbers 33. Report of Colonel John R. Gratiot, Third Arkansas Infantry.

BATTLE-GROUND UPON WILSON'S CREEK, MO.,

August 11, 1861.

SIR: Early upon the morning of the 10th of August my regiment was summoned by the reports that the enemy had taken us by surprise and were upon us. As soon as the regiment was formed it was ordered to an adjacent hill, occupied by Captain Woodruff's battery, to support it, where it remained some hours under a fire of shot and shell. At about 11.30 o'clock a.m. yourself in person gave orders for my regiment to move on the scene of action and attack a battery and a large force then forming on the north side of Wilson's Creek, on the ridge, and in the woods. I proceeded to execute the order under a heavy fire of shot and shell from the enemy's batteries, crossed the creek, and marched up the ridge by a flank movement and in column of fours. I advanced until we came near the enemy. We then faced toward them, and marched in line of battle about fifty paces, when we were attacked by a large force of the enemy in front and on the left flank.

At this moment a battery commenced playing upon our left flank, enfilading the entire regiment with grape, canister, and shell. So terrific was the fire, that my regiment was obliged to lie down, and then commenced firing in that position. We remained in this attitude for about thirty minutes, firing with deadly effect, silencing the fire of the artillery and infantry upon our left and driving the enemy in front. We remained upon the ground long after the enemy had fled and all firing ceased.

During the action, I am sorry to say, we were very much annoyed, and some of the casualties hereafter mentioned are to be attributed to the fire of our own friends, who formed behind us and lower down upon the hill, and fired through my ranks after the fire had ceased from the enemy. Attached herewith find a report of casualties, which will show the heavy fire under which we were placed.*

Of my regiment I must speak in the highest terms for their coolness, prompt obedience, and daring courage, and although but few of them

---------------

*See inclosure to report Numbers 32.

---------------

