
attack on the south through one of my men, being one of two who went to a spring without permission, and narrowly escaped being taken, leaving his comrade in the hands of the enemy. My company was not actively engaged during the day, but was, under your orders, acting as a support to Reid's battery, as well as a picket for the southern portion of your command.

The loss to the command is one man missing, two saddles and bridles, two guns and accouterments, and two horses. One of my sick, who was taken, escaped, but without his horse or arms.

All of which I beg leave to submit.

CHAS. A. CARROLL,

Captain Company A, Arkansas Cavalry.

Brigadier General N. P. PEARCE.

Numbers 38. Report of Brigadier General James S. Rains, commanding Second Division Missouri State Guard.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION MO. S. G.,Camp at Springfield, August 12, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the evening of the 9th instant I received a general order detailing the order of march and mode of attack on Springfield, and in accordance with verbal instructions drew in my pickets, with a view to take up the line of march that evening by 9 p.m. In consequence of the rain I was notified not to strike tents until further ordered.

By sunrise on the 10th the pickets which I had sent out at daybreak reported the enemy advancing in force on the west side of Wilson's Creek and within 3 miles of camp. From time to time, as the foraging parties returned, I reported their advance to Major-General Price and General McCulloch. As they approached the position occupied by my command brigade they extended their lines,placing their artillery in battery, and opening a heavy fire on my encampment.

For an hour this brigade resisted the fire of the enemy's artillery and infantry before being sustained, and under their gallant leader, Colonel Cawthorn, they maintained their position throughout the day.

A portion of the First Brigade (Colonel Graves' regiment) was detached to sustain Captain Woodruff's battery, while the remainder, under the brave and accomplished Colonel Weightman, was engaged in the thickest of the fight on the hill, protecting the west side of our encampment. Here, while examining the position of the enemy, he fell mortally wounded, pierced by four balls. Here also, nearly at the same time, fell the leader of the Republican invaders, Major-General Lyon, under a fire from the Fifth Infantry.

About 11 a.m. Captain Bledsoe's artillery, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Rosser, was ordered across the creek, when Lieutenant-Colonel Maclean, my aide-de-camp, having in person examined the position of Colonel Sigel's battery, reported the same to Lieutenant-Colonel Rosser, who so promptly and efficiently replied to it as to silence it effectually, when it was gallantly charged and captured by the Louisiana regiment, and other infantry, among whom was Major Murray's battalion, of the First Brigade.

