
Valuable as this victory has been to the State of Missouri, yet it has been dearly bought by the loss in my division of 56 killed, 186 wounded, and 60 missing.

It is impossible to particularize individuals where every inch of the ground fought over bears testimony of the most desperate daring and unflinching courage. My thanks are due to the officers and men of my command for their dauntless bravery, their prompt obedience, and the noble gallantry with which they sustained the cause of their country.

To my staff I am indebted for their efficient service, among whom, for most of the day, Colonel Dyer, acting quartermaster-general, served distinction.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES S. RAINS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division, Mo. S. G.

Colonel THOMAS L. SNEAD, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 39. Report of Colonel John R. Graves, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Missouri State Guard.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, MO. S. G.,August -, 1861.

GENERAL: In obedience to your orders I have the honor to report the operations of the First Brigade, Second Division, Missouri State Guard, which fell under my command after the death of our noble, brave, and gallant Colonel Weightman, who fell at the head of his brigade while leading the column directly in the face of the enemy:

At at nearly hour in the morning, while our brigade was preparing breakfast, the enemy's guns were heard distinctly in the direction of Springfield and also to the south of our encampment. Our lamented Colonel Weightman [ordered us] into line of battle, which order was promptly executed. After our brigade had been marched some distance from our encampment to the west, Colonel Hurst, of the Third Regiment, and Colonel Clarkson, of the Fifth Regiment, were led directly across Wilson's Creek, towards the main body of the enemy, by Colonel Wightman in person, where they were exposed to a galling fire for more than an h our, and during which fire Colonel Weightman fell mortally wounded at the head of his column. Colonel Rosser, commanding the First Regiment and Fourth Battalion, with Captain Bledsoe's artillery, being stationed on the extreme left, was attacked by Colonel Sigel's battery, and his men exposed to a deadly fire for thirty minutes, when Captain Bledsoe, with a well-directed fire, succeeded in disabling a portion of the enemy's guns, and almost at the same instant a portion of the infantry, commanded by Colonel Rosser, together with the Louisiana regiment, led by General McCulloch in person, drove the enemy from their guns, capturing five pieces of artillery, three of which have been attached to Captain Bledsoe's battery.

About the same time that Colonels Hurt's and Clarkson's commands were ordered across the creek, Colonel Graves' regiment, under Major Brashear, was ordered to support Captain Woodruff's battery, which was posted on a hill north of our encampment, which order, was promptly executed, and the regiment held that position until Captain Woodruff's battery aided in driving the enemy from his position, not-

