
light battery, under Captain Totten, Second Artillery; Company B, Second Infantry (my company); two companies of recruits for the regular service, under Lieutenant W. L. Lothrop, Fourth Artillery; First Regiment Missouri Volunteers, under Colonel F. P. Blair, jr.; nine companies Second Regiment Missouri Volunteers, under Colonel Henry Boernstein, and advanced by boats to Jefferson City, where I arrived on the 15th about 2 o'clock p. m., and found the governor had fled and taken his forces to Booneville, where, so far as I could then learn, a large force was gathering.

Leaving Colonel Boernstein at Jefferson City, with three companies of his regiment, I proceeded on the following day (16th) towards this place, and reached a distance of about fifteen miles below here that night; and starting again early next morning, I came to within about eight miles, and then landed nearly all my forces, leaving one 8-inch howitzer, with an artillery party and Captain Richardson's company, First Missouri Volunteers, as guard to the three boats, and this party had instructions to advance within range for the siege howitzer of what was understood to be the position of the rebel camp, and to fire upon it. This was done with good effect. In the morning two companies of the Second Regiment Missouri Volunteers, under Major Osterhaus, Companies A and B, Captains Schadt and Kohr, were thrown forward as skirmishers with excellent effect. Company B, Second Infantry, under Sergt. Wm. Griffin; Captain Totten's battery, two companies of recruits, regular service, under Lieutenant Lothrop; Colonel Blair's First Regiment, and four companies of the Second Missouri Volunteers under Lieutenant-Colonel Schaeffer, formed the order of column in march.

After about two miles' march we met an advanced party of the rebel forces, which opened fire upon us, but soon fell back. To meet this resistance, the skirmishers already forward were collected to the right of our road. Company B, Second Infantry, was thrown out to the left, and opened fire. Two pieces of Captain Totten's battery were brought into play, and several shots fired. In advancing from this point, Lieutenant Lothrop, with a company of artillery recruits, Captain Yates' Company H, Missouri Volunteers, and one additional company from the Third Missouri Volunteers, were thrown forward to the right of the road, and in line with our advance.

After proceeding about one mile, the enemy was discovered in force. Company B, Second Infantry, on the left, was now supported by Company B, First Missouri Volunteers, Captain Maurice. The enemy, having shelter of a house (owned by Wm. M. Adams) and a thicket ot wood behind it, held their position for a while, during which time our approach brought us on to high and open ground, and here most of our casualties occurred. Captain Totten's battery here did effective service, and our troops on both flanks steadily advanced. Captain Burke's company, K, First Regiment Missouri Volunteers, now came forward on the left, and engaged the enemy. In falling back the enemy took advantage of sundry points to deliver a fire and continue retreating. This continued till we arrived above their camp, which was situated to our right, near the river, and which was situated to our right, near the river, and which about this time was taken possession of by Captain Cole, with his company, E, First Regiment Missouri Volunteers, who had been sent to the right to extend our front.

Companies C, Captain Stone; A, Captain Fuchs; F, Captain Gratz; G, Captain Cavender, took part in skirmishing and relieving those first engaged. Two pieces of artillery were taken (iron 6-pounders). Considerable camp equipage and about 500 stand of arms of all sorts were taken. About 60 prisoners taken were released upon oath to obey the

