
I will now advance, and make my headquarters in Sikeston, encamping my men at the nearest water, and will commence work on the railroad immediately. The president and engineer of the road are in my camp, and I will intrust them with the job of destroying it. Expecting to have to retire, I sent my dragoons over the river to gather transportation. The temptation to have a brush before leaving was too great, and they charged into the town of Hamburg, scattering the Dutch in all directions. My men fired at them as they ran through the fields, although unarmed, and killed 1, mortally wounded 5, seriously wounded several others, and brought away 13 prisoners and 25 horses. These men were the Federal Home Guard, but the attack was so unexpected, that they did not find their guns to fight, but as they kept them secreted, our men only got five. I hope to be able to hear from you hourly.

Yours, respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General GIDEON J. PILLOW, C. S. A.,

New Madrid, Mo.

P. S.-Yours of 5 p.m. 11th instant is this instant at hand. The above is an answer. Send me Walker and the dragoons.

AUGUST 15-16, 1861.-Expedition to Saint Genevieve, Mo.

Report of Major John McDonald, Eighth Missouri Infantry.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 17, 1861.

SIR: For the information of the general commanding the Department of the West, I have the honor very respectfully to submit the following report:

Agreeably to instructions, dated Headquarters U. S. Forces, Cape Girardeau, August 15, 1861, I proceeded, with 250 men of the Eighth Regiment Missouri Volunteers, and Lieutenant Morgan and 12 men of the artillery, on board the steamer Hannibal City, at 11 a.m. on the 15th instant, for Saint Genevieve, Mo.; arrived there at 11.50 p.m. same date. I immediately ordered my command to surround the city, and remained in silence until daylight, when I made inquiry relative to the whereabouts of the rebel camp, and was informed that none were nearer than the regular encampment near Pilot Knob. I then made due inquiry as tot he inhabitants, their sentiments, &amp;c., and found that very few Union men were among them, and these few were so timid as to fail to express their sentiments, that I thought it necessary to issue a proclamation, of which I have the honor herewith to inclose a copy. I then caused the branch of the Merchants' Bank of Saint Louis to be opened, and I took from it a box said to contain $28,633.30 in coin and $29,680 in currency, total $58,313.30, and brought the same on board the steamer, which I have the honor to turn over to you in person. Stockholders and directors expressed great gratification at my taking the money, remarking that they considered it in better and safer hands than if the rebels had it, which it was thought

