
AUGUST 17.-Affairs at Palmyra and Hunnewell, Mo.

Report and Order of Brigadier General John Pope, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Louis, August 17, 1861.

CAPTAIN: I have this moment received telegraphic dispatch from Genl. Hurlbut, stating that the train carrying the force which has been quartered upon the county of Marion to Hudson City was fired upon as it left Palmyra, and again at Hunnewell, the western edge of the same county. One man of the Sixteenth Illinois Volunteers was killed and another wounded. The train was halted, and the rebels dispersed, with loss of 5 of their number killed. This county of Marion has been the principal seat of the disturbances in North Missouri, and it is my purpose immediately to inflict such punishment as will be remembered.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain J. C. KELTON, Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Hudson, Mo., August 19, 1861.

TO MAYOR AND AUTHORITIES, City of Palmyra, State of Missouri:

You are hereby notified and required to deliver up to the military authorities of this brigade, within six days from the date of these presents, the marauders who fired upon the train bound west on the Hanibal and Saint Joseph Railroad on the evening of 16th instant, and broke into the telegraph office. If the guilty persons are not delivered up as required, and within the time herein specified, the whole brigade will be moved into your county, and contributions levied to the amount of $10,000 on Marion County and $5,000 on the city of Palmyra.

By order of Brigadier General S. A. Hurlbut, under direction of John Pope, brigadier-general, commanding North Missouri.

AUGUST 19-20, 1861.-Skirmishes at Charleston and Fish Lake, Mo.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1.-Major General John C. Fremont, U. S. Army, commanding Western Department.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Michael K. Lawler, Eighteenth Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 3.-Colonel Henry Dougherty, Twenty-second Illinois Infantry, of skirmish at Charleston.

Numbers 4.-Captain Robert D. Noleman, First Illinois Cavalry, of skirmish at Fish Lake.

Numbers 5.-Brigadier General M. Jeff. Thompson, Missouri State Guard (Confederate), of skirmish at Charleston, with order arresting Confederate commander.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General John C. Fremont, U. S. Army, comdg. Western Dep't.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 20, 1861.

Report from commanding officer at Cairo says that Colonel Dougherty, with 300 men, sent out yesterday at 7 from Bird's Point, attacked

