
the enemy at Charleston, 1,200 strong, drove him back, killed 40, took 17 prisoners, 15 horses, and returned at 2 o'clock this morning to Bird's Point, with loss of 1 killed and 6 wounded. Colonel Dougherty, Captain Johnson, and Lieutenant [Colonel] Ransom are among the wounded. Our forces under General Prentiss are operating from Ironton, in the direction of Hardee.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Michael K. Lawler, Eighteenth Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS, CAMP LYON, MO., August 20, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor that on yesterday evening I sent six companies of the Twenty-second Illinois Volunteers, under company of Colonel Henry Dougherty, and a detachment of 50 cavalry of Captain Noleman's company, to act in concert with Colonel Dougherty, and directed them to move upon Charleston, 13 miles distant. Colonel Dougherty's command embarked on the cars at this point on the evening of the 19th, at dusk, and went by rail to within two and a half miles from Charleston, to a point where the trestles have been partially destroyed, and marched from thence to Charleston, and invested the town. The rebels, 500 strong, had notice of their approach, their pickets firing on our men. The rebels formed in the streets to received us, and after a sharp contest of ten minutes fled, leaving in our hands, 15 prisoners, their horses and equipments. Number of rebels killed, 13; number wounded, not known. Our loss, 1 killed, 7 wounded.

Colonel Dougherty, Lieutenant-Colonel Hart, of the Twenty-second and Lieutenant-Colonel Ransom, of the Eleventh, and the officers engaged deserve praise for the manner they performed their duties. Colonel Dougherty and Lieutenant-Colonel Ransom were wounded in a hand-to-hand contest with the rebels. Colonel Dougherty speaks in terms of praise of Lieutenant-Colonel Hart, Lieutenant-Colonel Ransom, Captains Johnson and McAdams, and all under his command.

Colonel Dougherty returned with his command to this camp this morning at 1 o'clock, bringing his prisoners, horses, and equipments. Captain Noleman arrived at Charleston two hours after the conflict occurred, and finding it partially deserted, posted his men in position to capture any scouts that might be about the town. After waiting two and a half hours, he caught two armed troopers, and forced them to show the way to their camp, where, at 4.30 o'clock, he completely surprised, and took 33 prisoners and 38 horses, with their equipments, and brought them to this camp.

Captain Noleman speaks in praise of the conduct of his men, and makes particular mention of Sergeant Casey, who was next to him in command. The manner in which Captain Noleman performed his part in the expedition deserves the highest commendation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,M. K. LAWLER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel R. J. OGLESBY, Commanding Forces at Cairo.

