
vise that Colonel Wallace push out to Charleston at once and reconnoiter, without waiting to hear from the column from Ironton. As soon as a junction is formed between General Prentiss and Colonel Marsh I will be informed of it, and will assume command of all the troops co-operating from this point to Cairo, and will move down the river at once. If Colonel Waagner's instructions are not different from mine, Belmont should have been taken possession of and held.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Cape Girardeau, Mo., September 1, 1861.

SIR: General Prentiss has just arrived. Will move the column under his command to Sikeston as soon as possible. I will go to Bird's Point and take command there, and push out from that point. General Prentiss reports that Hardee left Greenville the day he left Ironton, and has fallen back into Arkansas. The scarcity of transportation here has prevented me having provisions thrown forward to Jackson preparatory for this move, and will necessarily cause a delay of at least one day.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, U. S. Army, Saint Louis, Mo.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Cape Girardeau, Mo., September 2, 1861.

Brigadier General B. M. PRENTISS, Cape Girardeau, Mo.:

My instructions say that the rebels are fortifying Benton. It may be that they have moved to that point some heavy ordnance, which could not be taken away in the hurry of their departure. It would be well, therefore, to make inquiries in passing through whether such is the case. Should any be found at the point, put it under the charge of some secessionist of property, who will be held responsible for its safety until removed by authority.

Should anything come to my knowledge of the enemy's movement likely to affect your movement, I will communicate with you as early as practicable, either by way of this place or by some point on the river below. Should you learn anything of importance, keep me informed, if practicable. I would recommend the reading of General Fremont's order (Special Orders, Numbers 106) to the troops before

leaving Jackson.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Cairo, Ill., September 2, 1861.

I left Cape Girardeau at 10 o'clock this morning. General Prentiss raised the question of rank, and finally refused to obey my orders. Last night he tendered his resignation after being refused a leave of absence, but said he would command as directed until your decision. To-day he positively refused, and reported himself in arrest. I have

10 R R-VOL III

