
While conducting these operations on the Kentucky and Illinois shores, you will not abandon your operations in Missouri, and taking Charleston and Sikeston, as well as holding Belmont, you will follow the retreating rebels to New Madrid. This, however, must depend upon your disposable force and the truth of the report that the enemy's troops from Greenville have retreated to Arkansas.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF SOUTHEASTERN MISSOURI,Cairo, Ill., September 5, 1861.

Inclosed I send you plans and estimates of the work proposed opposite this place and at Bird's Point.* A party has been on the Kentucky shore most of the day making the preliminary arrangements for prosecuting the work with larger details hereafter. The labor of clearing will have to be done by the troops exclusively, and probably a great portion of the digging. All information to-day has been telegraphed fully. I am now nearly ready for Paducah, should not telegram arrive preventing the movement on the strength of the information telegraphed.

On the subject of fortifications I scarcely feel myself sufficiently conversant to make recommendations, but it appears to me that the fornications there need much more labor expended in that way, and heavier armament, before labor is expended on the opposite shore. The works ordered by you will be prosecuted, however, with all the force available for that service.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT, Saint Louis, Mo.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF S. E. MO., Numbers -. Cairo, Ill., September 5, 1861.

The people of Southwest Kentucky having permitted large bodies of armed men in rebellion to the Government to assemble upon her soil, to erect batteries, and fire upon the Federal flag, are guilty of an offense which must be resisted and punished. All commanders, therefore, on the Kentucky borders, within this military district, are directed to embarrass their communications with rebels in every way possible. To this end all ferries, yawls, flats, and other boats within the reach of these troops will be seized and taken in charge. Such orders as may be necessary for carrying into execution this order will be promulgated at once by post commanders.

By order of Brigadier General U. S. Grant:

[WM. S. HILLYER,]

A. D. C. and A. A. A. General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

