
Numbers 3. Report of Colonel Richard J. Oglesby, Eighth Illinois Infantry, of expeditions to Belmont and Charleston.

CAIRO, ILL., September 3, 1861.

SIR: I inclose you the official report of Colonel G. Waagner, commanding expedition to Belmont and Charleston.

I have but a moment, as the steamer is on the move.

Last night I sent steamer to communicate with Colonel Waagner. Left here at 10 o'clock. I noticed from my headquarters signals on the Kentucky shore, rockets and balloons, small, announcing to some other post the coming and return of the steamer; she returned at 5 o'clock this morning. Captain Bruce, of my regiment, will hand you dispatches.

Colonel Wallace moved to-day on Charleston; will telegraph you again to-day, on return of my man from Charleston.

No marked change in position of enemy since Saturday; yet between New Madrid and Sikeston and in rear of latter place.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

R. J. OGLESBY,

Colonel.

Captain J. MCKINSTRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.

Numbers 4. Report of Colonel G. Waagner, commanding, of expedition to Belmont.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITION TO BELMONT,Belmont, Mo., September 2, 1861-6 p. m.

SIR: I have the honor respectfully to report that in accordance with your order I started this morning from Cairo, at 5 o'clock, on the steamer Graham, with the Twelfth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, Colonel McCarthur, 600 strong, for the purpose of destroying the reported fortifications at this place.

One gunboat, under the command of Commander Rodgers, and myself left Cairo at 5 o'clock this morning, and proceeded up the Mississippi River about 20 miles, for the purpose of reconnoitering our weak points, returning to Bird's Point at 8 o'clock. The second gunboat, under command of Captain Stembel, I ordered to Norfolk, to await the arrival of the convoy.

In the mean time the steamer Graham was ordered to take on board the necessary troops at Bird's Point, this disposition of the gunboats being made to mask our movements. At 10 o'clock I left Bird's Point with my command on the steamer Graham, and on arriving at Norfolk at 10.30 I found both the gunboats awaiting our arrival, as previously arranged. I made a reconnaissance of Norfolk, bur finding nothing of importance, I re-embarked for this place, being well protected by the gunboats which protected the landing of our troops in the best military manner. The people residing on the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers have a very great respect for the gunboats. I arrived at Belmont at 1.30 p. m. I have nor as yet been able to discover any building in the town.

Our first reconnoiter of three companies Twelfth Regiment was successful in capturing a small ferry-boat and a boat fitted up with a good set of tools for repairing muskets, pistols, &c.

We found one man on the last-mentioned boat, who will be sent to Cairo. The ferry-boat, I think, can be made useful as a messenger to

