
who left Cape Girardeau at 12 o'clock to-day and my messenger from Cairo.

the Federal troops took $700,000 from the bank at Cape Girardeau yesterday. I hope that the powder and caps, which I mentioned in mine three days ago, will be placed at the disposal of my quartermaster in New Madrid, so that they can be forwarded to me time at Sikeston to-morrow, so as to be on the safe side if any accident should happen. The 1,200 men I have at Lakeville are nearly destitute of ammunition. I have directed them, ont he approach of the enemy in force, to send their baggage to Bloomfield, and to skirmish or to fight them until I reached them, eighter in person or by orders. I am afraid your plans have been frustrated, and hope you will now suddenly and unexpectedly change them and strike a severe blow somewhere. I am afraid unexpectedly change them, and strike a severe blow somewhere. The enemy has so much the advantage of us in mails, telegraphs, steamboats, and railroads, that nothing but sudden and unexpected blows can be successful. I will keep up constant communication after to-morrow.

Yours, respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General GIEDEON J. PILLOW, New Madrid, Mo.
HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, MO. S. G.,Camp Hunter, Mo., September 3, 1861.

Colonel ADEN LOWE,

Commanding Missouri State Guard, Camp Lakeville, Mo.:

DEAR COLONEL: A courier, in last night, reports that the enemy has turned from Jackson down in your direction. I hardly believe it, as he has his hands full elsewhere; but, for fear that the report may be true, you must be exceedingly vigilant in that direction, keeping your pickets and vedettes sufficiently advanced on that side to give you several hours' notice of his approach and to judge of his actual strength. If he is too strong, send your baggage to Bloomfield, and maneuver your men in his front, driving in his advance on every occasion, and deadly his march until I can get to your assistance. Keep me posted. I will go on transporting stores until the rumor is confirmed.

Yours, truly,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAMP BROWN,

New Madrid, Mo., September 5, 1861-1 a. m.

Colonel ADEN LOWE,

Commanding Missouri State Guard, Lakeville, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: There has been such movement made on the part of our allies that it is necessary for my command to go to New Madrid, and I will immediately take 1,000 men and join General Pillow's forces at Columbus, to act against Cairo. You will by this means be entirely unsupported, and must rely upon your own resources, and fall back, if necessary. Probably you had better fall back to Bloomfield at once, put your sick men in the hospital, have your guns repaired, and fix

