
the men up. I have just receive a large quantity of clothing, boots, shoes, ammunition, &amp;c., and will save your share. You had better send over some one who is posted in your wants, with all the teams, except those necessary for your traveling, and get such things as are needed. I need not write you a longer letter, as you can appreciate my interest in your command.

Yours, truly,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

AUGUST 30-SEPTEMBER 7, 1861.-Operations in Northeastern Missouri, including acting September 4, at Shelbina.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General S. A. Hurblut, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Nelson G. Williams, Third Iowa Infantry.

Numbers 3.-Lieutenant Colonel Charles W. Blair and Major William F. Cloud, Second Kansas Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General S. A. Hurlbut, U. S. Army.

GENERAL: I inclose herewith the report of Colonel N. G. Williams, Third Iowa, in relation to the affair at Shelbina. Certain other facts relative to my movements are necessary for the full understanding of the matter.

I left Kirksville, in Adair County, on August 30, with detachment of 500 men, Third Iowa, in command of Lieutenant-Colonel Scott; seven companies Sixteenth Illinois, Colonel Smith; Mattison's artillery, two pieces, and one other piece attached o the Sixteenth. There were also about 150 Home Guards, nearly all mounted, temporarily led by Lieutenant Call, of Third Iowa. We marched that day to Wilson's, 16 miles. One the 31st of August we moved from Wilson to Lakeland, 15 miles. On the the 1st of September from lakeland to Bethel, 15 miles.

At Bethel I was joined by Colonel Moore's command, 850 men, with one piece of artillery. I then ordered Colonel Smith and Colonel Moore, with their commands, to proceed by Philadelphia to Palmyra; Colonel Smith to hold Palmyra, and Colonel Moore to follow Green's force wherever he might be advised it was, giving them all the artillery and cavalry. My information their was that Gree was at Philadelphia.

With the sick men of the command, numbering over 120, and the Third Iowa, I moved from Bethel, through Shelbyville, to Shelbina. I reached Shelbina in a terrific rain and wind storm on the 2nd September about 7 p. m. It was impossible to telegraph for railroad transportation on account of the storm, and the men went into quarters for the night. Transportation was ordered in the morning of the 3rd; arrived about noon, and the command was transported to Brookfield. At Shelbina I first learned that Colonel Williams had gone to Paris, but I was also informed that he had not less than 1,200 men with him, including his own force and the Second Kansas Reigment. There were no supplies of any kind at Shelbina, and I saw no reason to suppose that there was any cause for holding my immediate command there.

