
captured four horses, abandoned by their wonders, who had fled to the brush, which were turned over to the quartermaster, and six prisoners, who are named as follows: Charles Williams (half-breed), John Hymers, all of whom will be sent to Saint Louis to-night. Williams was caught with a huge knife in his hands, apparently creeping upon one of our sentries. I shall deliver him to Colonel Burbank, to be kept for such action as may be deemed requisite. I suggest that he, at least, be sent to Cairo. The four next named are Irishmen, from Saint Louis, who say they visited the region in which they were found to seek employment. They were doubtless sent there to find employment as recruits for the Southern Army, but as there is no positive evidence against them, I shall release them on their arrival in Saint Louis. He gives a most confused account of himself; but although it is most probable that he has been used as recruiting agent and spy, no positive evidence can be brought against him. He will also be released at Saint Louis.

Having heard that the secessionists had assembled again after Major Holmes left, I sent another party to attempt to surprise them last night. As they probably supposed our men to be wearied out, and as the night was dark and stormy, the attempt may be successful. I shall not hear from them before the evening train leaves.

Yesterday morning I went to Washington, and there directed Colonel Kallman to leave guards at the Saint John Boeuf Creek, Big and Little Berger Bridges, and take the remainder of his force from Miler's Landing south to Georgetown, near the Bourbeuse River, on the line between Franklin and Gasconade Counties, to chastise some rebels who had gathered in that vicinity and were committing depredations on the Union men. He was to relieve the Home Guard then guarding those bridges, who were to come to this place. I also directed Colonel Owens, of the Home Guard, to ascertain if he could induce 200 of them to volunteer for a four days' expedition into Crawford County, leaving the Southwest Branch Railroad at Stanton, proceeding up the Bourbeuse to a point opposite Cuba, and within a few miles of the point to which Kallmann was going, via Cuba to the Meramec, thence down the Meramec to a point opposite Stanton, and thence return for muster. That region is full of the most pestiferous traitors. This morning, however, Owens telegraphed me that Colonel Kallmann did not relieve his men, who would have readily volunteered, but proceed with his whole command from Miller's Landing. The superintendent of the Pacific Railroad also informed me that I could not have a special train, as Colonel Wyman, at Rolla, had an engine and train which was likely to be on the road at any moment excepting when it would come in conflict with the regular trains.

I was the more disappointed to learn this fact, as Colonel Wyman had sent a messenger to me last night, urging me to send a force to Cuba (25 miles distant from Rolla), for its protection, and to disperse a large body of rebels said to be in camp near there. This expedition must be deferred, therefore. Colonel Wyman may have concluded to use the means at his command to effect the same purpose.

A regiment is started to-day by the enrollment of one company. Several others are ready to join it as soon as they can be relieved. the bridges from Cheltenham to Meramec Station (outside of my district) are guarded by Home Guards which belong here, and are anxious

11 R R-VOL III

