
to enlist for three years. My power to accomplish the object for which I was ordered here would be increased if their places could be filled by troops from Saint Louis.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHESTER HARDING,

Colonel Tenth Missouri Volunteers.

Captain JOHN C. KELTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Western Department.

SEPTEMBER 2, 1861.-Action at Dry Wood Creek,* Mo.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1.-Letter of Captain W. E. Prince, First U. S. Infantry, transmitting report, &amp;c.

Numbers 2.-Report of Brigadier General J. H. Lane, commanding Kansas Brigade.

Numbers 3.-Letters from General Lane relative to future operations.

Numbers 4.-Instructions from Captain Prince to Colonel Peabody, U. S. R. C.

Letter of Captain W. E. Prince, First U. S. Infantry, transmitting report of General Lane, &c.
HEADQUARTERS FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS.,September 5, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a copy of the communication received from General lane at 1.30 a. m. this morning [Numbers 2], also a copy of the letter addressed to Colonel Peabody and dispatched by express at 4 a. m. this morning [Numbers 4]. If Colonel Peabody is able to co-operate with General Lane, it will afford him some assistance. You will perceive that this is the only aid which I could extend. The general commanding must be ware that the communication via the Hannibal and Saint Joe Road is seriously interrupted, and must remains so for some time; therefore, if it will not be considered presumptuous in me, I would suggest,as the best means of augmenting the force under General Lane, a column of at least 3,000 troops be detached at once from Jefferson City, with orders to unite with Lane on the Osage; the only way, in my judgment, which will afford Lane the necessary and timely succor.

Our mail and telegraph connections with the east are and have been entirely cut off for the past five days, and I have availed myself of the movements of a private individual int he hope this may reach you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. PRINCE,

Captain, First Infantry, Commanding.

Captain JOHN C. KELTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Western Dept., Saint Louis, Mo.

P. S.-I have sent General Lane a copy of this and my letter to Colonel Peabody.

---------------

*From a return of casualties in the Eighth Division Missouri State Guard, Brigadier General J. S. Rains commanding, it appears that the Confederate loss in this action was 4 killed and 16 wounded.

---------------

