
Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General J. H. Lane, commanding Kansas Brigade.

FORT LINCOLN, September 3, 1861.

I informed you that we drove back the advanced guard of the enemy and of the loss of Weer's mules. My cavalry engaged the whole force of the enemy yesterday for two hours 12 miles east of Fort Scott. It to 10,000, with seven pieces of artillery, some 12-pounders. I last night fell back upon this point, leaving three at midnight. I left my cavalry to amuse the enemy until we could establish ourselves here and remove our good stores from Fort Scott. I have ordered Major Dean to join me by forced marches. I am compelled to make a stand here, or give up Kansas to disgrace and destruction.

If you do not hear from me again, you can understand I am surrounded by a superior force. When thus situated, I rust the Government will see the necessity for re-enforcing me. My loss so far is about 5 killed and 6 wounded. The enemy has suffered considerably.

The fight yesterday was a gallant one on our part. Colonel Montgomery and Colonel Weer behaved admirably. In fact, all the troops engaged behaved steadily. Lieutenant Hollister is here, and is making himself useful. I can only try again. Send me re-enforcements.

Yours, truly,

J. H. LANE,

Commanding Kansas Brigade.

Captain PRINCE, Commanding Fort Leavenworth.

Numbers 3. Letters from General Lane relative to future operations.
HEADQUARTERS KANSAS BRIGADE,Fort Lincoln, September 4, 1861.

Captain W. E. PRINCE, Commanding Post Fort Leavenworth:

SIR: I dispatched Lieutenant Hollister to you to intelligently post you as to the situation of affairs on this border. I also inclose you a note from Colonel Montgomery, the last dispatch from him.* I am holding Fort Scott with a cavalry force, regular and irregular, of about 800 men within 4 miles of the border and 12 miles of the enemy's position. I am holding Barnesville, 12 miles northeast of Fort Scott, within 1 1/2 miles of the border, with an irregular force of about 250 men, station din log buildings, and am now strengthening their position with earth entrenchments.

I have here a regular force of about 1,200 men, and an irregular force I am now organizing, amounting in all to about 400 or 600, men and am strengthening the position to stay. I have before given you all the information as to the strength of the enemy. All sources of information concur that their force is in the neighborhood of 6,000; that they have fortified themselves on the Dry Wood, 10 miles northeast of Fort Scott, and are rapidly re-enforcing; that they have seven pieces of artillery, either one or two 12-pounder howitzers, and the balance 6-pounder;

---------------

*Inclosure not found.

---------------

