
General Grant telegraphs from Cairo that the first gun is in position at Fort Holt, Kentucky.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General John Pope, U. S. Army.

HUNNEWELL, September 10, 1861.

I marched on Green at dark Sunday. Reached his camp at daylight in morning. As usual, he had received notice of our approach, but, in consequence of night marches, few hours before I reached there. Is force, about 3,000, scattered in every direction, leaving much baggage, provisions, and forage, as also the public property captured at Shelbina. The infantry of my command was, of curse, unable to pursue after a forced night march of 23 miles. The few horsemen followed the train for 10 or 15 miles until it scattered in various directions. The bulk of his force has crossed the North Missouri road at Renick, and are making for woods of Chariton. i go west with Sixteenth Illinois and Third Iowa immediately in pursuit.

Moore's force proceeded by land to Canton, and will there organize. Four hundred of Bussey's cavalry are in Northeast Missouri, but I think not doing much. As soon as I can run down Green's force I will go to Keokuk. Please send Colonel Tindall back to Brookfield immediately; he went down for his arms to Saint Louis, and can now be of much service.

Glover and Moore will organize their regiments I hope in a few days. Green's force is mounded, and infantry cannot do much in overtaking them.

The railroad east of Brookfield is open, and I think no more secession camps will be made within 20 miles.

JOHN POPE,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General FREMONT.

SEPTEMBER 8-10.-Reconnaissances from Cairo, Ill., and engagements at Lucas Bend, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel G. Waagner, Chief of Artillery, of reconnaissance, September 8.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General U. S. Grant, U. S. Army, of reconnaissance, September 10.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel G. Waagner, of reconnaissance, September 8.

ARTILLERY DEPARTMENT,

Cairo, Ill., September 8, 1861.

SIR: In consequence of your order received yesterday, I started this morning at 5 o'clock on the gunboat Lexington, commanded by Captain

