
farther, and found large numbers of cavalry on the Missouri shore, and as near as they could ascertain 15 pieces of artillery on wheels and 1 large piece in position. Some of the pieces were ascertained to be 24-pounder rifled guns.

The gunboat Yankee could not be induced to come far from a battery on the Kentucky shore. Captain Stembel, however, succeeded in bursting a shall in her wheel-house, disabling her so much that she retired, working but one engine.

The batteries on shore were silenced, and the officers commanding gunboats think with considerable loss to the enemy. On two occasions they saw shell explode in the midst of the batteries, after which they could see by the aid of their glasses men being carried to the rear. One man was wounded dangerously by a musket-ball fired from the shore. Further than this no damage was sustained by either of the boats. The machinery of the Lexington is out of order, and I have permitted her to go to Mound City for repairs.

All the forces show great alacrity in preparing for any movement that looks as if it was to meet an enemy, and if discipline and drill were equal to their zeal, I should feel great confidence even against large odds.

The enemy were seen to cross and recross the river, with what design I am at a loss to tell. My impression is that they want time to prepare for defense of their present position or for an advance on one of our positions, likely Paducah. If it were discretionary with me, with a little addition to my present force I would take Columbus. Your order will, however, be executed.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT, Saint Louis, Mo.

SEPTEMBER 10, 1861.-Reconnaissance towards Norfolk, Mo.

Reports of Brigadier General John A. McClernand, U. S. Army.

CAIRO, September 10, 1861.

Colonel Oglesby reports at 8 this morning he moved with his regiment, with 20 cavalry and five pieces light artillery, 8 miles below Nor gunboats took place, ours being successful. Colonel Oglesby, not being strong enough to attack the enemy, returned to Norfolk. The events of the day are encouraging.

JOHN A. MCCLERNAND.

Major-General FREMONT.

CAIRO, September 11, 1861.

A squad of 15 unarmed cavalry, under Captain Burrell, sent to reconnoiter in the neighborhood of Norfolk, were intercepted by 100 rebel in the woods, and 2 slightly wounded. All was quiet at Norfolk this morning. If too strong a force appears our forces, are in good condition to retire to Bird's Point.

JOHN A. MCCLERNAND.

Major-General FREMONT.

