
feeling increasing and people rising, particularly in Howard County. rains have been excessive for the last four days, but we are persevering in our works.

JEFF. C. DAVIS.

JEFFERSON CITY, September 16, 1861.

My spy has just returned from Price's camp, not far from Lexington. He left Warrensburg yesterday, and says they report their number at 14,000. The fight at Lexington was a sortie made by Mulligan on Thursday. A regular attack had not been made ;up to Saturday.

JEFF. C. DAVIS,

Colonel.

General JOHN C. FREMONT.

HUDSON, September 16, 1861.

Presuming from General Sturgis' dispatches that there is imminent want of troops at Lexington, I have dispatched Colonel Smith to move forward to that place with Sixteenth Illinois, Third Iowa, and three pieces of artillery from Liberty as soon as he completed the object of his expedition. He reaches Liberty to-morrow morning, and will accomplish his purpose very soon after. His pursuit will lead him in direction of Lexington. I have used the 3,000 troops under Colonels Trainor and Edwards, mentioned in yesterday's dispatch,to replace Smith and Iowa regiment on line. Tindall is back at Chillicothe. There will be no danger in North Missouri. My presence at Canton and Keokuk is imperative, and must be there as soon as possible.

JOHN POPE,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General FREMONT.

PALMYRA, September 16, 1861.

From papers just handed me, I learn for first time that important matters are occurring at Lexington. The troops I sent to lexington will be there day after to-morrow, and consist of two full regiments of infantry, four pieces of artillery, and 150 irregular horse. These, with the two Ohio regiments, which will reach there Thursday, will make a re-enforcement of 4,000 mn and four pieces of artillery. Do you wight me to come down to Saint Louis, or go to Canton and Keokuk, to finish matters in this section? The following force along this road: At Hannibal, ---; at Kansas, 480; at Palmyra, 320 of Twentieth Illinois; at Hudson, 450 of Foster's men; at Brookfield, 650 of Morgan's regiment; at Saint Joseph (coming east), 3,000 Iowa and Missouri irregular troops. Please answer to Quincy.

JOHN POPE,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General FREMONT.

HEADQUARTERS, September 16, 1861.

Colonel JEFFERSON C. DAVIS, Jefferson City:

We wee at this moment giving you the order to move forward and

