
and to unite with your force against the first cross-roads. Brigadier-General Sturgis, commanding at Lexington, will be informed of this order, and directed to co-operate with you in such a manner as, if possible, to make with you a combined attack upon the enemy that now surrounds Lexington.

It is confidently expected that, even should you fail to defeat the enemy, you will be at least strong enough to break through his line and effect a junction with our forces at lexington, which, by your aid and that of other re-enforcements ordered to that point, will then be strong enough not only to defend that place successfully, but to assume the offensive.

It is expected that General Lanse, who will be kept fully informed of these movements, will be able to act with you from Kansas City; but should the rebels change their plan of operations and attack that place, you will unite with him and General Sturgis in its defense.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

JEFFERSON CITY, September 19, 1861.

News just come says Lexington is taken. I hardly think it is reliable. I have received your order directing me to take Georgetown. This place is and has been, except for a few hours some days ago, in my possession. There are no rebel troops now threatening. I have and am sending forward troops, but I cannot take permanent possession with any considerable force until I get means either by rail or wagons to get forward supplies. I wrote you on the subject of McKissock's conduct in regard to the bridge; also on the subject of mules, wagons, and harness. My troops will al be in advance of the means of transportation. Let it be furnished at once.

JEFF. C. DAVIS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major-General FREMONT.
HEADQUARTERS,Jefferson City, September 19, 1861.

GENERAL: The news last night from Lexington I telegraphed you; nothing since has been received. I shall continue to throw forward troops, so as to concentrate them in a few hours at Georgetown. I have a small detachment of cavalry there now. I hope you will send me more cavalry.

If the rebels have been defeated at Lexington, they will in my opinion retire to the Osage, in order to be supported by McCulloch. That would be difficult if Warsaw were occupied, and I cannot get there without transportation. I am exerting every effort to get teams organized to make a move in that direction. If I were now at Georgetown I could cut off his retreat. The bridge across the La Mine is now the great obstacle to progress in that direction to Sedalia. I shall overcome that as soon as possible.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEFF. C. DAVIS.

General JOHN C. FREMONT,

Saint Louis, Mo.

