
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Saint Louis, September 22, 1861.

Brigadier-General STURGIS:

Lexington having surrendered, a combined attack upon the rebels infesting the country between Springfield and Lexington will be made by the troops under my command without delay. Your are directed to watch the enemy as narrowly as possible, to hold Kansas City at all hazards, and to keep me constantly informed of his and your movements.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Saint Louis, September 23, 1861.

I have telegram from Brookfield that Lexington has fallen into Price's hands, he having cut off Mulligan's supply of water. Re-enforcements 4,000 strong, under Sturgis, by capture of ferry-boats, had no means of crossing the river in time. Lane's force from the southwest and Davis' from the southeast, upwards of 11,000, could not get there in time. I am taking the field myself, and hope to destroy the enemy either before or after the junction of forces under McCulloch. Please notify the President immediately.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.
HEADQUARTERS FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS.,September 23, 1861.

General JAMES H. LANE, commanding Kansas Brigade:

GENERAL: The force at Lexington surrendered Friday, the 20th. General Sturgis is at Kansas City. Was unable to get into Lexington. Enemy's force reported 35,000 strong. You retire column expected by General Sturgis at Kansas City. The enemy will make no demonstration of any importance upon Southern Kansas. A junction of your force must be formed at once with Sturgis at Kansas City. It is to be regretted that this was not perfected as originally suggested. The several columns of the Federals in the field are too small to act independently against the enemy in mass, who are operating without the shadow of a doubt as a unit. It is supposed that General Hunter's command (Federals) will attack to-day from the Sedalia side with 15,000 men.

Please communicate your position, movements, and strength of force.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. PRINCE,

Captain, First Infantry, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

FORT LEAVENWORTH, September 23, 1861.

GENERAL: This order must be complied with promptly, and you will please march by the shortest available route.

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

