HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,September 23, 1861.

Nothing since my dispatch of this morning. Our loss 39 killed, 120 wounded; loss of enemy 1,400 killed and wounded. Our non-commissioned officers and private sworn and released. Commissioned offices held as prisoners. Out troops are gathering around the enemy. I will send you from the field more details in a few days.

JNO. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

Honorable S. CAMERON, Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, September 23, 1861.

JOHN C. FREMONT, Major General, Commanding, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Your dispatch of this day is received. The President is glad you are hastening to the scene of action. His works are, "He expects you to repair the disaster at Lexington without loss of time."

WINFIELD SCOTT.

Numbers 2. Report of Major General Sterling Price, commanding Missouri State Guard (Confederate), of operations, September 10-20.
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE GUARD,Camp Wallace, Lexington, Mo., September 21, 1861.

I have the honor to submit to your excellency the following report of the action which terminated on the 20th instant with the surrender of the United States forces and property at this place to the army under my command:

After chastising marauding armies of Lane and Montgomery and driving the out of the State, and after compelling them to abandon Fort Scott, as detailed in my last report, I continued my march towards this point with an army increasing hourly in numbers and enthusiasm.

On the 10th instant, just as we were about to encamp for the day a mile or two west of Rose Hill, I learned that a detachment of Federal troops and Home Guards were marching from Lexington to Warrensburg, to rob the bank in that place and plunder and arrest the citizens of Johnson County, in accordance with General Fremont's proclamation and instructions. Although my men were greatly fatigued by several days' continuous and rapid marching, I determined to pres forward so as to surprise the enemy, if possible, at Warrensburg. Therefore, after resting a few hours, we resumed the march at sunset, and marched without intermission until 2 o'clock in the morning, when it became evident that the infantry, very few of whom had eaten a mouthful in twenty-two hours, could march no farther. I then halted them, and went forward with the largest part of my mounted men until we came, about daybreak, within view of Warrensburg, where i ascertained that the enemy had hastily fled about midnight, burning the bridges behind them.

The rain began to fall about the same time. This circumstance,

