
guns were ably served under the command of Captains Emmett Mac Donald and Churchill Clark, whose gallantry and efficiency were justly spoken of by all. Here I offered a gold medal to any artillerist who would strike down the large flag on the southeast corner of the battlements. I was quickly won by Captain Churchill Clark, though closely contended for.

About 11 a. m. I closed in and around the college, placing a large force in an entirely protected position about 350 yards north and about 500 yards east. I remained there throwing out sharpshooters and skirmishers to annoy and fatigue the enemy, while at the same time the approaches to the water were completely guarded. But one sally was made by the enemy on the evening of the 18th, which was quickly repulsed.

All the the men under my command acted with a patience, courage and endurance worthy only of the cause engaged in, and for more than fifty hours they lay there panting like the hounds in summer when they scent the stately deer, eager not for revenge, but to teach again the minions of the tyrant that Missouri shall be free.

The loss in this almost bloodless victory amounts in the Second Division to 2 killed and 20 wounded. Among the latter is Captain Vaughan, of the Forty Infantry.

Respectfully,

J. S. RAINS,

Brigadier-General, Second Division, Mo. S. G.

Colonel THOMAS L. SNEAD, Act. Asst. General

Numbers 4. Report of Brigadier General Thomas A. Harris, Missouri State Guard.
HDQRS. IN THE FIELD SECOND DIVISION MO. S. G.,Near Lexington, September 23, 1861.

SIR: In compliance with instructions, I beg leave to submit the following report of the part taken by the forces under my command in the capture of the Federal forces occupying the city of Lexington on the 18th, 19th, and 20th instants:

Leaving 200 hundred men to act as camp guard, at 9 o'clock a. m. of the 18th instant my command, in pursuance to your order, took up the line of march for Lexington. The whole command, acting as infantry, moved by flank, the battery of artillery bringing up the rear. I had proceeded about one mile en route when my advance touched upon the rear of General Parsons' division, and I soon after received your order to take the road to the left and support the movements of the division. An order to bring my artillery to the advance caused delay of some fifteen or twenty minuets, as the infantry had to give way for its passage along the road. My command arrived at precisely 10 o'clock a. m., and I ordered Captain Kneisley, who was in command of the battery, to take position at an elevated point of intersection of two streets, and to open his fire and imitate the movements of the battery of General Parsons' division, which was already an action. I detached Captain Davis' company, armed with minie rifles, to act as an intermediate covering party for the battery, whilst my whole command, protected by the houses, was held in readiness to support the battery if required. Captain

