
timber, and by a skillful maneuver surrounded and captured a portion of them. Captain Stewart reports some 10 or 12 killed and several wounded; 1 horse lost. I send the prisoners by the January this evening. Will retain the horses from the use of the cavalry until otherwise ordered.

You will learn from the prisoners that the position of the enemy is unchanged at Belmont. Jeff. Thompson still has only 2,500, 800 cavalry included. I will give no detailed statement, as you will learn all from the prisoners. We are not threatened by them, but the steamer Jeff. Davis is still below us, waiting to be taken. I have sent General cavalry back to the Point to-night.

Respectfully, yours,

R. J. OGLESBY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General U. S. GRANT.

SEPTEMBER 27, 1861.-Skirmish near Norfolk, Mo.

Report of Colonel R. J. Oglesby, Eighth Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS,Norfolk, Mo., September 28, 1861.

GENERAL: Yesterday I sent down 200 infantry to Colonel Dougherty's regiment (Captain Challenor), to sustain the cavalry if repulsed. At the Beckwith farm, 5 miles below here, Captain Challenor (Twenty-second Illinois Infantry) met the enemy, station dot surprise our cavalry by drawing it into an ambuscade. Upon the first fire from Captain McAdam's company [Twenty-second Illinois] the whole force fled in confusion. The enemy were abut 400, besides a small body of cavalry. They have never been so near us before. it means nothing more than an effort to catch our cavalry companies scouting the country about Hunter's farm. We were not troubled by the Jeff. Davis last night, although she was in 2 miles of us a part of the time.

Respectfully, yours,

R. J. OGLESBY,

Commanding Forces, Norfolk.

Brigadier General U. S. GRANT, Commanding Division.

OCTOBER 2, 1861.-Expedition from Bird's Point to Charleston, Mo.

Report of Colonel r. J. Oglesby, Eighth Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS,Bird's Point, October 2, 1861.

GENERAL: In obedience to your order last night to move with a force upon Charleston to intercept the rebel force sunder Jeff. Thompson, I sent Eleventh Illinois Volunteers, 450, Twentieth Illinois, 350, and the Second Iowa Volunteers, 350; total infantry, 1,150; one division of Captain Taylor's artillery and 100 cavalry, under Captain Stewart; the whole force under command of Colonel Tuttle, of the Second Iowa

