
Regiment. The force left here at 3.30 o'clock this morning; arrived at Charleston at 8 o'clock. Colonel Tuttle reports that no enemy has been near Charleston in force. He immediately sent out detachments in every direction to reconnoiter. Learning that about 500 of the enemy's cavalry would be at Charleston at noon to-day or during the day, he sent forward ont eh Belmont rod a company of cavalry 5 miles to report their approach. The enemy did not reveal itself. At 5 o'clock p. m. the forces were put in motion, and have returned to this camp to-night. From all the information learned through Colonel Tuttle I am satisfied the enemy have not been at Charleston, and will not move by there. Belmont has been evacuated. My impression is they have fallen back on New Madrid.

Most respectfully, yours,

R. J. OGLESBY,

Colonel, Commanding Brid's Point.

Brigadier General U. S. GRANT, Ciro, Ill.

OCTOBER 7, 1861.-Reconnaissance from Cairo, Ill., to Lucas Bend, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General U. S. Grant, U. S. Army, commanding District of Southeast Missouri.

Numbers 2.-Commander Henry Walke, U. S. Navy.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General U. S. Grant, U. S. Army.

CAIRO, October 7, 1861.

SIR: Information which I am disposed to look upon as reliable has reached me to-day that the Confederates have been re-enforced at Columbus to about 45,000. In addition to this hey have a large force collected at Union City, and are being re-enforced every day. They talk boldly of making an attack upon Paducah by the 15th of this month. My own impression, however, is that they are fortifying strongly and preparing to resist a formidable attack, and have but little side of risking anything upon a forward movement. Jeff. Thompson and Lowe are no doubt occupying positions at Sikeston and Benton. If the cavalry here were fully armed and equipped, they could be easily driven out. There is no use going after them with any other arm. I had a reconnaissance made to-day to within a few miles of Columbus. I inclose herewith Captain Wlake's report of it. I also have at Charleston a force of some 1,200, all armed. No news of an enemy passing there or having passed. This once took with them tow days' rations, and will return to-morrow, after making a reconnaissance, as far as practicable, in all directions.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain CHAUNCEY MCKEEVER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Western Dept., Saint Louis, Mo.

