
My commissary is procuring his flour at Ritchie's Mill, 9 miles distant, and General Harris is obtaining his at Caplinger's, 5 miles distant, and they are getting on admirably in the preparation of lawyer. The steammill on the Osage, that was occupied by General Harris, had got out of repair, and he was compelled to abandon it without getting from it the quantity of flour that he had expected. I am informed that Camplinger's Mill will turn him out a fair supply to-day.

We have here an abundance of forage in the vicinity of our camp, and the men and animals are rapidly recruiting. This being the last day allowed us to remain in this camp, I shall to-morrow morning resumed the line of march. You will please indicate its direction. I have reliable information form the other side of the Osage, through Major Woods, of Versailles, who arrived in camp last night, that there are no Federals at Warsaw. About 20 are at Cole Camp; none at Warrensburg or any other point on this side of the Pacific Railroad line. They appear to be establishing themselves along the railroad line and on the Missouri River. Their whole force estimated at about 16,000. Major Woods left Versailles on Wednesday last. From the fact that the enemy are scouring the country in which they are located for transportation, I am satisfied that an overland expedition is intended.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. M. PARSONS,

Brigadier General, Sixth Div., Mo. S. G.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

Commander-in-Chief Missouri State Guard.

OCTOBER 12-25, 1861. - Operations about Ironton and Frederickstown, Mo.

SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

October 12. - Advance of Thompson's (Confederate) forces form 			 Stoddard County.

15. - Skirmishes near and at Blackwell Station and 			 destruction of Big River Bridge.

17-18. - Skirmishes at Fredericktown.

18. - Advance of Plummer's (Union) forces from Cape 			 Girardeau.

20. - Advance of Carlin's (Union) forces from Pilot Knob.

21. - Engagement at Fredericktown.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1. - Colonel William P. Calin, Thirty-eighth Illinois Infantry, of 	 the capture of Big River Bridge.

Numbers 2. - Captain Chauncey McKeever, A. A. G., U. S. Army, with 	 	 instructions to General Grant.

Numbers 3. - Brigadier General U. S. Grant, U. S. Army, with instructions to 	 Colonel Plummer.

Numbers 4. - Lieutenant E. M. Joel, Twenty-ninth Missouri Infantry, of 	 skirmishes at Fredericktown.

Numbers 5. - Colonel J. B. Plummer, Eleventh Missouri Infantry, commanding, of operations October 18-24, with complimentary letter and order from General Grant.

Numbers 6. - Colonel L. F. Ross, Seventeenth Illinois Infantry, of 	 	 engagement at Fredericktown, with complimentary letter from General Grant.

Numbers 7. - Colonel C. C. Marsh, Twentieth Illinois Infantry, of 	 	 	 engagement at Fredericktown, with complimentary letter from General Grant.

Numbers 8. - Lieutenant Colonel W. E. Panabaker, Eleventh Missouri Infantry, of engagement at Fredericktown.

