
Numbers 3. Report of Brigadier General U. S. Grant, U. S. Army, with instructions to Colonel Plummer.

CAIRO, ILL., October 18, 1861.

I have reliable information that Thompson and Lowe have less than 3,000 men. I have sent a force through to drive them from their haunt. It would not be prudent to send more form here.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain McKEEVER.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,Cairo, Ill., October 16, 1861.

Colonel J. B. PLUMMER, Commanding Forces Cape Girardeau, Mo.:

COLONEL: A dispatch, just received from department headquarters, informs me that Jeff. Thomspon, with between two and three thousand men, is at Farmington, Mo., and directs that I send such force as can be spared from Cape Girardeau to cut off his retreat.

I send you, in addition to the force now under your command, one regiment of infantry, one squadron of cavalry, and one section of artillery. With this force and the able-bodied men of two other regiments it will given you a force sufficient to meet Thompson, and leave sufficient force at the Cape.

The expedition should be moved with all dispatch, taking as many days' rations as you can find transportation for. Should it become necessary, your are authorized to press into the service of the United States such private teams as the good of the service may require.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAIRO, ILL., October 18, 1861.

Colonel J. B. PLUMMER,

Commanding Expedition, U. S. Forces, S. E. Missouri:

COLONEL: Colonel Buford has just returned from his expedition up the river, and reports that you had been informed that General Hardee was at Greenville, with a force of 5,000 men. Hardee has not been in Greenville for three of four weeks. He was been in Columbus, Ky., until quite lately, and is now with Buckner, General Sherman informs me, threatening Louisville.

I am satisfied that your can have no force to contend against but Thompson's and Lowe's. I feel but little confidence in your even seeing them, but information just received from Saint Louis reports Thompson as fortifying Fredericktown. You will, therefore, march upon that place unless you should receive such information on your march as to indicate a different locality of the ubiquitous individual.

It is desirable to drive out all armed bodies now threatening the Iron Mountain Railroad, and destroy them if possible.

Having all confidence in your skill and discretion, I do not want to

