
whilst only holding a recognized commission of captain, I would particularly urge that the extension asked for be granted.

I would further most heartily recommend that Colonel Plummer be returned to this command with his rank confirmed by competent authority. This I conceive due him for gallantry displayed in the battle of Wilson's Creek, where he received a would, and for the entire credit which is due him for bringing on and fighting the battle of Fredericktown, where our arms were covered with and important victory.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

No. 6. Report of Colonel L. F. Ross, Seventeenth Illinois Infantry, of engagement at Fredericktown, with complimentary letter from General Grant.
HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLS.,Camp Fremont, Cape Giradeau, Mo., October 28, 1861.

SIR: In obedience to your orders I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations and movements of the seventeenth Regiment Illinois Volunteers during the engagement with the enemy near Fredericktown, Mo., on the 21st instant:

At 1 o'clock p. m. on that day, agreeably to your order, I moved forward from Fredericktown on the road to Greenville with the troops under your command from Cape Girardeau, the Seventeenth Regiment Illinois Volunteers in advance, preceded by two companies of cavalry as an advance guard. On advancing bout 1 mile in that direction, Captain Stewart of the cavalry, who was leading the advance guard, halted his command, and informed me that the enemy was in sight in front, and that he suspected an ambuscade. On advancing to the front, and observing the enemy at three different points, I considered it prudent to prepare for action, and immediately dispatched a messenger to advise you of the appearance of the enemy; filed my regiment into a lane to the left under cover; deployed my two right companies, A and F, as skirmishers, and directed them to advance; ordered my lest company (B) forward, to form on the left of A and F, and ot advance also as skirmishers.

At this period you appeared on the field, and I informed you of the steps I had taken in the matter, of which you approved. While my skirmishers were advancing under Major Smith, I returned to the main road, to attend to placing the artillery in proper position. Met Lieutenant White advancing with a section of Talor's battery; ordered one piece stationed in the road and to open fire with grape shot on what I supposed to be a masked battery directly in our front, and commanding the entire road to the village, but the gunner being of opinion that grape shot would not be effective at that distance, by my direction he loaded with round shot and opened fire. After firing two rounds the enemy responded, the ball passing considerably above us.

Having satisfied myself of the existence of a battery, I returned to my regiment to form for action. Before we were fairly formed the skirmishers sent forward had met those of the enemy, received their fire, and were returning it promptly with warmth and zeal. I move d rapidly forward to their support. The two right companies of skirmishers,

