
No. 10. Report of Lieutenant P. H. White, Battery B, First Illinois Light Artillery, of engagement at Fredericktown.

OCTOBER 21, 1861.

Number of men engaged; 2 sergeants, 4 corporals, 26 privates; total, 33. None injured, and all in good order for duty. Twenty-three horses used in serving guns. Ten mules and two baggage wagons. Two 6-pounder brass field pieces, with caissons complete, with the following ammunition. * * *

P. H. WHITE,

Lieutenant, Commanding.

No. 11. Reports of Colonel William P. Carlin, Thirty-eighth Illinois Infantry.

FREDERICKTOWN, MO., October 21, 1861.

I have the honor to report that the force under my command, in conjunction with Colonel Plummer's command, gained a brilliant victory over their rebel at this place to-day. The battle raged three hours. The Twenty-first Illinois Volunteers, the Thirty-third [Illinois] Volunteers, the Thirty-eighth Illinois Volunteers, and Major Schofield's artillery and First Indiana Cavalry displayed great valor, and their respective commanders, Colonel Alexander, Colonel Hovey, Major Gilmer, and Major Schofield, and Colonel Baker deserve great credit for their coolness and zeal in urging on their men. During the engagement not a single retreat occurred among our troops. They constantly moved onward, driving the enemy before them for 4 miles. A charge of the First Indiana Cavalry on a battery was led by Colonel Conrad Baker and was a very brilliant affair, but disastrous, as they were fired upon by a very large force in ambush, resulting in the death of Major Gavitt and Captain Highman and 5 men. This battery was driven back and the infantry support routed by the three companies of the Thirty-eighth Illinois Volunteers, under my immediate command. The enemy suffered severely in the affair. As the battle was brought on by Colonel Plummer, and had progressed for some time before I was informed of it (being sick in bed), I deemed it but just to conform to his plan and co-operate with him, which I did to the best of my ability. For the plan of the battle and disposition of the forces you are referred to his report.* The conduct of all the troops was admirable, but I wish to refer especially to Acting Adjt. General A. L. Bailhache, my aides, Lieutenants Hoelcke, and Willett, engineers, and Lieutenant J. Forth, First Indiana Cavalry, all of whom were indefatigable in their efforts to bring up the troops and carry my orders. Major Schofield and his artillery acted with the same gallantry that distinguished them at Springfield.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. CARLIN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain C. McKEEVER,

A. A. G., Hdqrs. West. Dept., Saint Louis, Mo.

---------------

*List of casualties accompanying Colonel Carlin's report shows the loss in his command to have been 7 killed and 41 wounded.

---------------

