
of their loss, and I find that it was much greater than we at first supposed. It may be safely stated at 300. Many are believed still to be in the woods.

In this connection I deem it proper to report that I ordered the destruction of two lead furnaces near Fredericktown, which had been supplying the rebels with lead, and which, from all I could learn, had long since refused to ship it to the Mississippi.

I have no reliable information of Thompson's whereabouts since his arrival at Greenville. His forces were thoroughly demoralized, but he will probably be able to collect the majority of them. Two regiments of Arkansas cavalry had joined him, one of which was actually within 12 miles of this place on the day of battle. The prisoners informed me that it was his intention to attack this place, and I have no doubt that the attack would have taken place ere this if we had not marched on him first.

The defeat of the rebels has has a marked effect on the resident population, making Union men, by profession at least, of all of them.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. CARLIN,

Colonel Thirty-Eighth Illinois Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain C. McKEEVER, A. A. G.

PILOT KNOB, October 26, 1861.

I have returned with all my force. Colonel Plummer discontinued the pursuit of Thompson after the 22nd. Thompson has gone through the swamps with his troops as rapidly as possible. The Arkansas troops have also gone home rapidly.

W. P. CARLIN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain C. McKEEVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.
HEADQUARTERS,Pilot Knob, Mo., December 15, 1861.

SIR: I feel compelled to make the following statement supplementary to my report in regard to the battle of Fredericktown, Mo., October 21, 1861, to correct certain inaccuracies contained in the reports of Colonel J. B. Plummer and officers of his command:

On the 20th of October, having ascertained the precise location of Thompson's camps and guns, I marched for Fredericktown with the Eighth Wisconsin Volunteers, the Twenty-first Illinois, parts of the Thirty-third and Thirty-eighth Illinois Volunteers, 350 of the First Indiana Cavalry, Captain Hawkins' company of Missouri Cavalry, Captain Manter's battery of Missouri Light Artillery, and two 24-pounder howitzers, under Lieutenant C. W. Purcell. Total, 3,000 men. It was my intention ot surprise and attack the enemy at daylight. His camp extended from the bridge over St. Francis River, on the Pilot Knob road, for three-fourths of a mile to the center of the town, where his guns were all posted on the four main streets leading from the court-house - north, south, east, nd west. At a ford a quarter of a mile below the bridge I would have crossed half my force to proceed near the town to

