
engaged in town, and just arrived in time to see the complete rout of the enemy.

Our loss in these engagement amounts to 44 killed and wounded.

Lieutenant-Colonels Rosser and O'Kane and Captain Bledsoe are favorably introduced to my notice by Colonel Weightman, and I take great pleasure in seconding his recommendation, and ask leave to add to the list the name of Colonel Richard H. Weightman as deserving a brevet for gallant and meritorious [conduct].

To the officers and men of my command I return my thanks for their gallant bearing and their dauntless zeal for the cause so dear to us all.

The great object of our march is about complete, and, though commenced under difficulties that discourage many, yet, with a column of veteran troops threatening our rear and powerful force of the enemy in front, we can congratulate ourselves on a victory which is but the prestige of our ultimate success.

To Colonels McMertre [McMurty?] and Woodard, Assistant-Quartermaster Barkery, and others of my staff, I am indebted for their aid in conveying orders, and to my aide-de-camp, Lieutenant-Colonel Maclean, for his assistance in the disposition of the forces and arrangement of the line of battle.

The report of Colonel Weightman and other officers, along with the list of killed and wounded, is hereby attached and made a part of this report.*

I am, sir, with much consideration, your obedient servant,

JAMES S. RAINS,

Brigadier General, Commanding Second Division Missouri State Guard.

Brigadier General W. HOUGH,

Adjutant-General Missouri State Guard.

Numbers 4. Report of Colonel Richard H. Weigthman, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Missouri State Guard.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION,July 17, 1861.

GENERAL: In obedience to your orders I have the honor to report the operations of my First Brigade of your division of the Missouri State Guard in the battles of the instant, and will of course strictly confine myself to its operations without mention of the actions of others, unless in cases where such mention may be necessary to explain the movements, &amp;c., of this brigade. The First Brigade on the day of the battles was 1,294 strong, composed as follows: Lieutenant-Colonel Rosser, First Regiment Infantry, commanding; Captain Hiram Bledsoe's company of artillery, three pieces (one 12 and two 6 pounders), 46 men, and Captain McKinney's detachment of infantry, 16 men, and Colonel Graves' Second Regiment of Infantry, 271 men; Colonel Hurst's Third Regiment Infantry, 521 men; Lieutenant-Colonel O'Kane's battalion of infantry, 350 men.

On the morning of the 5th of July, about 8 o'clock, while the Army of Missouri was on the march southward towards Carthage, about 10 miles from that place (your division in advance), I was directed by you to deploy my brigade in order of battle, to meet the enemy, more than

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties, omitted, shows-Killed, 1 officer and 2 enlisted men, and wounded, 5 officers and 36 enlisted men.

---------------

