
and continued the charge in the most gallant style until they passed the gun which the enemy had planted in the road near the foot of the hill. The cross-fire to which these four companies were subjected resulted in the death of Major Gavitt and Captain Highman and 2 privates, one belonging to Captain Walker's and the other to Captain Highman's company, and in wounding 28 others.

After I had brought forward the infantry before alluded to, my command moved forward in pursuit of the enemy without overtaking him, until the order was received requiring them to return. The officers and men of my command received the fire of the enemy with a degree of coolness and courage that won the admiration of all who witnessed it, and their conduct on the field proved their ability and willingness to render good service to the cause in which we are engaged. The death of Major Gavitt and Captain Highman cannot be too deeply aigrette, but it is consoling to know that they fell in the front of the battle, gallantly defending the flag of their country. The four companies engaged in the charge consisted of not more than 168 non-commissioned officers and privates, and the whole of my command present on the field did not exceed 360.

Respectfully, yours,

CONRAD BAKER,

Colonel, Commanding First Regiment Indiana Cavalry.

Colonel J. B. PLUMMER.

No. 14. Report of Major J. M. Schofield, First Missouri Light Artillery, of engagement at Fredericktown.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 26, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the force under my command during the engagement between the United States troops under command of Colonel Plummer and the rebel forces commanded by Thompson and Lowe near Fredericktown, Mo., on the 21st instant:

Our artillery force consisted of four 6-pounder guns, under Captain Manter, of the First Missouri Regiment, two 6-pounder guns under Lieutenant White, of the Chicago Artillery, and two 24-pounder howitzers in charge of Lieutenant Purcell, of the Missouri Volunteers . The latter were left in position with a regiment of infantry to defend the town.

Lieutenant White's section and a section of Captain Manter's battery, under his Lieutenant Hescock, assisted by Lieutenant Mitchell, being in advance, were brought into battery as soon as the enemy was discovered, and opened the engagement. They were immediately responded to by the enemy's artillery, which, however, was so poorly served as to do but very trifling damage.

The other section of Captain Manter's battery, under his immediate charge, assisted by Lieutenant Schofield, being in the town when the engagement commenced, was quickly brought forward and established upon the right.

The fire of our artillery was very spirited and effective; so much so that by the time the main column of infantry had been brought forward and deployed it was evident that the way was fully prepared for a general

