
attack. This was immediately made, and the enemy's position carried almost without resistance. With this the fire of the artillery ceased, and it was not found necessary to use it again during the day.

The officers nd men of Captain Manter's battery deserve great credit for the energy and efficiency displayed in organizing a battery from entirely new materials, making the difficult march form Saint Louis to Fredericktown, and fighting a successful battle, all in the space of four days.

Lieutenant White, of the Chicago Artillery, deserves special mention for his efficient service.

Sergeant Donaldson, of the First Missouri Artillery, who acted as my aide during the day, behaved with gallantry and rendered me much assistance.

I have the satisfaction of reporting no loss in killed or wounded in my command.

Soon after the engagement commenced the colonel commanding informed me of his determination to form line of battle in the fields on the right and left of the road and charge upon the enemy's position, and requested me to assist him by conducting the operations of the right wing. For this purpose he placed at my disposal six companies of his own regiment (the remaining four being left as support to the artillery) and Colonel Hovey's Thirty-third Illinois, while a squadron of cavalry was property disposed to protect our right flank. The enemy being destitute of canister and not formidable in bayonets, the battalions were deployed, and, preceded by a line of skirmishers, moved forward in perfect order, and drove the off righted enemy from his position without even firing a shot.

The enemy made two attempts to rally in favorable positions, and exchanged a few shots with our skirmishers, but upon the approach of our line broke and fled. He made a stand with his artillery about 1,000 yards in rear of his first position, and gave us few solid shot without damage, retreating before it was possible for us to reach him.

The retreat now became a perfect rout. I sent a small battalion to occupy a strong position upon our right flank, and the remainder of the infantry pressed forward in pursuit of the flying enemy, and continued the pursuit till recalled by order of the colonel commanding.

I cannot speak in too high terms of the efficiency of the troops whose movements I had the honor to direct.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major, First Missouri Light Artillery.

Captain GEORGE P. EDGAR, Act. Asst. Adjt. General

No. 15. Reports of Brigadier General M. Jeff. Thompson, Missouri Satte Guard, of advance form Piketon and skirmishes at Big River Bridge and Blackwell Station.
HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT MO. S. G.,Camp Spring Hill, Mo., October 11, 1861.

DEAR GENERAL: I march from this point in the morning. I will be at the bridge over Bir River, near the tunnel, on Wednesday night, with 500 dragoons. My infantry will be at Fredericktown on the same night. If I succeed in destroying that bridge and the tunnel, I will

