
rapidity of their movements, I beg to assure you that they made a march of nearly 5 miles in forty-five minutes. After issuing this order I immediately started for the scene of action.

In the mean time Major Wright had formed a junction with Major Bowen, and had made their arrangements for another attack, for particulars of which I beg to refer to their respective reports. Approving of them, I relieved Major Wright of the center command, and ordered him to join the line of flankers thrown out by him, and myself made a forward movement from the center - with one company of cavalry, supported by the five companies of infantry - of about 1 1/2 miles. The enemy by this time becoming satisfied they could not cope with us (or for some other reason known only to themselves), commended a rapid retreat, so fast, indeed, that it was impossible even for the Thirteenth to keep up with them. I therefore ordered a halt of the infantry, and ordered the cavalry forward, with orders to drive them as far as possible, and reach camp (at the point 2 miles on the Linn Creek road) at or before sunset. They did so, and drove them nearly 12 miles toward Lebanon.

For the list of killed, wounded, and prisoners I beg to refer you to the reports of the different officers in command. I slap take occasion to say that proper and respectable arrangements were made for the burial of their (the enemy's) dead, which they had left upon the field to be devoured by swine, beasts of prey, or the vulture.

I reached camp on the return with the infantry at 4 p. m., and the entire command were all, with one exception, safely in at 6 p. m. Total enemy killed, 39; wounded, 29; prisoners, 51; horses captured, 18; guns captured or destroyed, 93; with only a loss on our side of 1 man killed and 2 horses wounded. Among the prisoners are 1 colonel (Summers), 1 lieutenant (Laughlin), 6 non-commissioned officers, and 43 privates.

Trusting that this little diversion from my line of march to join you as ordered will meet your approbation, I have the honor to subscribe myself,

Respectfully and obediently, yours,

J. B. WYMAN,

Act. Brigadier General, First Brigade, First Division, W. D.

Major-General HUNTER,

Commanding First Division, Western Department.

No. 3. Reports of Major Clark Wright, Fremont Battalion (Missouri) Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP GORGAS,October 13, 1861.

GENERAL: At 7 o'clock a. m. my command struck tents at Camp Conant, on Tavern Creek, and formed into column in rear of train. I immediately passed along the line, and requested the officers to keep the men well closed up and allow none to leave their places, but keep everything ready for service at a moment's notice. The reports form my scouts during the night induced me to believe the enemy might attack us during the day. I also went forward and suggested to the quartermaster of the Thirteenth Regiment that the train be well closed and kept so, after which nothing of importance occurred until I arrived

