
at Justice Remington's, where I learned that Second Lieutenant Henry Laughlin, of rebel Johnson's command, had come home, and lived about 1 mile north of said Remington's, and had a lot of McClurg's goods in the house. I at once detached Captain Crockett, with his company, to take the lieutenant and search the place. He had not been gone five minutes before I saw a courier coming from the front. I at once called Captain Crockett back. The courier arrived with a message from Major Bowen, stating that he had been attacked and needed assistance. I at once ordered Captains Montgomery and Switzler forward at full speed to the relief of Major Bowen; ordered the train corralled, and Captain Crockett, with his company, to guard it until relieved by infantry, and then dispatched a courier to your honor for a guard for the train and support for cavalry, after which I went forward to the scene of action. I found Major Bowen some 2 miles forward and half mile scout of Mr. Lewis', on the Lebanon road. I immediately had a conference with Major Bowen, and we mutually rebels at that time occupied a high ridge immediately in our front, and half miles south of us. The presumption was that we cold not expect relief from the infantry in time to secure the rebels, and an immediate attack was resolved upon. The disposition was as follows: Captain Montgomery's company was already on the right, and I ordered Captain Swizler to join him, flank the enemy, and engage him at any hazard. Major Bowen, with two companies of his command, went to the left. I took charge of one company of Major Bowen's (at his request) and took position in the center, or as you found us on your arrival. I observed at that time that the enemy was moving to the right. I ordered Captain Crockett forward to support them, knowing they outnumbered us greatly. I then went to the right myself, found that Captains Swizler and Montgomery had formed a junction and succeeded in flanking the enemy, and half him at bay. The enemy, commanded by Captains Sorrel, Wright Thirman, Bell, Fair, and Hawthorne, drew up in line of battle, and gave evident signs of making a bitter stand. My two companies immediately got into line, and were ordered to receive their fire, return it steadily, and then charge with sabers, and never allow them to reload their pieces, all of which order was carried out to the very letter, with a coolness and determination that evinced true bravery in both officers and men, and struck terror along the whole rebel lines. He could not stand such a charge, so prompt, so uniform, so determined, and the result was a general rout, and in a short time a running fight for 1 1/2 miles, with the following result (as near as we could ascertain without occupying too much time to hunt through the bushes): Rebels killed, 27; mortally wounded, 4; severely, 5; slightly, 3; prisoners, 36; horses, 2; guns, 81 - most were old shot-guns and rifles, and were doubled around black-jacks on the field. Officers and men all agree that many more were killed and wounded, but we did not hunt them up. Our loss was 1 killed and 2 horses slightly wounded. I cannot call your especial attention to any one or number of officers or men in those two brave companies; they are, each one of them, as true as steel, and in this charge, with six to one against them, they exhibited a coolness and bravery that those of more experience might proudly imitate. Yet I feel that I would do my own feeling injustice not to speak of the tenacity with which Captain Switzler adhered to the order of charge, and the promptness and energy of Captain Montgomery in carrying it out. I cannot omit naming Lieutenant Montgomery, Paynter, and Stockstill; not a nerve quivered in those brave

