
any indication of the presence of the rebels or any change of position on their part since our last reconnaissance.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. WALKE,

Commander, U. S. Navy.

General GRANT,

Commanding District Southeast Missouri, Cairo, Ill.

OCTOBER 25, 1861. - Action as Springfield, Mo.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1. - Major General John C. Fremont, U. S. Army, with congratulatory 	 orders.

Numbers 2. - Major Charles Zagonyi, Fremont's Body-Guard.

Numbers 3. - Captain Patrick Naughton, Irish (Missouri) Dragons.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General John C. Fremont, U. S. Army, with congratulary orders.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Springfield, Mo., October 27, `861.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I arrived at this place this evening with General Sigel's division as the advanced corps, and also with Major Holman's Battalion Sharpshooters and Colonel Marshall's Benton Cadets. The enemy had been effectually cleared out of the town, in numbers from 1,500 to 2,000 by the cavalry force under Major Zagonyi, sent out two days since. Major Zagonyi's report of his affair in detail has not yet been presented, with his statement of killed and wounded. It will be forwarded as soon as received. From all accounts the enemy have pushed on to join General Price's forces, understood to be at Neosho, some 75 to 80 miles to the southwest. General McCulloch, it is reported, is at Camp Walker, in the northwest corner of Arkansas. I shall proceed to clear the State entirely of the enemy, and my further operations will then be determined by the movements and condition of the enemy.

I have the honor to be, with great respect,

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General of the Army, Washington, D. C.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Yost's Station, Mo., October 26, 1861.

CAPTAIN: I inclose herewith copy of an order issued this morning announcing the handsome and bold service of the Body-Guard, under Major Zagonyi, at Springfield. The reports by reliable scouts wee that there were, three days ago, but 300 of the rebel force in Springfield; they appear to have been meanwhile swelled to the strength reported by Major Zagonyi, probably by accessions of other bands from the direction

