
was the enemy, and ot our comrades in arms, Colonels Graves and Hurst, together with the infantry regiment of Colonel John T. Hughes, of General Slack's division, opened a heavy and well-directed fire upon the enemy's infantry, throwing it into confusion and forcing it to retreat with great precipitation. The enemy's artillery again opened their fire, to which our artillery, which I had brought up, responded, aided by two pieces of General Parsons' artillery, which had by his order reported to me at this point. The enemy retreated on the Sarcoxie road, and was followed for a mile or two by our indefatigable artillery and infantry. Night put a stop to the conflict, and my brigade encamped in and around Carthage.

The battles of this day of victory for Missouri extended over a space of 10 miles, and were continued for twelve hours. They opened the communication between Missouri and her friends, and gave here access to arms and munitions of war.

In view of the magnitude of these results, so important to the cause of liberty, political and private, in Missouri, and also of the steady courage of the raw levies of Missouri in face of a disciplined enemy, the 5th of July last past is a day to be remembered.

General, it may be safely said that this brigade, your whole division, and the whole Army of the Missouri engaged in that day's battles have done the State some service.

I have no means of computing the loss of the enemy. The loss of this brigade is as follows: Killed, 2; wounded, 38; total casualties, 40.

Colonel R. M. Stith, brigade quartermaster; Major George W. Morris, of Clay County, aide-de-camp, adjutant of the brigade; Major Thomas M. McCrowder and Sergt. Major J. Thomas Whitfield, all of my staff, deserve honorable mention for the zeal, discretion, and gallantry with which they conveyed my orders in different parts of he field wherever duty led throughout the day. Cap. Emmett MacDonald, volunteer aide; Major Charles C. Martin, and Mr. Joseph Donaldson, in like manner, rendered valuable service. To Cap. Charles S. Rogers, of your staff, I express my obligations for valuable information of the enemy's movements, derived by him from personal reconnaissance of the enemy upon the field.

Without disparagement to the many officers of this brigade who faithfully and honorably served the State on the 5th instant, I recommend for brevet commissions Lieutenant Colonel Thomas H. Rosser, Lieutenant Colonel W. S. O'Kane, and Captain Hiram Bledsoe.

With highest consideration, I have the honor to be, yours, &amp;c.,

R. H. WEIGHTMAN,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade, Second Division, M. S. G.

Brigadier General JAMES S. RAINS,

Commanding Second Division Missouri State Guard.

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel James McCown, Second Cavalry, Eight Division Missouri State Guard.

CAMP LEE,

Cowskin Prairie, Mo., July 16, 1861.

Herewith please find my report of the engagement of our force with the Federal troops under command of Colonel Sigel [on the] 5th instant, near Coon Creek, 10 miles north of Carthage, Mo.:

My battalion of cavalry consisted of Company A, commanded by Cap-

