
The loss of the enemy in killed alone, from the statement of citizens, scouts, and prisoners, was at least 106. How many wounded have since died I have no means of knowing, as they removed them in the night with wagons. Twenty-three of their dead were buried by the Body-Guard. We took 27 prisoners, $4,040 in gold, and about 60 stand of arms. Inclosed I send you a detailed account of our loss, with names.*

Major White's command left me at the beginning of the action and before my first charge, and I saw no more of them until the next day at 10 o'clock. Captain Naughton and Lieutenant Conolly, who followed part way down the lane, were both wounded, the latter mortally, whereupon their company turned and followed the other two in spite of the efforts of the sergeant. Major White himself was made a prisoner before the battle, and placed with others in the enemy's front rank, but escaped uninjured.

In conclusion, I beg to urge the necessity of new clothing, arms, and horses for my command. Forty-five horses are killed or unfitted for use. Uniforms, haversacks, and extra clothes carried in the haversacks are so riddled with bullets as to be useless. Revolvers are also seriously damaged by the enemy's bullets.

Very respectfully,

CHAS. ZAGONYI,

Commanding Body-Guard.

Colonel J. H. EATON, Acting Asst. Adjt. General, Springfield.

No. 3. Report of Captain P. Naughton, commanding "Irish Dragoons."

SAINT LOUIS, MO., December 18, 1861.

GENERAL: In accordance with the privilege granted me of making a personal report to your headquarters of the part taken by my company in the charge at Springfield on the 25th of October last, I respectfully represent that-

1st. Gross injustice, after several solicitations on my part, and a forbearance extending even several weeks, has not been atoned for in any even the slightest manner.

The proof of my first accusation against Major Zagonyi consists in this: That, from a personal knowledge, he was aware of a portion of my command being connected with his own in the charge on and pursuit of the enemy's cavalry; that from information drawn from his officers he was cognizant of the participation of the rest of my company, assisted by some dismounted Body-Guards, in three successive assaults on the enemy's camp, and that having confessed this much in the presence of different officers of his command, he deliberately withheld all credit therefor, and even perverted a temporary and purely accidental connection with Major White's command, so that the public might conclude my company - as stated, whether truly or not, of Major White's- was not in the fight.

The proof of my second accusation against Major Zagonyi consists in this: That with the knowledge of the untruth implied in his report, and well knowing by letter and otherwise from me how grievously we felt

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

