
NOVEMBER 1-9, 1861.-Expedition from Rolls, Mo., against Freeman's Forces.

Report of Colonel G. M. Dodge, Fourth Iowa Infantry, with instructions to Colonel Greusel.

ROLLA, MO., November 9, 1861.

CAPTAIN: Having obtained reliable information of Freeman and his forces, on Friday, November 1, I sent a detachment, consisting of 250 of Fourth Iowa, 180 of Thirty-sixth Illinois, and Wood's Kansas Rangers, 60 strong, under command of Colonel Greusel, Thirty-sixth Illinois, with instructions to fight Freeman or drive him and forces out of the country; and, after doing this, to divide the forces,f sending the cavalry home by way of Salem, leaving the infantry, under command of Major W. R. English, Fourth Iowa, to capture all the property belonging to rebels in Freeman's army, and report to these headquarters.

The infantry arrived to-night, bringing in a large amount of property, stock, and several prominent rebel prisoners. They drove Freeman from Texas County, and Captain Wood, in command of cavalry, is still in pursuit of him. The amount of stock and property will amount to several thousand dollars, all of it good.

The expedition has proved a success, and I think has rid this section of a thieving, murdering rebel force.

I did not telegraph in relation to expedition, not considering it of that character that required speedy information to headquarters of department.

I am,very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Captain C. McKEEVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS POST, Rolla, Mo., November 4, 1861.

Colonel GREUSEL,Commanding Southern Expedition:

COLONEL: If the men who are away from home are in the rebel army, or if their families cannot give a good account of themselves or their whereabouts, take all they have got. They have aided and abetted Freeman in all ways, and most of them are now in the rebel army. You had not been gone long before the enemy were signaled from this vicinity by firing and beacon lights. They could only guess your destination, as no one knew it except you and myself.

Keep account of everything you take and who it is taken from. I think your idea is a good one about dividing your forces. Let the infantry, on returning, visit the Pineys and look out for affairs there. Be careful in taking contraband negroes that their owners are aiding the enemy.

Your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Colonel, Commanding Post at Rolla, Mo.

