
Cape Girardeau. On this, I in the morning cut across the country and took the shortest route to return to my post. On the road I met Colonel Oglesby, bound for this place.

I stopped at Castor River for the night. On the 10th I marched to White River, and on the 11th arrived at this place. Disappoint though we have been, yet from the spirit our soldiers have manifested in the prospect of a fight, I may venture to prognosticate favorably for the future.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. PERCZEL,

Colonel, Commanding [Tenth Iowa Infantry].

Colonel J. B. PLUMMER,

Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI, Cairo, Ill., November 4, 1861.

Colonel J. B. PLUMMER,Commanding U. S. Forces, Cape Gireardeau, Mo.:

In pursuance of directions from headquarters Western Department you will send ut an expedition towards Bloomfield-the Tenth Iowa Volunteers. Send with them four days' rations and four days' forage. Caution the commanding officer of the expedition on your instructions that no marauding or foraging is to be allowed under any circumstances. Private houses are not to be entered against the will of the people, except in pursuance of orders of the commanding officer, and then only on business to carry out the object of the expedition. When it becomes necessary to have forage for the transportation trains it will be taken and vouchers given at a fair valuation and accounted for. On the return of this regiment it will be ordered here, unless otherwise directed. You will also send to this place, as soon as practicable, so much of the engineer force as can be spared from your command.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ON BOARD TRANSPORT NEAR COLUMBUS, KY., November 7, 1861.

Colonel J. B. PLUMMER:

Yours of yesterday just received. When I gave directions for the expedition from Cape Girardeau I expected the force from Bird's Point to protect them from the south, and the whole to meet at Bloomfield, or be within striking distance. Requiring Colonel Oglesby's command with me, however, I have sent a messenger after it to him in this direction. This will leave your command wholly unprotected from this quarter; hence the necessity of having it stronger than first designed.

Receiving a report from Colonel Ross but a few minutes after you left Cairo of the force he would take with him, and knowing that he had started the morning before you left, I felt that he was strong enough, and did not think of a portion of his command being withdrawn. I should have dispatched to you immediately to prevent the expedition from continuing as it was. You will restore the command to as near what it was as a due regard for the security of your own position will permit, and allow it to proceed as originally designed.

