
columns. I do not believe Bloomfield has been evacuated, and there may be a movement down to this place. If they do they will have a power from which I cannot escape, and, as the Confederates cannot now help me, I must still exercise my discretion rather than my valor, and show them my heels. You will therefore remain where you are until further orders. If Bloomfield is evacuated, Pheelan will move up to the Blanton road, and will also move up on this side to the same road. You will send Smith's cavalry up to this point, as you need no pickets nearer than I will have them to you. Send up my black ambulance and sorrel horse. I will be in constant communication with you.

Yours, &amp;c.,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT MO. S. G., New Madrid, Mo., November 12, 1861-12 p.m.

Colonel W. G. PHEELAN,Commanding Camp Watkins, Mo.:

SIR: Yours of the 11th instant [8 a.m.] has just now reached me. You should not advance your train farther north than the Cut-off road to the Blanton road, say section 18, township 23, range 10, or Jimmy Nations', until the purpose of the enemy is further understood, for I may need you on this side of the swamps. There will soon be a general move on the part of the enemy [that commenced a few days ago, but was discontinued by the fight at Columbus]. They may march a large column down the Sikeston road, or they may come down the Bloomfield road; but come they assuredly will, unless they have entirely backed down. Your scouts, patrols, and pickets, both foot and horse, may go up as far as safe [which you must decide], but they must be careful of Noel Hawkins and such "ilk," who are more dangerous than regulars. I will send Walker's regiment to this end of the Blanton road to-morrow, and our couriers will pass over that road. If you can employ your men in repairing that road, you will be serving Stoddard county as well as the army. The quartermaster's goods belonging to your post you will retain with you, but those boxes of clothes I want sent here, so that the Third Regiment of Infantry, which has suffered more and are more remote from home than the others, can receive a due proportion of them. My clothes are packed in some of the boxes. I desire them. The Richardson Artillery will remain with you, and I desire that you shall create the impression that the whole force is with you, for the blow I desire to strike above here I wish to be unexpected. Be vigilant.

Yours, &c.,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT MO. S. G., New Madrid, Mo., November 13, 1861-12 noon.

Colonel SOLON BORLAND, C. S. A., Pocahontas, Ark.:

DEAR SIR: Captain White has just arrived, and I hasten to give you such information in regard to my force and movements as I can in the present precarious condition of affairs. I have no doubt that my letter*

---------------

*Not found. Reference probably to that of 10th, p.262.

---------------

