
than 12 or 15 miles of that place. I also sent a small force on the Kentucky side towards Columbus, under Colonel John Cook, Seventh Illinois Volunteers, with orders not to go beyond Elliott's Mills, distant some 12 miles from Columbus. These forces having marched to the points designated in their orders, returned without having met serious resistance.

On the evening of the 7th information of the result of the engagement at Belmont was sent to Colonel Oglesby, commanding expedition against Jeff. Thompson, and orders to return to Bird's Point by way of Charleston, Mo. Before these reached him, however, he had learned that Jeff. Thompson had left the place where he was reported to be when the expedition started [he having gone towards New Madrid or Arkansas], and had determinate to return. The same information was sent to the commanding officer at Cape Girardeau, with directions for the troops to be brought back that had gone out from that place.

From all the information I have been able to obtain since the engagement, the enemy's loss in killed and wounded was much greater than ours. We captured 175 prisoners, all his artillery and transportation, and destroyed his entire camp and garrison equipage. Independent of the injuries inflicted upon him, and the prevention of his re-enforcing Price or sending a force to cut off the expeditions against Jeff. Thompson, the confidence inspired in our troops in the engagement will be of incalculable benefit to us in the future.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General SETH WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI, Cairo, November 20, 1861.

GENERAL: Inclosed I send you the report of Brigadier General J. A. McClernand, commanding First Brigade in the late engagement at Belmont, Mo. Also the report of Surgeon Brinton, medical director, who accompanied me on that occasion. [Nos.2 and 4.]

The Seventh Iowa and Twenty-second Illinois Volunteers were the only troops in the engagement not included in General McClernand's command. Each of these lost their commanders, wounded, and consequently I have no official report of them. Being on the field myself during the entire engagement, I can answer for the gallantry of officers and men of both these regiments.

The Seventh Iowa lost their colonel {Lauman], wounded severely, and lieutenant-colonel [Wentz], killed, and major [Rice], severely wounded. Lieutenants Dodge and Gardner and 23 rank and file were killed; wounded, Captains Gardner, Harper, and Parrott, and Lieutenant Reams and 74 others.

Of the Twenty-second Illinois, Colonel Dougherty was badly wounded and taken prisoner. Twenty-one rank and file were killed. Captains Hubbard and McAdams and 74 men were wounded. Information received since the engagement through the Southern press, and from persons coming from the South since, show the enemy's force in the field to have been over 9,000 men, and their loss in killed and wounded alone not less than 600. My own impression is, their loss was much greater.

