
Colonel Buford during the march of the Twenty-seventh separate from the main command, having dismounted from his horse, which had been several times wounded, was shot down while advancing with the flag of his adopted country in his hand, and calling on the men in his rear to follow him. His bravery was only equaled by his fidelity as a soldier and patriot. He died, making the Stars and Stripes his winding-sheet. Honored be his memory! Near him, and a few minutes afterwards, Colonel Lauman fell, severely wounded in the thigh, while leading his men in a daring charge. About the same time Captain William A. Schmitt, of the Twenty-seventh, was also wounded while striving for the advance. Galloping my horse down to the river, I found Captain Bozarth, of Company K, Twenty-seventh Regiment, supported by squads of men who had joined him, sharply engaged with a detachment of the enemy, who he drove into the woods above the camp. Here the firing was very hot. My own head was grazed by a ball; my horse was wounded in the shoulders, and his caparison torn in several places. Here, too, one of the enemy's caissons fell into my hands, and a capture of artillery was made by Captain Schwartz, a portion of the Seventh Iowa gallantly assisting in achieving this result.

Having complete possession of the enemy's camp, in full view of his formidable batteries at Columbus, I gave the word for "Three cheers for the Union," to which the brave men around me responded with the most enthusiastic applause. Several of the enemy's steamers being within range above and below, I ordered a section of Taylor's battery, under the direction of Captain Schwartz, down near the river, and opened a fire upon them, and upon Columbus itself, but with what effect I could not learn. The enemy's tents were set on fire, destroying his camp equipage, about 4,000 blankets, and all his means of transportation. Such horses and other property as could be removed were seized, and four pieces of his artillery and one caisson were brought to the rear.

The enemy at Columbus, seeing us in possession of his camp, directed upon us the fire of his heavy guns, but, ranging too high, inflicted no injury. Information came at the same time of the crossing of heavy bodies of troops above us, amounting, as i since learn, to five regiments, which, joining those which had fled in that direction, formed rapidly in our rear, with the design of cutting off our communication with our transports. To prevent this, and having fully accomplished the object of the expedition, I ordered Captain Taylor to reverse his guns and open fire upon the enemy in his new position, which was done with great spirit and effect, breaking his line and opening our way to the main road.

Promptly responding to an order to that effect, Colonel Logan ordered his flag in front of his regiment, prepared to force his way in the same direction, if necessary. Moving on, he was followed by the whole force except the Twenty-seventh and the cavalry companies of Captains Dollins and DelaNumbers Determined to preserve my command unbroken, and to defeat the evident design of the enemy to divide it, I twice rode back across the field to bring up the Twenty-seventh and Dollins' cavalry, and also dispatched Major Brayman for the same purpose, but without accomplishing the object, they having sought in returning the same route by which they advanced in the morning.

On passing into the woods, the Thirtieth, the Seventh, and Twenty-second encountered a heavy fire on their right and left successively, which was returned with such vigor and effect as to drive back the superior force of the enemy and silence his firing, but not until the Seventh

