
became warm, you leading your brigade. From the information I received I became assured that the road I was on led to the rear of Belmont, and that by following it rapidly I would get into action at the right time and in the right place.

Guided by the sound of the fierce battle in which you were all the time engaged, I moved forward. At my request you had detached Captain Bielaski, one of your aides, to attend me, who road with me at the head of the regiment. As we pressed forward in the woods, Captain dollins, with his cavalry, appeared on my left, and obeyed my orders with alacrity to go forward and discover the enemy.

Our road soon led to a full view of the river and Wolf's Island, below Belmont, where we met straggling soldiers retreating, of whom we captured several, Captain Parke securing the first one. The troops became animated and quickened their step, and came in sight of the camp, which was defended with an almost impassable abatis of huge sycamore trees.

I here formed our line of battle, the right opposite the abatis, the left in the open space in full view of Columbus, and under the fire of the field artillery in Belmont and the enemy's guns on the opposite side of the river. As we approached by the right flank, before the line could be formed at right angles we received a heavy fire of misery, which killed and wounded some of my men. While forming under fire the gallant Captain Bielaski, on his charger, was seen animating the men and assisting in forming the line. His heroic bearing was observed by us all. After having his horse shot under him he seized a flag, and, advancing with shouts, he fell mortally wounded. Lieutenant-Colonel Harrington and Adjutant Rust were near me on the right, leading bravely forward, while Major Wilson was doing the same on the left. The nature of the ground, the obstacles, and the heavy cannonading which was reaching us caused each company to take up the best position it could, and all kept up a constant fire, which soon drove the enemy from his camp. Here we lost about 9 killed and 30 wounded.

My next order was to advance over the abatis on the right and across the plan on the left, and occupy the camp over which the enemy's flag still waved. The order was obeyed on the double-quick, and the camp entered simultaneously by companies A, Captain Schmitt, and G, Captain Southward, and others in such quick succession that I could not distinguish which went forward with most alacrity. Captain Schmitt, with part of his company, and Lieutenant Lytle, with part of Southward's company, were the first to reach the flag, which was torn down by their joint efforts, and it remained in the hands of Lieutenant Lytle, who brought it away, a trophy well earned by the intrepidity he displayed during the whole day. As we advanced to make this attack the "Star-Spangled Banner," borne by Fouke's, Logan's, and other of the regiments engaged, was seen steadily advancing on our left; Taylor's battery was brought forward and opened fire, the enemy's artillery was captured, and we had possession of Belmont.

While these deeds were being enacted you rode into our midst, and it was by your order that my regiment fired the camp. We had taken about 70 prisoners and many muskets, pistols, horses, and trophies. I placed the prisoners under charge of Captain Schmitt, who was wounded in the enemy's camp, and he and Captain Miles, with other prisoners he had captured, began to return to the boats. Shot and shell from Columbus made it necessary that my regiment should now fall back behind the abatis and into the woods. The victory appeared won. We commenced retiring to our boats, but soon a new attack, made by fresh troops, who had been landed from Columbus in the woods, intercepted

