
No. 6. Report of Colonel Philip B. Fouke, Thirtieth Illinois Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH REGIMENT ILL. VOLS., Camp McClernand, November 9, 1861.

DEAR SIR: I received your order to have my Thirtieth Regiment ready to march at a moment's warning at 11 o'clock p.m., 6th instant. I remained in camp in readiness until your second order was received to embark at 4 o'clock, which was done promptly at the hour named. After landing in Missouri I placed my regiment in the position you directed, and marched forward, with Colonel Logan on my left, and did not march far when the enemy opened upon my command, with infantry in front, and a battery of artillery obliquely raking my lines. We maintained our position steadily for thirty minutes, then moved forward slowly, driving the enemy before us. When I arrived at the corn field, or open space in front, I found Colonel Dougherty, Twenty-second Illinois Regiment, on my right. The batteries of the enemy there were abandoned. The enemy's artillery and infantry retreated before us across the field, and took position in a ravine surrounded by fallen timber in front of their camp. Here I met with Colonel Dougherty. He charged to the right and I moved forward to the ravine, forming in forty paces of the enemy, concealed in fallen timber, and drove him from his position. At that time our artillery came up on my right. I poured a heavy fire into the retreating enemy under your immediate direction, about the same time following up to the cover he had partially abandoned. Colonel Logan's Thirty-first Regiment came up from the left, and the two regiments charged into the enemy's camp together.

After the defeat of the enemy at the camp I caused my colors [then riddled with balls] to be planted, my drums to beat, and rallied my regiment in position at the point where we were first attacked by the re-enforcement of the enemy. I believe I received the first fire. I lost there 1 lieutenant and 2 privates killed, and several wounded. I was then ordered by you to press forward and cut our way through and protect our batteries. I placed my men, a part in front and a part in rear of the batteries, and protected them to the boat, sometimes lifting them by main force over logs and ravines. As I entered the woods I received a galling fire from the enemy on the left. I returned three volleys, and as soon as I could disengage one of the guns of our battery which the horses were too much exhausted to pull over some logs in a ravine, I marched forward. It was then that Captain Marckley was killed. He fell dead at my feet, gallantly urging his men to stand by and protect the batteries. I there lost 3 or 4 privates killed and wounded.

When we arrived at the corn field after the first attack in the woods we were again assailed. It was there that 12 or 15 of the Seventh Iowa Regiment fell. They had been separated from their command early in the action, and had been fighting by my side in my regiment during the day, and I must add that they obeyed all my commands cheerfully, and fought gallantly during the whole of the engagement. Major McClurken here fell like a true soldier, in

front of the ranks. After passing through the corn field we received one volley on the left of my regiment from the retiring enemy, which wounded 2 of my men. That was the last of the engagement until we got to the boats. My regiment came to the boats in order, bringing off quite a number of the wounded.

