
I cannot speak too highly of the bravery and gallantry of my command. Three balls entered my saddle. The crupper of my saddle was cut in two by a ball. I had two horses wounded whilst on them. I have a black-silk flag with a scarlet fringe, taken by my regiment during the fight. It belonged to a Tennessee regiment. I took a whole company of Tennesseeans, but they all got away in the last engagement except 28. Those I delivered up at headquarters on my return to Cairo. My total loss of officers and men, including killed, wounded, and missing, amounts to 81.* One-fourth of the guns used by my regiment in the battle either exploded or were rendered useless before the battle was half over.

Your obedient servant,

P. B. FOUKE,

Colonel Thirtieth Regiment.

Brigadier General JOHN A. McCLERNAND.

No. 7. Report of Colonel John A. Logan, Thirty-first Illinois Infantry.

CAMP McCLERNAND, November 11, 1861.

SIR: In pursuance of Special Orders, No. 97, I prepared as many of my command as were in condition to march that were supplied with arms, the whole number being 610 infantry, and 70 cavalry, commanded by Captain Dollins. I proceeded at 4 o'clock on the 6th instant to the steamer Aleck Scott, and then embarked, in connection with Colonel Fouke's regiment. We proceeded that night 111 miles below Cairo, and remained at the Kentucky shore till morning, when we proceeded with other boats, under command of Brigadier-Generals McClernand and Grant, landing at a farm some 3 1/2 miles above Belmont, in Missouri, opposite Columbus, Ky. We then, in connection with other commands, proceeded to a large farm some 2 miles in rear of Belmont, and formed line of battle under orders. My command was placed on the left, Colonel Fouke to my right, the Seventh Iowa on his right, and Colonel Buford on the extreme right, headed by Captain Dollins' cavalry, of my command. I was ordered to throw out two companies of skirmishers, which I did-Captain Rees' company, A, and Captain Somerville, Company K, under command of Lieutenant Colonel J. H. White, of my command. They advanced on double-quick some half mile. Having discovered the enemy, formed line of battle, Company A on the right and K on the left, on the east side of a small field, and there received a fire from the enemy, which was returned, where Company A lost one man killed and several wounded, and Colonel White had several holes shot through his coat, being in advance of his command. The two companies were ordered to advance, which they did, and the fight became general, when Captain Somerville [Company K] was wounded and compelled to retire, First Lieutenant H. T. Snyder immediately taking command of Company K. I then ordered up Company I, of my command, under Captain McCook, to support the skirmishers, who formed on the center of Companies A and K, where the ground was hotly contested, I was then ordered to support the three companies with the remainder of my command. I immediately advanced through thick woods to a second

---------------

*But see No. 2, p.274.

---------------

