
No. 8. Report of Captain Ezra Taylor, Battery B, First Illinois Light Artillery.

CAMP LYON, MO., November 8, 1861.

SIR: I have to report the following casualties, &amp;c., during the expedition and fight which occurred at Belmont yesterday.

Three men seriously wounded: First Sergt. Charles W. Everett, musket-shot in the head; Sergt. David F. Chase, shot in the arm; Private George Q. White, lost right hand and badly wounded in the face.

Slightly wounded: Privates C. R. Van Horn and William De Wolfe.

Horses lost: 3 shot on the field,

Horses wounded: 2 in the legs; several others slightly wounded.

Left on the field: 2 caissons, 1 baggage wagon, 2 sets artillery lead harness, 1,000 ball cartridge for Colt's revolvers, 200 rounds ammunition for 6-pounder guns, 25 double blankets, 20 canteens, 5 coats, 3 caps, 5 Colt's revolvers, 5 horse-blankets, 6 sabers, 5 lanterns, 3 shovels, 1 overcoats, 2 currycombs and brushes, 2 fuse-gonges, 60 friction-primers, 2 cample-kettles, 20 cups, 1 leg guard, 1 sponge and rammer, 6 whips, 20 haversacks, 2 pick-axes, 4 felling-axes, 1 trail handspike.

Captured from the enemy: 20 horses, 1 mule, 1 6-pounder brass gun, 1 12-pounder brass howitzer, and some fragments of artillery harness, and sundry small articles howitzer, and some fragments of artillery harness, and sundry small articles captured by individuals, not of any particular value to the service.

My force consisted of four 6-pounder field guns, two 12-pounder howitzers, with gun limbers and caissons complete, 81 horses and 14 mules, 1,000 rounds ammunition for guns and howitzers, 1,000 pistol cartridges, 114 men, with rations and forage for two days. Number of rounds fired on the field, 400; number lost, 200; number brought off the field, 400.

I have to regret the loss of my caissons and baggage wagon, but trust that the Government is amply repaid in the capture of two guns from the enemy. I am highly gratified to be able to report that the officers and men under my command conducted themselves in a manner to deserve my highest commendation and praise as soldiers. I take pleasure in mentioning in particular Lieutenant P. H. White and the men under his immediate command for the bravery displayed in driving the enemy from his position, silencing his battery, and, under a galling fire from his infantry, capturing two of his guns; and although the result of the battle is anything but satisfactory to me, yet I cannot forbear to say that, considering the ground fought over and the extreme difficulty experienced in handling artillery in the woods, I am satisfied that no men could have effected more under the circumstances.

Your obedient servant,

EZRA TAYLOR,

Captain Light Battery B, First Illinois Artillery.

General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding District Southeast Missouri.

