
No. 9. Report of Colonel Henry Dougherty, Twenty-second Illinois Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-SECOND ILLINOIS VOLS., Camp Lyon,December-, 1861.

In pursuance to your order issued on the 6th of November, I embarked the Twenty-second Illinois Volunteers, numbering 562 men rank and file, with two days' rations, on board the transport Belle Memphis. Everything being on board the steamer, we moved out into the stream, and after a short trip laid to on the Kentucky shore, near the head of Island No. 1, where we remained through the night in company with other transports from Cairo and Bird's Point, aboard of which were troops comprising the Seventh Iowa, commanded by Colonel Lauman; Twenty-seventh Illinois, Colonel Buford; Thirtieth Illinois, Colonel Fouke; Thirty-first Illinois, Colonel Logan; also Captain Taylor's battery of light artillery, together with a small force of cavalry.

The gunboats Lexington and Tyler accompanying us, which took position in the stream, were anchored below the transports. Our officers and men, being comfortably provided for, soon retired for the night, impressed with the probability of realizing their most ardent wishes; for by this time all on board were fully impressed with the opinion that we were bound for Belmont, which the sequel proved to be true.

Having received orders from you during the night through the hands of Assistant Adjutant-General Rawlins, I ascertained that you had placed me in command of the Second Brigade. I immediately transferred the command of the Twenty-second Illinois to Lieutenant Colonel H. E. Hart, who in accepting it remarked that he felt satisfied that the officers and men would do their duty, which I am proud to say they did to my I hope to your entire satisfaction.

Early on the morning of the 7th the transports, preceded by the gunboats, moved down the river until within sight of the rebel forces on the summit of the Iron Banks immediately above Columbus, on the Kentucky shore, and, as afterwards proved to be the case, within range of some of the enemy's batteries of heavy artillery. After the disembarkation of the forces and formation of the Twenty-second Illinois and Seventh Iowa Regiments into line, three companies of the former and two companies of the latter were ordered to remain with the transports, being placed under the command of Captain Detrich, of the Twenty-second Illinois, who was ordered by you to protect the transports and engage any forces of the enemy which might approach them. His report is herewith submitted.

Having passed through a field near where we disembarked and reached the timber, we formed in line of battle, the First Brigade, consisting of the Twenty-seventh, Thirtieth, and Thirty-first Illinois Volunteers, under the command of Brigadier General John A. McClernand, taking the right a little in advance of the Second Brigade, composed of the Twenty-second Illinois and the Seventh Iowa Regiments, under my command, and the whole force under your command in person. As soon as the line of battle was formed the order to advance was received and promptly obeyed. The Twenty-second illinois and Seventh Iowa advanced for about 500 yards to the margin of a slough, where an order was given to halt and wait for further orders. Here Companies C and B of the Twenty-second Illinois, under the command of Captain Seaton,

