
pany B, Captain Seaton, and one by Company E, Captain McAdams, both of the Twenty-second Illinois, and the third by a part of our forces unknown to me. Two of the pieces were placed in charge of Captain Taylor, who gallantly brought them away from the field, to be used in a better cause in future.

After assisting in the destruction of the rebel camp and property not movable as long as was prudent under the fire of the rebel batteries in and about Columbus, which commanded the whole ground, the order to retire to the transports was received, but not before the rebel flag had been hauled down and the Stars and Stripes, the flag of our fathers, still bright with the glorious memories of the past, was exhibited to their view. After it had been displayed and the field music had played our national air within hearing of the rebels the order to retire was received from you, and our weary forces were called from the camp which they had destroyed.

In the mean time the rebels had transported a large force of fresh troops across the river-seven regiments, according to their own statement, contained in a Memphis paper. These were formed in the timber and in some corn fields between their destroyed camp and our transports. On the return the Second Brigade encountered these fresh forces, and at once engage them and opened a passage through them. At this time the Seventh Iowa was in the rear of the Twenty-second Illinois, and was somewhat confused, All the field officers and many of the company officers of that brave regiment being either killed, wounded, or taken by the enemy, I told the men that as we had fought our way in we could fight our way out again, and ordered them to keep up a steady fire on the left, which they did with a will, notwithstanding their exhaustion, opening the ranks of the enemy and forcing their way through, in order to reach the transports at the same place we had debarked. On reaching the transports, which were safe and in waiting for us, meeting Lieutenant Colonel H. E. Hart, who had conducted himself through the entire battle with the coolness and bravery of a soldier, I ordered him to embark the Twenty-second Illinois Regiment on board the Belle Memphis, while I returned to fetch up the rear of the brigade. On my return I found many of the Iowa Seventh considerably scattered. While cheering them up and hurrying them forward I received a small shot in the shoulder and one on the elbow, and shortly afterwards a ball through the ankle. My horse was also shot in several places,d who fell with me and soon expired. I found myself unable to travel, and was consequently captured by the rebels, who treated me with respect and kindness.

The loss of the Twenty-second Regiment Illinois Volunteers during the day was 23 killed, 74 wounded, and 37 missing; total loss, 134. Captains Challenor and Abbott were severely wounded and left upon the field, where they were afterwards taken by the enemy. Captain Hubbard was slightly wounded. Lieutenant Adams was severely wounded in the left arm and taken prisoner. Captains Challenor and Abbott and Lieutenant Adams have since been returned, together with all the non-commissioned officers and privates who were wounded. The loss of the Seventh Iowa Regiment during the action was 26 killed, 80 wounded, and 137 missing; total, 243, making the whole loss of the Second Brigade 377. Among them were Colonel Lauman, severely wounded; Lieutenant-Colonel Wentz, killed, together with most of their company officers, who fought gallantly until stricken down by the enemy. This regiment throughout the battle fought like veterans, dealing death to the

