
rebels wherever they encountered them. Iowa may well feel proud of her sons who fought at Belmont.

Many of the missing-nearly all, in fact-were taken prisoners, but some, of whom there is no certain information, it is feared were killed. I am informed that as soon as the steamer Memphis got out of the fire of the enemy every attention and care were paid to the wounded, of whom there was quite a number on board. Many of the officers were very active in ministering to their wants, and Surgeons Stearns and Woodward attended them, faithfully performing their duties, dressing their wounds, and extracting many balls while under way to Cairo. Lieutenant Hamilton, quartermaster of the Twenty-second Illinois Volunteers, also assisted, and rendered most efficient aid.

I am further informed that only one two-horse wagon belonging to the quartermaster's department of the Twenty-second Illinois Regiment was left. It contained nothing, but could not be got aboard, because the bank of the river where the Memphis lay was so perpendicular that a road had to be made with shovels, which consumed too much time. All the horses, including those captured from the enemy, were got on board. Many instances of individual heroism and bravery occurred during the day, but where all acted so gallantly it would be unjust to discriminate. The whole force under your command acted like veterans, and you may justly feel round of the manner in which they conducted themselves on the well-contested battle-field of Belmont.

H. DOUGHERTY,

Colonel Twenty-second Regiment Illinois Volunteers.

Brigadier General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Forces in Southeast Missouri.

No. 10. Report of Captain John E. Detrich, commanding detachment Twenty-second Illinois and Seventh Iowa Infantry.

CAMP LYON, Bird's Point, Mo., November 16, 1861.

After the disembarkation of the Union forces above Belmont on the 7th instant two companies from the Seventh Iowa and three companies from the Twenty-second Illinois were placed under my command, with orders to protect the transports. While waiting for the forces which were debarked to advance out some distance from the river, before throwing out pickets I received orders from one of General Grant's aides to march the detachment down the river road to a ravine on the point immediately above Belmont, where another road approached the river, with instructions to engage any detachment of the enemy which might attempt to approach that way, and to observe the firing and movements of the enemy as closely as possible, and to ct accordingly for the protection of the transports. As soon as possible after reaching the ravine I threw out pickets on each road in the direction of Belmont. The position was well selected, and commanded both roads. Although under some of the enemy's guns on the Iron Banks, right on the opposite side of the river, the ravine so sheltered the detachment under my command that no injury was sustained there-their shot and shell mostly passing over us, only a few striking near, and only one in the ravine at that place.

