
COLUMBUS, KY., December 7, 1861.

S. COOPER, Adjutant-General:

In my report of the battles of Columbus and Belmont you will find I speak of the enemy in the plural-they, them, &amp;c. In the copy you are making for Congress will you please do me the favor to change it to the singular-he, him, &c.?

L. POLK,

RICHMOND, December 9, 1861

General L. POLK, Columbus, Ky.:

Your telegram of 7th received too late. Copies of your report had already been sent to Congress.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

RICHMOND, December 13, 1861.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK:

SIR: I have the pleasure to transmit herewith a copy of a complimentary resolution passed by the Congress of the Confederate States, and approved December 6, 1861.

JEFFERSON DAVIS,

[Inclosure.]

Numbers 298. RESOLUTIONS of thanks to Major General Leonidas Polk, Brigadier General Gideon J. Pillow, Brigadier General Benjamin F. Cheatham, and the officers and soldiers under their command, for gallant and distinguished services in the present war.

Whereas, under the providence of God, the valor of the soldiers of the Confederate States has added another glorious victory, achieved at Belmont, in the State of Missouri, on the 7th day of November last to those which had been so graciously vouchsafed to our arms, whereby the reduction of Columbus, in the State of Kentucky, has been prevented, and the contemplated descent of the enemy down the Mississippi River effectually staid: Therefore,

Be it resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the thanks of Congress are most heartily tendered to Major General Leonidas Polk, Brigadier General Gideon J. Pillow, Brigadier General Benjamin F. Cheatham, and the officers and soldiers of their gallant commands, for the desperate courage they exhibited in sustaining for several hours and under most disadvantageous circumstances, an attack by a force of the enemy greatly superior to their own both in numbers and appointments, and for the skill and gallantry by which they converted what at first threatened so much disaster into a triumphant victory.

Resolved further, That these resolutions are intended to express what is believed to be the grateful and admiring sentiment of the whole people of the Confederacy.

Resolved further, That they be communicated to the commands of Major-General Polk, Brigadier-General Pillow, and Brigadier-General Cheatham by the proper department of the Government.

ALEXANDER H. STEPHENS,

President of the Congress pro tempore.

Approved December 6, 1861.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

