
Infantry, and to the respective captains, lieutenants, and privates under their immediate commands in the several engagements. A full and complete list of the names of officers and privates is hereto attached, and made a part of this report.*

Surg. W. C. Boon, of Fayette, Howard County, Missouri, and John J. Grinstead, of Chariton County, and Asst. Surg. S. A. Peters, of Boone County, Missouri, by their unremitting attention to the wounded in the several engagements and the skill and success with which they performed a number of critical surgical operations, are entitled to the highest commendation.

Before),") this report I desire to express my thanks to Brigadier General M. M. Parsons, Colonels Weightman, Kelly, Rosser, and O'Kane, Major Dills, Captains Bledsoe and Guibor, with whom I was thrown during the engagement, and who at the head of their respective forces cordially and efficiently united and acted with me in every movement of the forces under my command. Brigadier-Generals Slack and Rains, with portions of their respective commands, engaged the enemy at point which could not be observed from my position, and I therefore am unable to speak from personal observation of their movements.

I avail myself of this opportunity to tender my thanks to Colonel Thomas L. Senad and Colonel William M. Cooke, who volunteered to me their services though the several engagements, and gave me most valuable aid, and under circumstances of continued exposure of their lives.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. B. CLARK,

Brigadier-General, Third Division Mo. S. G.

His Excellency C. F. JACKSON,

Commander-in-Chief Missouri State Guard.

Numbers 9. Report of Brigadier General William Y. Slack, commanidng Fourth Division Missouri State Guard.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION MISSOURI STATE GUARD,July 7, 1861.

The undersigned, commanding the Fourth Division, begs leave to report that on the 5th of July instant his command consisted of Colonel B. A. Rives' regiment of cavalry, in the aggregate 500 men,and Colonel John T. Hughes' regiment and J. C. Thornton's battalion of infantry, in the aggregate 700 men. At 11 a. m. of the 5th we met the enemy, 2,300 strong, in the road 8 miles north of Carthage, in Jasper County, where the line of battle was formed. Colonel Hughes' regiment, with Major Thornton's battalion, under Hughes' command, formed the center of the line, the right being formed by the infantry of Colonel Weightman and Colonel O'Kane, the left with the infantry under General Clark. The enemy's position being 700 yards in our front, a brisk cannonading was opened from the batteries on both sides, which was kept up for fifty-five minutes. Colonel Rives' regiment of cavalry was ordered to threaten the night flank and rear of the enemy, which he did with considerable success, diverting their fire from the front.

The enemy retired from their first position with considerable loss,

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

