
a.m. of that day, by my order, he caused the Second Regiment Tennessee Volunteers, Colonel J. Knox Walker commanding, to be moved down to the river and sent over to Brigadier-General Pillow, commanding the troops at Belmont."

Lieutenant-Colonel Ross, of the Second Regiment of Tennessee Volunteers, says his regiment left his camp "at 10 o'clock and proceeded across the river, and arrived on the field of battle between 10 and 11 o'clock." His officers say (vide Numbers 17) by 10.30 o'clock.

Here, then, are one regiment, two batteries, and a squadron of horse, not only before the expiration of "four long hours," but before the lapse of half an hour.

General Smith also says (vide Numbers 26): "Immediately after the Second Regiment was brought forward to the river and embarked, by your order, I brought down the Fifteenth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers, and sent the regiment over to Belmont."

This statement of General Smith's is supported by that of the officers of the regiment, as furnished by its present commander, Colonel R. C. Tyler (vide Numbers 22) who says it "passed over between 10 and 11 o'clock." We have thus a second regiment.

General Smith says (vide Numbers 26); "The Eleventh Louisiana Regiment, Colonel Marks commanding, was also sent over immediately after the Fifteenth Tennessee."

Lieutenant-Colonel Barrow, commanding the Eleventh Louisiana on that day, says (vide Numbers 35): "The Eleventh Louisiana Regiment received orders to leave their camp to cross the river on the 7th of November between 10.30 and 11 o'clock a.m. It reached the river in double-quick in about 10 minutes; there found a regiment waiting to cross (the Fifteenth Tennessee) which preceded the Eleventh Louisiana about 15 minutes. Our regiment was landed at Belmont between 11.15 and 11.30 o'clock, and engaged the enemy a few minutes before 12 m." This is the third re-enforcing regiment. Others, as the One hundred and fifty-fourth Tennessee and Blythe's Mississippi regiments, composing part of General Cheatham's division, were brought to the river bank, but in consequence of the fierceness of the fire of the enemy on our transports and, the width of the river, some delay was inevitable. They, however, were taken over by myself under the cover of the enemy's guns, and united in completing the rout of the enemy, driving him to his boats and in his boats up the river.

The first check experienced by the enemy was produced by a cross-fire of artillery which I had directed from a light battery placed on the river bank opposite his own battery and from the heavy batteries of the fort. This fire, which was very heavy and destructive, drove him from the field, and started him for his boats.

As he turned to retire he encountered Colonel Marks on his flank first, and then the forces of General Pillow's army-over which he had lost control-which had been rallied, under my orders, by General Cheatham. These troops, with those from Cheatham's division, taken over by me-their commander having been sent forward to rally the shattered regiments wandering on the river bank-completed the rout.

Thus far, then, as to re-enforcements, which he had asked for and never received.

But he was as ill-used as to ammunition as he was to re-enforcements, having to fight "four long hours" without receiving an additional supply of that, and was compelled to make three successive and

21 R R-VOL III

