
desperate, but "successful, charges with the bayonet," "driving back the enemy on his heavy reserves."

He had five regiments under his command.

The testimony of Colonel Tappan, Thirteenth Arkansas (vide Numbers 34), is that his regiment "did not get out of ammunition at any time during "that his did not give out till 2 p.m."

Colonel Russell, Twelfth Tennessee, says (vide Numbers 18) "he got out of ammunition," but directed "his men to get more out of boxes," which he told me privately General Pillow had told him "were under the river bank, where he found them."

Colonel Freeman, Twenty-second Tennessee, says (vide Numbers 24) "he does not think that any of his companies got out of ammunition entirely during the day"; that his officers, " when his ammunition was getting low, saw ammunition landing from a boat, helped themselves and distributed to the men."

Lieutenant-Colonel Vaughan, Thirteenth Tennessee, says (vide Numbers 21) "he was nearly out, but being ordered to retire to the river bank, where he would find a fresh supply he proceeded thither, and helped himself."

It does not appear, then, that of the five regiments under General Pillow's command, any one of them was at any time during the first "four long hours" of the fight out of ammunition except that of Colonel Russell, and white it is not certain that his was entirely out, it appears he found a supply ready at hand, and, as I have remarked, Colonel Russell told me privately he was directed to that ammunition by General Pillow himself.

Besides this testimony, General Smith (vide Numbers 26) says, in reference to the supplies of ammunition sent over to Belmont, "I have to say that between the hours of 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. several requests from General Pillow were received, asking that ammunition be sent over, all of which were promptly attended to by myself and Captain Sharpe, Company A, Blythe's Mississippi regiment, who was brigade officer of the day for my brigade, and whom I had directed to remain near me to render such assistance as I might require. I attended to the shipment of this ammunition in person."

See also (Numbers 39) statement of Captain Butler, of steamer Prince, who transported it, to the same effect.

It was, however, necessary for General Pillow to have his troops get out of ammunition to warrant the three desperate bayonet charges which he says he made in quick succession.

He says, "Getting neither re-enforcements nor ammunition, and being without the means of keeping up a line of fire, and pressed hard by the enemy, I had nothing left me but the bayonet; I ordered the charge, and drove back the enemy's line against his strong reserves."

This, he says, he did "again" and yet "again," making three of such charges. He then adds, "After four hours of hard fighting against a force [of] three times my own, and after a loss of quite a fourth of the forces engaged, to save my command I at last ordered the line to fall back to the river bank. There I met with Colonel Knox Walker's regiment, the first support sent me."

As to these three several bayonet charges, see the statements of colonels, already referred to.

Colonel Russell says his regiment "charged the enemy but once in the forenoon," but says nothing of the effects of that charge.

Colonel Tappan says:

We had been engaged about three-quarters of an hour, when the order was given to charge. As the enemy was not visible to my regiment, up to this time, being posted

