
unused to war, and in their first engagement, they stood and received a fire from the enemy which might have made veterans quail, and did not abandon their position until their object was accomplished, and they were ordered by General Pillow to retire. To mention all the individual acts of bravery and gallant bearing would make this report too lengthy. Suffice it to say that all, officers and men, behaved themselves bravely and coolly, and to my entire satisfaction.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. V. WRIGHT,

Colonel, Commanding Thirteenth Tennessee Regiment.

Colonel J. KNOX WALKER,

Commanding First Brigade, First Division.

Numbers 21. Report of Colonel A. J. Vaughan, jr., Thirteenth Tennessee Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH TENNESSEE REGIMENT,February 15, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with your request [copy following], I have the honor to state that in the battle of Belmont, on November 7 last, the Thirteenth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers, then under the command of Colonel John V. Wright, was formed on the left of Watson's Battery, and occupied the extreme left of our line of battle, which position it held until nearly the last round of ammunition was exhausted, when we received orders to retire to the bank of the river, where we would find a fresh supply. After supplying ourselves with ammunition the regiment was reformed and ordered to join in a flank movement to intercept the retreat of the enemy, which was promptly obeyed, and in a short time we came in sight of the fleeing enemy, whom we pursued to their gunboats, some distance up the river.

During the engagement the Thirteenth Tennessee Regiment came to no direct bayonet charge, and if an order was given to charge bayonets, it was never received by the Thirteenth Regiment.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. J. VAUGHAN, JR.,

Colonel Thirteenth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers.

Major-General POLK,

First Division, Western Department, Columbus, Ky.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, February -, 1862.

Colonel VAUGHAN, Thirteenth Tennessee Volunteers:

The truth of history may require certain facts to be fixed by the testimony of parties best qualified to fix them. I have to ask, therefore, that you would, at your earliest convenience, reply to the following inquiries:

1st. Did your regiment get out of ammunition on the day of the battle of Belmont?

2nd. Did your regiment receive an order to charge the enemy during

