
the day? If so, how many times did you receive such an order, and how many times did you make a charge?

3rd. When you were ordered to charge, was the enemy in sight?

4th. When you charged, did you reach the enemy's position or did your regiment for any reason stop short of it?

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

L. POLK,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 22. Report of Colonel R. C. Tyler, Fifteenth Tennessee Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTEENTH TENNESSEE VOLUNTEERS,Camp Donelson, Tenn., July 14, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with your wish I forward for your information the following statements as to the time the Fifteenth Tennessee Volunteers crossed the River at Columbus, Ky., on November 7, 1861:

Statement of Adjutant John B. Kent, Fifteenth Tennessee Volunteers.

The Fifteenth Tennessee Volunteers received orders to procure a supply of ammunition and proceed to the river at about 9 a.m. and crossed the river at from 10 to 11 a.m., having awaited transportation for some time on the river bank. First Lieutenant Ed. Doyle, Company C, says the regiment crossed about 11 a.m. Captain R. B. Donelson states that the Fifteenth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers crossed the river at from 10 to 11 a.m. Dr. Frank Rice, at the time surgeon of the Fifteenth Tennessee Volunteers, states that they crossed at about 11 a.m. Captain T. W. Erskin states they passed over between 10 and 11 a.m.

As per above statements, my impressions are that the Fifteenth crossed about 11 a.m.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. TYLER,

Colonel Fifteenth Tennessee Volunteers.

Major General L. POLK.

Numbers 23. Report of Colonel Ed. Pickett, jr., Twenty-first Tennessee Infantry, with interrogatories from General Polk and answers thereto.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIRST REGIMENT TENNESSEE VOLS.,SECOND BRIGADE FIRST DIVISION,

Columbus, Ky., November 8, 1861.

SIR: In obedience to an order personally delivered to me by Brigadier-General Pillow, I formed my regiment in the original line of battle on the left of the brigade, the battery being on my left, which I was ordered to support. Upon receipt of your order, I deployed as skirmishers Company B, Captain R. I. Person. For want of space, after the return of the skirmishers, the left company of my regiment was partially in the rear of the battery. When I observed firing from our lines on my right, I ordered my command to commence firing by file, the enemy

