
Numbers 10. Report of Colonel B. A. Rives, First Cavalry, Fourth Division Missouri State Guard.

CAMP, COWSKIN PRAIRIE, July 24, 1861.

SIR: In obedience to your orders I herewith submit a brief report of the participation of the First Regiment Cavalry, Fourth Division Missouri State Guard, in the engagement of the 5th of July.

My regiment was stationed on the extreme left of our line of battle within seven or eight hundred yards of the batteries of the enemy. A brisk cannonade was opened on our lined about 10 o'clock a. m. At the second discharge from the enemy's guns two horses of my command were killed, and grape shot and shell fell thick in our ranks, the officers and men remaining perfectly cool under the fire. I was ordered by you to flank the enemy's right and threaten his rear, which order was executed with as little delay as possible, having to tear down a strong plank fence which was directly in our way. In executing this order a masked battery, discharging grape shot and shell, was opened on my regiment, by which I lost 4 brave and gallant men. Captain John N. Stone, of Company D, fell bravely leading his command. First Sergt. Joel Stamper and Private James Heron, of Company G, and Private William R. Burton, of Company A, were either killed or mortally wounded in this action.

I crossed Bear Creek, and after the second engagement between our artillery and infantry and that of the enemy I got in front of the enemy, and formed my command on the north side of Buck Branch, in conjunction with Colonel Brown, commanding First Regiment Cavalry, Sixth Division Missouri State Guard, when another short engagement, ensued, but Colonel Wightman coming up with his artillery, the enemy again retreated.

I was then ordered to report to and co-operate with Brigadier-General Rains, and endeavor to intercept the retreat of the enemy through Carthage, but in consequence of the difficulty in crossing Spring River, when we arrived there the enemy had passed through the town, being hotly pursued by Colonel Hughes and others. I joined in the pursuit and continued it on foot until dark. Captain McNeil, of Company B, being separated from my command, succeeded in capturing a portion of the transportation and baggage of the enemy.

Too much credit cannot be awarded to the officers and men under my command for the bravery exhibited by them on this their first battle-field, and the fidelity with which they executed my commands.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

B. A. RIVES,

Colonel, Commanding First Reg't Cavalry, Second Div. Mo. S. G.

Brigadier General W. Y. SLACK.

Numbers 11. Report of Brigadier General Monroe M. Parsons, commanding Sixth Division Missouri State Guard.
HDQRS. 6TH DIV. MO. S. G., 1ST DIV. ARMY CORPS,Camp on Cowskin Prairie, July 10, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you the movements of my division in front of the enemy on the 4th and 5th instants.

