
There were 27 muskets, some knapsacks, and clothing taken by the command, the first of which has been turned over to the quartermaster; also one mule, which has been reported to the quartermaster.

I cannot speak too highly of the bearing of the officers and men of my command. They displayed the greatest coolness and determined courage, and, although under fire for the first time, bore themselves like veterans, sustaining the reputation of Tennesseeans and Mississippians on the glorious battle-fields of New Orleans and Buena Vista.

I have also to report the taking of seven wagons, with a small lot of ammunition and officers' camp furniture, by Lieutenant-Colonel Wright, which was brought down, under the orders of Major-General Polk, by Brigadier-General Cheatham and myself and turned over to the Quartermaster's Department.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PRESTON SMITH,

Colonel One hundred and fifty-fourth Senior Reg't, Tenn., Vol.,

Commanding First Brigade, Second Division.

Colonel JAS. D. PORTER, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIFTH Brigadier, FIRST DIV., ARMY OF MISS.,July 13, 1862.

GENERAL: In answer to your interrogatories I have to say that on November 7, 1861, I was on duty as general officer of the day for the army at Columbus, Ky., As part of my duty I reported to you early on that morning information of the movements which I had acquired. I found you in the saddle, being already advised of the movements of the enemy. Notice was sent to the several brigade commanders to have their troops in hand ready to move at a moment's notice, fully equipped for the field and ready for action.

Between the hours of 9 and 10 a.m. of that day, by your direction, I caused the Second Tennessee Regiment, Lieutenant Colonel W. B. Ross commanding to be moved down to the river and sent over to Brigadier-General Pillow, commanding the troops at Belmont, this officer having gone over with several regiments at an early hour of the morning. Immediately after the Second Tennessee Regiment was brought forward to the river and embarked by your order I brought down the Fifteenth Tennessee Regiment, Major J. W. Hambleton commanding, and sent this regiment over to Belmont. The Eleventh Louisiana Regiment, Colonel Marks commanding, was also sent over immediately after the Fifteenth Tennessee; these last-named two regiments being crossed over by 10.30 a.m. or soon after. By this hour (10.30 a.m.) the light batteries of Captains Jackson and Polk had also been sent over on the steamboat H. W. R. Hill. A squadron of cavalry had been previously sent over under Lieutenant-Colonel Logwood.

In reference to the supply of ammunition sent over to Belmont I have to say that between the hours of 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. several requests from General Pillow were received asking that ammunition be sent over, all of which were promptly attended to by myself and Captain Sharpe, Company A, Blythe's Mississippi regiment, who was brigade officer of the day for my brigade, and whom I had directed to remain near me to render such assistance as I might require. I attended to the shipping of this ammunition in person. I remained near you at the river, except when absent to execute some order of yours, until about 1

