
efficient service in dispersing the enemy who had possession of Colonel Tappan's camp. I refer to his report for the details.

Your obedient servant,

W. H. STEPHENS,

Colonel Sixth Reg't Tenn. Vols., Commanding 2nd Brigade, 2nd Division.

Brigadier General B. F. CHEATHAM,

Commanding Second Division.

Numbers 29. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John H. Miller, First Mississippi Cavalry Battalion.

CAMP MOORE, NEAR COLUMBUS, KY.,

November 8, 1861

SIR: In obedience to the order of Brigadier General B. F. Cheatham, I have the honor to report to you the part taken by the First Battalion of Mississippi Cavalry, under my command, in the engagement of the 7th instant, in which a glorious victory was achieved by our forces. And first allow me to record with gratitude the kind Providence which shielded us in the day of battle and saved so many from "the destruction that wasteth at noonday."

The squadron of cavalry under the command of Captain A. J. Bowlers, consisting of the Thompson Cavalry and Bolivar Troop, Lieutenant L. Jones commanding, were the only part of my command in the engagement, and I herewith hand you the report of Captain Bowlers of his skirmishers with the enemy before the general engagement began. Those companies had been detached from my battalion for a month past, and encamped on the west side of the river, with the Thirteenth Arkansas Regiment, Colonel Tappan commanding and the Watson Battery, Captain Beltzhoover commanding, and acting as pickets and reconnaissants for those forces. In accordance with your order it being expected that an attack would be made on the Kentucky side, my companies on the east side of the river were stationed as pickets on the different roads leading to Columbus. I crossed the river to join that portion of my command there, and reached the field about 10.30 o'clock a.m., and very soon the engagement opened I am proud and happy to learn from the gallant Colonel Tappan, of the Thirteenth Arkansas Regiment, that the two companies named above did the most effective service, and held the enemy in check most steadily until time was given to dispose our forces and form the line of battle. And I now also declare my high appreciation of the gallantry which I learned was displayed by Captain Bowlers of the Thompson Cavalry, and Lieutenant Jones, of the Bolivar Troop, and the noble men under their command. Soon after my arrival on the field, Captain Bowles and Lieutenant Jones came in with their companies and placed them at my disposal. By order of Brigadier-their companies and placed them at my disposal. By order of Brigadier-General Pillow, a position was assigned to me near the left wing, and very soon the battle raged in all its fury around us, and no men ever fought more bravely or retired more steadily when forced from their position by overwhelming numbers than did many in our lines. My men did their duty and retired in order to the river. I there received an order from Brigadier-General Pillow in person too meet the enemy below, who were attempting to flank us on the left. I immediately ordered my squadron down the river along the narrow defile between

