
then ordered my companies to fall back, which was done in good order, and again took a position and repulsed their skirmishers a second time. This manner of fighting continued for an hour and a half, until we had fallen back upon our infantry. I then received orders from Brigadier-General Pillow to move to the extreme left of our lines, at which time Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Miller came from his post at Columbus, Ky., and I resigned my command to him.

A. J. BOWLES,

Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. MILLER,

First Battalion Mississippi Cavalry.

No. 31. Report of Captain Melancthon Smith, C. S. Army, commanding Light Artillery.

CAMP MOORE,

Columbus, Ky., November 9, 1861.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that during the battle of Thursday, the 7th instant, at about 2 o'clock p.m., I received orders, through Lieutenant Snowden, of the Engineer Corps, from General Polk to take position with my battery near the old mill on the bank of the river and open fire on the enemy, they being in force on the opposite bank. Have possession of the camp of Colonel Tappan's regiment.

This order I executed, the battery keeping up a brisk fire with shot and shell until the enemy retired.

Very respectfully, I am, sir, your obedient servant,

MELANCTHON SMITH,

Commanding Light Battery.

Colonel WILLIAM H. STEPHENS,

Commanding Second Brigade, Second Division.

No. 32. Report of Brigadier General J. P. McCown, C. S. Army, commanding Third Division.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,Columbus, Ky., November 9, 1861.

In obedience to your instructions I have the honor to report the part my division (Third) took in the action of the 7th instant.

Early in the morning of the 7th my advance picket reported two gunboats and transports comind down the river, and soon afterwards that the boats had landed on the Missouri shore and were disembarking troops. I at once advanced Captain R. A. Stewart, Pointe Coupee Battery, under the protection, of Lieutenant-Colonel Kennedy, Louisiana Battalion. The two gunboats dropped down the river, and were at once engaged with Captain Stewart's battery and Captain Hamilton's siege-guns. The battery below also opened upon the gunboats. After half an hour's engagement the boats were driven up the river. The major-general came upon the field and informed me that he anticipated an attack on this side.

