
and his company have been both arounds and useful. I respectfully invite attention to his report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. CARLIN,

Colonel, Commanding.

The ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Western Department, Saint Louis, Mo.

No. 2. Report of Captain H. P. Hawkins, Independent Company Missouri Cavalry.

PATTERSON, MO., Sunday p.m., November 16, 1861.

SIR: In conformity with your desire, expressed in order of 12th instant and received at Greenville, I visited Doniphan, Ripley County, and went within 6 miles of the State line. I have just returned to this place with my company, all safe. I succeeded in capturing the lieutenant in command of the rebel pickets at Doniphan. Owing to our want of knowledge of their location, the rest were enabled to escape by a most precipitate retreat. From the manner of their start, would not be astonished to hear they were still running. We followed them on the Pitman Ferry road some 2 miles south of Doniphan, and would have gone through to the ferry, but prudence dictated a retreat. We had accomplished all we expected. We routed the pickets, captured 1 or 2 horses, several guns, pistols, blankets, saddles, &amp;c.

I am reliably informed that Colonel Borland is in command of the forces about Pocahontas. The militia of ten counties is ordered out for thirty days to capture Pilot Knob. I do not hank the colonel will cross the State line. The infantry (3,000, to be increased to 10,000) is stationed at Walnut Springs, 5 miles north of Pocahontas. The cavalry (1,700) are stationed as follows: 1,000 are stationed 5 miles south of Pitman's Ferry, 400 are stationed at different points between the main body and the ferry, 300 were stationed 3 miles south of town; the pickets stationed at Doniphan were about 15, in charge of a lieutenant. He reports the pickets numerous, and from 10 to 20 at each post.

I find the southern part of the State stripped of almost every kind of produce, and many families along our route are absolutely suffering for many of the necessaries of life. I found the inhabitants in great fear of outrages supposed to be committed by the Federal troops. I adopted a mild and uniform course of treatment towards those persons with whom we came in contact. It was expected by the rebel citizens of Doniphan that we would destroy their town. Mr. Leeper, myself, and one or two others acquainted with the families of some of the prominent citizens, called on their families, and advised the men to remain at home and live as they had heretofore, loyal citizens. I am well satisfied our trip below has done much good towards reconciliation and establishing a friendly feeling towards our Union troops.

My orders are to "remain at Greenville till further orders." Want of subsistence and shoeing of horses compelled me to return to this point. It is 10 miles north of Greenville, and a much more desirable place to camp. Will remain here until further orders. My men are all in good condition. Many of my horses are badly used up.

