
Hoping the course pursued by officers and men of my command will meet you approbation.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

HENRY P. HAWKINS,

Commanding Independent Missouri Cavalry.

Colonel WILLIAM P. CARLIN,

Commanding Post Pilot Knob, Mo.

NOVEMBER 13-18, 1861.-Scout through Texas and Wright Counties, Mo.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Colonel G. M. Dodge, Fourth Iowa Infantry.

No. 2.-Captain S. N. Wood, Kansas Rangers.

No. 1. Report of Colonel G. M. Dodge, Fourth Iowa Infantry.
HDQRS. POST ROLLA, MO., November 19, 1861.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I sent a scouting party, consisting of 22 men of Captain S. N. Wood's Rangers, under command of Sergeant Aylesworth, to Wright County, Missouri. Four of the party, under Sergeant Adams, met 18 of the enemy, and routed them, killing 9 and wounding 4. Sergeant Adams was slightly wounded. The detachment brought in 17 prisoners.

I am, very respectfully,G. M. DODGE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, Mo.

No. 2. Report of Captain S. N. Wood, Kansas Rangers.

ROLLA, MO., November 18, 1861.

Agreeably to orders, I sent Sergeant Aylesworth with 20 men to Texas County with Captain Hackney. Sergeant Aylesworth reports that they left camp last Wednesday. Traveled 24 miles southwest of Rolla to Big Piney. Thursday went to Roubadon Creek, taking as prisoners all the men reported by Captain Hackney except 3, who were killed in their efforts to escape. From there they went to Beaver Creek, and encamped at Mr. Hunter's. Sent Sergeant Adams and three men to arrest Mr. Pitcocks, a notorious rebel. They met with an unexpected resistance, 18 men, well armed, being collected to resist them. The boys nevertheless pitched in. A sharp contest ensued, lasing fifteen minutes. Sergeant Adams was slightly wounded with a bullet in the breast. The enemy who were not killed fled. Our boys caught 6 prisoners, having killed 9 men in the contest. My men bring in 17 prisoners and 4 horses. Sergeant Adams, James and Andrew Crabtree, and Essman, privates, deserve praise for coolness in action.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

S. N. WOOD,

Captain, Commanding Kansas Rangers.

Colonel G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Post Rolla, Mo.

