
as promptly as they could. The river being deep, and the men wearied from their long exertion, I turned my carriage back to ford them over the stream. Immediately thereafter I ordered them to the front at as quick a pace as I thought they were able to march. About this time i heard cannonading in Carthage, about one mile in advance. Hurrying up with my infantry, I arrived in town, and found there a body of cavalry. I ordered them to the front immediately. Passing to the east of the town I found my artillery engaged with the enemy at a mile distant, the enemy having occupied the wood at my left, about 400 yards distant. By this timber, Colonel Kelly having arrived with my infantry, I ordered him to advance immediately and take possession of the wood to my left. After a few minutes' sharp firing the enemy was again dislodged and in full retreat across the prairie.

It is due to Major Dills, of the infantry, and to Captain Alexander, of the mounted service, to say that they and their commands acted with great discretion and bravery in driving the enemy from this last position.

At this position it is with retreat that I report to your excellency that one of my braves and best officers fell at the head of his command, viz, Captain McKinzie, of the Clark Township Southern Guards. Your excellency will pardon me for the digression when I state that this valuable officer was my orderly sergeant through Doniphan's campaign in Mexico, when we were striving to uphold the very flag which now floats at the head of the menials that attempt to oppress us. I deem this testimonial of my regard for him as due on account of our long association together in defense of our country.

Our army at this time (it being sunset) having driven the enemy beyond the mills east of Carthage, which it was my original intention to occupy, and having ordered my commissary, Colonel Roberts, to move forward with a detachment to take possession of a considerable quantity of flour which I had ascertained was in the mill, I then directed my infantry and cavalry and artillery to retire into camp about one-quarter of a mile to the east of Carthage.

While it is due that I should say to your excellency that my artillery and cavalry acted with the greatest bravery and precision; and, without any intention to detract from the merits of any other officer upon the field, it is due that I should call to your excellency's especial notice the ability and daring of Colonel Kelly, of my regiment of infantry, and all the officers under his command; also Major Dills and the battalion under his command, and also Captain Guibor and Lieutenant Barlwo, of the artillery. I might recount several instances of personal valor of the two last-mentioned officers which came under my own observation, but it is sufficient to say that by their prowess the artillery of my division won a position upon the field. I will also state that I was gallantly sustained upon the field by all my staff.

My casualties were as follows: Killed, Captain McKinzie, wounded, Jesse Gilfillan, second lieutenant, Colonel Kelly's regiment; Thomas Doyle, William D. Hicks, and Garret Scott. Captain Lucius Gaines, of Major Dill's battalion; B. F. Asbury, of Captain Crews' company, and R. E. Baber, of Captain Livingston's company, were slightly wounded. The number of the enemy killed and wounded in the field has, I presume, been already reported to you by the proper authorities.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. M. PARSONS,

Brigadier-General.

Gov. C. F. JACKSON,

Commander-in-Chief Missouri State Guard.

