
I concur in the importance and policy of General Harney's recommendations, and believe that it will end our troubles here and enable our troops to do service elsewhere.

FRANK P. BLAIR, Jr.,

Colonel First Regiment Missouri Volunteers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE, No. 135. Washington, May 16, 1861.

Brigadier General W. S. Harney is relieved from command of the Department of the West, and is granted leave of absence until further orders.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

L. THOMAS,Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., May 17, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I deem it of the highest importance that 10,000 stand of arms be placed at my disposal at the earliest moment possible for issue to reliable Union men in Missouri. Loyal men are now being driven from the State by the secessionists. Calls are constantly made upon me by Union men for arms, that they may be enabled to defend themselves.

I also earnestly advise that Iowa be called upon to furnish at least 6,000 men for the war and Minnesota 3,000, and that this force be placed at my disposal for operations in Missouri, should it be required for the purpose.

Please answer by telegraph.

WM. S. HARNEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE WEST,Saint Louis, Mo., May 22, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith for the information of the General-in-Chief and the Secretary of War a copy of a proclamation addressed by me to the people of Missouri in connection with the agreement entered into between Major General Sterling Price and myself, May 21, 1861, a copy of which was forwarded at its date.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. HARNEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

To the people of the State of Missouri:

I take great pleasure in submitting to you the following paper, signed by General Price, commanding the forces of the State, and by myself, on the part of the Government of the United States. It will be seen

