
JEFFERSON CITY, MO., May 24, 1861.

General W. S. HARNEY,

U. S. A.:

I am satisfied your information is incorrect. It cannot be that arms or men are coming into Missouri from any quarter without the knowledge of the governor or myself. We have no such information. I advise that you do not send a regiment into the southwest; it will exasperate our own people. I have attended to dispatches inclosed me by you from Springfield and Saint Joseph. I am dismissing my troops, and I will carry out our agreement faithfully.

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding Missouri State Guard.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE WEST,Saint Louis, Mo., May 27, 1861.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

Commanding Missouri State Guard, Jefferson City, Mo.:

GENERAL: I am just in receipt of a telegraphic dispatch from Springfield, Mo., which seems to be reliable, that a force is either organized or being organized in Arkansas, near the Missouri line, with the avowed purpose of entering this State to disturb its relation with the General Government. I lose no time in communicating this intelligence, in order that you may not be misled by rumors of measures which may be necessary on my part to meet this threatened hostility. In our recent arrangement a contingency like this was not looked for, and in any event in could hardly be expected of you to assume the responsibility of repelling an invasion from Arkansas which, should further information justify an expectation of it, must be met by myself.

I take great pleasure in expressing the belief that our late meeting in this city will result in the good of our common country.

I have the honor to be, general, with high respect, your obedient servant,

WM. S. HARNEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., May 27, 1861.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

Jefferson City, Mo.:

I have information by telegraph from Springfield to-day that a reliable citizen of that place saw on Saturday last troops enlisted in Benton County, Arkansas, and marched to Union Springs, 2 miles from the Missouri line, to be encamped there. It is said to be the purpose of those troops to enter Missouri. I write by mail.

WM. S. HARNEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE WEST,Saint Louis, Mo., May 27, 1861.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

Missouri State Guard:

GENERAL: I am in receipt of numerous communications setting forth that aggressions continue to be committed upon Union men in different portions of Missouri, more especially at and in the vicinity of Springfield, Hannibal, Saint Joseph, and Kansas City.

These complaints, coming as they do from sources which I regard as reliable, occasion me no little embarrassment, and I have through it might, perhaps, become my duty to afford protection at the places

