
JULY 5, 1861.-Capture of Union Troops at Neosho, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Captain Joseph Conrad, Third Missouri Infantry (Union.)

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General McCulloch, C. S. Army.

Numbers 3.-Captain James McIntosh, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Captain Joseph Conrad, Third Missouri Infantry (Union).

SPRINGFIELD, MO., July 11, 1861.

SIR: In accordance with your order, I most respectfully make hereby a statement of facts concerning the surrender of myself and men at Neosho, July 5, 1861:

After you had left Neosho, on the 4th day of July, I observed that the city was very unquiet. I took all necessary precautions, by placing extra sentinels and sending out patrols every half hour, day and night. The Fourth passe off quietly.

On the 5th day of July the same precaution was taken. About 11 o'clock I heard the cannonading, whereon I immediately dispatched a patrol of 20 men, under the command of Lieutenant Damde, to inquire, if possible, the cause of it. At 1 o'clock I received orders, signed by Brigade Quartermaster Richardson, to retreat with my command, if necessary. Lieutenant Damde, with his patrol returned about the same time. They had scarcely returned-in fact, had not been in camp more than ten minutes-before the enemy came pouring in in all direction to the number of about 1,200 to 1,500 men, under the command of Colonel Churchill and Major McIntosh (Arkansas Rangers). Finding it impassible for me to hold my post with success, after due deliberation, after due consultation with my officers and men, I concluded it would be best to make the surrender as it was required-namely, unconditionally.

We were, after the surrender of our arms, placed in the court-house, where we remained until Monday, the 8th.

I must mention here that the officers of the Arkansas Rangers, as well as of the Missouri troops, behaved themselves quietly, accommodatingly, and friendly, both towards myself and men; but their privates, on the contrary, in a most insulting and brutal manner.

On the 8th we were released, we officers having before given our parole of honor not to serve any more against the Confederate States of America during the war, my men having before sworn to the same effect. We left Neosho on the evening of the 8th at 5.30 o'clock, with an escort of about 30 men, under the command of Captain Boone, for our security and protection, the people of Neosho and farmers of that vicinity having threatened to kill us in the streets. Captain Boone escorted us about 4 miles from the camp. After innumerable hardships and dangers, without food and water, our canteens having all been stolen from us by the Southern troops, we at last reached Springfield, my men all broken down, having traveled the distance of 85 miles in fifty hours, with hardly any food at all.

Having made this statement, I respectfully place the same in your hands to judge my actions.

Very respectfully, yours,

JOSEPH CONRAD,

Captain of Rifle Company B, Third Regiment Mo. Vols.

Colonel F. SIGEL.

