
above indicated to the extent of authorizing the organization of Home Guards, unless you can give me assurances that such a measure is unnecessary, and I trust that the raising of a force of this description at any point, for home purposes merely, should occasion seem to me to require it, would not be regarded by your as an infraction of the agreement entered into between us the 21st instant.

I shall be glad to hear from you upon the subject of this communication at your earliest convenience.

I have the honor to be, general, with high respect, your obedient servant,

WM. S. HARNEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., May 28, 1861.

General W. S. HARNEY:

Your informant must be mistaken; neither the governor nor myself know anything of troops being raised in Arkansas for Missouri. Should any troops enter our borders, I will cause them to return instanter.

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding Missouri Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE GUARD,Jefferson City, Mo., May 29, 1861.

Brigadier General W. S. HARNEY,

U. S. A., Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your two communications of date 27th instant.

In reply to your propositions to establish or organize Home Guards in certain localities, I have to say, that such a step, in my opinion, would bring about the very state of things we mutually desire to avoid, to wit, hostilities between the Federal and State Governments. In the present state of excitement among the people, the arming of one portion of a community by the Federal Government would very naturally be looked upon by the other in a spirit of jealousy, and, in my opinion, would have a tendency to excite those who now hold conservative peace positions into exactly the contrary attitude, and example of which we have in Saint Louis It would undoubtedly, in my opinion, lead to neighborhood collision, the forerunner of civil war. Additional reasons might be urged why you should abandon the establishment of these Home Guards, palpable to yourself, if the desire is to avoid civil war in Missouri.

With regard to the other point in your letter, relative to complaints of Union men, I have instituted strict inquiry relative to every case within my knowledge, and beg leave to reassure you that in no single instance have these acts been instigated or reorganized by meetings or organizations of any kind; but wherever and whenever happening, prove to be the offspring of irresponsible individuals, and no effort has been left undone on my part to prevent even this, and shall be continued in the future. You will observe from published orders that I positively enjoin upon all citizens of the State the scrupulous protection of individual property and rights, irrespective of political opinions. With these views and deductions I feel assured that you will agree with me, that to carry out your proposed plan would be exceedingly injudicious, if not ruinous, to the peace of the State. General, it is my unchanged and honest intention to carry out to the letter the agreement entered into between us, and I can but feel assured, from the high sense

