
BOONEVILLE, June 24, 1861.

Colonel HARDING, Jr.:

Hope to get off on the 26th. Think provisions now coming up will be enough for some time. About four companies more should be here. A force can go to Cape Girardeau, but an expedition to Pocahontas should be made with care; it might be cut off.

N. LYON,

Commanding.

BOONEVILLE, June 26, 1861.-(Received June 27, 1861.)

Colonel HARDING, Jr.:

The interests of the Government require that no boats ply along the river between this and Kansas City for the present, and you will notify the collector that no boats will be allowed to pass above here until further orders. Much confusion attends my train arrangements, and delay is unavoidable. Shall try to get off to-morrow, but am not certain. I want Colonel Stevenson to come here and take command with some of his companies. Schofield arrived this afternoon.

N. LYON,

Commanding.

GRAFTON, VA., June 28, 1861.

CHESTER HARDING, Jr.:

Have ordered three Illinois regiments to move to Cairo whenever called for by General Prentiss, who will look out for the southeast, and also telegraphs "No rebels at Bloomfield." Will not a movement from Bird's Point do the best?

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

BOONEVILLE, MO., June 29, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: In reply to your communication of the 20th instant, asking for information in regard to the steamer Swan, I have the honor to state as follows the circumstances which led to her seizure:

The Swan contracted with one Colton Green, an agent from Governor Jackson to Jefferson Davis, for the shipment of arms from New Orleans to Saint Louis, and took them on board at Baton Rouge in boxes marked "Marble." The boat's register contains a record of these boxes as shipped from Baton Rouge, the words Baton Rouge being stricken out, and New Orleans written instead. The captain and clerk of the boat were part owners, and another of the shareholders (Pegram) was on board, and knew the contents of the boxes before the boat reached Cairo, if not at the time of their shipment. Pegram took command of the boat while passing Cairo, the captain secreting himself on the boat, for the purpose of avoiding a vigorous search by the United States officers at that post-the captain being a well-known secessionist, while Pegram passed as a Union man. The arms were delivered at Saint Louis, and the day after captured in Camp Jackson. They consisted of two 24-pounder howitzers, an 8-inch siege-mortar, six Cohorn mortars,

