
of the troops secured. The proper garrison for each post will be about six companies, and the force for each boat two companies. Each post should have at least one field piece, and each boat a 24-pounder howitzer.

Colonel Chester Harding will designate the troops necessary, in addition to Colonel Stevenson's regiment, to carry into execution this order.

As soon as Colonel Stevenson shall be prepared to garrison the posts specified above, Colonel Henry Boernstein will proceed with this regiment to Saint Louis, and take post at the arsenal or at Jefferson Barracks, as may be determined by Colonel Harding, where the regiment will have an opportunity to reorganize for three years' service.

By order of General Lyon:

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Acting Adjutant-General.

BOONEVILLE, July 1, 1861.

Colonel HARDING, Jr.:

What is going on in the southeast? You sent me word that McClellan would attend to that quarter. He says I may have one regiment from Quincy and one from Caseyville, and Prentiss is authorized to call for four more regiments if he wants them. Cannot all these be put in movement to meet the danger threatened? See what Prentiss says, and send word to McClellan.

N. LYON,

Commanding.

BOONEVILLE, MO., July 2, 1861.

Colonel HARDING, Jr.,

Saint Louis Arsenal:

DEAR COLONEL: I hope to move to-morrow, and think it more important just now to go to Springfield. My force in moving from here will be about 2,400 men. Major Sturgis will have about 2,200 men, and you know what force has gone to Springfield from Saint Louis, so that you see what amount of provisions we shall want supplied at that point. Please attend to us as effectually as possible. Our line should be kept open by all means. I must be governed by circumstances at Springfield. You will, of course, have due attention to the southeast. The State Journal is outrageous, and must be stopped; you will take such measures as you think best to effect this. Our cause is suffering from too much indulgence, and you must so advise our friends in Saint Louis. Colonel Stevenson must have pretty strong garrisons at the points he occupies on the river, and he must have support from other States as occasion seems to require. Colonel Curtis is, I suppose, on the Hannibal, and Saint Joseph road; rigorous measures should be shown the disorderly in that region. Our operations are becoming extensive, and our staff officers must keep up with our emergencies. We need here a regular quartermaster and commissary. Cannot something be done for us from Washington?

Yours, truly,

N. LYON,

Commanding.

P. S.-I cannot spare more than 300 stand of arms for Home Guards at Jefferson. I shall not be able to supply other portions of the State with the same proportion.

