
Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General McCulloch, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS McCULLOCH'S BRIGADE,Camp on Buffalo Creek, Mo., July 5, 18661.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the inclosed report, detailing an account of the taking of the town of Neosho, Mo., by a part of my brigade, and of the surrender to them of 80 men, with their arms, &amp;c. I am now within about 25 miles of the governor of the State, who i learn has been fighting his way to me during the day. I will push a portion of my force (now nearly 4,000 men) as near to him as possible to-morrow, and do all in my power to relieve him. It will depend upon his fate what my future movements may be. My great object in coming into the States has been to relieve the governor and the force under him. I will again inform you of my whereabouts in the course of a few days.*

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

BEN. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain James McIntosh, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS McCULLOCH'S BRIGADE,Camp at Barlin's Mill, July 5, 1861.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that in obedience to your orders I started at 11 o'clock a. m. to-day with four companies of Colonel Churchill's regiment of Arkansas Mounted Riflemen and Captain Carroll's company of Arkansas State troops to make an attack upon some Federal troops at Neosho, Mo., in conjunction with Colonel Churchill, commanding six companies of his regiment. We started on different roads which entered the town-one from the west, the other from the south-with an arrangement to make the march of 16 miles in four hours, and upon entering the town to make a simultaneous attack. I found that the distance was not so much as stated. It would therefore be necessary for me to have waited near the town an hour, and fearing that information would be carried into town to the enemy, I determined to attack at once, and made my arrangements accordingly. I dismounted the four companies of Churchill's regiment about a quarter of a mile of the town, and marched them by platoon at double-quick within 200 yards of the Court-House, where we found a company 80 strong. I sent Captain Carroll with his company to make a detour and to take them in rear.

After halting my command I sent Dr. Armstrong, volunteer aide-de-camp, to demand a surrender of the forces. I allowed them ten minutes to decide. At the end of the time the captain in command made an unconditional surrender of the company, laying down their arms and side-arms. We took 100 rifled with saber bayonets, a quantity of ammunition, and a train of seven wagons loaded with provisions. Colonel

---------------

*See McCulloch to Walker, July 9, in "Correspondence, etc.," post.

---------------

