
It is by no means improbable that I may be obliged within a few days to move the whole force in North Missouri into Saint Louis to protect that city from civil tumult and bloodshed, and in that case I shall call upon yourself and Governor Yates to replace them by State forces. I will communicate further with you in a day or two, when affairs have assumed somewhat more definite shape.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Commanding in North Missouri.

CAIRO, July 23, 1861.

CHESTER HARDING, Jr.:

Have but eight regiments here. Six of them are three-months' men. Their time expires this week; are reorganizing now. I have neither tents nor wagons, and must hold Cairo and Bird's Point. The latter is threatened. I have but two guns equipped for moving. Thus you see I cannot comply with request. Again, news of this morning changes policy of rebels in Kentucky. They are organizing opposite. Watkins is encamped with 2,000, 7 miles from Bloomfield. He has no cannon, and poorly armed. This may be the force you have heard from.

B. M. PRENTISS,

Brigadier-General.

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST, Numbers --. Springfield, Mo., July 24, 1861.

The following brigade organization will take effect from this date, viz:

First Brigade, Major S. D. Sturgis, First Cavalry, commanding, will consist of Companies B, C, D, and I, First Cavalry; Company C, Second Dragoons; Light Company F, Second Artillery: Companies B, C, and D, First Infantry, and Lieutenant H. C. Wood's company of recruits. Second Brigade, Colonel F. Sigel, Missouri Volunteers, commanding, will consist of the Third and Fifth Regiments Missouri Volunteers, and Major Backof's battalion of artillery.

Third Brigade, Lieutenant Colonel G. L. Andrews, of the First Regiment Missouri Volunteers, commanding, will consist of the First Regiment Missouri Volunteers; Companies B and E, Second Infantry; Lieutenant W. L. Lothrop's and Lieutenant Farrand's companies of recruits; Lieutenant Du Bois' light battery, and Major Osterhaus' battalion, Second Regiment Missouri Volunteers.

Fourth Brigade, Colonel Deitzler, Kansas Volunteers, commanding, will consist of the First and Second Regiments of Kansas Volunteers.

By order of General Lyon:

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Acting Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Numbers 1. Saint Louis, Mo., July 25, 1861.

In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 40, dated War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, July 3, 1861, the undersigned assumes command of the Western Department.

* * * * * * *

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

