
a while, till he becomes familiar with the details of affairs in the State; but he will have a full staff of regular officers, and must be able to spare you soon. You are much needed here, and will be more so soon. It will soon be very necessary for me to be with my regiment, and officers fit for staff duties are very scarce here. We have heard of the defeat of our troops in Virginia, though hardly enough to judge of its extent. I fear this will prevent our getting re-enforcements. If so, the next news will be of our defeat also.

Re-enforcements should be sent on at once. Our men are very much in need of clothing, particularly shoes. Many of the men are entirely barefooted, and hence unable to march. I hope something can be done for us soon.

Your, very truly,

J. M. SCHOFIELD.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., July 27, 1861.

Colonel C. HARDING, Jr., Saint Louis Arsenal, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: I have your notes about matters in Saint Louis, &amp; c., and your proceeding seems to me perfectly correct. Now that matters North seem more quiet, cannot you manage to get a few regiments this way? I am in the deepest concern on this subject, and you must urge this matter upon Fremont, as of vital importance. These three-months' volunteers would re-enlist if they could be paid, but they are now dissatisfied, and if troops do not replace them, all that is gained may be lost. I have not been able to move for want of supplies, and this delay will exhaust the term of the three-months' men. Cannot something be done to have our men and officers paid as well as our purchases paid for? If the Government cannot give due attention to the West, her interests must have a corresponding disparagement.

Yours, truly,

N. LYON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Memorandum by Colonel Phelps, from General Lyon, to General Fremont, July 27.

See General Fremont about troops and stores for the place. Our men have not been paid, and are rather dispirited; they are badly off for clothing, and the want of shoes units them for marching. Some staff officers are badly needed, and the interests of the Government suffer for the want of them. The time of the three-months' volunteers is nearly out, and on returning home, as most of them are disposed to, my command will be reduced too low for effective operations. Troops must at once be forwarded to supply their place. The safety of the State is hazarded; orders from General Scott strip the entire West of regular forces, and increase the chances of sacrificing it. The public press is full of reports that troops from other States are moving toward the northern border of Arkansas for the purpose of invading Missouri.

