
STATION GREENFIELD, MO., July 27, 1861.

Brigadier-General LYON, Commanding, Springfield, Mo.:

DEAR GENERAL: Another scout has returned from the southwest, and reports that bodies of the Confederate troops are in the vicinity of Carthagee, Sarcoxie, Bowers' Mills, and some other points, apparently moving north. He learned from some of these men that McCulloch had moved east in the direction of Cassville, and that Rains was moving north, and that the intention was to move on Springfield and attack it on the west and south. He also learned that if any movement was made upon them by your command that they would receive you with masked batteries. My impression is, however, that their movements are more for provisions and forage than anything else at this time. They are sweeping all before them as they advance. Some forty-seven families, driven from the vicinity and below Carthage, passed through this place on yesterday. They give startling accounts of the depredations that are being committed by the rebels as they return. I will start a train of twelve or fifteen wagons with wheat for Springfield to-morrow morning. I shall have to get material for making sacks before I can have it ground. The material is not to be had here, nor in Melville. I will send an order for it to Springfield by the train. We shall be able in a few days to forward considerable quantities. I sent a squad of my men out on yesterday and started a machine. The owner was somewhat contrary, and I concluded to assist him, in my way. All is working smoothly. I learn to-day I can have the sacks made as soon as I get the material. Then, if necessary, I will start one or two secession mills in addition to what will grind willingly. Unless I hear of something important from bellow to-night, I will look up another machine to thrash wheat to-morrow. I have a man in Rains' camp at this time. When he returns I will report. We are scouting the country as far west as Lamar and south to the rebel camp.

In haste, I have the honor to be your obedient servant, &amp; c.,

CLARK WRIGHT,

Captain Dade County Mounted Home Guards, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, July 27, 1861.

JOHN C. FREMONT:

What disposition was made by you of the arms which you purchased in Europe? We are without information on that point, which is very desirable. Please answer at once by telegraph and by letter. Send an invoice of the articles.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, July 27,, [29?], 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I inclose a telegraphic dispatch from General Fremont to Postmaster-General Blair, just received from the Postmaster-General. He says that to save Missouri, now in a critical condition, the public service urgently demands three times the amount of Major McKinstry's (the quartermaster) last requisition. That requisition was for $ 353,761.

