
Will you request the Secretary of the Treasury to make the needed remittance? I inclose a requisition.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

[Inclosure.]

SAINT LOUIS, July 28, 1861.

Honorable MONTGOMERY BLAIR:

Major McKinstry has made a requisition for funds. Will you see that it is sent on immediately? It ought to be multiplied by three to meet urgent demands of service here. Condition of this State critical and precarious, demanding utmost promptitude.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, July 28, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Washington:

I ordered the arms shipped to New York to my order, expecting to forward on the arrival to my department. I trust you will confirm this disposition of them. The rebels are advancing in force from the South upon these lines. We have plenty of men, but absolutely no arms, and the condition of the State critical.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Saint Louis, Mo., July 28, 1861.

Colonel MCNEIL,

Third Regiment U. S. Reserve Corps, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: You are hereby appointed military commandant of Saint Louis. Your duty will be to take necessary measures from time to time for the protection and safety of the city; to prevent disorderly gatherings and disturbances; to dissolve secret associations and meetings; to devise signals to be used in case of alarms; to designate the rallying place of the several regiments in case of alarms, so that they may act in concert, if required; to establish infantry and cavalry patrols throughout the city; to keep yourself in constant communication with the secret police, whose reports are to be made directly to you; to detail orderlies from the different regiments for the headquarters Turner's Hall and orderlies and the proper guard for those of the general commanding; to collect daily reports concerning the different Home Guard regiments, and to submit daily a general report to the commanding general.

For any needed military assistance you will make requisition upon the commanders of the different Home Guard regiments.

After careful examination and consideration of the peculiar state of affairs, you will prepare and submit to the commanding general a plan for the combined and concentrated action of all our forces in the city to repress insurrection or sudden attack.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

