
panies attached to his brigade, be sent to Greenfield, to the support of Captain Wright. Colonel Deitzler has been directed to send four companies of his regiment at once.

On the arrival of the troops at Greenfield, if the enemy be found in the vicinity, and in too great force to be attacked, information will be sent back at once, and the troops will retire, bringing with them Captain Wright's command, and whatever supplies he may have accumulated.

If it can be done, the enemy will be attacked with vigor, and broken up, after which the troops will return to camp. The four companies of Colonel Deitzler's regiment should be allowed to return as soon as practicable, so as to not leave his position too much exposed. If it should be found necessary to retire, it should be done by way of Chesapeake, so as to bring off Colonel Deitzler's command.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Acting Adjutant-General.

PLEASANT PLAINS, IOWA, July 28, 1861.

Governor S. J. KIRKWOOD:

DEAR SIR: Since my dispatch to you, dated Leon, July 23, communicating a general account of the recent troubles on the border of Ringgold County, I have the honor to report to you further troubles, with my action in the premises, with the hope that it will meet your sanction.

On my return home from Leon, I was met by a messenger from Captain W. C. Drake, of Corydon, who was at that time stationed at Allenville, on the border of Ringgold County, informing me that Colonel Cranor, of Gentry County, Missouri, had sent to him for assistance and re-enforcements, as the rebels were fortified on Grand River, reported to be from 800 to 1,200 strong, with three pieces of artillery. Colonel Cranor had under his command about 300 Union Missouri men, badly armed, and over 100 Iowans, who had volunteered under him. I dispatched a messenger from Garden Grove to the various armed companies within reach, ordering them to march and concentrate at Allenville immediately, also at Chariton. Communications were sent to Keokuk and Burlington for two pieces of artillery, to be forwarded to me, if they could be obtained. I also sent a messenger to Captain Drake, to ascertain more minutely the facts as to the condition of affairs in his vicinity. I started for Captain Drake's camp, but was met 25 miles this side by the returning messengers, whom I had sent the day before. These confirmed all the intelligence brought me the day previous.

On reaching Captain Drake's camp I ascertained that messengers had just arrived from Colonel Cranor's command, conveying the information that the belligerent, then within 4 miles of each other, had made a treaty of peace. I have seen a copy of it, and it is in substance as follows: Each party was to lay down its arms, return home, and assist each other in enforcing the laws of Missouri against all offenders. This was a decided victory gained by the rebels, as the terms were general, and embraced the obnoxious "military bill" of that State, and such laws as the rebel legislature, then in session in the southern part of the State of Missouri, might thereafter pass, under the auspices of Governor Jackson.

Colonel Cranor resides in the neighborhood of a large body of secessionists, and was no doubt influenced to enter into such a treaty in consequence of intimidation and threats against his life and property. The

