SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Saint Louis, Mo., July 29, 1861.

Numbers 10. Brigadier General John Pope is assigned to the command of all the troops in the State of Missouri north of the city of Saint Louis.

By order of Major-General Fremont:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Numbers 1. Mexico, July 29, 1861.

I. By virtue of instructions received from Major-General Fremont, U. S. Army, the undersigned assumes the command of all the forces in North Missouri.

II. Brigadier General S. A. Hurlbut is assigned to the command of the forces along the line of the Hannibal and Saint Joseph Railroad, from Quincy and Hannibal to Saint Joseph. Headquarters at Macon City.

III. Colonel U. S. Grant, [Twenty-first] Illinois Volunteers, is assigned to the command at Mexico, Mo.

IV. Colonel Ross, [Seventeenth] Illinois Volunteers, will occupy Warrenton, Mo., with his regiment, and Colonel Palmer will post his regiment at Renick and Sturgeon in such force at each point as he may deem judicious, fixing his headquarters at Renick.

V. Morning reports of the forces under their command will be made to the headquarters of the military district at Mexico regularly, and such other reports as may be necessary to keep the general commanding advised of all matters of consequence in relation to their commands and to the condition of the country in the neighborhood.

The printed notice* transmitted with this order will be circulated as extensively as possible by each commander within the limits hereafter fixed, and each commanding officer will report to the district headquarters as soon as practicable the names and residences of proper persons to be appointed, as specified in the printed notice, dividing for that purpose their respective districts into subdivisions not exceeding 7 miles in extent.

The jurisdiction of the commanding officer at Warrenton will extend as far north as Montgomery City and as far south as the line of Saint Charles Country, near Millville; of the commanding officer at Mexico, from Montgomery City on the south to include Centralia on the north; of the commanding officer at Renick, from Centralia to Macon City; of the commanding officer of the forces east and west of Macon City, from Hannibal and Quincy to Saint Joseph, with such subdivisions as he may designate.

Within these limits the commanding officers will comply strictly with the terms of the printed notice herewith inclosed, and will immediately select proper persons, without regard to political opinions (preferring men of property and respectability), to report to the general commanding as fit to be appointed superintendents of the divisions and subdivisions of the railroad specified by the commanders respectively.

VI. All illegal assemblages will be promptly broken up by commanding officers nearest the place where they may be held, and all persons taken in arms against the United States will be immediately sent forward to Mexico, to be disposed of by the general commanding.

---------------

* See page 403.

---------------

