
the general commanding can influence the matter, will they be subjected to punishment unless they have committed murder or some other aggravated offense.

By order of Brigadier-General Pope:

SPEED BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAIRO, August 1, 1861.

Major-General FREMONT, Saint Louis:

The following just received from Colonel Marsh, with request to send to you by telegraph. A scout of his from Pillow's camp brought the information; also a proclamation of Pillow's, who says no quarters to be given those in arms against him.

B. M. PRENTISS,

Brigadier-General.

The following information, just received, is, I believe, reliable: General Pillow was at New Madrid on the morning of the 31st, with 11,000 troops well armed and well drilled; two regiments of cavalry splendidly equipped; one battery of flying artillery, 10-pounders, and ten guns, manned and officered by foreigners; several mountain howitzers, and other artillery, amounting in all to 100; 9,000 more moving to re-enforce. He has promised Governor Jackson to place 20,000 men in Missouri at once. I have a copy of his proclamation and also one of his written passes.

C. C. MARSH,

Colonel, Commanding Camp Fremont.

SAINT LOUIS, August 2, 1861.

General FREMONT, Cairo:

General Scott has telegraphed that two batteries of artillery have been sent from Cincinnati. Shall I forward them to you when they arrive? General Lyon wants soldiers - soldiers - soldiers! So says General Hammer, who has just arrived from Springfield.

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, August 2, 1861.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT, Cairo:

This dispatch was sent yesterday to commanding officer Department Ohio, Cincinnati:

Order two companies Fourth Artillery, with their batteries, under Howard and Kingsbury, to Saint Louis, without delay.

WINFIELD SCOTT,

M. BLAIR,

Postmaster-General.

WASHINGTON, August 2, 1861.

Since ordering the two batteries for you yesterday, it appears one company has no guns and the other is in Western Virginia; neither can be withdrawn. The order is countermanded.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

