
be reached, but well-informed men in the country think differently. A suitable mounted force would be required, and it can be done. At least their cannon can be taken, and they are a "tower of strength" to them in their moral effect on the community.

You may consider much that I have written impertinent. I can only say I have not so intended it. I have felt that in the multitude of your cares there were many facts of which you were not aware. The work to be done in Missouri I consider far more delicate and difficult to do well than if it were a State in open hostility to the Government. I shall call attention to a few points on our road, and I have done. At Hannibal are all our repair shops and a large part of our engines and rolling stock. If these were destroyed it would greatly cripple the road. The destruction of the South River Bridge, between Hannibal and Palmyra, would cut us off from there and produce nearly the same effect. This bridge is one-fourth of a mile long and sixty feet high. The bridges at Chariton and Grand River are important, and would seriously embarrass the operations of the road if they were destroyed. No other bridge would delay trains more than a few days if destroyed. I think these bridges and Hannibal should be guarded. There are especial reasons for an attack on Hannibal. I am confident the rebels can bring a force of 2,000 men if they choose. There are only between 300 and 400 Home Guards to protect it. If attacked, we are determined to whip the enemy, but it is not prudent, as it is the key to the whole route, and it must be the only reliable route for communication and transportation to all the country west from now until next spring.

Begging pardon for this trespass on your time, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. T. K. HAYWARD.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Louis, August 10, 1861.

Colonel CYRUS BUSSEY, Commanding Regiment Iowa Cavalry:

SIR: I inclose herewith copies of printed order to regulate the policy to be pursued by any forces serving in the District of North Missouri. You will please concentrate your regiment as rapidly as possible, with such arms for their use as you can in any way procure. So soon as they are thus concentrated you will enter the State of Missouri with your whole force, and march slowly through the several counties of Clarke, Lewis, Scotland, Adair, and Shelby, occupying in turn the county seats of each long enough to restore peace and to appoint the committees of public safety specified in the order. These committees will consist of not less than five persons, three if possible to be secessionists and men of property and standing. You will notify each of his appointment by official letter, and receive no excuse from any of them against serving. You will read and carefully explain to them the special order and the responsibilities they as well as their people incur under it, and impress upon them the certainty of the immediate execution of every penalty specified for breach of the peace among them. Make public their names everywhere and report them to me. Distribute the printed order along the line of march, calling the special attention of the people to it.

If armed bodies of men are authentically reported to you, march upon and disperse them, sending all prisoners taken in arms to this place for trial. Assume the command of all the Home Guards or other armed bodies serving in your region on the behalf of the United States or for

