
I would feel that this point would be secure beyond any present contingency.

My impression, from the facts before me, is that if attacked at all, it will be on Thursday, possibly Wednesday.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Saint Louis, August 14, 1861.

The PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

General Grant, commanding at Ironton, attacked yesterday at 6 by a force reported at 13,000. Railroad seized by the enemy at Big River Bridge, on this side of Ironton. The governor of Ohio postponed my urgent request for aid until ordered by you. Will you issue peremptory orders to him and other governors to send me instantly any disposable troops and arms? An artillery company of regulars at Cincinnati, which has been there three months. I have applied for it repeatedly. The enemy is in overpowering force, and we are very weak in men and arms. We have neglected nothing, and will do all that is possible, but not one moment should be lost in giving us any possible aid in fixed artillery and men with arms in their hands. A little immediate relief in good material might prevent great sacrifices.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 14, 1861.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT,

Commanding Dep't of the West, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: Your letter of the 9th instant to the Honorable Montgomery Blair has been submitted to me by him. With a view to place the new troops under your command in a state of efficiency for active service in the shortest possible time, you are authorized to carry into effect your suggestion of accepting the services of instructed officers and men who have seen service to form the skeleton or frame-work for the organization of your forces. Let the captains of companies thus begun procure transportation from the railroad companies, and give their receipts to the road as vouchers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 14, 1861.

General FREMONT, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Your message to President received.

Positive order was given yesterday to Governor Dennison and to the governors of Indiana, Illinois, and Wisconsin, to send all their organized forces, with full supply of artillery and small-arms.

