
Governor Dennison replies that Groesbeck's regiment will be promptly forwarded.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

PROCLAMATION.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Saint Louis, Mo., August 14, 1861.

I hereby declare and establish martial law in the city and county of Saint Louis. Major J. McKinstry, U. S. Army, is appointed provost-marshal. All orders and regulations issued by him will be respected and obeyed accordingly.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, August 14, 1861.

Colonel THAYER [First Nebraska]:

SIR: You are directed to proceed with your regiment, in company with that of Colonel Lauman, immediately by extra train, on the Iron Mountain Railroad, to Ironton. Colonel Holman will inform you of the movements of the enemy and the points on the railroad where protection is now needed, and you will adopt such measures as may be necessary to keep communication open and frustrate their intentions. With all your troops not left behind for such purposes you will report at Ironton to Brigadier-General Grant, commanding at that place.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. - Lieutenant Riemann will report to you with two 6-pounder guns, and proceed with you to Ironton.

By order of Major-General Fremont:

J. C. WOODS, Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Ironton, Mo., August 14, 1861.

Captain JOHN C. KELTON, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: Since my report of yesterday two spies have come in, and report the position of the enemy about the same as yesterday. Two companies sent from here yesterday morning traveled northwest to Caledonia, meeting there three companies from Potosi; found all quiet, as infantry must necessarily do, unless they fall in with an overwhelming party. With the troops from Potosi is one company of Colonel Schaefer's regiment, which I have ordered to Saint Louis by to-morrow's train, understanding that Colonel Schaefer had been ordered there. To-night I have sent out towards Fredericktown Colonel Hecker, with all of his regiment not otherwise on duty.

I will call your attention again to the fact that there is no field artillery or cavalry at this post. Both are much needed, especially if effective movements are to be made from here. There are three 24-pounder

