
pieces, four 32-pounders, and one 6-pounder brass piece, without a limber. Ammunition sufficient for not exceeding thirty minutes' steady firing. Heavy ordnance can be of no special service here, for there is no point scarcely where point-blank range of a 6-pounder can be got.

To-day, supposing an attack possible, I had eleven teams, belonging to the Pilot Knob Iron Company, drawn into service, giving a receipt for them. The command was directed to make storehouses of the wagons for their provisions, so that, in case of a move to the support of our pickets becoming necessary, supplies could be moved to them without delay. Every move of the enemy seems to evince a determination to fall upon the railroad at some point north at the same time an attack is made here. I am not fully persuaded that an attack will be made here for the present, but hold my command ready to make the best resistance possible with the means at hand.

The engineer ordered here to relieve Major Kraut has not yet arrived, and, under the instructions from General Fremont, I do not understand that Major Kraut is to be relieved until his successor does arrive. I understand that equipments for 100 horses are here, but the fact was never reported to me officially.

I should have stated in the proper connection that I have no artillerists, nor officer suitable to take command of a company to drill them as such. I would respectfully recommend the appointment of an ordnance sergeant for this post.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 15, 1861.

Major-General FREMONT, Saint Louis:

Been answering your messages ever since day before yesterday. Do you receive the answers? The War Department has notified all the governors you designated to forward all available force, and so telegraphed you. Have you received these messages? Answer immediately.

A. LINCOLN.

SAINT LOUIS, August 15, 1861.

Brigadier General B. M. PRENTISS:

SIR: Four regiments of your command have been ordered to leave Bird's Point by steamboats and disembark at Sulphur Springs, where they will await orders. You are therefore directed to repair to-morrow morning by railroad to that place, and with these troops, taking the cars of the Iron Mountain Railroad, proceed to Ironton. You will assume command of the whole force stationed at that place, and will at first secure communication from Saint Louis to Ironton and Potosi, on the Iron Mountain Railroad, from all danger of interruption, by strong guard at all the bridges and assailable points. After the accomplishment of this you will proceed to Fredericktown and to Centreville, take possession of those places, attacking and dislodging the enemy should they be encamped there as reported, and secure those positions by a force sufficiently strong. You will then open communication with Saint Genevieve and Cape Girardeau, and keep the same open by constant scouting parties. You will also make reconnaissances in the direction of Greenville.

