
The general commanding expects frequent reports in relation to your own proceedings, as well as of the strength and movements of the enemy.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Ironton, Mo., August 15, 1861.

Captain JOHN C. KELTON, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have to-day to note the arrival of two regiments of infantry - Colonel Lauman, Seventh Iowa Regiment, and Colonel Thayer, First Nebraska Regiment. I have also ordered the Twenty-first Regiment Illinois Volunteers, under Colonel Alexander, forward upon the Greenville road, and Colonel Frederick Hecker, Twenty-fourth Illinois Volunteers, upon the Fredericktown road, taking five days' rations, with instructions to form a conjunction at Brunot. I expect to follow to-morrow with artillery, should any arrive, a few companies of infantry, and more provisions, if means of transportation can be procured; otherwise I shall send teams back from Brunot or Greenville for additional rations.

I purchased to-day sixteen wagons and sixty-eight mules, subject to the approval of Major-General Fremont. These teams are well adapted for our use - more suitable and more efficient than those which we have heretofore employed or found in the service of this command. I shall to-morrow purchase five more wagons and twenty mules on the same terms. The teams which I have conditionally purchased have been for some time in the service of the Government without charge if now purchased; otherwise to receive compensation.

Requisitions were made upon Quartermaster McKinstry some days since for camp equipage, &amp; c., but as yet I have received nothing. At this time I have not a single tent for my headquarters, nor is there any stationery in the quartermaster's department.

Several prisoners now in my charge I shall at the earliest convenience send to the arsenal, with charges accompanying.

Since writing the above a messenger has come in from a spy I have out, who reports the rebel force much greater than has heretofore been represented - from 25,000 to 30,000. The spy mentioned is an officer in disguise. From representations made by the messenger, the information which has caused them to retreat was obtained from a preacher of this place, who managed to get out of camp, and is now back again, without a pass. I have ordered his arrest, and will have him sent to Saint Louis if caught.

I shall move with the detachments of my command, viz, the Twenty-first and Twenty-fourth Illinois Regiments, towards Brunot subject to any order from your department, and will report as often as practicable.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

IRONTON, MO., August 16, 1861.

Captain JOHN C. KELTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, U. S. Army, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: I have just received a message from one of my spies, stating that last night the rebels returned to the ground retreated from by them

