HEADQUARTERS KANSAS BRIGADE,Leavenworth, Kans., August 17, 1861.

Major-General FREMONT, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: The general and his staff will leave at 5 o'clock this evening for Fort Scott, at which point communications for headquarters will hereafter be received. The Third Reigment, under Colonel Montgomery, is en route, by forced marches, for Fort Scott. Colonels Weer and Johnson, respectively, of the Fourth and Fifth, are under orders to march, and will leave to-night for Fort Scott. The whole force when concentrated at Fort Scott, will number upwards of 2,000 men of all arms, with no artillery save two pieces - a 6-pounder howitzer and a 12-pounder mountain howitzer. A concise brigade report will be forwarded to you soon after reaching Fort Scott.

Yours, respectfully,

J. H. LANE,

Commanding Kansas Brigade

By MARCUS J. PARROTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT NORTH MISSOURI,Saint Louis, August 17, 1861.

Captain JOHN C. KELTON, Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: In compliance with directions from the general commanding the department, I have the honor to submit the following brief remarks concerning the condition of the district under my command:

In consequence of the firing on the trains of the Hannibal and Saint Joseph road, General Hurlbut, with 600 men and two pieces of artillery, has been occupying Marion County for the past ten days, and enforcing the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 3, from these headquarters, which requires the inhabitants to furnish quarters, subsistence, and transportation in case of difficulties of the kind. The effect has been complete, and in compliance with solemn pledges on the part of the citizens, presented by a delegation sent to me, they were yesterday relieved from the penalty. The force under Martin Green has been driven into the northern part of Adair County. Colonels Moore and Bussey from the east, and 550 men and two pieces of artillery from the south, are moving upon him, and will probably unite to-day in the immediate vicinity of his camp. No doubt his forces will disperse, as has been usual. No surprises are possible in a country where all the inhabitants are willing to warn, if not to assist, such parties. With these exceptions all is quiet in North Missouri, as reported to me by the committees of public safety appointed in conformity to General Orders, Numbers 3. That order seems to have united all responsible persons who have anything to lose in efforts to preserve the peace, and they have organized for that purpose. If any skirmishing is done, it will be done by the people themselves, who are abundantly able to protect themselves, and who have a motive to do so which they had not before. Of course they wish troops sent to do this service, as it will save them the necessity of personal exertion, but I think it best that they should do the work themselves where it can be done.

Both railroads are undisturbed since the penalty inflicted in Marion County. Of course there is much excitement and uneasiness among the people since the affair at Springfield, but I think from the best

