
information I can get that it will result in no disturbance of moment. I have ordered all the forces in and near Jefferson City to concentrate at some strong point in the town or immediate vicinity, and shall order Colonel Worthington's Iowa regiment, after visiting Booneville, Glasgow, Lexington, and Brunswick, to return and take position also at Jefferson City. I transmit a letter from General T. L. Price, bearing on this subject.*

Authentic intelligence from Bonneville represents everything quiet and no fear of a disturbance. I have encouraged the formation of Home Guards to act under the orders of the commanders of the U. S. troops at every point occupied by them, but have given them no encouragement as to being armed, equipped, or rationed by Government, except such as have been authorized by the general commanding the department. I have the honor to request to be furnished with the names, place of residence, and forces authorized to be thus raised within my district. Rumors and exaggerated stories are current, but after as full information as can be procured by letters and reports, I think North Missouri can be left as it stands without apprehension of serious disturbance.

If consistent with the views of the general commanding, I would be glad if two companies of Marshall's cavalry and a section of Davidson's artillery, now at Jefferson Barracks, could be placed at my disposal for temporary service of six or eight days.

I am, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Ironton, Mo., August 18, 1861.

Colonel L. F. ROSS, Seventeenth Illinois Volunteers:

You will hold your regiment in readiness to move upon Fredericktown, which you will occupy until further orders. Quartermaster E. M. Joel will provide necessary transportation. You will make your reports to these headquarters, and receive rations from here. Owing to the scarcity of transportation at this point, you will only take with you five days' rations, and order back as much of your train as can be spared, under a small escort, to get new supplies. Instructions, if not given before, will be sent to you at Fredericktown. You should move as early as Tuesday morning, if practicable.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Cape Girardeau, August 18, 1861.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT,

Department of the West, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: My pickets to-day brought in a man called Captain Grant, direct from New Madrid. He states that General Pillow has about 12,000 men at New Madrid; that his movement down the river was to Point Pleasant, where he intended to take the plank road for Beach, thence to Bloomfield; but finding the plank road in such condition as

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

