
of them dangerously, and 4 horses killed, including the one shot from under Captain Stanley, First Cavalry. The men belonged to the cavalry. Three prisoners were taken on the day of the action, and 2 on the day following.

The entire affair lasted about an hour, and both the officers and men engaged exhibited great coolness and courage. With the town we also captured 7 horses, and a quantity of arms, munitions of war, flour, meal, sugar, syrup, salt, clothing, cloth, boots, shoes, hats, camp furniture, mule and horse shoes, &amp;c., most of which we found in the court-house, which we used as a barracks for their troops. The arms and munitions of war were distributed among the Home Guards of the county, and the clothing and provisions among our troops, of which they stood in great need.

The country through which we passed is exceedingly hilly and broken, and the latter part of the route almost entirely destitute of provisions for men and forage for horses.

Notwithstanding the adverse weather, which was remarkably stormy for a portion of the time, the march of 45 miles and the capture of the place occupied but little over fifty hours. The last day the troops marched 28 miles, the last four of which were passed over at double-quick time.

I remained in Forsyth till noon of the 23rd receiving the captured property, and then took up the line of march for Springfield, which I reached at 2 p. m. of Thursday, the 25th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SWEENY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General N. LYON, U. S. A.

AUGUST 2, 1861.-Reconnaissance from Ironton to Centreville, Mo.

Report of Colonel B. Gratz Brown, Fourth Missouri Infantry (U. S. R. C.)

HEADQUARTERS AT IRONTON, August 3-11 p. m.

SIR: I have the honor to report a day of very contradictory rumors, but of some decisive information at last. On yesterday, as you have been already advised, I deemed it well to push forward a strong reconnaissance upon Centreville, to ascertain the movements of troops in the valley of the Saint Francis. The detachment, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Mihalotzy, of Hecker's regiment, 150 strong, pushed forward to within two or three miles of Centreville, where they found the secession troops in force, and soon afterwards found themselves threatened on the flank from Burford by 1,700 men, under McBride. The officer in command at once advised me of the fact, and fell back towards Ironton. I dispatched Colonel Hecker, with 200 men, on the route towards Buford, to threaten McBride's flank, and to establish communication with Colonel Mihalotzy. My latest advices are that the latter had reached in safety the point where the Buford road leaves the Centreville road, 8 miles from here, and I presume, by this time has been joined by Colonel Hecker's detachment. It will be observed, however, that the necessity of this concentration back upon Ironton leaves open the various roads to Potosi, Iron Mountain, and other points on the railroad. I cannot as yet ascertain what force is

