
gain a "Pillow notoriety" for a branch of service that I have forgotten all about. I have nothing from west of here since my telegram of yesterday, but shall have to-day. Will telegraph if anything of importance should be learned. As soon as I can get reports from subordinates I will send you a consolidated morning report, and will try and keep this command in such condition as to enable me to have a report made when called for.

There are no county maps published for this section of the State, nor anything to point out the different roads and traveled routes more distinctly than the State maps you have. I can learn, however, from persons conversant with all the roads their relative practicability.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

FORT LINCOLN, August 24, 1861.

Captain PRINCE, Commanding Post Fort Leavenworth:

SIR: Inclosed find letter of Colonel Montgomery. It speaks for itself. If you have re-enforcements, or can get any, of men or artillery, send them forward. The point to defend Fort Leavenworth is in the neighborhood of Fort Scott; say so for me to Major-General Fremont and to Captain Reno.

J. H. LANE,

Commanding Kansas Regiments,

By ABRAM CUTLER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Send such re-enforcements by the way of Dutch Henry's and Mound City to Jewell's Crossing, on the Little Osage.

[Inclosure.]

FORT SCOUT, August 23, 1861.

General J. H. LANE:

SIR: I have information from sources hitherto reliable that a body of men 1,000 strong left Greenfield on Tuesday last on their march to Fort Scoutt. Our informant saw them 12 miles this side of Greenfield, under command of Captain Clarkson.

He says McCulloch is sending 4,000 picked men from Springfield, and armed with Colt's, Sharp's, Maynard, and minie rifles.

Our boys have not yet returned. I have heard nothing from them.

Very respectfully,

JAMES MONTGOMERY,

Commanding Post at Fort Scott.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 25, 1861.

Brigadier General B. M. PRENTISS, Commanding at Ironton:

SIR: A report has just reached me that 4,000 rebels are fortifying Benton, Mo., and 1,500 more ar encamped behind the hills 2 miles below Commerce, opposite Big Island. To disperse these forces a combined attack by your troops and those stationed at Cape Girardeau has been determined upon. you are therefore directed to move forthwith with all your disposable force at Dallas. From that place you will pro-

