
ceed towards Cape Girardeau, first attacking and destroying the rebels at Jackson, should you ascertain that they are stationed at that place. From there, in conjunction with the forces of Colonel Smith, who has been instructed to put himself in communication with you at Dallas, you will march upon the enemy at Benton, attack and annihilate them. Immediately on effecting a junction with the forces from Cape Girardeau under command of Colonel Smith, you will dispatch one or more messengers, with intelligence of your arrival to Colonel Wallace, commanding at Bird's Point, who has been directed, upon the reception of such news, to move with two regiments to charleston, and, after occupying that place, to make reconnaissances along the railroad and advance as far as possible. Two regiments will be sent immediately from this place to Ironton. The two regiments at Sulphur Springs, with Boyle's battery, are ordered to Cape Girardeau, and will form a part of Colonel Smith's force; all to be united under your command.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Jefferson City, Mo., August 25, 1861.

Captain SPEED BUTLER, Saint Louis, Mo.:

The instructions of General Fremont relative to the seizure of the banks at Lexington and Liberty have been comminuted to Colonel Marshall, who was under marching orders at the time the instructions were received. It is not possible to spare men from here for the expedition to Paris without leaving this place too much exposed. With regard to the Home Guards I should like to have some instructions. I have not been able to learn head nor tail about them, notwithstanding all my efforts. I know there are many of them-some mounted, others with teams, an some without arms, teams, or saddle-horses. I would recommend that some officer be sent here with special instructions as to how they are to be organized and received, and who will have no other duty to attend to until this is performed. The party sent out by me to the neighborhood of where the cars were fired into on Tuesday has returned. The report has no yet been received, but may be in time to accompany this. A few persons have been arrested who are suspected of having been engaged in the firing.

I have no reliable information as to the movements of McCulloch's forces, but there is a current rumor here that he is moving towards this point. From a spy who came in yesterday I learn that companies are being organized in all the counties west of here. Some of these bands are acquiring considerable proportions. Many troops have crossed the Missouri River from the north within the last two weeks and are joining the forces on this side. If I had sufficient force, all that could be stopped.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

FORT LINCOLN,

Little Osage, August 25, 1861.

Captain PRINCE, Commanding Fort Leavenworth:

SIR: Your directions and orders as to stores at Fort Scott will be forwarded to Colonel Montgomery, who is in command of that post. I

