
people hereafter. It is, of course, entirely in the power of the people of the various counties in North Missouri to keep the peace among themselves. If they will not do so, it surely is not harsh to require that the expense of having it done should be paid by the county. No one will say that if this policy be abandoned there will be anything it to have large forces of Home Guards, paid and subsisted by the United States, raised in their midst, so that much money will be distributed among them, and the United States shall pay a large local police force of their own people. If they have to pay the expense themselves, they will take care that nothing occurs that will render such a force necessary. It is to be borne in mind that the disturbances in North Missouri are purely local and personal, and have no view to the result of the great operations of Government. The people in that region are merely fighting with each other, in many cases to satisfy feelings of personal hostility of long standing. It is a war which can only be ended by making all aged in it suffer for every act of hostility committed. As I am satisfied from personal examination and experience that this policy will keep North Missouri quiet with the smallest force, and that a departure from it now will only result in an uprising in every county against the Union men, which will require large forces to be withdrawn from here to pu it down, I most urgently recommend that no favorable reply be made to those who have addressed you on this subject. On the one side there is the risk of alienating a few men hitherto half-way for the Union; on the other the risk of having a considerable portion of the people in every county of North Missouri in arms against the peace. One failure to enforce rigidly this penalty will destroy all belief that it will ever be enforced at all.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BOSTON, August 27, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: The State of Missouri is so important to the Union, that I suppose you will be glad of any information regarding it which comes from a reliable source. I hand you a few extracts from the late letters of Mr. Hayward, general agent of the Hannibal and Saint Joseph Railroad. Through the agencies of this line across the State the has great facility for obtaining information and judging of the progress of our cause in the northern portion of the State. His views with regard to the probable effect of measures which have been heretofore taken towards suppressing the rebellion in that vicinity have shown so clear a judgment as to give with us here much weight to his opinions.

With rebel camps forming undisturbed all along through that part of the State their early concentration into another formidable army may reasonably be looked for. All they seem o lack is a leader of a vigorous demonstration. It is the opinion of some of our best-informed citizens, obtained from their Southern correspondence, that the possession of Missouri is regarded of the utmost importance to the Southern cause. The possession of the lead mine of that State by the rebels will also be a most unfortunate thing for the country. Its position, lying between the rest of the free States and Kansas, Nebraska, Utah, and even Cali-

