
HANNIBAL, August 19, 1861.

J. W. BROOKS, Esq., Boston:

DEAR SIR: Our train was fired into yesterday. There were troops on board. No one hurt. If we cannot have a change in the administration of military affairs here in North Missouri our cause will be ruined. There are a good many rebel camps known to be within 3 to 10 miles of the road. Union me constantly driven out. Trains fired into, &amp;c., and yet no effort made to attack them.

Yours, truly,

J. T. K. HAYWARD.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Saint Louis, August 27, 1861.

Colonel JEFFERSON C. DAVIS, Commanding, Jefferson City:

SIR: Your attention is called to the unprotected and defenseless state of Booneville, in Cooper County. It has been reported at these headquarters by Captain Joseph A. Eppstein, commanding U. S. Reserve Corps at that place, that the Home Guards have, owing to the withdrawal of the U. S. troops, been obliged to leave Booneville, leaving their families unprovided for and their property exposed to depredation. Captain Eppstein was intrusted with the raising and organizing of a battalion of Home Guards in Cooper County, but cannot proceed there unless re-enforced. Major Kraut, of the Engineer corps, has been ordered to proceed at once to Jefferson City to commence the work of fortification there, and will report to you.

No intelligence is received at these headquarters from you. I desire that you will make full and frequent reports concerning your own forces and movements, as well as of the numbers, acts, and designs of the enemy, as far as known to you.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Saint Louis, Mo., August 27, 1861.

General POPE, U. S. A.,

Commanding North Missouri District, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to say that your letter of yesterday, transmitting information received from General Grant, has been submitted to Major-General Fremont. He directs me to say, in reply, that as and ammunition have been sent to Colonel Morgan's 750 men at Brookfield. It is believed that it will warrant the withdrawal of a portion of the Illinois volunteers from the line of the railroad in that vicinity, with view to a movement south and southwest. He suggests that the service near Palmyra and Paris is so well guarded by the opportunity of succor from Illinois on one side and from Iowa on the other, that considerable detachments may safely be made from General Hurlbut's force to aid in operating i this, from Brookfield and vicinity towards Jefferson City and Lexington, and in keeping the navigation of the Missouri River from hostile interruption. With these suggestions the general commanding leaves the disposition of matters to yourself.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. EATON,

Major, U. S. Army, and Militia Secretary.

