
way of our armies in Missouri. Count upon me as ready to aid in what I believe the right, cheap, strategic, statesmanlike mode of conducting this war, that which I am sure the people desire, and the want of which they censure-the most rapid possible concentration of overwhelming forces by the United States.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., August 28, 1861.

Captain SPEED BUTLER, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I have no special information to impart to-day except the return of Colonel Worthington from Booneville. His report is inclosed herewith.* Prisoners taken will be sent to Saint Louis to-day, charges accompanying.

A steamer is now just starting, in compliance with your telegraph of yesterday, to capture all means of crossing the river.

I would recommend the stoppage of mails west from here, or at least that they be placed under some regulation which would prevent the indiscriminate transmission of news.

A copy of charges against prisoners is also forwarded to the commanding officer at Saint Louis Arsenal.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS KANSAS BRIGADE,Fort Scott, August 29, 1861.

Captain PRINCE, Commanding Post Fort Leavensworth:

SIR: We have now reliable information that a force estimated at not less than 6,000 is advancing from Papinsville, 35 miles distant, to this point for the subjugation of Kansas.

We are here with about 2,000 raw troops and no artillery of any consequence to meet them. We have called and again for re-enforcements of men and artillery. We expect to do our best to stay their march, and in that view we call again. Send us re-enforcements of men and artillery as rapidly as possible. If any are on the road or at Fort Leavenworth, hasten them forward.

Yours,

J. H. LANE,

Commanding Kansas Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS POST AT ROLLA,August 29, 1861-4 o'clock a. m.

To Major-General FREMONT,

Commanding Department of the West:

GENERAL: As the train from Saint Louis was approaching this place last evening, and when within 7 miles, a terrible explosion was heard immediately under the tender of the engine and the baggage car of the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

30 R R-VOL III

