
ders it equally imperative to call the army to good order and rigorous discipline.

They are reminded that the power to inflict the extraordinary severities of the now governing law is rigidly confined to few, who are to be held strictly accountable for its exercise.

They are also remained that the same necessity which requires the establishment of martial law demands also the enforcements of the military law, which governs themselves with the same sudden severity. The commanding general therefore strictly prohibits all vexatious proceedings calculated unnecessarily to harass the citizens, and also unauthorized searches, seizures, and destruction

of property, except in cases of military necessity, and for which the officer authorizing or permitting it will be held strictly and personally responsibility. All officers commanding districts, posts, or detachments are enjoined to use the umbos prudence and circumspection in the discharge of their duties. Under the circumstances a strict obedience to orders, close attention to duties, and an earnest effort to protect and to avoid harassing innocent persons is requested and expected everywhere from offices and men.

The commanding general trusts that he will find few occasions to reproach the troops. He hopes and believes that he will find many to admire and commenced them.

By order of Major-General Fremont:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Saint Louis, Mo., August 31, 1861.

Brigadier General JOHN POPE, U. S. A., Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: Major-General Fremont directs that you proceed forthwith to Northeast Missouri and take command in person in that quarter. Please report to the general in person before you start.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. EATON,

Major, U. S. Army, and Military Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Saint Louis, Mo., September 1, 1861.

Brigadier General JOHN POPE:

SIR: You are hereby directed to take possession, if possible, of all the specie in the banks located at Canton and La Grange, Lewis County, Mo., and send the same at once to the city of Saint Louis, under a sufficient escort, giving a proper receipt for the same to the person entailed thereto.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

STATE OF KANSAS, EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Topeka, September 1, 1861.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT:

DEAR SIR: An effort is being made to get up a panic in our State, and I am told messengers have been sent to you representing a fearful state of things on our border. As some parties are interested to have

