
CAIRO, September 7, 1861.

Major-General FREMONT:

General Paine, in command of the Federal forces at Paducah, reports this morning that General Pillow, having left Missouri, will probably march upon Paducah with a reputed force of 4,000 men in two days, and further says that General Tilhman, with a reputed force of 2,000 Confederates, is within 24 miles of Paducah. General Paine, in order to provide against exigencies, asks to be immediately re-enforced, at least by two regiments of infantry.

* * * * * * *

JOHN A. McLERNAND,

Brigadier-General.

HUNNEWELL, MO., September 7, 1861.

Major-General FREMONT:

Road will be open to-day. Green, from all accounts, encamped near Florida, 20 miles southeast of this place. Three hundred men of the regiment at Quincy now occupy Palmyra. Have not yet heard direct from Hurlbut, but shall by morning.

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS.,

September 7, 1861.

Major-General FREMONT:

The communications of rail and wire entirely cut off on the Hannibal and Saint Joseph. Lane reports the enemy's column marching on Lexington. Can a force attack from Jefferson City while Lane attacks from the west?

W. E. PRINCE.
HEADQUARTERS KANSAS BRIGADE,Fort Lincoln, September 7, 1861.

Captain W. E. PRINCE, Commanding Post Fort Leavenworth:

I send you the latest news from the front.* Although but a handful of men and but little artillery, I propose to pursue for enough to threaten their rear and confuse them.

I can only say again that if the Government had furnished us artillery, the army that we are now pursuing would have been blotted out.

The object of the pursuit is a hope that we will be able to cut off their train and recover the mules they have stolen from us.

J. H. LANE,

Commanding Kansas Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Charles, Mo., September 7, 1861-9 p. m.

Captain JOHN C. KELTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the West, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that I reached this place about 1 p. m. to-day, and found the troops still on board the boats, which did

---------------

*Inclosure not found.

---------------

