
issued orders to Colonel Wallace to send you four additional companies of infantry and two days' rations for your whole command. You will hold your position as long as you think it prudent to do so.

WM. S. HILLYER,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,Cairo, Ill., September 9, 1861.

Colonel J. COOK,

Seventh Illinois Vols., Commanding Cape Girardeau, Mo.:

You will please send an express to Jackson immediately upon the receipt of this, and direct Colonel Marsh to move into Cape Girardeau, with all his command, at once. He will then proceed by first conveyance to this place, bringing all his baggage with him. Captain Stewart, with his cavalry company, will cross the river at Cape Girardeau, and march to this place as soon as joined by the detachment at Jackson, as possible to completion. With them competed, your garrison will be sufficient to hold the place against any force that can be suddenly brought against it.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,Cairo, Ill., September 9, 1861.

Commander Gunboat CONESTAGO:

I understand Norfolk is being marched upon by troops on the Missouri side; also that the gunboat Lexington will likely be attacked. You will therefore proceed to her assistance as soon as practicable.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, September 9, 1861.

Brigadier General U. S. GRANT, Cairo:

Second dispatch, about Hecker, not understood. Keep strictly within your orders in reference to the Kentucky movements. After Norfolk is occupied take a position at or near Belmont, out of reach of gunboats, so as to prevent any communication between Belmont and Charleston, with the object to surround and annihilate Thompson, who is reported yet to be at or near Commerce. Say to General Smith that it is most important that Smithland should be occupied by four companies immediately, to control the Cumberland River.

J. C. FREMONT,Major-General, Commanding.

CAIRO, September 9, 1861.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT:

Your two dispatches received. I will start copy of them to General Smith, at Paducah, at once. Colonel Hecker has been no further in Kentucky than you directed. Pickets to be thrown out. No troops from

31 R R-VOL III

