
If you desire to have commissions from the governor of Kansas for the field officers of the Third, Fourth, and Fifth Regiments of your command, an will give me the names, rank, and, date, I will have them sent to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. PRINCE,

Captain, First Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS.,September 9, 1861.

General J. H. LANE,

Commanding Kansas Brigade, Fort Lincoln, Kans.:

GENERAL: I inclose you a telegram this moment received. I would recommend that you concentrate forces sufficient to form a strong column of attack and march at once upon the enemy's rear. Of course find out definitely where Peabody is.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. PRINCE,

Captain, First Infantry, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

KANSAS CITY, September 9, 1861.

Captain W. E. PRINCE:

In accordance with Colonel Peabody's order I forward you the following information, which was received at 7 o'clock yesterday evening:

Colonel Peabody marched from Lexington towards Warrensburg Sunday, intending to camp at said point last night, where the Irish Brigade awaits them. When the junction is formed, the strength of the combined forces will be 4,000. Colonel Peabody, acting under the impression that General Lane is retreating on this point before Price, says that he will form a junction with General Lane 25 or 30 miles south of this point; also that I must move from here to keep the communications open between him, General Lane, and Colonel Marshall, in command at Lexington. Should the forces leave here at this time, we give the town up to pillage. Of this I am satisfied. Rains' advance is at Harrisonville, west of Warrensburg 30 miles. The enemy is gathering around in detached parties from 200 to 500. I forwarded a copy of Colonel Peabody's command to General Lane. Has been on the road twelve hours.

M. P. BERRY,

Major, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Mexico, Mo., September 9, 1861.

Captain JOHN C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Western Department:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you of my arrival at this place to-day at 10 o'clock a. m., with my entire command, except the cavalry and baggage wagons, none of which have arrived, nor will it before to-morrow. The supply of engines and cars was not sufficient to reach this point earlier or to bring it all. The consequence is that we may not be able to move as soon as might be hoped.

