
Green's command at Florida skulking in the neighborhood of Monroe, trying to rejoin him. A party of 50 men was attacked yesterday by Moore's force, near Ely Station, and dispersed with a loss of 2 killed. I shall march myself with the column from this point.

The drunkenness, incapacity, and shameful neglect of duty of many officers of rank in this district have brought matters to a sad state in North Missouri. I shall repair the mismanagement rapidly; but to do so effectually the principal offenders must be bough to punishment. I have sent Colonel Blair, Second Kansas, and Major Hays and Captain Ralston, Sixteenth Illinois, to Saint Louis in ares. Charges will be transmitted as soon as there is a moment's leisure to make them out. A thorough reform is needed in the regimens which have been stationed in this district, and must be made vigorously and with the strong hand. I am satisfied I shall have your cordial support in carrying it out against all clamor.

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General.

CAIRO, ILL., September 12, 1861.

General JOHN C. FREMONT:

Cannot the troops move from this place to Paducah or a part of them be returned? More troops are needed here.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

CAIRO, ILL., September 12, 1861.

Major-General FREMONT:

Colonel Wallace reports all quiet on the other side. Colonel Marsh, with his regiment, at Bird's Point. I have sent down "Aleck Scott" with two regiments and camp equipage to Norfolk, with orders to hold the position. A gunboat will be there to prevent attack by river and a transport will keep up communication and supplies.

JOHN A. McCLERNAND.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,Cairo, Ill., September 12, 1861.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT, Saint Louis, Mo.:

To-day our scouts have not been able to discover anything of the enemy. A reconnaissance has been made of the roads around Fort Jefferson, and I shall take possession of it day after to-morrow with most of the force at Fort Holt. A battery at Fort Jefferson will not command down the river but very little, but commands up to the mouth of the Ohio completely.

I am told that a paper picked up below here to-day gives the rebels' loss in the little engagement with our gunboats yesterday at 68 killed, 3 guns and gunboat Yankee disabled, and a large number wounded. Of course the Federal loss is reported very large.

McCulloch is reported to have been in Columbus within the last few days. He is such a ubiquitous character, that I place no great reliance in it.

I would earnestly repeat my recommendation that a complete assort-

