
orders; also direct the Second [?] Iowa to move with all dispatch to Colonel Ross' command, at Elliott's Mills.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,Cairo, Ill., September 15, 1861.

Colonel ROSS,

Seventeenth Illinois, Commanding U. S. Forces Elliott's Mills, Ky.:

You will please detach as much cavalry as you can spare from your command to make a reconnaissance in the direction of Blandville, under the direction of Colonel Waagner. You will be re-enforced by one regiment to-morrow, should they not arrive to-night.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT JOE, September 15, 1861.

Major-General FREMONT:

Road to Hannibal open, except Platte River Brigade (finished to-morrow), and all quiet. Secessionists, numbering some 2,500, in detached bands, retreating southward, to cross river below Independence. I have sent column of 1,000 men and three pieces of artillery, under Colonel Smith, to march rapidly from this place in pursuit, and the Iowa regiment, with one piece of artillery and 50 irregular horse, to move rapidly from Cameron upon Liberty, and there effect junction with Smith. There is no doubt in my judgment that the large train of plunder will be captured, though, as usual, I presume the forces will disperse, and, being cavalry, will mostly escape, unless Smith can surprise them. I have put all irregular forces-Home Guards and others-in motion scouting the country on all sides. Colonels Cranor and Edwards-the first commanding irregular forces of Missouri volunteers, the second about 600 Iowa State troops-will be here to-day, having swept whole region north of this place clean. I put them immediately in motion along both sides of railroad, to clean out the small squads remaining in the woods from Saint Joseph to Chillicothe. In five days North Missouri will be again quiet, and the regiments of Tindall, Moore, Foster, Morgan, and Glover will return. So will you please send Tindall's regiment as soon as possible to Chillicothe?

I go East to-day to urge into the field the regiments named. There are some disturbances of minor importance in the extreme northeast, and I must get to Canton and Keokuk, without awaiting the return of Smith's command. Can Glover and Bussey get their cavalry armed at once?

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General.

CAMP OF INSTRUCTION,

Benton Barracks, Mo., September 16, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War:

This will introduce Mr. Pegram, bearing dispatches from Governor Gilpin, of Colorado Territory. He goes to Washington on important

