
at Cape Girardeau; three regiments of infantry, one four-gun battery and one company of cavalry at Cairo, besides General McClernand's ineffective men; at Bird's Point, five regiments of infantry and 300 cavalry and artillery; at Mound City, 8,500 men; at Cape Girardeau and Jackson, about the same; reduced by sickness near one-sixth.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Saint Louis, September 17, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt., General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

I have detached the Nineteenth and Twenty-fourth Illinois Regiments under your requisition. They are in Cincinnati to-day. Information of the most grave character reaches me that General Johnston has arrived at Columbus, Ky., and taken command. He is threatening our lines with superior forces, and at the same time the enemy in separate bodies, numbering upwards of 20,000,is hovering between Lexington and Booneville. I need all the troops now here an expected. I ask the Department most urgently to permit me to retain the remainder of the 5,000 infantry called for, and the substitute therefore two regiments of Illinois cavalry, accepted by the War Department, and which I am unable to arm. The other troops will take away just so many arms from me, which I cannot for some time replace.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

QUINCY, ILL., September 17, 1861.

Major-General FREMONT:

Arrived here last night, but did not find boat I had requested to be sent from Saint Louis to carry me from Canton to Keokuk. Cannot do my business without her. There is now no difficulty in North Missouri, nor od I believe that 50 armed men can get together in the region south of Knox and Lewis Counties. Shall be up there as soon as I can get a boat. Railroad all clear and will remain so, and will return to Saint Louis as soon as I finish up the river. Bussey and Glover need their cavalry arms.

JNO. POPE.
HEADQUARTERS KANSAS BRIGADE,West Point, September 17, 1861.

Captain W. E. PRINCE,

First U. S. Infantry, Commanding Fort Leavenworth:

SIR: * * * I am here within 24 miles of Harrisonville, and there is nothing in the way of forming a junction with any troops that may be moved upon that point. You will find inclosed Colonel Blunt's reports of what he is doing south and Captain Hayes' and Lieutenant-Colonel Moore's report of the forces at Forts Lincoln and Barnesville.

I very much doubt the policy of forming a junction which with require my moving farther north than Harrisonville. There is nothing in Jackson County in the way of a force moving from Kansas City on Harrisonville. If a column could move from there while I am moving upon it

