
Greely &amp; Gale being known as strong Union men saved them from close scrutiny. No doubt many arms, the mortars corresponding to the beds, and other war materials were received, agreeably to numerous reports made, but which can be obtained only by a thorough search over the city. Of the material besides tents, baggage, camp equipments, &c., left in camp by the troops, were 1,200 rifle muskets of United States manufacture, late model, 58 caliber; 6 field pieces, brass; 25 kegs of powder; from 30 to 40 horses, and several arm chests of arms understood to be like the 1,200 muskets mentioned.

During the surrender of Camp Jackson and their passage into our lines a mob attacked our force, a published account of which will be transmitted. The prisoners, some 50 officers and 639 men, were marched under guard to this post, previous to which Camp Jackson was taken possession of by two regiments of volunteers and two companies of regulars, under command of Captain Sweeny, who remained in possession all night, bringing the entire camp equipage and munitions of war into this arsenal this morning. To-day the prisoners were all released (with the exception of one captain, who declined this parole)-the officers on their parole of honor not to fight against the United States during this war, and the men on their oath to the same effect. You will see by the returns of an election of brigadier-general for the volunteer brigade raised here, that I have been elected to this office, which, so far as depends upon me, I have accepted, and the duties of which I am now performing under the authority of the President. This subject is submitted for such action as the Department may determine to be proper.

Since the foregoing was written, I have noticed among the stores taken from Camp Jackson were parts of muskets, all separate, and apparently without ever having been put together, and were doubtless taken in this condition from the arsenal.

It is proper and gratifying to mention that Captain Callender, in charge of the ordnance, has not, either through punctilious exactions about forms and responsibilities or assumed monopoly of corps above the power of the Government itself, attempted to embarrass me, but, on the contrary, has cordially and most efficiently co-operated to advance the Government interests.

Colonel F. A. Dick, of this city, who has to this time served as adjutant-general of the brigade of volunteers, will be the bearer of this, and visits Washington on business connected with the Government interests at this place.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. LYON,

Captain, Second Infantry, Commanding.

Colonel L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

[Inclosure A.]
HDQRS. CAMP JACKSON, MISSOURI MILITIA,May 10, 1861.

SIR: I am constantly in receipt of information that you contemplate an attack upon my camp, whilst I understand that you are impressed with the idea that an attack upon the arsenal and United States troops is intended on the part of the militia of Missouri. I am greatly at a loss to know what could justify you in attacking citizens of the United States who are in the lawful performance of duties devolving upon them under the Constitution in organizing and instructing the militia of the

