HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Saint Louis, September 24, 1861.

Brigadier General J. McKINSTRY,Act. Major General, Commanding Fifth Division:

SIR: For a basis of operations the army will take the following positions:

Right wing, Second Division, Acting Major-General Pope; headquarters at Booneville, covering the line between Booneville and Palestine, and keeping communication with--

Center, Fifth Division, Acting Major-General McKinstry; headquarters at Syracuse.

Left wing, First Division, Major-General Hunter; headquarters Versailles.

Advance guard, Third Division, Acting Major-General Sigel; headquarters Georgetown, keeping communication with troops stationed at Marshall.

Reserve, Fourth Division, Acting Major-General Asboth; headquarters Tipton.

The bridge over the Osage River at Osage city and the crossings at Tuscumbia and Linn Creek are to be occupied by the division of General Hunter.

The First Kansas Regiment, of General Pope's division, is directed to proceed from Hannibal at once to Chillicothe, re-enforcing our troops at that place, and preventing in this manner the enemy from crossing Grand River. General Pope, after arriving at Booneville, will open communication by way of Glasgow and Brunswick, and add re-enforcements, in his discretion, to the post at Chillicothe. The commander of the troops which have already advanced to Marshall will also open communication with the troops at Chillicothe by way of Brunswick. The commanders of the different divisions will so order their troops as to occupy their designated stations in the quickest time and by the shortest possible route.

It is also recommended to obtain by every mode, especially by strong scouting parties, all possible information in regard to the strength and movements of the enemy, and it is especially enjoined upon them to send daily reports to the commanding general whether any movements have been made by the enemy or their own forces or not, and also to communicate daily with the commanders of adjoining divisions.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAUNCEY McKEEVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI, Cairo, Ill., September 24, 1861.

Major-General FREMONT, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I have no new move of the enemy to report. I still continue active reconnaissance, and have, I believe, driven the enemy back to Columbus and Belmont. Every day our advance scouts come in sight of parties of rebels, but they always retreat upon sigh of our troops. I have withdrawn all the troops from Fort Jefferson and strengthened the command at Norfolk. Should re-enforcements be sent here, however, I will retake that position. It was only abandoned this morning. The three men reported missing by me day before yesterday have all returned, with the loss of one horse.

