
It is reported to me by Captain Walke, of gunboat Tyler, that his men cannot receive pay short of Cincinnati. As it would be attended with much injury to the service to grant leaves of absence for his men to go there for their pay, and with great expense, either to the men or to the Government, to send them, I would respectfully recommend that some arrangement be made by which they may be paid here. The number of applications for discharge of surgeons' certificate or disability has become so great, and as it appears to me granted on such trivial grounds, that I have felt it my duty to throw such restrictions in the way that certificates cannot be obtained in future when not really deserved. I would ask whether it is necessary that the final discharge should come from department headquarters or whether they may not be given here?

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 24, 1861.

Colonel J. B. PLUMMER,

Eleventh Regiment Missouri Vols., Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: You have been appointed by the commanding general of the department colonel of the Eleventh Regiment Missouri Volunteers, now serving at Cape Girardeau, and commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Bayles. The general directs that you proceed forthwith to that post and assume command of the regiment and post. It is believed that there is much in the condition of the service there that demands the attention of an officer of experience. He therefore calls your attention to the necessity of reorganizing the service, and particularly of pushing the entrenchments or forts there to a speedy completion. You will please also give your attention to keeping yourself informed of the movements, strength, and position of the enemy by the employment of reliable scouts or spies, and convey, by special express riders or other expeditions means, a report of important movements to the general himself. Such persons as you find in the vicinity of your post engaged in conveying information to the enemy you are directed to deal summarily with. It is notorious that every movement of our troops near Ironton, even of small parties, is immediately conveyed by express riders to the enemy. It is notably so also at Cape Girardeau. Report by letter to General Grant, as your post is within the district comprising his command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. EATON,

Colonel, and Military Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS KANSAS BRIGADE, Camp Montgomery, September 24, 1861.

Major-General FREMONT,

Commanding Western Department, Saint Louis:

SIR: * * * Although Lexington has fallen since your order of September 18, I propose to move on Kansas City, there to form a junction with General Sturgis. I will be able to move with about 700 cavalry, 500 infantry, 100 artillery, with a battery of two 6-pounder howitzers and two 12-pounder mountain howitzers. I will leave here Friday morning,

