
duty. Two full and two half companies were then ready, and six companies were on duty as Home Guards, who were ordered to report as soon as relieved.

Colonel Wright proceeded to organize the regiment, to provide for its equipment, to designate officers, and appointed, August 20, 1861, to the special duty of quartermaster and adjutant and as drill-master Captain B. T. Wright and First Lieutenant W. E. Fay. They have been on duty since. Colonel Wright had during all this interval been daily and actively engaged on duty.

August 25, 1861, Colonel Wright was transferred as colonel to the Ninth Missouri Volunteers.

August 26, was detailed on duty on court-martial, and acted.

On September 3rd was retransferred to Thirteenth Missouri Volunteers from Ninth Missouri, and was ordered to Washington, Mo., with his command.

September 20, detailed on special duty to guard bridges.

September 23, returned to Camp Benton, where three companies had assembled.

During all the time from 3rd August the colonel has been under orders and performing active duty as such. The officers of the regiment have been acting as such.

That the companies and regiments have not been full has been owing to the duties performed, or Colonel Wright did not assume to form a regiment but only to organize companies formed, and has been on duty.

On the 27th September, 1861, on asking to have a pay-roll made out, Colonel Wright received the answer of which a copy is annexed:

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 27, 1861.

My instructions from Washington are to recognize captains when they have companies organized, &amp;c., and over the minimum allowances of privates, &c., and to recognize field officers and staff officers only when their regiments are enrolled and organized-as, for instance, a colonel when he has a full regiment. I refer to General Orders of the War Department, Numbers 36, dated June 24, and General Orders, Numbers 61, dated August 19, 1861, and the last part of section 2 of the act of 22nd July, 1861.

I view the letter of General Fremont, annexed, as an authority to Colonel Wright to raise and organize a regiment, which when organized and enrolled would entitle him to be its colonel.

I give this note at the request of Colonel Wright.

T. P. ANDREWS,

Deputy Paymaster-General, U. S. Army.

Note on this.-The State of Missouri and the Western Department are peculiar. The detail of companies and parts of companies postpones and prevents their formation, and the same cause has and does prevent the regimental formation. The duty is performed by regimental and company officers the same as if full.

This is not a letter referred to; it is an appointment, dating from acceptance. It is a detainment of the colonel and his officers on duty performed. It does not look to the formation of the regiment ere the officer is to be recognized and receive the pay of a colonel. The transfer from one regiment to another is a recognition of the position; the detainment on duty as colonel for a court-martial and its performance, another; the detainment on duty as a mustering officer is another; the meeting of requisitions and obtainment of supplies another, &c.

The paper of August 20, 1861, is a direct order to paymasters as well as others. The general orders referred to cannot be had. Parties rely on the general authority of Major-General Fremont in Missouri, and could not controvert it.

The detainment on duty might prevent, as it has, a full regimental

