
organization whilst field and company officers were performing duty as they have.

It is submitted that under this authority the regimental and company officers who have been performing duty are entitled to the compensation and expenses pertaining to the several ranks in which they have performed and been recognized in the same.

CRAFTS J. WRIGHT,

Colonel Thirteenth Regiment Missouri Volunteers.

SAINT LOUIS, September 28, 1861.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., October 2, 1861.

Captain CHAUNCEY McKEEVER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Western Dept., Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 27th ultimo, and have complied with its requisitions. It is reported here by different persons who have come into town that the enemy are concentrating in large numbers upon the river opposite the town of Columbus, Ky., under the command of General A. S. Johnston, and intending to move for this place. It is said they expect to have, or have already, there 60,000 men. I hope to be able in a day or two to communicate to headquarters the facts in the case. I am disposed to believe the report.

There arrived here yesterday the Tenth Regiment Iowa Volunteers, numbering about 800.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. PLUMMER,

Colonel Eleventh Missouri Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI, Cairo, October 2, 1861.

Captain CHAUNCEY McKEEVER, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Last evening, hearing through a deserter from the rebel encampment at Belmont that Jeff. Thompson was breaking up there to start for points north, I ordered out to Charleston 1,200 to 1,500 men to intercept him. The party has not returned yet. Should anything important grow out of the expedition I will report by telegraph. The same authority denies the arrival of Hardee at Columbus, but says that he is expected soon; also reports the return to Columbus of the force under Pillow. They reported among the troops that they have been to Paducah and driven out our forces from there. It has so far proven impossible to get morning reports correctly made out by the different commands from which to consolidate. I have been returning them for correction until now I think they will come in correct, &amp;c., in future.

U. S. GRANT,Brigadier-General.

HEADQUARTERS KANSAS BRIGADE, Kansas City, October 3, 1861.

Major-General FREMONT:

Captain Williams, of my command, who was sent out on the Harrisonville road last night, reports the enemy, with his whole force, some

