
taken coffee and breakfast, by the regularly-traveled road, to a point called Little Monica, on the line of the Pacific Railroad, 18 miles from Jefferson City. From the above may, in your discretion, perhaps be excepted Ellis' cavalry, though horseshoes are not likely to be received for some days. You will leave all your baggage to be placed upon the cars by a portion of your command left behind for that purpose, and cause also the knapsacks of the men to be filled by companies, to be conveyed to the cars for transportation. The cars will meet you at the camp ground with rations and forage. Additional force of cavalry, infantry, and artillery will also be marched to the same point, at which you will receive instructions for the following day's march.* The 40 or more teams you brought from Rolla you will take with you without loading.

Respectfully,

J. H. EATON,

Colonel, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-As you will be the officer highest in rank at Monica, you will give such orders for the whole camp as may be needful.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Near Jefferson City, October 3, 1861.

General T. L. PRICE, Jefferson City:

GENERAL: The telegraph wire running from this camp to Jefferson City was cut last night, probably by some person residing in the city. General Fremont directs that your order out before dark a sufficient force to surround the city, and cause every house to be searched well, in view to find if the cut piece and the perpetrator may not be discovered. He also directs that the same search be directed to the finding of arms or ammunition of war, and their seizure, in the houses of secessionists. Whatever additional force may be wanted besides those under your order you can obtain by the exhibition of this letter of instructions to other commanders. Please be prompt.

Respectfully,J. H. EATON,

Colonel, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI, Cairo, Ill., October 3, 1861.

Colonel J. B. PLUMMER,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Cape Girardeau, Mo.:

On the arrival of Colonel Ross with the Seventeenth Illinois Volunteers you will designate a regiment to take his place here. The regiment so designated will avail itself of the same transportation that conveys Colonel Ross' regiment. It is rumored here, by way of Saint Louis, that a force has crossed the river at Columbus, and is marching upon Cape Girardeau, Mo. I do not credit the rumor, however, for the reason that I have reconnaissances made every day or two beyond Charleston and on all the roads leading north and west from Belmont.

---------------

*The other troops ordered to Little Monica at this date were Asboth's and Totten's brigades; the Sixth and Seventh Missouri Volunteers, and the Benton Cadets.

---------------

