
3 miles from your camp, the command of General rains, as I expected, came down upon us in full flight and in the greatest confusion. I drew up my men across the road, and rallied the greater portion of them and sent them on in regular order. General Rains had engaged the enemy unadvisedly, and had sent for my small command to re-enforce him, which I respectfully declined, having no disposition to sacrifice it in such company.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

JAS. McINTOSH,

Captain, C. S. Army, and Adjutant-General of Brigade.

Brigadier General BEN. McCULLOCH, Commanding, &amp;c.

AUGUST 7-10, 1861.- Expedition to Price's Landing, Commerce, Benton, and Hamburg, Mo.

Report of Major John McDonald, Eighth Missouri Infantry.

CAMP FREMONT,

Cape Girerdeau, Mo., August 12, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report:

Agreeably to instructions, dated "Headquarters U. S. Forces, Cape Girerdeau, August 7, 1861," I proceeded in command of two companies (F, Eighth Regiment Missouri Volunteers, and F, Twentieth Illinois), on board steamer Lullea, on the night of the 7th instant, for Price's landing, on the Mississippi, about 25 miles from here. Landed my command 2 miles on this side of Price's Landing, and took up a line of march through woods and corn fields to Price's residence, where I arrived at 2 o'clock a. m.; surrounded his premises, and at daylight entered his house, excepting to find him there; was however doomed to disappointment, as he had not yet returned from his camp, which is said to be established 14 miles south of his residence, with a force of 1,100 rebels; apprehended then as prisoners his son (William Price), who it is said held the rank of captain under his father, and his son-in-law; found in his warehouse a quantity of provisions, marked "General Price, Charleston, Mo." Among the lot were twenty barrels, containing in the center firkins of butter, on top of which were potatoes and oats, in order to deceive the public. This, together with other provisions, which were intended for the rebel camp, with the exception of six or seven firkins of butter (which i had the honor to turn over to you), I caused to be burned, having no means of transportation to bring it all with me. I did also take teams which I found ready to haul these provisions to the rebels, together with one teamster.

I left there about 8 a. m. same day for Commerce, halted on the route about 3 miles above Price's, where I had been informed I would find one of Price's leaders, but on my arrival I learned from his family that he was in Price's camp. I took there several hear of stock, which his servants told me were intended for the rebels camp; after which I proceeded on my way to Commerce, and arrival there at 3 p. m. While there I apprehended two rebels, one of them known as the "Rebel Post Office," a notorious rascal.

I proceeded from thence to benton, 8 miles west of Commerce. I was, however, informed on the way that I would find there Jeff. Thompson with 1,100 rebels, but on my arrival found that there had been only two

