
sion is, there is no concerted plan to attack this place, Cape Girardeau, or Paducah, for the present.

When I first learned that Thompson had broken up his camp, I ordered out a force to Charleston to cut him off in that direction. I inclose you the report of Colonel Oglesby, who made the detail for the expedition.* Before I assumed command of this military district a steam ferry had been seized on the Mississippi and taken into Government service at Cape Girardeau. I knew nothing of the circumstances until within the last few days. Finding that Government was using private property under these conditions, I ordered the commanding officer at Cape Girardeau to require the quartermaster of the post to enter into a contract for the use of the boat, I have just received the report of the quartermaster and the opinion of Colonel Plummer thereon. The owner of the ferry demanded $75 per day. The quartermaster (Lieutenant Shields, of the Twentieth Illinois Volunteers) regards $8 per day as a fair compensation, and Colonel Plummer, on advising with old steamboat men, regards Lieutenant Shields' estimate as a fair value of the services of the ferry. The Luella will be retained until otherwise directed by higher authority, and no contract be entered into.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, Numbers --. Sedalia, October 4, 1861.

Acting Brigadier-General Osterhaus will from this date take command of the Second Brigade, Third Division, consisting of the following troops:

Twelfth Regiment Missouri Volunteers, Colonel Osterhaus.

Seventeenth Regiment Missouri Volunteers, Colonel Hassendeubel.

N. W. R. R. [Forty-fourth] Illinois Volunteers, Colonel Knobelsdorff.

Third Regiment Missouri Volunteers, First Battalion, Major Conrad.

Third Regiment, U. S. Reserve Corps, Colonel Fritz.

Light Artillery, Company A, Captain Welfley; Company B, Captain Hoffman; Major Backof.

Benton Hussars, Captain Woldemar.

* * * * * *

F. SIGEL,Acting Major-General Third Division, Commanding.

KANSAS CITY, October 4, 1861.

General J. H. LANE, Commanding Kansas Brigade:

GENERAL: I inclose for your information a letter just received from General Fremont. You will please return it by the bearer after reading it. I would be glad to have any opinion you may have formed after reading this letter that may influence your or my movements.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See report of expedition, October 2, 1861, from Bird's Point to Charleston, p. 198.

---------------

