
CALIFORNIA, October 5, 1861.

General FREMONT:

The command were entirely without provisions for more than twenty-four hours. Exposed to a violent storm all night, without tents. The cavalry and artillery are without overcoats, and cannot perform efficient service without them. Most of the tents and baggage are still behind. The cavalry have but two rounds of cartridges.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Camp Little, near Jefferson City, October 6, 1861-Evening.

Major General D. HUNTER, U. S. A., Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am instructed to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this morning by your aide-de-camp and telegram of this evening relative to the wants of the troops.* Every attention will be given to supply deficiencies at the earliest moment. Some great-coats, it is understood, can be procured in Saint Louis, and will be ordered to be purchased at once. Sabers have been forwarded from Saint Louis, and should have arrived before this time. In reference to transportation, it was not the intention in this movement towards posts of rendezvous to place the whole allowance of wagons with the troops. That could not be accomplished, as there is not a full supply of wagons provided. The object has been to concentrate the divisions at particular points from which it is expected they will eventually move, but while thus fixed to convey to them all the supplies they need to prepare them for an active campaign against the enemy. The post of your division is Versailles. The divisions of McKinstry and Asboth are in reserve, the former at Syracuse, the latter at Tipton. Portions of your division are in advance, and will soon be recalled to join you.

To-day Colonel Wyman has been ordered to proceed with a full and complete train of wagons from Rolla to Versailles to join you. The general regrets the suffering of the troops, and he cannot understand how, with reports from the director of transportation that baggage and supplies had reached the neighborhood of your camp with but little delay, that the troops should have been without tents or provisions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. EATON,

Colonel, and Act. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Camp Lillie, near Jefferson City, Mo., October 6, 1861.

Brigadier-Generals LANE and STURGIS, Kansas City, Mo.:

As Kansas City is not threatened now, you will, in accordance with the last movements of the rebel forces, move in concert with General Sturgis' command to Warrensburg. From there, united, to Clinton, with the view of proceeding towards Warsaw, where you will join my advance guard, 10,000 strong.

J. H. EATON,Colonel, and Act. Asst. Adjt. General

---------------

*Not found, but see dispatch of October 5.

---------------

