
command of Lowe. There are only marauding parties between this point and that. Preparations are being made at Benton, a town 18 miles from here, for the reception of a force there of the enemy.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. PLUMMER,

Colonel Eleventh Missouri Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION ARMY OF THE WEST, Sedalia, October 6, 1861.

Major-General POPE,Commanding Second Division, Cold Neck Bridge:

GENERAL: In accordance with your dispatch, dated Booneville, October 5, and sent to General Davis, I have the honor to state the following:

The troops of the Third Division, now at my disposition, are stationed at Sedalia and Otterville. At Sedalia there are four regiments of infantry, with a total strength of 2,600 men, two batteries of six pieces each, and one company of cavalry. These troops are mostly provided with transportation means. At Otterville there are two regiments of infantry, with a total strength of 1,500 men. These two regiments have no transportation, and can therefore not be moved for the moment, otherwise I would have ordered them to Sedalia.

Inclosed you will find the following papers:

1st. A disposition, in case I thought proper to resist an attack of Price's forces advancing from Warrensburg.

2nd. A report of myself to General Asboth, dated Sedalia, October 3, 3 o'clock p. m., showing my views in regard to future operations should Price retreat beyond Grand River towards the south.

3rd. A report to General Asboth, dated October 4.

4th. A dispatch from headquarters of the Western Department to this command.*

By sending you these papers I hope to give you the best information I possibly can, and comply with your wishes expressed in your dispatch to General Davis.

I am, general, with the greatest respect, yours,

F. SIGEL,

Acting Major-General, Third Division.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, Sedalia, October 3, 1861.

Acting Brigadier-General OSTERHAUS,Commanding Second Brigade:

SIR: In case of an attack by the forces of General Price the following disposition is hereby made, and will be strictly obeyed, unless revoked before action:

1. General Davis will take position at Georgetown, with three regiments and four pieces of artillery, to form the right of the general position of this command. He will send a good scouting party towards the north, in the direction of Longwood, to guard Muddy Creek and to report any approach of troops from that side. This service should be done by

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

