
If Price is crossing Grand River to march to the south, Lane and Sturgis could advance to Warrensburg to join us. I will send to General Lane to direct him in this way. If Price advances towards Sedalia and Georgetown with re-enforcements, I will act according to your instructions. If he retreats towards southwest, I think my proposition of report Numbers 5 could be adopted. [See inclosure Numbers 2.]

I am, sir, with the greatest respect, your most obedient servant,

F. SIGEL,

Acting Major-General, Commanding Third Division.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., October 7, 1861.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Western Department, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have received information, which I believe to be reliable, that forces of the enemy came up Tuesday last (1st instant) from below, and landed at Columbus. Their numbers I have not ascertained, but would remark that they are supposed to be a part or the whole of Hardee's command.

On the same day Jeff. Thompson's troops left Belmont, opposite Columbus, on boats and landed at New Madrid. On Wednesday morning they moved for Sikeston, 25 miles from here, and have thrown forward a detachment to Benton, 18 miles from here, which corroborates what I wrote a few hours ago. Their force consisted of about 2,000 men, and are called "Thompson's Brigade." They are armed with muskets, rifles, and shot-guns.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. PLUMMER,

Colonel Eleventh Missouri Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, Georgetown, Mo., October 8, 1861.

Colonel J. H. EATON,Act. Asst. Adjt. General, and Mil. Sec., Jefferson City, Mo.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have left Kelton's brigade at Booneville collecting means of transportation, to move forward as soon as orders to that effect are received from the general commanding. One steamer was sent up, the other down the river, with detachments, to land at various points and hire or press all the wagons that could be found, whilst detachments for the same purpose were sent out by land from Booneville. None of these had returned on the 6th.

I came to this place yesterday with a small escort, to inspect General Davis' brigade, and to examine into the condition of affairs and the character of the country as to supplies, &amp;c., in view of a forward movement. Unless I receive orders to the contrary from headquarters, I shall return to Booneville to-morrow.

There is no longer a doubt that Price is slowly retreating to the southwest, and my own belief is that he will make an effort, and probably a successful one unless he is intercepted, to take Fort Scott, where I am informed there are considerable stores of ammunition, &c. It seems to be the impression here that want of ammunition, especially of percussion caps, induced him to move south so as to meet supplies sent him by

