
place. I would further recommend for the consideration of the commanding general whether it would not be a good plan to purchase a number of coal barges, such as have been used for the Paducah Bridge, and fit them up for winter quarters. They could be used for transporting troops for a southern expedition with much saving of steam power, and could be made comfortable quarters wherever landed. A full detail of the plan I would submit would take more room than I propose here. In a small way a constant supply of the essentials is being furnished the rebels by steamers plying between here and Saint Louis. I have thought of sending a steamer to Cape Girardeau with a guard aboard to follow each of these steamers, make every landing they do, and pick up all freight landed by them.

I would state again that my information to-day confirms the belief that Cape Girardeau is only threatened by Thompson and Lowe. My correspondence to-day with State authority does not indicate immediate re-enforcements from that quarter. It will be impossible for me to furnish General Smith with a company of artillery.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

LEAVENWORTH CITY, KANS., October 9, 1861.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

SIR: Since my return from Washington to Kansas I have labored earnestly and incessantly, as commander of the Kansas Brigade, to put down the great insurrection in Missouri. After the State authorities here had failed to collect a force worthy of the name, I, by my own individual efforts and those of my personal friends, despite the opposition of the governor of this State, succeeded in raising and marching against the enemy as gallant and effective an army, in proportion to its numbers, as ever entered the field. Its operations are a part of the history of the country. That brigade to a man are exceedingly desirous of continuing in the service under my command, and I am very anxious to gratify its members in that behalf; but as matters are at present arranged, I feel compelled to abandon the field.

While the Kansas Brigade was being organized, Governor Charles Robinson exerted his utmost endeavor to prevent the enlistment of men. Since its organization he has constantly, in season and out of season, vilified myself, and abused the men under my command as marauders and thieves. For the purpose of gratifying his malice against me, he has conspired with Captain Prince, the commandant at Fort Leavenworth, to dissolve the brigade, and Captain Prince has apparently heartily espoused the cause in that direction. The latter-named person, in his official capacity, has refused to recognize my authority as commander, and wholly declined to respond to my lawful requisitions upon him for articles and supplies necessary to the efficiency and comfort of the brigade.

There being no hope of improvement in this condition of things so long as I am in my present position, in order that I may with my brigade remain in the field, and the Government be sustained in this region, and Kansas be protected from invasion from Missouri, I earnestly request and recommend the establishment of a new military department, to be composed of Kansas, the Indian country, and so much of Arkansas and the Territories as may be thought advisable to include therein.

34 R R-VOL III

