
Acting Brigadier General Jeff. C. Davis will start on the 13th of October from Georgetown by Sedalia with the troops belonging to General Pope's division, and pursue the same direct road to Leesville, reaching his destination on the 15th.

Acting Major-General Sigel will start from Sedalia on the 13th and proceed in three marches, by Spring Rock and Cole Camp, to Warsaw, which place he will occupy, commence preparations immediately to cross the river next day, supported by Acting Major-General McKinstry's forces, and cross on the 16th at all hazards, if a position can be taken on the right bank, under the protection of which a bridge may be built.

Acting Major-General McKinstry will start on the 13th, and proceed in four marches, by Florence, Haw Creek, and Cole Camp, to Warsaw, where he will co-operate with General Sigel.

Major-General Hunter will also start on the 13th, and proceed in four marches, by way of Versailles and Minerva (Hibernia), to Duroc Ferry.

Acting Major-General Asboth will start with his division on the 14th, and march in three days to Cole Camp Creek, by way of Wheatland and Hibernia.

Generals Sturgis and Lane are expected to be at the same time in Clinton, on our extreme right. You are, therefore, instructed to commence your march on the day appointed for your troops to move, and proceed according to the directions above laid down.

The state of the roads is such that trains may not be unfrequently delayed, which renders it more than usually necessary that the troops should in all cases have at least one day's rations in their haversacks. The commanders of divisions will also, in all cases where possible, send forward in advance of the march a company of pioneers, protected by cavalry, to repair the bridges and roads wherever impassable.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI, Cairo, October 11, 1861.

Captain CHAUNCEY McKEEVER,Asst. Adjt. General, Western Dept., Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: Since my last report I have ascertained that Thompson with his troops has gone west to Bloomfield or farther. There is no force, therefore, threatening Cape Girardeau.

I sent the gunboats Tyler and Lexington down near Columbus to-day, not so much for the purpose of reconnoitering as to protect a steamer sent after wood belonging to Hunter, who is with the Southern Army. About 100 cords were brought up.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Tipton, Mo., October 12, 1861.

Colonel J. H. EATON, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have received the general's order directing my division to move in the morning. Not one-half of my division has yet reported. Colonel Ellis' cavalry are without ammunition, cartridge-boxes, swords,

