
pistols, and great-coats, and many of them are greatly in want of clothing.

The men of the Indiana batteries are in want of great-coats, clothing, and ammunition.

Requisitions have been sent in for ambulances, but they have not been furnished. Some of our mules are unshod, and we shall have them lame and unserviceable, unless we can be furnished with portable forges and blacksmith's tools.

About 50 tents are needed for the division. As we shall have to send our teams back for provisions after four days' march, we should not leave here with less than 60,000 rations, as we cannot calculate on their return in less than 15 days to our camp, even if we should remain stationary at the end of our four days' march.

The cavalry regiment has not a wagon; and Colonel Palmer's and Colonel Bland's have neither of them sufficient for their baggage.

To enable us to move efficiently, we need at least 100 wagons and the ambulances already ordered to be supplied to the division by the general commanding.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAMP ASBOTH, Near Tipton, Mo., October 12, 1861.

General D. HUNTER, Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: In complying with the letter of instructions of yesterday, General Fremont directs that you proceed from Tipton for the present only so far as the first convenient camp ground, for the purpose of bringing your immediate command together and to enable you to organize the better your means of transportation. Colonel Woods, director of transportation, will confer with you to supply at the earliest moment practicable what is deficient. At a distance of 2, 3, or 5 miles your wagons can return to Tipton for what is needed.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. EATON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 14, 1861.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT,

Commanding Department of the West, Tipton, Mo.:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War directs me to communicate the following as his instructions for your government:

In view of the heavy sums due expended in the quartermaster's department in this city, amounting to some $4,500,000, it is important that the money which may now be in the hands of the disbursing officers, or be received by them, be applied to the current expenses of your army in Missouri, and the debts to remain unpaid until they can be properly examined and sent to Washington for settlement. The disbursing officers of the army to disburse the funds and not transfer them to irresponsible agents; in other words, those who do not hold commissions from the President and are not bonded. All contracts necessary to be

