
made, to be made by the disbursing officers. The senior quartermaster here has been verbally instructed.

It is deemed unnecessary to erect field works around this city, and you will direct their discontinuance; also those, if any, in course of construction at Jefferson City. In this connection it is seen that a number of commissions have been given by you. No payment will be made to such officers, except to those whose appointments have been approved by the President. This, of course, does not apply to the officers with volunteers commissions. Colonel Andrews has been verbally so instructed by the Secretary; also not to make transfer of funds except for the purpose of paying the troops.

The erection of barracks near your quarters in this city will be at once discontinued.

The Secretary has been informed that the troops of General Lane's command are committing depredations on our friends in Western Missouri. Your attention is directed to this in the expectation that you will apply the correction.

Major Allen desires the services of Captain Turnley for a short time, and the Secretary hopes you may find it proper to accede thereto.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST, Rolla, Mo., October 14, 1861.

[Captain McKEEVER:]

CAPTAIN: A messenger from Colonel Wyman, commanding the Thirteenth Illinois and Major Wright's command, arrived last night, bringing the following dispatch:

The rebels have left Iberia, and as near as we can learn the main body have gone to Lebanon-say not over 1,200 in all at that point. We took 5 prisoners last night, one of whom was armed with an English Tower gun and United States equipments. Some of their scouts have just fired on our pickets. The companies of rebels south and east of this post are ordered to the west of this place, to what point I cannot yet ascertain. They are all moving in that direction.

G. M. DODGE,Colonel, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI, Cairo, Ill., October 14, 1861.

GENERAL ORDERS,Numbers 11.
For the better convenience of administering the duties of this military district this command will be brigaded as follows, subject to such changes as may be deemed necessary in the future.

First Brigade, as now organized, and commanded by Brigadier General John A. McClernand, with the addition of the Tenth and Eighteenth Illinois Regiments, Schwartz's battery of light artillery, and Stewart's cavalry.

Second Brigade will be composed of Eighth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, Seventh Iowa, and Twenty-second Illinois, Captain Houghtaling's light artillery, and five companies of Second Illinois Cavalry, yet to be assigned, and will be under command of Colonel R. J. Oglesby.

Third Brigade will be composed of the Eleventh and Twelfth Illinois Regiments, Second Iowa Regiment, Captain Taylor's battery of light

