
general to prosecute the war with the utmost vigor against all who are in arms against the Government, it is equally his aim to inspire confidence in the loyal inhabitants of this State, and to assure others of protection and immunity if they return to their allegiance.

When necessaries are taken along the route of the Army, it will be by the proper officers, under orders only from the commanding general or generals of divisions, and will be receipted for and the owners in due time paid. But plundering and marauding, doubly disgraceful in soldiers, whose duty is to protect the persons and property of their countrymen, are declared by the Army Regulations to be crimes of such enormity, as to admit of no remission of the terrible penalty decreed by the military law for offenses of this nature.

It is therefore strictly forbidden to take private property from any person, for any purpose whatever, except by authority of a general officer; to enter any dwelling occupied or unoccupied, unless accompanied by a commissioned officer; to fire a gun or pistol in camp or on the march, or to leave the ranks upon any pretense without the order or permission of the company commander.

This requirement is to be enforced amongst all those who accompany the baggage and field trains, as well as with those who march in the columns.

II. As a habitual practice during the campaign, the troops will be required to turn out at the reveille roll-call under arms, and stand to arms fully equipped and ready for service. After roll-call the arms and accouterments will be inspected by a company officer. The cartridges in the boxes will be counted and the men held to answer, and if necessary be punished, for any expenditure of ammunition not properly accounted for.

III. All commanding officers will be held responsible for the strict execution of this order.

By order of Major-General Fremont:

J. H. EATON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 21, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the report requested in your letter of the 19th instant.*

We arrived at Saint Louis, as you are aware, at 2.30 a. m. October 11. After breakfast rode to Benton Barracks, above the city. On the street leading to the camp passed a small field work in course of construction. Found the camp of great extent, with extensive quarters, constructed of rough boards. Much has been said of the large sums expended in their erection, but some one mentioned that General McKinstry, principal quartermaster, who made the disbursements, gave the cost at $15,000. If so, it was judicious. The actual cost should be ascertained. General Curtis was in command. Force present, 140 officers, 3,338 men--principally detachments, except the First Iowa Cavalry, 34 officers, 904 men, having horses, but without equipments.

General Curtis said of General Fremont that he found no difficulty in having access to him, and when he presented business connected with his command, it was attended to. General F. never consulted him on

---------------

*Which, with this report, was submitted by the Secretary of War to the Joint Committee on the Conduct of the War, under date of March 12, 1862.

---------------

