HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,Cairo, Ill., October 25, 1861.

Captain CHAUNCEY McKEEVER, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I have the honor to report my return to this command last evening. You have no doubt received the report of General McClernand as to the result of the flag of truce sent to Columbus during my absence. I have nothing to add. My mission to Springfield was only partially successful. The governor has neither artillery nor small-arms at his disposal at present, but if my command (or this command) is not supplied when he does receive them, one company will be equipped with a battery of James' rifled cannon. This cannot be done before the last of November. I think I will send the Second Iowa Regiment to Saint Louis immediately after muster, and hope you will replace them with all the troops disposable.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

CAIRO, ILL., October 25, 1861.

General C. F. SMITH, Commanding Paducah, Ky.:

I am just informed by Mr. Casey, of Caseyville, Ky., a strong, unconditional Union man, that a regiment of cavalry is organizing at Princeton, Ky., for the Southern Confederacy. At last accounts they had about 500 men, well mounted, but not yet armed further than they have succeeded in pressing arms from the community around.

Princeton is 12 miles east from Eddyville, on the Cumberland River. The two places are connected by a good macadamized road. Mr. Casey says that the cavalry sent from Paducah by steamers, leaving there at dark, would reach Eddyville by about, 12 o'clock at night, and of course make the balance of the march in from to two and a half hours. I report this to you, so that you may, if you deem it prudent, take steps to secure these follows. It has been one week since Mr. Casey has heard from these troops, but he does not doubt but they are still there.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAIRO, ILL., October 27, 1861.

Captain CHAUNCEY McKEEVER, Saint Louis, Mo.:

The health of the Second Iowa Regiment is such that I have thought it both prudent and humane to send them to Saint Louis to recruit their health. Colonel Tuttle, the commander, is desirous of returning to this place as soon as it will be prudent to do so, and I have directed him to report to department headquarters when he thinks the health of his regiment sufficiently recovered. As the district is but weakly garrisoned, I would respectfully request that a regiment be sent here to replace the Second Iowa, and all the troops you can send will be gladly received.

Such drafts have been made upon the force at Columbus lately for the Green River country and possibly other parts of Kentucky, that if General Smith's and my command were prepared it might now be taken. I am not prepared, however, for a forward movement. My cavalry are not armed nor my artillery equipped; the infantry is not well armed, and transportation is entirely inadequate to any forward movement.

