
"for coolness and bravery throughout the day" and for highly meritious services in command of his section of the light battery of artillery.

Captain Thomas W. Sweeny, Second Infantry, acting inspector-general, for gallant and highly meritious services, "especially distinguished for his zeal in rallying broken fragments of various regiments and in leading them into the hottest of the fight."

Captain Joseph B. Plummer, First Infantry; Captain Charles C. Gilbert, First Infantry; Captain Daniel Huston, jr., First Infantry; Captain Frederick Steele, Second Infantry; First Lieutenant Henry C. Wood, First Infantry; First Lieutenant W. L. Lothrop, Fourth Artillery; Lieutenant Canfield, First cavalry, for conspicuous gallantry and highly meritious conduct from the beginning to the close of the battle.

Colonel Deitzler, First Kansas Volunteers, distinguished for coolness and courage while leading his regiment against the enemy.

Major John A. Halderman, First Kansas Volunteers, distinguished for gallantry and good conduct in leading a battalion of four companies of his regiment against the enemy.

Colonel R. B. Mitchell, Second Kansas Volunteers, distinguished for gallantry in the thickets of the fight."

Lieutenant Colonel Charles W. Blair, Second Regiment Kansas Volunteers, distinguished for cool and intrepid conduct in the command of his regiment, "attracting the admiration of all who saw him."

Major Cloud, Second Kansas Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Andrews, First Missouri Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Merritt, First Iowa Volunteers; Captain Herron, First Iowa Volunteers, for gallant and meritorious services.

Lieutenant Conrad, Second Infantry; Major Wherry, volunteer A. D. C.; Major Shepard, volunteer A. D. C.; Mr. E. Cozzens, volunteer A. D. C., especially mentioned for the zeal and courage they displayed throughout the action.

Brigadier General F. Sigel, commanding Second Brigade Missouri Volunteers, distinguished for gallant and meritorious conduct in the command of his brigade.

Major P. J. Osterhaus, commanding battalion Second Missouri Volunteers, distinguished for gallant and meritorious conduct in command of his battalion of volunteers.

Captain E. A. Carr, First Regiment U. S. Cavalry, distinguished for gallant and meritorious conduct under the orders of General Sigel.

Second Lieutenant Charles E. Farrand, First regiment U. S. Infantry, distinguished for gallant and meritorious conduct under the command of General Sigel.

First Lieutenant D. Murphy, First Missouri Volunteers, distinguished for gallant conduct and for meritorious services, particularly in assisting in the service of Totten's battery.

Sergt. Robert Armstrong, Sergt. Gustave Deyand, Corp. Albert Watchman, Corp. Lorenzo D. Trummel, Light Company F, Second Artillery, for gallant and meritorious conduct, "being on several occasions greatly exposed and severely tried."

First Sergt. George H. Mclaughlin, commanding Company E, Second Infantry; First Sergt. Griffin, commanding Company B, Second Infantry, for gallant and meritorious conduct (especially mentioned by their commander, Captain Steele).

I also forward herewith Captain Steele's report of the "affair" at Dug

