HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Springfield, Mo., November 2, 1861.

Soldiers of the Mississippi Army:

Agreeably to orders this day received I take leave of you. Although our army has been of sudden growth, we have grown up together, and I have become familiar with the brave and generous spirit which you bring to the defense of your country, and which makes me anticipate for you a brilliant career. Continue as you have begun, and give to my successor the same cordial and enthusiastic support with which you have encouraged me. Emulate the splendid example which you have already before you, and let me remain, as I am, proud of the noble army which I had thus far labored to bring together.

Soldiers, I regret to leave you. Most sincerely I thank you for the regard and confidence you have invariably shown to me. I deeply regret that I shall not have the honor to lead you to the victory which you are just about to win, but I shall claim to share with you in the joy of every triumph, and trust always to be fraternally remembered by my companions in arms.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,November 6, 1861.

Brigadier General S. R. CURTIS:

The General-in-Chief directs that you take at once the control of affairs in and around Saint Louis. Look to the safety of the arsenal. Take charge of the telegraph station. Act promptly under these orders till you receive instructions from General Hunter. Report frequently.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, No. 10. Springfield, November 6, 1861.

The general commanding the division gladly, avails himself of the opportunity to express to the officers and men of the Thirty-seventh Illinois Regiment his high appreciation of their prompt and soldierly response to the order for a forced march upon this place. Although they had been many days on the march, and were suffering fatigue and exposure, at the first call to face the enemy they forgot all their weariness, and for two successive days pushed forward to the scene of the expected action with a rapidity unusual amongst the oldest troops, and with an enthusiasm which promised that they would play a brilliant part in the engagement. Much as the general commanding the division regrets that their forced marches were unnecessary, he desires to assure the officers and men of the regiment, that their soldierly conduct is not unmarked, and that the feels renewed confidence that when the time for action does come they will play their part as becomes the State which sent them to the field.

By order of General Pope.

