
of Price's command, who have now returned to their homes, but with the intention and under a pledge of rejoining the rebel forces whenever called upon; and, lastly, because the fourth stipulation would blot out of existence the loyal men of the Missouri Home Guard, who have not, it is alleged, been recognized by act of Congress, and who, it would be claimed, are therefore "not legitimately connected with the armies in the field."

There are many more objections quite as powerful and obvious which might be urged against ratifying this agreement; its address, "To all peaceably citizens of the State of Missouri," fairly allowing the interference to be drawn that citizens of the United States, they loyal and true men of Missouri, are not included within its benefits. In fact, the agreement would seem to me, if ratified, a concession of all the principles for which the rebel leaders are contending, and a practical liberation, for use in other and more immediately important localities, of all their forces now kept employed in this portion of the State.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure A.]
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Springfield, Mo., October 30, 1861.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

Commanding Missouri Volunteers:

SIR: I am instructed by Major-General Fremont to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 26th instant, through Adjutant-General Little, including your approval of the plan of exchange of prisoners, as submitted to Major Morton and others.

The list, as submitted herewith, the pledge of Colonel Mulligan, as also the approval of General Fremont, and the names, have been sent to Saint Louis, to be carried into effect. I am directed by the general to say that he accepts your proposition for empowering Major Williams and Mr. Barclay to arrange terms of release of citizens arrested and now confined or released on parole and four future exchanges of prisoners, &amp;c. At this moment he has not time, before your agent, Colonel Hardee, shall leave, to fully agree upon the plan, nor for that of mitigating the evils of war in respect to all citizens who shall quietly devote themselves to their proper avocations.

He now, as heretofore expressed, repeats his desire of avoiding the character of warfare to which you allude, and will agree to take in no more Home Guards, so called, but only such as are of the character of regular troops, enlisted for the war, and who will be subject to orders, and can be restrained from all marauding. These matters will be further entertained when the gentlemen you have named shall have completed their present business in Saint Louis.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. EATON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

