
from an irregular source three days after General Hunter's order was published.* After sending a copy to General Hunter, I have concluded not to delay it, but allow it to go on the wires to you. A crowd, principally Germans, are waiting the arrival of General Fremont. It may be impossible to withdraw the money, but my officers are mixed in with the crowd to secure it if possible. All quiet.

CURTIS.

SAINT LOUIS, November 9, 1861.

To the ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: My telegram from near Warsaw, on the 6th instant, apprised the major-general commanding-in-chief that I had complied with the order of Lieutenant-General Scott, and had relinquished the command of the Western Department to Major-General Hunter. In further compliance with those orders I have the honor now to report for further orders.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

SAINT LOUIS, November 9, 1861-3 p.m.

E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

The paymaster and money chest have gone under a strong escort. All quiet. Yesterday Colonel Fiala sent report of General Grant's movement on Belmont, as ordered by General Fremont to-day. Captain McKeever telegraphs from Cincinnati to General Fremont that General Grant had no orders from Fremont to attack Belmont or Columbus. Somebody has scattered the force in the region of Pilot Knob, creating anxiety at post and offering feeble detachment to the enemy. Have reported to General Hunter.

CURTIS.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, No. 97. Washington, November 9, 1861.

The following departments are formed from the present Departments of the West, Cumberland, and Ohio:

1. The Department of New Mexico, to consist of the Territory of New Mexico, to be commanded by Colonel E. R. S. Canby, U. S. Army.

2. The Department of Kansas, to include the State of Kansas, the Indian Territory west of Arkansas, and the Territories of Nebraska, Colorado, and Dakota, to be commanded by Major-General Hunter, headquarters at Fort Leavenworth.

3. The Department of the Missouri, to include the States of Missouri, Iowa, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Illinois, Arkansas, and that portion of Kentucky west of the Cumberland River, to be commanded by Major General H. W. Halleck, U. S. Army.

* * * * * * *

By order:

JULIUS P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

