
neither rash nor timid; shall comply with your directions in regard to the plan of forts. I have a large lot of troops and more coming, but arms are scarce. Will write to your adjutant-general.

CURTIS,

Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, No. 305. Washington, November 13, 1861.

* * * * *

3. Brigadier General W. T. Sherman, on being relieved from his present command by Brigadier General D. C. Buell, will repair to Saint Louis, Mo., and report to Major General H. W. Halleck, for duty in the Department of the Missouri.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

L. THOMAS,Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,

Cairo, November 14, 1861.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Asst. Adjt. General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

In conformity with a telegraphic dispatch from Major-General McClellan, received yesterday, asking a full number of my command, their condition, wants, position, &amp;c., I have directed a full monthly report made out to be sent to your office. Owing to the activity with which troops under my command have been kept moving since the first of the mouth, full reports are not yet in. My command extends to Cape Girardeau, Mo., and includes the following posts:

Cape Girardeau, Mo., garrisoned with three regiments of infantry, one company light artillery, one engineer company, one company mounted Home Guards, and one siege company-both the latter anxious to be mustered into the service of the United States. The post commanded by Colonel J. B. Plummer, Eleventh Missouri Volunteers.

Bird's Point, Mo., garrisoned with six regiments of infantry, two companies light artillery, one engineer company, and eleven companies of cavalry. One company of artillery have just received their pieces, but have not yet been supplied with horses or harness. Four companies of the cavalry arrived yesterday.

Fort Holt, Ky., garrisoned with two regiments of infantry, one company each of cavalry and light artillery, the artillery with but four pieces (two of them taken at Belmont) and neither horses not harness. I was very much opposed to occupying Fort Holt at the beginning, but now a great deal of labor has been expended in fortifying and strengthening the position, and the troops there have partially built huts for winter accommodation.

Mound City, garrisoned with one regiment of infantry.

Cairo, with six regiments of infantry, one company light artillery, and nine companies of cavalry; one regiment of infantry and all the cavalry but one company without arms.

My whole command numbers less than 18,000, of which about 2,200 are sick. But for the measles, however, the health of the command would be comparatively good. We are deficient in land transportation,

