
our agents actively engaged in the manufacture of ammunition and in the purchases of arms, and when your regiments has been reported organized in ten companies, ranging from 64 to 100 men each, and enrolled for twelve months, if possible, it will be received into the Confederate service, and supplied with arms and ammunition. Such will be the course pursued also in relation to the two other regiments I have indicated.

The arms we are purchasing for the Indians are rifles, and they still be forwarded to Fort Smith.

Respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Montgomery, May 13, 1961.

Brigadier-General McCULLOCH, Commanding, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: The following instructions are communicated by direction of the Secretary of War:

Having been appointed a brigadier-general of volunteers in the service of the Confederate States, you are assigned to the command of the district embracing the Indian Territory lying west of Arkansas and south of Kansas. Your field of operations will be to guard that Territory against invasion from Kansas or elsewhere. For this purpose there will be placed at your disposal three regiments of volunteers, viz: one regiment of mounted, men from Texas, to serve for a term of eighteen months; one of mounted men from Arkansas, to serve for during the war, and one regiment of foot from Louisiana, to serve for twelve months. These several regiments will be organized in conformity to the law relating to volunteer forces, and will rendezvous-that from Texas at Dallas, in that State, and the two others at Fort Smith, Ark.

Independently of this force, it is desirable to engage, if possible, the service of any of the Indian tribes occupying the Territory referred to in numbers equal to two regiments. This force, should you be able to obtain it, you are authorized to receive and organize as a part of your command, for such service as your judgment may determine.

Such supplies of the ordnance, quartermaster's, and commissary departments in Texas and Arkansas as are under the control of the War Department, and to such extent as may be needed for your operations, will be subject to your orders.

Besides the duties above referred to, there are others which are deemed highly important, and which demand your earliest attention. It has been represented to the Department that there is at this time a large garrison of U. S. troops at Fort Washita. This force, consisting of six companies of cavalry and five companies of infantry, in all about 800 men, with a battery of field artillery, has been concentrated at Washita, preparatory to a movement thence in a northern direction through the Indian country into Kansas. It is desirable that these troops should be captured with the least practicable delay. You will therefore, in proceeding to Texas, take Arkansas in your route, and after satisfying yourself there of the position and numbers of these troops, organize such force as may be necessary in your opinion to take Fort Washita and capture its garrisons, or should the troops have left there, to intercept them on their march. Captain McIntosh, of cavalry, has

