
and quite civilized races, and owning, as they do, considerable slave property themselves, their interests and feelings are wholly with the South.

Within the boundaries of this great country are the States of Missouri and Kansas. The former, being surrounded on three sides by free States, although identified in sympathy and interest with the Southern Confederacy, scarcely dare make a move toward secession in the present state of affairs. Kansas is controlled by a majority if poor, worthless, starving abolitionists, who receive their support from donations of provisions from the Northern States, which are transported through Missouri and delivered to them on the banks of the Missouri River. There is still in Kansas a strong pro-slavery element, kept in subjection to this dominant party, that will gladly unite with any movement made by the Confederate States to throw off the yoke, and will fly to arms at a moment's warning. The question now presents itself whether all this valuable territory shall go with the North or the South. The answer depends upon the prompt action of your Government. Missouri cannot be secured to the South unless the country west of it is taken possession of and held by the Confederate States. With six regiments of cavalry from Arkansas and Texas and the forces that can be obtained from the Indian Territory, I can size and hold Forts Laramie and Wise, and Fort Union, if necessary, and take possession of all military stores and munitions of war at the forts in Kansas and Colorado, and will destroy what will be of no utility, establish headquarters, near the Chevenne Pass, and with the possession of Forts Laramie and Wise, cut off all communication between the Northern States and the Pacific coast; and at the same time, acting in conjunction with Missouri, can seize Forts Leavenworth and Riley, and expel from Kansas the horde of Northern vandals that now infests it, opposed to your Government, and declare Missouri, Kansas, and Colorado a part of the Confederate States of America. Also seize the daily overland express mail to California, and appropriate it to the transportation of mail and express matter to and from the Southern States only. A majority of the otherwise of the capital stock of this company entertain warm Southern views, and would willingly acquiesce therein.

Hoping these suggestions will meet with your approbation, I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

F. J. MARSHALL.

I have carefully read the foregoing, and heartily indorse the suggestions therein politically and in a military point of view.

R. H. WEIGHTMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Camp Holloway, Missouri State Guard.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., May 20, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: I have the honor to make the following statement in reference to military matters in this State for your information:

Since my arrival here I ascertained that although a large amount of arms and munitions of war was secured by the capture of the arsenal at this place, there is now but a small amount left. At the present time there are only 2,260 flint-lock muskets (new), 60 percussion muskets, and 160 Hall's rifles. The ammunition for small-arms consists of 250,000

