
WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Montgomery, May 25, 1861.

His Excellency C. F. JACKSON,

Governor of Missouri, at Jefferson City.

SIR: In answer to your letter of the 5th of May,* it gives me very great pleasure to be enabled to say to your excellency that this department fully appreciates the sentiments of your heart, the embarrassments of your position, and the judgment displayed in view of all the obstacles opposing your policy. That the popular and momentarily suppressed feeling and sympathy of Missouri are with the cause of the Confederate States is not questioned by this Government, but at the same time we are forced to acknowledge the critical nature of her condition, envirodet as she is on three sides by the enemy. Four years ago I felt satisfied when the present issue came she would be thus circumstanced, and in the administration of this department, recognizing your situation, I have only regretted I have not, for the want of Confederate authority within your limits, been able to extend towards you that measure of relief called for by your necessities. I have, nevertheless, set forward movements which I flatter myself will before very long contribute largely to disrupt the letters that now shackle the freedom of your own and the popular action. Your excellency may feel assured we have forces in the field and have made preparations for defense sufficient to retard the advance across our lines of the most formidable power, at least until additional supplies of men and arms can be brought not only to the rescue, but to drive back the invaders of our soil, and even to carry the war into the enemy's country. Our people to the last man have already definitely made up their minds to the final result of a desperate and bloody issue, and there resides with them and our cause a sustaining spirit which can never animate our enemies, and with which the history of the world demonstrates victory invariably reposes.

In this connection, it is to be deeply regretted that two prominent officers, late prisoners of war to our forces, and liberated in the most generous manner, are now to be found with arms in their hands-the one in Missouri and the other in Kentucky-seeking with the sword to requite our humanity: I mean General Harney and Major Anderson. Such conduct can only serve to exasperate our soldiers on the battle-field to spare this Government all occasion for the display of magnanimity by urging them to yield no quarter to prisoners.

If I do not write more fully and in detail, it is for the reasons expressed by your excellency in regard to the probabilities of interception.

But, with renewed expression of high regard, personally and politically, I remain, your friend and servant,

L. P. WALKER.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEP'T,

Montgomery, May 25, 1861.

To the Military Commission of Arkansas, at Little Rock, R. W. JOHNSON, A. RUST, H. F. THOMASON, W. W. WATKINS, A. H. GARLAND:

GENTLEMEN: It is understood by this Department that Arkansas has now two regiments organized, armed, and equipped, under her authority. If this fact be so, and the State of Arkansas desires to be

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

