
of bearing arms to be ready to defend his home and family, his country and his property, and to render prompt obedience to all orders from the officers set over them.

9th. Resolved, That the governor cause these resolutions to be published in the National Register, at Boggy Depot, and copies thereof sent to the several Indian nations, to the governor, of the adjacent States, to the President of the Confederate States, and to Abraham Lincoln, President of the Black Republican party.

Passed the House of Representatives May 25, 1865.

A. ALEXANAN,

Speaker House Representatives.

Attest:

C. CARTER,

Clerk House Representatives.

Passed the Senate.

JOHN E. ANDERSON,

President of Senate.

Attest:

JAMES N. McLISH,

Clerk of Senate.

Approved, Tishomingo, May 25, 1861.

C. HARRIES,

Governor.

MONTGOMERY, May 25, 1861.

Colonel T. C. HINDMAN, Helena, Ark.:

If ten companies are raised, they are hereby ordered to Fort Smith, for General McCulloch's command. Camp equipage will be provided as soon as possible. The companies will be mustered into service as they arrive there, and subsisted at Government expense. You must obtain flint-lock muskets from your State.

L. P. WALKER.

FORT SMITH, ARK., May 28, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that I arrived here on the 25th instant. Since my arrival I have endeavored to get all the information I could in reference to the sentiments of the Indian tribes in the Territory. It appears from the best information that the Choctaw and Chickasaw are all anxious to join the Southern Confederacy, and I think that Colonel Cooper will have no difficulty in organizing his regiment. The Creek Nation will also come in, and there will be no difficulty in raising a regiment in the tribe. It appears that there are two parties in the Cherokee Nation- one very much in favor of joining the Southern Confederacy; the other hesitates, and favors the idea of remaining neutral. These two parties are kept apart by bitter feuds of long standing, and it is possible that feelings of animosity may tempt one party to join the North, should their forces march into the Indian Territory. It is therefore necessary to see the chief of the tribe (John Ross), and by enlisting him on our side to get a force into the nation that will prevent any force from the North getting a foothold and enlisting the sympathies of any portion with their party. Captain Pike, commissioner, accompanies me to-day on my mission to the chief.

