
[Inclosure.]

LITTLE ROCK, May 28, 1861.

THO. O. MOORE, Governor of Louisiana, New Orleans:

DEAR SIR: The regiment arrived here last night and this morning, in good health. We debarked here for two reasons: The water has so much fallen in the Arkansas, as we were informed, that we could proceed no farther by the steamers we were on, and because the governor of this State and the military board had received certain information that Laue, with a large body of troops, is within the northern boundary of this State at a place called Pocahontas. On this afternoon, authoritatively received, I at once determined to debark and make requisition for ammunition, of which, we have received none until the governor of Arkansas gave an order for its receipt from the State arsenal.

The agent of the Indian called on me this morning, and states that the nations on the borders of this State are anxious and desirous to be armed; that they can and will muster into the service 25,000 men; that they have immense supplies of beeves, sufficient to supply the meat for the whole Confederate service. All they ask is arms and enrollment. If within your power to forward their views with the President, it would be a great step in the right direction, and erect a more effectual barrier against the Kansas marauders than any force that could be sent against them, and thereby protect the northern boundary of both Arkansas, and Louisiana. The reasons why every effort should be made to arm these people (now heart and soul with us) to defend themselves and us are so palpable, that I do not attempt to urge them on you, but do solicit your attention, so far as is compatible with your high position, to this matter, to impress its importance on the President, and use your well-known influence to effect this much desirable result. Our colonel is not yet with us. I received a dispatch at Napoleon from Honorable Judge Moise, for which I return my thanks. Please say to my brother that we are all well and preparing for duty.

With highest regard, believe me, sir, your friend sincerely,

S. M. HYAMS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Third Regiment La. Vols.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., June 2, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

DEAR SIR: I have been detained by pneumonia, an attack from which kept me ten days in bed. Then low water and the sinking of a steam-boat kept me until yesterday. I am not able to report upon the condition of things among the Indians, but hear they are favorable. General McCulloch is about the frontier of Arkansas, northwest of Fort Smith, as I hear. I do not think these matters worth talking about, but my sense of duty requires me to report that with about 25,000 able-bodied brave men Arkansas has less the appearance of a military organization than any people I ever yet knew. The people are nearly all under arms, and daily rumors of invasions calling them from home, and I never yet saw people who appeared to know so little about commanders, or who seemed so utterly devoid of confidence in any one faction or leader of a faction in the State. My belief and conviction is that but little can be done among these factions, and that a military leader from without the State is needed, who when he gets here shall have command of all the

