
so unless circumstances compel me. The neutral position you wish to maintain will not be molested without good cause. In the mean time those of your people who are in favor of joining the Confederacy must be allowed to organize into military companies as Home Guards, for the purpose of defending themselves in case of invasion from the North. This of course will be in accordance with the views you expressed to me, that in case of an invasion from the North you would lead your men yourself to repel it. Should a body of men march into your Territory from the North, or if I have an intimation that a body is in line of march for the Territory from that quarter, I must assure you that I will at once advance into your country, if I deem it advisable.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

BEN. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, June 12, 1861.

His Excellency Gov. H. M. RECTOR, Little Rock, Ark.:

SIR: Colonel Hindman, Arkansas Volunteers, has been ordered, so soon as his regiment is organized, armed, and equipped, to proceed to Northeastern Arkansas, in the vicinity of Clark's Bluffs, there to adopt defensive measures for protection of the State. It is desired that you will furnish him with arms, ammunition, &amp;c., as he remains within the State and has been advised that his armament would be furnished by you.

It has been reported that provisions captured at Helena and Napoleon were placed under your control. It is requested that you will place them subject to the order of Colonel Hindman, regiment Arkansas volunteers, to be used and accounted for as stores belonging to the Confederate States service.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MISSOURI STATE GUARD, No. 11. Jefferson City, Mo., June 12, 1861.

I. The commanders of the military district of the Missouri State Guard will immediately assemble all the valuable troops in their respective district for actual service.

II. The forces of the third district will, as they assemble, march by regiments, battalions, or companies, without delay, to Booneville, Cooper County, which will be the rendezvous. On their arrival at this place the commanders of such regiments, battalions, and companies will report to the senior officer present, who will report each arrival to these headquarters and to the commanders of the Sixth Military District.

III. The forces of the first, second, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth will assemble in camp, the place to be designated by the respective district commanders, who will repair in person to said camp and superintend the organization and equipment of their commands. They will from time to time report to these headquarters the number and condition of their command.

