
officers, and 1 bugler, nor more than 100 to each company; two companies of like strength from Pushmataha district, and two from Mosholatubbee district; making in all 700 men, as near as possible, will be enrolled, elect their officers, and report themselves ready for immediate service in the mounted regiment of Choctaw and Chickasaw rifle-men called for by the Confederate States of America, to be commanded by Colonel D. H. Cooper, of C. S. Army; and, further, I require that all free male persons not subject to military duty under the laws of the nation shall forthwith form themselves into squads of patrol, under a headman to be chosen by themselves, in each neighborhood, as "Home Guards," for the protection of the country and preservation of order, whenever the volunteer and reserve militia of the nation shall have been called into active service. The sheriffs of each county are required by law to enroll and report a list of all those capable of military service, either in the volunteer or reserve militia, to the adjutant-general of the Choctaw Nation. I hereby appeal to all persons in the nation to render prompt obedience to all civil and military officers, and enjoin all civil and military officers to be prompt in the discharge of their duty. Our position now requires, that every effort be used to defend the country and repress all disorderly and unlawful acts.

Given under my hand and seal, as principal chief of the Choctaw Nation, at the executive office, in the town of Doaksville, on the 14th day of June, A. D. 1861.

[L. S.]

GEORGE HUDSON,

Principal Chief Choctaw Nation.

By the principal chief:

L. P. PITCHLYNN, National Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS McCULLOCH'S BRIGADE,Fort Smith, Ark., June 14, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War:

SIR: The bearer of this communication (Captain Green) has been sent by the governor of the State of Missouri to urge upon me the necessity of advancing a force into the State to give countenance to the secessionists in their attempt to free themselves from the yoke which has been placed upon them. The governor is ready for the crisis, and he only wants the aid of a force from this quarter to put his forces in action. Captain Green will give you all the necessary information in regard to the views and secret movements of the governor of his State.

I think the proposition made by the governor is one of great importance to the Confederate Government, and I hope may meet with your favorable consideration. I will briefly lay before you a plan of operations. As I have before communicated to you, the chief of the Cherokees is not willing to have a force marched into his country, and he desires to remain neutral. The only way to force his country into the Confederacy is to throw a force into the northeastern portion of this State, take possession of Fort Scott on the Missouri line, and subjugate that portion of Kansas. I am satisfied that Lane has no force yet of any importance, and the occupation of Fort Scott would not only place Kansas in my power, but would give heart and countenance to our friends in Missouri, and accomplish the very object for which I was sent here, preventing a force from the North invading the Indian Territory. All the border counties on the western line of Missouri are

