
with us. We would therefore be able to draw our supplies from them. After strengthening myself at Fort Scott I could, by co-operating with Missouri, take such a position on the Kansas River as I might desire.

In order to carry out this plan I would again respectfully apply to have the Western Military Division of Arkansas put under my orders, with authority to muster the troops now in it (about 1,600) into the provisional forces, and to accept such other regiments and battalions until my force is at least 7,000 strong. The Indians are much opposed to marching out of their country. They are willing to organize for its defense, but want to remain in it. From what I have seen of them, I do not think it would be prudent to march them into Kansas, for they would be difficult to restrain, and I should much fear the censures that would be heaped on our Government by employing them. In the State of Arkansas is supplied with sufficient arms, I will have no difficulty in getting the requisite force, but as this matter is of the utmost importance, I think if a well-drilled regiment is available it should be at once sent to report to me.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

BEN. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., June 21, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

We have a large armed force in the field, say 8,000 men. Missouri calls for our aid, which cannot be effectively furnished under State authority. We will turn over this force by their consent to the Confederate Government, including arms, with the provision that the arms are to be so used as to secure ample protection and security to Arkansas in future. In contemplation of this proposition we have called no general officer into the field; making prompt and speedy answer highly important. It is suggested that an active campaign in Missouri would aid Virginia. Please reply promptly.

H. M. RECTOR,

Governor, and President Military Board.
HEADQUARTERS McCULLOCH'S BRIGADE,Fort Smith, Ark., June 22, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the inclosed copy of a communication from John Ross, the principal chief of the Cherokee Nation.

Under all the circumstances of the case I do not think it advisable to march into the Cherokee country at this time unless there is some urgent necessity for it. If the views expressed in my communication to you of the 14th instant are carried out, it will, I am satisfied, force the conviction on the Cherokees that they have put one course to pursue-that is, to join the Confederacy. The Choctaw and Chickasaw regiment will be kept on the south of them; Arkansas will be to the east; and with my force on the western border of Missouri no force will be able to march into the Cherokee Nation, and surrounded as they will be by Southern troops, they will have but one alternative at all events. From my position to the north of them, in any event, I will have a controlling

