
I should apologize for any seeming abruptness of expression in my letter, for in none of it is there aught but the haste of a letter written in the pain and weakness of a sick bed, and dictated by a sentiment of that sincere respect of which it is begged you will be assured by your obedient servant,

R. W. JOHNSON.

RICHMOND, VA., June 25, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States:

SIR: Permit me respectfully to suggest to you that in the event that the Confederate States forces find it necessary to advance into Missouri, they might find it advantageous to have among both their men and their officers as many Missourians as possible. To that end, if the Honorable E. Carrington Cabell could be attacked in some suitable position, as aide-de-camp or otherwise, to the staff, of the commanding officer of those forces, and should Mr. Cabell be willing to accept the position, I decidedly advise its being done. His high standing in Missouri, as also elsewhere, his sound judgment, practical common sense, and thorough acquaintance with the condition of affairs in Missouri, would enable him to be of essential service. As an officer of militia cavalry he acquired sufficient knowledge of military affairs to justify such an appointment.

I remain, Mr. President, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. C. REYNOLDS.

[Indorsement.]

Honorable E. C. CABELL:

Please read the within, and give me your views and wishes thereon.

Your friend,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, June 26, 1861.

Brigadier General BEN. McCULLOCH,

Commanding, &amp;c., Fort Smith, Ark.:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of the 14th instant, addressed to the Secretary of War, I am instructed to say that you are authorized, should you think proper, to take position at Fort Scott, and that you may give such assistance to Missouri as will subserve the main purpose of your command. If an invasion of Kansas is rendered necessary for that purpose, it will be a question for you to determine, after fully considering the consequences as affecting the neutrality of the Cherokees, which should not be disregarded if it is possible by diplomacy to prevent it; the great object of your command being not only to conciliate the Indian nations, but to obtain their active co-operation with us in prosecuting the war. You will perceive that by exciting the hostility of the Cherokee Nation the prospect of a successful termination of your command will be greatly diminished.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

