HEADQUARTERS McCULLOCH'S BRIGADE,Fort Smith, Ark., June 29, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to state to you that I will leave here to-morrow morning with the regiments of Arkansas and Louisiana volunteers to march to Maysville, on the northwestern frontier of Arkansas. General Pearce is already there with 900 men. Missouri has been crushed, and all of her forces are falling back from the Federal troops in the State. I have authentic information that a force of nearly 3,000 Federal troops are now in Springfield, Mo., and that General Lyon, with 9,000 men, will soon be with them. from reliable information it is the intention to enter this State and the Indian Territory. Under these circumstances I have deemed it necessary to issue a proclamation, calling all the men of Western Arkansas to arms for the emergency, and to rally upon Fayetteville, twenty miles from Maysville. I hope soon to have such a force at my disposal on the northern frontier to drive this force back; at all events to keep them from entering the State. The Texas regiment has orders to join me as soon as possible. It has not yet reported here. My embarrassment here has been very great. Sent here without a force, without transportation, and without arms, I have found myself very much ripped; but by taking the necessary responsibility I have organized a train, the necessary staff department, called for an additional force, and am determined to march against this force to hold it in check, and, if an opportunity occurs, to strike them a blow in Missouri. I hope that I will be sustained in all the steps that I have deemed it necessary to take.

We are much in need of arms and ammunition. Is it not possible to send me a supply?

From the last accounts such of the State troops of Missouri as are still under the command of the governor and General Rains are falling back from the Federal forces toward the southwestern corner of the State. I have sent reliable men to them, with advice to fall back and form a junction with me.

I have the honor to be, sir,

BEN. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, July 2, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

MY DEAR SIR: As Governor Reynolds was about leaving Richmond he told me he would make the suggestion which he has made in his letter of the 25th of June, which you inclose to me to-day.

The proposition was new and unexpected, and, at first presentation, I told Governor Reynolds that the position alluded to would not suit me. But further consideration has brought my mind to the conclusion that I have no right to decline a position which may enable me to render important service to our country. My heart and soul are in this cause, and I have long since resolved myself as far as practicable to its success.

To insure the accession of Missouri to the Confederate States has been the subject of my labors for several months past. This great result may, and I feel confident will, be attained. But it is secondary to the cause of Southern independence, and should it fail, which God forbid,

