
If Lieutenant-Governor Reynolds has been to see you these remarks are superfluous, but I mention them for fear he may have returned to Missouri without having seen you.

I herewith send you a small map of Missouri, on which I have marked the military districts and the brigadier-generals commanding each district, which may be of use to the War Department; and I would here remark that I am personally acquainted with all the leading men in the State, and probably know the military resources better than any one, and at any time that I can be of service to the cause of the Southern Confederacy, either individually or officially, I am at your command.

I suppose by this time Colonel Bowen's regiment is full, but if you will receive another Missouri regiment I can have one at your service at any time in a week.

Any communication you may have to send to any one in Missouri by mail this is the most accessible point, as the people here and beyond the line are in constant intercourse.

Excuse the length of this letter, as my interest in the cause is great. I would respectfully refer you, if you should have forgotten my previous letters, to Andrew Hunter, of Jefferson; Daniel De Jarnett, of Caroline; or H. P. Poindexter, of Richmond.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Of Saint Joseph, Mo.

MEMPHIS, TENN., July 3, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: Inclosed you will please find copy of a telegram sent you on the 21st ultimo from Little Rock, Ark.* I have never received an answer. I know you are worried to death with letters, importunities, &amp;c., but the fact is, General McCulloch's command is in a very bad fix as regards arms. His cavalry regiment, commanded by Colonel Churchill, are armed with old muskets, flint-and-steel locks, and bayonets; no cartridge-boxes, bayonet scabbards, or belts, and he is in great want of ammunition. Be pleased to answer the dispatch. I am here in Memphis, having the cartridge-boxes, bayonet scabbards, and belts made. General Hardee is here. He has requested me to say to you that he wishes Mr. John Pope, of Little Rock, Ark., appointed quartermaster for his division. Mr. Pope is the grandson of the John Pope, who was formerly governor of Kentucky. He is a gentleman, and is well suited for the position, and would give universal satisfaction to all; can give a bond for any amount, and can give you any recommendation you might wish. General Hardee is very anxious to secure his services, and has written you on this subject. Should you appoint him, be pleased to let him know it as soon as possible. I succeeded in getting fresh quartermaster provisions to him without any loss, and took a receipt for it in good order. General McCulloch is on his way to the Missouri frontier. I am busy getting subscriptions of cotton and producer for the Confederate States. I write this letter in a great hurry, as the bearer is about to leave.

Very truly, your friend, &c.,

JOHN A. JORDAN.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

