
Artillery, commanded by Captain Roberts; the McCown Artillery, commanded by Captain McCowin; Trigg's Artillery, commanded by Captain Trigg; and a company of artillery attached to Brigadier-General Pearce's command.

2. The military board of the State of Arkansas, upon the part of and in behalf of the State of Arkansas, hereby transfers the use and control of the arms and munitions of war now in the service of the above described troops, and such other arms and munitions as may hereafter be deemed necessary to be transferred, to the Government of the Confederate States of America, upon an inventory being taken and a receipt given for the same by Brigadier-General Hardee, or such agent as he may authorize to receipt for the same; the State of Arkansas retaining her property in the arms, with the understanding that they or their equivalent shall be returned at the close of the war.

3. The military board of the State of Arkansas, upon the part of and in behalf of the State of Arkansas, hereby transfers to the Government of the Confederate States of America all the commissary and quartermaster supplies belonging to the above-described troops, and agrees to furnish them with an outfit consisting of horses for artillery, harness for artillery, ammunition wagons, caissons, with camp and garrison equipage, and the transportation necessary for field service.

4. Brigadier-General Hardee, upon the part of and in behalf of the Government of the Confederate States of America, agrees, either by himself or agent, to receipt for the above-described stores, outfit, supplies, and transportation, and stipulates that said Government of the Confederate States of America shall pay to the State of Arkansas the amount expended, or to be expended, for said supplies, stores, &amp;c.

5. The military board of the State of Arkansas, upon the part of and in behalf of the State of Arkansas, agrees to furnish the necessary clothing prescribed in the Regulations of the Army of the Confederate States to the above-described troops during the period for which they enlisted and Brigadier-General Hardee, upon the part of and in behalf of the Government of the Confederate States of America, stipulates that said Government of the Confederate States of America shall pay to the State of Arkansas a sum equal to the cost of clothing of a non-commissioned officer or private in the Regular Army of the Confederate States for each soldier so furnished with clothing by the State of Arkansas.

In testimony whereof the parties above named hereunto sign their names and affix their seals.

Done at Little Rock, July 15, 1861.

H. M. RECTOR,

Governor and ex officio President Military Board.

BENJAMIN C. TOTTEN,

SAMUEL W. WILLIAMS.

W. J. HARDEE,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

In the presence of-

D. W. DAVIS,

Secretary of Military Board.
HEADQUARTERS McCULLOCH'S BRIGADE,Camp on Sugar Creek, near Bentonville, Ark., July 18, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to report for your information that I am now occupying this position on the Springfield road, about 7 miles from

