
spirits of our troops are high, and we trust we may count on favorable results.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Major-General, Commanding Second Division.

OLD CHOCTAW AGENCY, July 25, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States of America, Richmond:

SIR: The organization of the Choctaw and Chickasaw Regiment of Mounted Rifles will be completed this week, but as yet no arms have been furnished at Fort Smith for them. I hope speedy and effectual measures will be taken to arm the people of this (Indian) Territory-the Creeks, Seminoles, Cherokees. These will be all right now. The Choctaws and Chickasaw can furnish 10,000 warriors if needed. The Choctaws and Chickasaws are extremely anxious to form another regiment.

There seems to be a disposition to keep the Indians at home. This seems to me bad policy. They are unfit for garrison duty, and would be a terror to the Yankees.

I hope you will excuse the freedom with which I write, but the Fort Smith clique, who oppose me in everything, right or wrong, seem to have obtained a controlling influence on matters at headquarters.

Captain Pike has intimated that the holding of the agency for the Choctaws and Chickasaws and that of colonel of their regiment are "incompatible." It has been the effort of the set with whom he is identified for years to break me down, and especially to get control of the Choctaw and Chickasaw agency. Pike himself has not entered into this scheme heretofore, but his hint shows that an excuse is only wanted to do so. Now, the Confederate States having adopted the old intercourse law, there is no difficulty in the way. The President, as you know, can assign to any military officer the duties of Indian agent. My own opinion, formed long since, is that military officers should in all cases perform the duties of Indian agents. I have taken the oath of allegiance and the pledge to accept the Indian agency as required by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, Mr. Hubbard.

Colonel Greer's regiment from Texas will arrive near my camp, 10 miles west of this, to-night. I learn it, too, is poorly armed. The Indians have few or no guns. I could not arm over three companies from all the guns in the regiment.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

DOUGLAS H. COOPER.
HEADQUARTERS UPPER DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Pitman's Ferry, July 25, 1861.

His Excellency H. M. RECTOR, President Military Board:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that I have established my headquarters at this place, which is on the Current River and within 400 yards of the Missouri line. It is a healthy location, and beef and flour can be had sufficient for the wants of the troops.

