
The men are being turned over to the Confederate States. The process so far has been slow.

The troops are much in want of clothing of every description, shoes, shirts, socks, pantaloons, and coats and hats. I hope that this matter may be attended to promptly by the military board.

I inclose a requisition for camp and garrison equipage and for such other supplies as are absolutely required.

I shall make a requisition on Memphis for 50 additional wagons and harness complete. This was my understanding with the board, and I wish to fulfil fully my part of the agreement.

It will require energy and dispatch to place this command in condition to take the field.

I shall keep you advised of all my movements, and I hope you will lose no time in supplying my wants.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-I hope you will forward the ammunition, harness, &amp;c., if you have not already done so, without delay.
HEADQUARTERS UPPER DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Pitman's Ferry, July 25, 1861.

Major-General POLK, Commanding, Memphis:

GENERAL: Herewith, I have the honor to inclose requisitions for quartermaster and subsistence for the use of my command, which I hope you will order to be shipped to me without delay.

I have established my headquarters at this place, which is on Current River, and within 400 yards of the Missouri line. It is a healthy location, and convenient to get supplies of beef and flour, of which there is sufficient for my command.

A report reached me to-day from General Watkins, of the Missouri forces, who is near Bloomfield, that the enemy is marching on line from Ironton with 1,050, and from a captured dispatch he learns that similar expeditions are on their way from Cape Girardeau and Saxton. I have dispatched a messenger to ascertain the truth of these reports; if reliable, I shall sustain General Watkins with a strong detachment from this place.

Very respectfully,

W. J. HARDEE,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, July 26, 1861.

Brigadier General BEN. McCULLOCH,

Headquarters, Camp Jackson, Ark.:

SIR: Your letter of the 9th instant has been received. The brilliant operations therein communicated could not received too high praise, and this Department approves your conduct in every particular. Your future operations will be looked for with great interest, and in every emergency this Department confides fully in your ability, courage, and skill. Your requisitions upon this Department have all received atten-

