
tion, and all except those for arms and ammunition have been filled. With regard to these, orders have been issued in the most urgent manner to the Bureau of Ordnance to furnish you with a full supply of ammunition at the earliest possible day, and of arms purchases are being made by every means within the reach of this Government. You shall be supplies, therefore, at the earliest possible moment.

Very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

LITTLE ROCK, July 26, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,:

The extreme necessity of the forces under command of Major General Sterling Price, of Missouri, now in the southwest corner of that State, had induced the military board of the State of Arkansas, as a means of temporary relief, to advise to credit of the State $10,000. Supposing that the Confederate States are making common cause with your Southern friends in Missouri, we ask that the Confederate authority approve and assume the payment of the loan we have made.

H. M. RECTOR,

Governor, and President Military Board.
HEADQUARTERS,Pocahontas, Ark., July 27, 1861.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

Commanding, &amp;c., Cowskin Prairie:

GENERAL: I received your communication of the 19th instant, inviting my co-operation in a combined attack of the forces under McCulloch, Pearch, and yourself on the Federal forces at Springfield, Mo. I regret to say that it is impossible for me at this time to move my command. The forces in Arkansas are now being transferred to the Confederate States. Only about 800 men have been so transferred, and I have actually under my command less than 2,300 men. When all the forces in this part of the State are transferred, I shall have less than 5,000 men, badly organized, badly equipped, and wanting in discipline and instruction. One of my batteries has no harness and no horses, and not one of the regiments has transportation enough for active field service. I have not been in command a week. I am doing all in my power to remedy these deficiencies, but it takes time to get harness and transportation. I do not wish to march to your assistance with less than 5,000 men, well appointed, and a full complement of artillery. With every desire to aid and co-operate with the forces in the West, I am compelled at this time to forego that gratification. I hope at no distant day to be able to lend you efficient aid in overthrowing the Federal domination in Missouri.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-Colonel Mitchell is fully possessed of my views, and will be able to give you such details as you may need.

