
move towards Springfield as rapidly as possible with the entire force, and hope soon to put the Missourians again in possession of it.

I communicated my plans to General Hardee at Pocahontas, Ark., and suggested the propriety of his making a demonstration at the same time on Rolla, in Missouri, the terminus of the Southwestern Railroad. I have been compelled to furnish other commands with so much of my ammunition that my supply is now very limited, and if the enemy are re-enforced it may be necessary to have a large supply here to carry on the war. In any event it is necessary to have a supply sent to Fort Smith for the use of my command, and I hope you will see the necessity of at once sending me a large amount of flint-lock musket cartridges, percussion musket cartridges for percussion and minie muskets, and caps, and such cannon ammunition for field pieces as can be spared.

We are very much in need of caps, both for the musket and the ordinary rifle. I am in hopes that you have sent me the cavalry arms that I have applied for in former communications. Major Clark has notified me that the ammunition lately sent for the use of the brigade (seventy boxes of musket cartridges and a quantity of accouterments) were lost with the steamboat William Henry, on the Arkansas River.

I write in haste, as I move early to-morrow morning. I herewith inclose my general order of march, which has been left to me, and which the generals commanding other forces have agreed to observe.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

BEN. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS McCULLOCH'S BRIGADE,Camp near Cassville, Ark., July 30, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to state that I have just received authentic information that the Texas regiment has reached Fort Smith with no other arms than a few shot-guns. The authorities in Texas refused to furnish them arms on my requisition.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

BEN. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., July 31, 1861.

GEORGE W. CLARK,

Quartermaster, Fort Smith, Ark. (via Little Rock):

Arms have been sent to Fort Smith for the Indian regiments. Supposed they had arrived.

L. P. WALKER.

SEMINOLE AGENCY, July 31, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War:

SIR: When I recommended the appointment of William H. Garrett, the present agent for the Creek to be colonel of the Creek regiment, I had not sufficiently estimated the ambition and desire for distinction of the leading men of that nation, and I also supposed that Mr. Garrett, popular with them as an agent, would be acceptable as colonel of their

