
regiment; but when I concluded with them the very important treaty of July 10, instant, they strenuously insisted that the colonel of the regiment to be raised should be elected by the men. As the public interest did not require, I should insist on a contrary provision, by which I might have jeopardied the treaty, I yielded, and the consequence is that by the treaty, as signed and ratified by the Creek council, the field officers are all to be elected by the men of the regiment.

This being the case, I have this day written Colonel Garrett, requesting him to inform the Creeks immediately, as I have already done, that notwithstanding his appointment they will elect their colonel. If he should not do so he will cause much mischief, and would deserve severe censure; but I do not doubt he will promptly do it.

I embrace this opportunity to inform you that the organization of eight companies of the Creek regiment has been reported to me, of three of which complete rolls have been furnished, and that I have accepted these three, to be mustered into service by General McCulloch. Have certified rolls in duplicate, and forwarded one copy to the general.

I have written fully to the Secretary of State in regard to the necessity of at once receiving this regiment and a battalion offered by the Seminoles, and he will no doubt confer with you on the subject. Colonel Cooper informs me that the Choctaw and Chickasaw regiment is raised and ready to receive its arms. The Creeks would readily raise and offer another battalion; and in the condition of the Cherokee country, and as an invasion of this region from Kansas is threatened, I think it would be well to accept it. Two thousand Creeks and Seminoles against Lane's and Montgomery's marauders will be a force not to be despised.

I take an escort of 56 Creeks and Seminoles, organized as a company, as my escort to the Wichita country, where I am going to treat with the wild Comanches of the prairie; and I consider it no small matter, in the present state of affairs on our border, that we have so dealt, by fairness and frankness, with these brave and honest Indians, so lately at war with us, and whose old homes we possess, that they are now with us almost to a man, as zealous as we are for the rights of the South.

I have the honor to be, very truly, your obedient servant,

ALBERT PIKE,

Com'r of Confederate States to the Indians West of Arkansas.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, MO., S. G.,Bloomfield, Mo., August 1, 1861.

Major-General PILLOW,

Commanding the Army of Liberation, New Madrid, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: As soon as my monthly reports are received, and I issue my orders upon them, I hope to be able to leave my command for a few hours and be with you. Captain Billy West (whom you know) has just arrived from General Hardee's command, and informs me that Hardee marched yesterday for Greenville, and will reach that point to-morrow night. I will probably send my command to Buchanan or Lakeville to-morrow, and hope it will suit your pleasure to send a regiment to Benton or Hamburg. We hear that Fremont is expected at Cape Girardeau. Of course he will bring a large command, and our field will be too far from Saint Louis. I would, if I could advanced and lessen the circle around Saint Louis, for that is the "heart of the battle."

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

