
tion of all the men capable of bearing arms in anticipation of a further demand.

I have the honor to be, your excellency's obedient servant,

TANDY WALKER,

Adjutant-General Army Choctaw Nation.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY LIBERATION,New Madrid, Mo., August 1, 1861.

Major-General POLK, C. S. Army:

The enemy are exceedingly active in pushing his works at Bird's Point. The ninety-days troops all went home from Cairo. They are supplying their place by large additions of troops (I suppose new levies). They are cutting down all the timber around Bird's Point and pushing their defenses. A large force is concentrating at Cape Girardeau. My information induces the belief that they look for the attack at the Cape, and that is the point, and only one, which I can well advance upon. I have no news from Hardee; my messenger has not returned. It is, as you know, essential that I shall have a stronger force in hand before I advance into the interior. I must have the support of Hardee's force. There are few now left in this part of the State except the old men; they have gone down to join Bowen's regiment.

I have a prospect of drawing four companies from Kentucky. I before advised you that Thompson's brigade (Walker's) was about 2,000 strong and badly armed. I am pushing up the defenses at this place, having some 160 negroes at work on the work. I will be able, I think, to get 100 wagons and teams, but no wagons covers; they should be made with the bows at Memphis and sent forward as early as possible. Cheatham is on the way, having left Union City this morning. I am drilling the troops closely and fitting the command to march as early as possible.

I beg you to press Hardee to move and join me here. If he should not join me at this place, crossing the swamp on the plank road below here, we cannot unite our forces until I shall have passed Cape Girardeau, a point my force will not be able to move upon without additional force. The swamp is impassable all the way to Jackson, except on the plank road.

If Hardee should not join me, we cannot unite our forces before we reach Jackson. You will therefore see the necessity of giving me the support of Hardee's forces or supports from below. I have a good deal of sickness among the troops, some measles and diarrhea, and some fever, but not a great deal.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

GID. J. PILLOW,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY LIBERATION,New Madrid, August 2, 1861.

Major-General POLK:

I am in receipt of dispatches from General Hardee. He states that he was in receipt of telegraphic dispatches from General McCulloch. Hardee was about to advance with 3,000 men (leaving balance of his force, which he states less than 5,000, for want of transportation). He

