
manning the guns of the battery, and to request you to send Captain A. Jackson company to Fort Pillow to relieve Captain Hamilton's company and to order Captain Hamilton's company here.

Let him come forward as early as possible. If the regiments of Neely and Walker are ordered up and my transportation from Memphis is pushed up, I will throw forward my advance brigade on Wednesday next to Sikeston and follow the movements next day. Give me the additional force and I will make a stout and vigorous campaign. I sent up a force last night to destroy the railroad communication from Bird's Point to the interior, to protect the interior from the enemy's predatorial parties and continue him [to] the river strip.

Please push up my quartermaster's operations; I will need from Memphis 250 wagons, &amp;c.

With great respect,

GID. J. PILLOW,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, MO., S. G.,Bloomfield, Mo., August 3, 1861.

Brigadier-General HARDEE, Commanding Confederate Forces:

SIR: Your letter of yesterday, to General Thompson, was received to-day at 12 noon.* General Thompson left yesterday morning for New Madrid, and will not probably return until noon to-morrow. Having been left temporarily in command of the forces here, and knowing the character of the business which called him to New Madrid, it would not be prudent, under the circumstances, for me to move these forces, as requested in your letter. I believe that General Thompson will take pleasure in co-operating with you, and that he will avail himself of your invitation for a personal conference at an early day.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. TIPPEN.

NEW MADRID, MO., August 3, 1861.

Major-General POLK:

The bearer of this, Mr. Townsend, is just from our friends in Saint Louis. He will explain to you fully his mission and will give you information which it is proper you should have in regard to the strength and purposes of the enemy. I will be prepared to throw forward my advance column on Wednesday and to follow up the movement with the entire force at my disposal as rapidly as it can be advanced. My march to Cape Girardeau will be through getting water for my men and animals. I cannot more with safety to my force and in strength enough to do the work before me without the additional force asked for. It is probable that I will before reaching Cape Girardeau cut the enemy's line of water communication between the cape and Cairo by seizing Commerce and planting a battery there, and holding that place until I can cut up the force at the Cape. This I will do if I find the enemy have not concentrated before I reach Benton, provided I have force enough to detach a regiment and battery.

The views I expressed, and the necessity which prompted my last dispatch, are greatly strengthened by the information. Mr. Townsend brings. He left Saint Louis the day before yesterday morning. My

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

