
force is purposely exposed. I could go forward now with more safety than I can stay here. Remaining here with my present force but exposes the force without the promise of any result.

Your obedient servant,

GID. J. PILLOW,

General, Commanding.

NEW MADRID, MO., August 6, 1861.

General R. V. RICHARDSON, New Madrid, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: You will, as soon as possible, place the artillery which is in this district, belonging to the State of Missouri, or private property, upon an efficient footing and in good repair; and, as each piece is ready for the field, you will enlist, or I will detail, a sufficient number of men to manage it and put it in service. The State of Missouri is much in need of the guns. You will therefore take the authority that may be necessary to accomplish the object of the foregoing paragraph, and when the organization reaches a sufficient number (as contemplated by the law regulating our army), the men then can hold their elections. You may select such subordinates as will be necessary (until the election above referred to), subject to the approval of the general commanding or the governor. General Pillow will furnish the necessary ammunition and you can have cannon wagons fitted instead of caissons. Time is the most important item now in this war, and you will therefore act as promptly and speedily as possible. Your quartermaster will (under the division quartermaster) purchase or procure the necessary transportation, for teams, outfit, and subsistence. The expense you have therefore been at or incurred will be embodied in a report to the quartermaster up to August 1, and I will have arrangements made for systematic reports hereafter.

Yours, respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, MO. S. G.,Camp Buchanan, August 7, 1861-11.30 p.m.

Brigadier General W. J. HARDEE, Greenville, Mo.:

DEAR GENERAL: I had perfected my plans, and would have marched in the morning to accomplish the commission intrusted to me, but I have this moment received an order from my commander-in-chief, Governor C. F. Jackson, to march with my whole force to the support of General Pillow, who is threatened, as I informed you to-day, by General Fremont. I will have to march to Sikeston as fast as possible, and unless the demonstration which I made yesterday on Cape Girardeau with my dragoons may have answered the purpose, and I may meet another order leaving me again to carry out your plans, they will have to be suspended a little while. I have sent couriers after the persons whom I had sent to prepare the way for me to carry out the object by private enterprise, if possible, and report to you immediately if successful. The governor's dispatch peremptorily orders, so I must obey. Communication to Bloomfield will meet with dispatch.

Yours, truly,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

