
P. S.-I was requested to immediately notify you of this order, which may have some effect on your plans. I send you Reynolds' letter,* which you can return to me.
HEADQUARTERS,Greenville, Mo., August 7, 1861.

Major-General POLK,

Commanding Department Numbers 2, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I have received your communication of the 30th ultimo.* I have already informed you of my movement on this place and its object.

I inclose a copy of my communication to General Pillow on the subject of meeting with him at Benton, Mo. If contains fully my views on the subject of the military operations in Missouri. It will serve as a reply to that part of your letter relating to the same subject. I believe General Pillow ought not to attack Bird's Point or Cape Girardeau. I do not believe any object can be attained by it commensurate with the inevitable loss. The enemy, according to General Pillow's own account can bring 10,000 men at either point to oppose him, entrenched, I suppose.

I have been waiting further information from Ironton. The order I gave for burning the bridges and tearing up the railroad track has not been executed. I have had no information from Ironton for several days, though I have sought information from every source within my reach.

I inclose also copy of a letter to General Cooper# on the subject of the Arkansas troops which were accepted by Mr. G. P. Johnson on the part of the Confederate States, but which I declined, for reasons stated in that communication, to receive.

I inclose requisition for quartermaster stores, which you will please have forwarded without delay. I mentioned in a previous letter that I had made a requisition on you for 90 days' provisions for 7,000 men. I mention it again, but hope it has been filled long ago.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS,Greenville, Mo., August 7, 1861.

Major-General PILLOW, Commanding, New Madrid:

GENERAL: I have received your dispatch of the 5th instant,* and have given it most careful consideration. I agree in all you say respecting the necessity of uniting our forces. This has been my expectation from the beginning, and I thought it probable that we would unite at or near this point. This was the understanding when I last heard from you. It is impossible, for many reasons, to untie with you at Benton. I have, as I stated in a previous dispatch, only a small portion of my force with me. The remainder is at Pitman's Ferry. I could not, if I would, meet you at the time proposed; it is impossible. Besides, if I had my entire force here, it is doubtful if I would be justified in expos-

---------------

*Not found.

#Inclosure Numbers 1, Hardee to Rector, August 8, p. 637.

---------------

