
munitions, and supplies now (then) in the service of the State of Arkansas.

This contract has been examined,* and is approved by this Department.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS UPPER DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Greenville, Mo., August 8, 1861.

General POLK, Commanding Department Numbers 2, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: When I made out my last requisition for quartermaster stores, I had not with me a copy of the requisition previously made for similar articles. If in that first requisition I called for articles required in the second, you will oblige me by not having them sent. I allude now to hatchets, pickaxes, spades, shovels, and tents. I succeeded, after several days' delay, in securing the co-operation of General Jeff. Thompson, commanding the Missouri forces, in a movement on Ironton. He left me yesterday to perform his part of the enterprise, but last night received a dispatch from him stating that he had received a peremptory order from Governor Jackson to repair forthwith to New Madrid, to assist General Pillow, who was anticipating an attack from General Fremont. The railroad communication between Ironton and Saint Louis being still open, I do not feel authorized, with the small force under my command, to advance any farther. My cavalry are within 20 miles of Ironton, perhaps nearer. I shall fall back with the main force to a point about midway between this place and Pitman's Ferry. My advance will remain at this point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Brigadier-General.

GREENVILLE, MO., August 8, 1861.

Major-General POLK:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I desire to say that I should be glad to have the Arkansas troops, if I had authority to receive them, for twelve months; and if they were armed, I should be too happy to have you receive them, if you feel authorized to act, and turn them over to me. One regiment (Patterson's) is now at or near Pocahontas, with orders to report to me. Under no circumstances ought this regiment to be taken from that point. Colonel Johnson mentioned to me your telegraph to the military board asking for troops. You are vested with greater powers than I am and [can] act, which I hope you will do.

If we are to reinstate Missouri, we must have more troops, and move in large columns against the enemy.

Very truly, your friend,

W. J. HARDEE.
HEADQUARTERS UPPER DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Greenville, Mo., August 8, 1861.

Honorable H. M. RECTOR, President Military Board:

SIR: I inclose herewith a copy of a letter from me to the Adjutant-General C. S. Army, declining to receive the troops now in the service

---------------

*See Hardee to Cooper, July 17, p. 609; and Hardee to Rector, August 8, p. 636.

---------------

