
MEMPHIS, TENN., August 8, 1861.

Honorable E. C. CABELL:

DEAR SIR: Your dispatch communicating the welcome intelligence that the Confederate Congress had appropriated $1,000,000 for the defense of Missouri has been received. I hope to hear from you by letter to-day in detail in relation to it, and trust that arrangements will speedily be made by which it will be made available. I desire you to impress upon President Davis and his Cabinet the fact that the present military division of the territory contiguous to Missouri, south and west, is not such as to insure concert of action, nor calculated to fully meet the exigencies that may arise in conducting the campaign in Missouri. General Hardee and General McCulloch have each separate and distinct districts and commands, and Major-General Price has command of the Missouri forces. In carrying out the instructions of the President it may be proper, and indeed we expect and desire, the Confederate generals on our border to come into the State. Circumstances may require that these three distinct commands should be united, or that they should act in concert, though separately, for the accomplishment of a common object. As affairs now stand, though I do not specially apprehend it, it is possible there may be some distraction in counsel, jealousy of command, and consequent inefficiency and inaction. It has occurred to me that if President Davis would appoint a major-general for all that district of country lying west of General Polk's district, and if he could go into Missouri accompanied by me, I could require and compel by my orders as complete co-operation on the part of the State troops as if they had been transferred to the Confederate service and were under his command. Thus all military operations would be completely under the control of one head.

I issued on the 5th day of August a declaration of independence, a copy of which I inclose.

I trust and feel that you will, as heretofore, use every endeavor for such action on the part of the Confederate States as will render our independence permanent.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. F. JACKSON.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Little Rock, Ark., August 9, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: In accordance with your requisition of June 30, I have issued a proclamation for 3,000 men-infantry. The two companies of cavalry are in camp here, and, as per telegram received to-day, they will report themselves to General Hardee at once.

Respectfully,

H. M. RECTOR,

Governor of Arkansas.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF LIBERATION,New Madrid, August 9, 1861.

[General POLK:]

GENERAL: Colonel Johnson, the authorized agent of the Confederate States Government, has received of the military authorities of Arkansas eight or ten regiments of troops. I understand from Colonel Johnson

