
surgeons for this duty; went to the various camps, except Colonel Sigel's, and saw that all possible preparation was made. At 1.30 o'clock I went to Colonel Sigel's camp and found his wagons not loaded, his me apparently making preparations to cook their breakfast, and no preparations to march. I could find no officer to execute my commands nor any one to pay the slightest heed to what I said. I rode at once to Colonel Sigel's quarters, arriving there at 2 o'clock, and found him asleep in bed. I aroused him, told him the hour for marching had arrived, and that all were ready except his brigade. I urged upon him the importance of marching at once if at all. He said, "Yes; I will move at once." I started the train immediately, and sent the Iowa regiment ahead, directing it to halt about a mile from town. In this condition the column was delayed more than two hours for Colonel Sigel's brigade, so that the rear guard could not leave town till about 6 o'clock.

During the first three days of our retreat the same order of march was preserved, the same troops doing the fatiguing duties of rear guard, in spite of my remonstrances. Although we made daily marches of only ordinary length, long halts were made in the middle of the day, so that while the advance guard would reach camp at night early enough to obtain and cook provisions, the rear guard would be in road till long after dark, and in the inextricable confusion resulting from the attempt to encamp a large force with an immense train in an extremely rough and wooded country in a dark night, many would abandon as hopeless the attempt to find their wagons and get them in position, and lie down without food. Many of our men were compelled to go twenty-four hours without a morsel, and some much longer.

On the morning of the third day the whole column was detained three hours for Colonel Sigel's brigade to have beef killed and cooked for breakfast, the remainder of the command having made their breakfast upon such as they had, and, with the exception of the Iowa Regiment, marched 6 miles before the killing of beef for Colonel Sigel's breakfast commenced.

By this time the clamor for relief became such that almost total anarchy reigned in the command. At length, after numerous entreaties from officers of the command, Major Sturgis resumed command of the army, giving as his reason for so doing, that, although Colonel Sigel had been for a long time acting as an officer of the army, he had no appointment from any competent authority.

Upon this change of command I was relieved from the duties of adjutant-general, and took command of my regiment, then without a field officer, and much in need of my care. My functions as acting adjutant-general of this command therefore ceased on the 14th instant.

Respectfully submitted.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major, First Reg. Mo. Vols., late A. A. G., Army of the West.

Numbers 4. Report of Major S. D. Sturgis, First U. S. Cavalry.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE WEST, CAMP CARRY CRATZ,Near Rolla, Mo., August 20, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the battle of Springfield, fought on the 10th instant, at Wilson's Creek, some 10

