
which you speak, viz, 200 covered wagons. I can go forward without difficulty. I am in possession of information that Fremont is much perplexed to know what to do. My position threatens him on the south and on the river, while the advance of McCulloch and Hardee threaten Saint Louis, and he is running his troops up and down the river. He does not know what to do or which way to turn. Your order to fall back casts a deep gloom over this army, and caused me the most anxious and painful day I ever experienced, but still I promptly complied with it, as you have seen from my movements. I send down Captain W. H. Jackson, who is a most accomplished officer and full of energy, and wish you to let him bring forward to me as promptly as possible the field battery at Randolph, with the rifled cannon. It is not needed there; and the company you will send, from the inclosed dispatch from Major Stewart, is without officers. If you could, in addition, spare me one other regiment, Walker's or Neely's-the latter preferred, because it is entirely composed of Americans, the former by Irish-I will give you a good account of the campaign. Do let me have Neely's. The enemy above will have neither time nor force to think of a descent on the river. We will expel him from and he will contend hard for the prize. If I were not perfectly satisfied you were all safe down south, I could not be induced to ask any force to [be] brought away, for my large interest is all below, as you know. Let me have the regiment, and if I fail anywhere all the responsibility shall rest on myself. I want more ammunition for my 6-pounder guns and the metallic fuse of my 8-inch howitzer. Please have them moved up. I send down six of my 30-pounder guns to Fort Pillow, as you direct. I will write you again in a few days.

Yours, truly,

GID. J. PILLOW,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, MO. S. G.,Camp Whitewater, Mo., August 11, 1861.

Brigadier General GIDEON J. PILLOW, C. S. A., New Madrid, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: The communication from Governor Jackson, dated the 8th, informing me of your order, was received a few moments ago; also a letter from Governor Reynolds, of yesterday, ordering me to report to General Hardee. I cannot move until to-morrow, and will then depend upon the letter I get from you. If Captain Luke Byrne reaches you with this, you can send me a message with the most perfect confidence. I cannot write more, as I distinctly hear the report of the large guns. Had I not received the letter this morning, I would cross the river at once and go to the fight, wherever it is.

Yours, respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAMP WHITEWATER, MO., August 11, 1861.

Colonel JAMES A. WALKER,

1st Regiment, 1st Dist., Mo. S. G., New Madrid, Mo.:

SIR: I hear you have been ordered by the governor to retreat across the plank road and join Hardee. Report to me as soon as you cross the road and are safe from pursuit and await my orders, as I will either

