
the wires. We have heard also from Virginia that Lee has met and defeated Rosecrans, and taken almost the whole of his command prisoners. It is believe to be true.

I shall, as soon as I can, concentrate a large force at Numbers 10, as well for the purpose of strengthening it as for the purpose of its forming a reserve for operations on Missouri, but I cannot say how soon; you shall be advised when this is done. Let me hear from you often. I shall keep a small steamer to ply between the post at Numbers 10 and the end of the wires at Randolph, passing this post. These wires shall be extended to this post as soon as possible; also from Union City to Numbers 10.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF LIBERATION,New Madrid, August 17, 1861.

[General POLK:]

GENERAL: I send down the New Falls City to get some supplies for this army. We have only rations of bacon for two or three days. My outposts and scouts report that the enemy have drawn in all the working parties on the railroad and keep out no pickets at Bird's Point. We have driven the enemy from Benton and Hamburg and into Cape Girardeau. I am ready to advance if I had my transportation. I telegraphed you from Hickamn to-day. Let me have the Hill as early as possible. I can pass on the direct route to the Cape. [Illegible] of Fremont's have been drawn up to Saint Louis except the garrison, as stated to you yesterday. Colonel McCown and Captain Gray are engaged in a reconnaissance of Island Numbers 10. Please send back the boats at once.

GID. J. PILLOW,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, MO. S. G.,Camp Sikeston, Mo., August 17, 1861-8 a. m.

Brigadier General GIDEON J. PILLOW, C. S. A., New Madrid, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: I have waited anxiously for the order, but as none has arrived, I have acted upon the circumstances which surround me, and have made the following disposition for this day: My First and Third Regiments are ordered to encamp at Jones' Ford (about 800 men); the Mississippi cavalry, Neely's Tennesseeans, and two companies of dragoons are at Watkins' farm (325); the Scott County Battalion are ordered to occupy the church or fort at Hamburg; Brown's battalion is ordered to Benton (250); Haywood's rangers and Prince's dragoons (125) will vedette Bird's Point. Hunter and Jennings, with four full companies, will remain here (300); also Burns', Flunkies;, and Partizan's (about 200). In all, 500. If your permission to move comes, I will move my headquarters to Benton. The Cape must be taken by surprise, to prevent the removal of the specie from the banks. If you will send me a few more companies of dragoons I will take it to-morrow, probably by capitulation, and by storm anyhow.

Yours, &amp;c.,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

