
Major Miller stood the fatigue very well, and his officers and men are gallant gentlemen and brave soldiers. I will now try to remain perfectly quiet until re-enforced and ordered.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAMP BENTON, MO., August 19, 1861-6 p. m.

Colonel MCCOWN,

Commanding Brigade, Camp Sikeston, Mo.:

DEAR COLONEL: Yours, containing the welcome accounts of your advance, is at hand. Unless you really can divert, and really take Bird's Point, which I believe can be done, please hurry on up the this point, at the enemy may find out my weakness while my men are scattered, and come out to give me a battle. I took commerce last night, and have stopped the navigation of the Missouri, by firing three strapped shots and one canister, from and old iron 6-pounder, over into Illinois. I left Commerce at 10 o'clock to-day, but no boats have passed since, and when you come up we will close navigation effectually. I will try to make the necessary preparations for you in the way of forage, &amp;c. Hoping to see you shortly, I will conclude by assuming you again of a hearty welcome.

Yours, truly,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Greenville, Mo., August 20, 1861.

Major General L. POLK, Commanding, &c., Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I sent Colonel Borland to-day to confer with General Pillow respecting our future operations. In the event of disagreement, I suggested that reference should be had to you. Colonel Borland is in possession of my views and is well acquainted with the resources of this part of Missouri. I wish, indeed, that you could see him. I do not see much prospect at present for striking a blow. The Ironton Railroad is still intact and Ironton itself largely re-enforced. I apprehend that if Pillow should unite his forces with mine, that we are too wake, combined, to march on Saint Louis. I am ready an anxious to attempt anything which may afford the prospect of success. I learn that one of the boars loaded with provisions has reached Pocahontas. I desire to express my acknowledgment for the cordial assistance you have in all cases extended to my command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,New Madrid, August 20, 1861.

Major-General POLK:

GENERAL: I send you inclose da communication from Moore,* the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

