
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Park Hill, August 24, 1861.

Brigadier General Ben. MCCULLOCH, Commanding C. S. Army:

SIR: We have the honor to forward you the inclosed copy of the proceedings of a general meeting of the Cherokee people, held at Tahlequah, C. N., August 21, 1861. From those proceedings you will see that the thanks of the Cherokee people are tendered to you for the respect you have shown to the neutral position they have heretofore occupied, and that we are authorized to form an alliance with the Confederate States, which we are determined to do as early as practicable. This determination may give rise to movements against the Cherokee people upon their northern border. To be prepared for any such emergency, we have deemed it prudent to proceed to organize a regiment of mounted men and tender them for service. They will be raised forthwith by Colonel John Drew, and if received by your will require to be armed. Having abandoned our neutrality and espoused the cause of the Confederate States, we are ready and willing to do all in our power to advance and sustain it.

We have the honor to be, sir, your obedient, humble servant,

JOHN ROSS,

Principal Chief.

J. VANN,

Assistant Chief.

JAMES BROWN,

JOHN DREW,

WILL. P. ROSS,

Executive Committee.

[Inclosure.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Tahlequah, August 21, 1861.

A general meeting of the Cherokee people was held at Tahlequah on Wednesday, the 21st day of August, 1861. It was called by the executive of the Cherokee Nation for the purpose of giving the Cherokee people an opportunity to express their opinions in relation to subjects of deep interest to themselves as individuals and as a nation. The number of persons in attendance, almost exclusively adult males, was about 4,000, whose deportment was characterized by good order and propriety, and the expression of whose opinions and feelings was frank, cordial, and of marked unanimity.

At the appointed time the people met around the speakers' stand in the public square, when John Ross, principal Chief, delivered the following address, which was interpreted by Mr. Alexander Foreman:

FRIENDS AND FELLOW-CITIZENS: It affords me great pleasure to see so many of you on the present occasion. The invitation to yo to meet here went from the executive department, in compliance with the wishes of many citizens who desired to make stronger the cords that bind us together and to advance the common welfare. The circumstances under which you have assembled are full of import. You have precious rights at stake, and your posterity, it may be, will be affected by the sentiments you may express. You need not be told that evil times have befallen the great Government with which we have been connected. Rent by dissensions, its component parts stand in hostile array. They have marshaled powerful armies, who have already engaged in deadly conflicts. The Unite States claim to contend for the integrity of their Government;

43 R R-VOL III

