
I thought good ones. We needed the additional lieutenants of artillery for on large artillery force, and we can get nothing from Richmond. I therefore, believing the appointments valid, approved them, and I still think we had better let them pass without question. The appointments are all as go as can be had in the Army; the appointees are young gentlemen of talent and high promise, and taken from the line of lieutenants in the Army, I believe.

I would be glad to have your conclusion and instructions in regard to this whole dispatch, the length of which I would be glad to curtail, but which, in justice to the whole subject, cannot be done.

I have just received the inclosed dispatch, a copy of which I send you. This looks as if he was going to make the attempt. He will not make the attempt, however, before he receives mine; then I shall have his reply and collusion. Hardee has no heavy artillery, and if you think he should come over upon the river, he could fall back upon Black River and cross over to the plank road, and bring all light and with but little baggage. That road might be so rapiered as to enable him to cross and reach this place. With his left resting at the head of the swamp and where they cross the ridge, where mine now is ordered, and that point fortified, his position could not be turned except by passing over the very country which he finds impracticable. His right on the river here, and that fortified; the line crossing the river at Island Numbers 10, with your works there; you force with its left at those works and your right on Union City. These lines sustained, hold the enemy's only approach down the river or on either side, and for defensive purpose a line could not be chosen shorter or better capable of defense within so close proximity of the enemy's front. The road Benton to Bloomfield crosses the Nigger Wool Swamp, which no well-appointed army can pass over now.

I shall take no action until I hear from you, unless I get intelligence that Hardee is actually on the advance.

Respectfully, yours,

GID. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS,Greeinville, August 23, 1861.

General PILLOW:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I have received another dispatch from you dated the 20th. I am anxiously awaiting the return of Colonel Borland. Whatever is determined on I shall endeavor to accomplish. I need not again repeat that I have neither transportation nor provisions to enable me to move. I will do all in my power to got up both. Some of my wagons have reached me, others are on the way, and one boat with provisions has reached Pocahontas.

I have been unwell, but am better. I take it for granted that you will not now turn back, and that we will make a junction here or at Federicktown. I have sent another party to break up the Ironton Railroad; but to make sure of it, as soon as you are safe from Cape Girardeau, I would suggest the propriety of detailing General Jeff. Thompson for that purpose.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Brigadier-General.

