HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, MO. S. G.,Camp Benton, Mo., August 25, 1861-6 a. m.

Brigadier General GIDEON J. PILLOW,

Commanding Army of Liberation, New Madrid, Mo., or en route:

DEAR GENERAL: I was sick in bed when your letter of yesterday* was received, but I was so encouraged by it that I am at my post, in full vigor, this morning. I hope to have the pleasure of seeing you to-night, as your presence in the front is necessary to keep your own men in spirits, as well, or more so, than mine. I will get my men in handling order to-night, so that any plan which may be determined upon can at once be carried out. I am informed that the men I had with Hardee (from twelve to fifteen hundred), when ordered to return to Greenville, left him, and are now at Dallas, on the way to join me. I will send out to them, and place them in a position to assist in the attack on the Cape, which will give the impression that Hardee's whole force is with them.

Hoping to have the pleasure of seeing you shortly, I am, yours most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAMP BENTON, MO., August 25, 1861-6 a. m.

Colonel ADEN LOWE,

Commanding Missouri State Guard, en route:

DEAR COLONEL: I heard, from rumor, that you are on the way to join us, and that you are near Dallas. I hardly know whether to say I am glad to hear it or not, for, although I am very anxious to have you with me, yet I would not have you displease General Hardee or disobey orders. If you are near Dallas, as reported, and have not received some orders from Hardee, you must turn to the left, and go to the point called Gravel Road, or to where the gravel road crosses Whitewater, and report to me every morning after your pickets comes in. My pickets are within six miles of the Cape all the time, and you can probably keep yours at Jackson. I will make a forward movement to-morrow, and will probably bring my whole force to join you, and make a demonstration from your direction. I have 4,000 Confederate troops with me, and the whole line will be up to-day or to-morrow. Be vigilant; let no man, friend or foe, pass from your lines into or from the Cape, and, when in position, let me hear from you as often as necessary.

Yours, truly,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAMP BENTON, MO., August 25, 1861-1 p. m.

Brigadier General W. J. HARDE, C. S. A., Greenville, Mo.:

DEAR GENERAL: I have taken the liberty to open the accompanying letter from General Pillow to yourself, believing it to be allowed by military courtesy. I am really rived to know his conclusions, after

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

