
While this Department acknowledges fully the obligation of this stipulation, it is nevertheless of opinion that the existence of two distinct departments, both engaged in the same operations, will lead necessarily to confusion and additional expense, and thus to the injury of the service.

This Department therefore desires that the immediate agents of the Government, in its own Quartermaster Department, shall take charge of all transportation thus provided for, so that there may be henceforth but one organization engaged in this work, and that directly responsible to this Government. The Department assures your excellency of the ability and willingness of the Confederate Government to provide satisfactorily for the Arkansas troops in this respect in such manner that no loss shall accrue to them thereby.

Your excellency is therefore informed that the Quartermaster's Department of the Confederate Government has been directed to make all necessary arrangements for the transportation of the Arkansas troops, with authority to make such purchases of means of transportation, &amp;c., now in the possession of the State of Arkansas, as may be deemed necessary and expedient . Such expenses as have been actually incurred under the stipulation above referred to by the State of Arkansas will of course be paid for by this Government according to the terms therein agreed.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, August 31, 1861.

Gov. H. M. RECTOR, Little Rock, Ark.:

If to prevent the disbanding of the troops it be necessary to send them to McCulloch, let them go to him.

L. P. WALKER.

FAYETTEVILLE, ARK., August 31,

(via Little Rock, September 2, 1861.)

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

The Arkansas troops are all mustered out of service. But 20 men remain. The arms and other stores ought to be turned over to me, and not taken to Pacohontas. Without these arms this country will be in a defenseless condition. Other men should be raised at once and these arms put in their hands, or we will not be ready to meet the enemy. There are 3,000 stand of small-arms and ten pieces of artillery. The Cherokees have joined the South, and offered me a regiment. They and other Indian forces need arms. My command, 3,000 strong, will soon be near the southwest corner of Missouri. An expressman awaits your reply in Little Rock.

BEN. MCCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General.

44 R R-VOL III

