
to General Hardee are at this place, near 3,000 in number. They ought by all means to be left out here, and placed at the disposal of the officers in charge of this country and the Indiana Territory. there is not a single company in my command armed with the minie musket or rifle. There are among these arms 1,000 of these muskets, and other arms far superior to this eon the hands of my men. The artillery ought to be placed in good condition, and also allowed to remain in this section, as we may have to meet the enemy on the prairies or plains this fall. My reason for urging the Department to let these arms remain in this section is the fact of its being impossible to get other share this fall, owing to the condition of the Arkansas river at this season of the year, whilst they can be conveyed at any time to Pocahontas. All the arms and army stores in this region ought to be under the control of the officer in command of this quarter; and at the same time it would be well to attach to his command that portion of Arkansas which includes the road from Springfield to Fort Smith, which is know as the Telegraph road. This country is too far from Pocahontas to be under the charge of the officer in command at that point, and is one of the routes the enemy will attempt to force should they ever attempt an invasion of this State.

I shall immediately have raised tow companies of artillery for service during the war in addition to the one from Texas, as we will greatly need them on the prairies this fall. I hope this course will meet your approbation.

I would also ask you to keep in service such men as I have been compelled to employ and muster into the service for twelve months.

You will see by the documents inclosed that the Cherokees have at last joined the South, and offered our Government a regiment. this, no doubt, was brought, was brought about by the battle of Oak Hills. I have, previous to this time, employed some of the Cherokees, under Colonel Stand Watie, to assist me in protecting the northern borders of the Cherokees from the inroads of the jayhawkers of Kansas. This they have effectually done, and at this time are on the Cherokee neutral lands in Kansas. Colonel Stand Watie belong so the true Southern party, composed mostly of mixed bloods, and opposed to John Ross, and by whose course and influence Ross was induced to join the South. I hope our Government will continue this gallant man and true friend of our country in service, and attach him and his men (some 300) to my command. It might e well to give him a battalion separate from the Cherokee regiment under Colonel Drew. Colonel Drew's regiment will be mostly composed of full-bloods, whilst those with Colonel Stand Watie will be half-breeds, who are educated men, and good soldiers anywhere, in or out of the Nation. Having been left without instructions in many particulars, I have pursued the course I thought most beneficial to my country.

Hoping these acts will beet with your approval, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

BEN. MCCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Colonel Hindman informs me there are not more than 1,500 guns at this point turned over to him. Some of the men hold their arms until the State pays them for their services.

