
his energy and industry seemed inexhaustible. To the important services rendered by him I beg to call the attention of the commanding general.

The services od Captain Totten are so emphatically interwoven with the various operations of the day as to appear in many, if not all the subreports, and his name deserves to become a "household word."

Lieutenant Sokalski also deserves great credit for the energy with which he managed the pieces of his section.

I cannot speak in too high praise of the coolness and accuracy with which Lieutenant Du Bois handled his guns, and of the valuable services he rendered throughout the entire conflict.

The following named officers came under my personal observation during the day, and deserve especial mention for the zeal and courage they displayed, although it would prolong this report to too great a length if I should particularize in each individual case: Lieutenant Conrad, Second Infantry, A. C. S. to General Lyon (wounded); Major Wherry, volunteer aide-de-camp to General Lyon; Major Shephard, volunteer aide-de-camp to General Lyon; Mr. E. Cozzens, volunteer aide-de-camp to myself.

General Sweeny, inspector-general. This gallant officer was especially distinguished by his zeal in rallying broken fragment of various regiment (even after receiving a severe wounded in the keg), and leading them into the hottest of the fight.

Assistant Surgeon Sprague, medical department, attended the wounded with as much self-possession as though no battle was raging around him.

Surgeon Corny, First Missouri Volunteers, not only took charge of the wounded as they were brought to him, but found time to use a musket with good effect from time to time against the enemy.

Colonel Deitzler, First Kansas. He led his regiment into a galling fire as coolly and as handsomely as if on drill. He was wounded twice.

Major Halderman, First Kansas. Early in the action he led four companies of his regiment (which had been held in reserve) gallantly, cheering them on with the cry of "Forward, men, for Kansas and the old flag!"

Colonel Mitchell, of the Second Kansas. He fell severely wounded in the thickets of the fight, and, as was carried from the field, he met a member of my staff, and called out, "For God's sake, support my regiment."

Lieutenant-Colonel Blair, Second Kansas. This excellent soldier took command of the regiment when Colonel Mitchell was wounded, and under a most deadly fire from the enemy rode along the front of his line, encouraging him men, to the great admiration of all who saw him.

Major Cloud, Second Kansas; Lieutenant-Colonel Andrews, First Missouri; Lieutenant-Colonel Merritt, First Iowa; Major Porter, First Iowa; Captain Herron, First Iowa.

The gallantry of the following officers was conspicuous from the beginning to the close of the battle:

Captain Plummer, First Infantry; Captain Gilbert, First Infantry; Captain Huston, First Infantry; Lieutenant Wood, First Infantry; captain Steele, Second Infantry; Lieutenant Lothrop, Fourth Artillery; Lieutenant canfield, First cavalry.

Here would I gladly close and draw the vail of silence, and had a report of the operations of the column under Colonel Sigel been received, I would have permitted it to explain itself without comment. But none

