
for three mounted regiments. Sufficient and ample grounds should be chosen for the camp, so as to give full and adequate room for drilling purposes. These regiments will be included under one camp guard, daily detailed from the whole, and it is required that particular attention be paid to guard duties and instructions to sentinels. Every means will be employed to keep the horses of each regiment well shod. Proper and active vigilance will ever be maintained, and the necessary means adopted ot prevent an enemy surprising his camp or destroying property of neighboring citizens. Should deserted farms be found in the vicinity of his encampment, he will take charge of them for the use of his command. All the protection possible will be rendered and given to our secession friends.

Should Colonel Greer hear of any bands of jayhawkers in his vicinity, he will pursue and chastise them severely, taking precaution not to endanger his command by continuing pursuit beyond proper discretion. Scouting parties will be kept thrown out in the direction of Kansas and Fort Scott. Colonel Churchill will be ordered to report in a few days. Colonel Embry's regiment will be ordered to stop at Neosho, to whom you will [give] necessary orders regarding camping, &amp;c.

By order of General McCulloch:

W. R. BRADFUTE,

Captain, C. S. Army, and Act. Adjt. General of Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE GUARD,Camp Wallace, near Lexington, September 13, 1861.

Brigadier General THOMAS A. HARRIS,

Commanding Second Militia District:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Price to direct you to move your command forward as rapidly as possible, night and day, until you reach these headquarters. To do this the more expeditiously, he instructs you to leave your heavy baggage under a small but sufficient escort, to be brought forward more slowly.

You will communicate this order to all other commanding officers of the State Guard near you, so that they may obey it; but you will not permit this to delay the movement of your division in the least.

I am, with the greatest respect, yours, very sincerely,

THOMAS L. SNEAD,

Acting Adjutant-General Army in the Field.

P. S.-You will of course bring forward your artillery, if you have any, and all of your ammunition.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, MO. S. G.

Camp Belmont, Mo., September 15, 1861-3 p. m.

Brigadier General GIDEON J. PILLOW, C. S. A., Columbus, Ky.:

DEAR SIR: I here with inclose a copy of Special Orders, Numbers 141, from the Secretary of War of the Confederate States, sent to the governor of Missouri, informing him that Major-General Leonidas Polk has charge of all military operations in the State of Missouri,* and I have been notified that it will be my duty to report hereafter directly to

---------------

*See September 2, p. 691.

---------------

