
General Polk. I therefore inform you that I will hereafter, in pursuance of said notice, report to General Polk; but at the same time allow me to hop our friendly relations and business connections will continue on as good terms as heretofore.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS UPPER DISTRICT ARKANSAS,Pitman's Ferry, September 17, 1861.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK,

Commanding Department Numbers 2, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your dispatches of the 14th instant came to hand within the last two hours.*

The order from the War Department to which you refer, placing the military operations in Arkansas and Missouri under your control, has not been received. I shall, not, however, on that account raise any objection to your authority, but will comply cheerfully with your orders to move my command to the Mississippi River.

I have already given Colonel Cleburne orders to move with his regiment as soon as practicable and repair the Point Pleasant plank road. I agree with you that this route, if practicable, which I shall soon ascertain, is the shortest and easiest by which I can place my command in supporting distance of your force.

I am much embarrassed by the number of sick. The morning report shows 900 sick in a command of 4,529 present. This number does not include that part of my command at Pocahontas, numbering about 1,100 men. I take for granted you do not intend that I shall take my entire force from this place, but that I shall leave a force sufficient to protect my hospital and supplies.

As soon as the plank road is repaired, I shall transport my command to Point Pleasant with the least practicable delay. I will write again in time to have supplies sent to meet my command at that point.

With high respect, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Brigadier-General.

As your messenger was so long in coming to me, I shall send this by Pocahontas and Memphis, with the hope that it will reach you within three days.
HEADQUARTERS UPPER DISTRICT ARKANSAS,Pitman's Ferry, September 18, 1861.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK,

Commanding Department Numbers 2, Columbus, Ky.:

GENERAL: I send herewith a copy of my communication to you last night, and sent by express from Pocahontas to Memphis. I shall send this by courier direct to Columbus, Ky.

I have nothing to add, except that I shall bring you about 4,000 men, including all arms. I have twelve pieces of artillery in tolerable condition. The greater portion of my cavalry I shall feel compelled to leave

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

