
here, and one regiment of infantry, not yet organized, for the protection of the hospital supplies and the inhabitants in this part of the State. Colonel Wirt Adams, of Mississippi, wrote me that he had orders to join my command, and as I shall be deficient in cavalry, I wish you would telegraph him to bring forward his regiment without delay and re-enforce me. One of my regiments of infantry has just been organized, the others are improving in their drill, and are able even now to get from one position to another with tolerable facility.

With high respect, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS UPPER DISTRICT ARKANSAS,Pitman's Ferry, September 18, 1861.

Major General A. S. JOHNSTON,

Commanding Department Numbers 2, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I received information to-day through the papers that you had been assigned to the command of Department Numbers 2, which I may be permitted to say, without disrespect to your predecessor, gave me great pleasure. I deem it proper to inform you at once, and without waiting for your order assuming command, that I received last night an order from Major-General Polk, directing me to move my command to the Mississippi River. A copy of my reply is herewith inclosed.* The route indicated to me by Major-General Polk is by the way of the Point Pleasant plank road, which is the shortest route for me to take in order to join your command in Kentucky by many miles, but at present this route is impracticable for cannon. I shall start Colonel Cleburne with his regiment in the morning to put the road in thorough repair. In the mean time I shall get my wagons repaired, my mules shod, and every-thing in readiness for a forward movement. After leaving a sufficient force here and at Pocahontas to guard our hospitals and supplies, I hope to be able to join you with 4,000 effective men.

With high respect, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Brigadier-General.

REDAN FORT, CAMP POLK, ISLAND Numbers 10,

Thursday, September 18, 1861.

Captain E. D. BLAKE,

A. A. A. G., Dep't Numbers 2, C. S. Army, Mississippi Valley:

CAPTAIN: It becomes my duty to report to you that the progress of our work has been so retarded by circumstances over which I have no control, that in my judgment any further drawback may cause us to lose, should certain contingencies happen, one of the finest strategic positions for the defence of the Mississippi Valley. The multiplicity of matters surrounding you at Columbus has caused this point, I am afraid, to become of much less consideration than it really deserves.

I am now fully convinced that Island Numbers 10, with its connections properly fortified, would offer the greatest resistance to a combined water and land attack of the enemy, while at the same moment he

---------------

*See Hardee to Polk, September 17, p. 702.

---------------

