
mation, so may one or a dozen other officers do likewise, destroying all harmony of action, and putting aside State authority entirely. Again, an economy of men henceforth will be as important as that of money. Illy-advised calls, appealing strenuously to the people of particular sections of this State which have sent but few men to the field; others, by applying constant stimulants, have already turned out an overdue proportion. Of these facts Confederate generals can know nothing, whilst the right and knowledge for discrimination rest exclusively with the authorities of the States, and cannot be so well lodged anywhere else.

On a former occasion, July ---, General McCulloch issued a proclamation calling for the entire military force of the State, evidently with the most laudable purposes, which met with approval from the necessity of the case, not deeming it probable that an isolated act would ripen into settled practice. I though it unnecessary to call attention to it at Richmond, unless supervenient facts determined that that call was assumed to have been made by an exercise of rightful authority, which now seems to be apparent. There are other persons and officers of the confederate Government of lesser rank then General McCulloch who, claiming to act by direction of your Government, are issuing addresses and proclamations, calling for troops from Arkansas, all which perplex and distract the minds and loyal purposes of the people, and are highly determinental to the public service and offensive to the rights and dignity of this Government. In view of al which, I beg leave most sincerely and respectfully to request that henceforward all demands which it may be though proper to make upon this State for troops for Confederate service may be addressed to the proper authorities thereof, land that the military officers placed upon our frontiers be advised of the propriety in future of addressing themselves to such authorities in the procurement of troops needed for the Confederate Army.

Very respectfully,

H. M. RECTOR,

Governor of Arkansas.

N. B.-A copy of this communication is sent to General McCulloch.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT,Camp Belmont, Mo., September 30, 1861.

Lieutenant Gov. T. C. REYNOLDS, Columbus, Ky.:

DEAR SIR: As I am ordered to march upon a line where I will not be in constant and direct communication with you, and as my quartermaster's accounts will have to be settled regularly, you will please consider the horses and transportation delivered to you by my quartermaster as under you especial charge, and you will account for the riding horses as your private property (as all the officers do), and the wagon horses and ambulances will be reported in your settlement with the military authorities of the State, as other public property is when used on detached service.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

