
out my former instructions. This was the death-blow to my command. I got Colonel Hindman to address the troops several times, and did myself all I could by orders and appeals to induce the mean to enter the Confederate service; but the course unfortunately adopted by the board placed affairs beyond my control. I should have mentioned before that all my troops were mustered into the State service, subject to be transferred to the Confederate service for the balance of their unexpired term of enlistment. The troops were all willing to be transferred, and not a dissent would have been made had the transfer been made by order, without referring it to the men. They were already virtually in the Confederate service. They had been in the Army from two to five months, and had never received any pay or clothing, and when the board said they could honorably leave the service, and left it to their choice, being naked and barefooted, the natural impulse to each individual was, "I must go home." They said to our appeals: "We are as good Southern men as any persons. We have fought the enemy and driven him away. We are needy and will go home, and when another call is made, we will have clothes and shoes, and will again do battle for the South," and despite all persuasion and appeals, this unfortunate decision could not be overcome.

On the 2nd of September the board issued an order to me to refrain. This order was received by me about the 10th, some forty days after the first orders was issued. The troops had all disbanded long before.

These are the facts. I did all in my power to save the troops, but without success.

Respectfully,

N. B. PEARCE.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, Ky., October 10, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I feel constrained to urge upon you the necessity of at once furnishing me an officer familiar with the subject of submarine batteries and capable of a practicable application of this spices of defense to the Mississippi River.

I have had some correspondence with Lieutenant M. F. Maury in relation to this matter, and while it would be personally gratifying to me, I think the public good would be greatly prompted by his being ordered to report for duty to these headquarters.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, Ky., October 10, 1861.

Honorable S. R. MALLORY, Secretary of the Navy:

Under the pressing emergencies of the service on this river I ordered the alteration and arming of a steamer that was build very staunch to serve as a gunboat. This boat, of which I have written you, is being altered an armed under the direction of Lieutenant Carter, who by your order has been allowed to remain with me and complete it. It

