
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., WESTERN DEP'T. Numbers 13. Columbus, Ky., October 24, 1861.

The following will hereafter, and until further orders, be the organization of this command:

The First Division will be under the command of Brigadier-General Pillow, and will be composed as follows:

The First Brigade, First Division, commanded by Colonel J. K. Walker, will be composed of the regiments of Cols. J. K. Walker, C. M. Carroll, and John V. Wright. Captain M. T. Polk's battery of artillery will compose a part of the First Brigade, First Division.

The Second Brigade, First Division, commanded by Colonel R. M. Russell, E. Pickett, and T. J. Freeman. Captain W. H. Jackson's battery of artillery will compose a part of the Second Brigade, First Division.

The Second Division will be commanded by Brigadier General B. F. Cheatham, and will be composed as follows:

The First Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Colonel Preston Smith, will be composed of the regiment of Colonel Preston Smith and the battalion of Lieutenant-Colonel Blythe. Captain Hudson's battery of artillery will compose a part of the First Brigade, Second Division.

The Second Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Colonel W. H. Stephens, will be composed of the regiments of Cols. W. H. Stephens and H. S. Douglass. Captain M. Smith's battery of artillery will compose a part of the Second Brigade, Second Division.

The Third Division will be commanded by Brigadier General J. P. McCown, and will be composed as follows:

The First Brigade, Third Division, commanded by Colonel S. F. Marks, will be composed of the regiments of Colonel S. F. Marks, and Lieutenant-Colonel Kennedy's battalion Jackson regiment. Captain S. P. Bankhead's battery of artillery will compose a part of the First Brigade, Third Division.

The Second Brigade, Third Division, commanded by Colonel R. P. Neely, will be composed of the regiments of Cols. R. P. Neely and T. M. Scott. Captain R. A. Stewart's battery of artillery will compose a part of the Second Brigade, Third Division.

The Fourth Division, commanded Colonel John S. Bowen, will be composed as follows:

The First Brigade, Fourth Division, commanded by Colonel John D. Martin, will be composed of the regiments of Cols. John D. Martin and John S. Bowen. Captain Daniel Beltzhoover's battery of artillery will compose a part of the First Brigade, Fourty Division.

The Second Brigade, Fourth Division, commanded by Colonel D. W. C. Bonham, will be composed of the regiments of Cols. D. W. C. Bonham and Thomas D. Merrick. Captain W. O. Williams' battery will compose a part of the Second Brigade, Fourth Division.

The siege battery of Captain S. H. D. Hamilton is attacked to the division of Brigadier-General Pillow until further orders.

Lieutenant-Colonel Logwood's battalion of Tennessee cavalry is attached to, and will form a part of, the First Division.

Lieutenant-Colonel Miller's battalion of Mississippi cavalry is attached to, and will form a part of, the Second Division.

Capts. Warren Cole's, J. L. Faulkner's, and A. W. Bowie's companies of cavalry will form a part of the Fourth Division.

Capts. Robert Haywood's, J. J. Neely's, and C. S. Hudson's companies of cavalry will from a part of the Third Division.

The regiments commanded by Colonels Travis, Tappan, and Bradley

