
upon the success of Fremont's army, which they think will settle matters satisfactorily in this State.

Our legislature is still session in Neosho.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, MO. S. G.,Camp Walls, Mo., October 26, 1861-7 p. m.

Colonel SOLON BORLAND, C. S. A., Pitman's Ferry, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: We have been at this point since yesterday morning, watching the enemy's motions, and I am satisfied that they have withdrawn their forces to Ironton and Cape Girardeaou, to await the results of the contest between Fremont and Price. I will place my men as follows, to await the events: Whitge's battalion of dragoons at Saint Francisville, to picket the roads on the Saint Francis; Smith's regiment of dragoons at Castorville, and Lewis' regiment of dragoons at Spring Hill (or Piketon, as it is marked on the map). Although these dragoons amount in the aggregate to but 800 men present and fit for duty, yet they will make a complete cordon from the Saint Francis to the Whitewater. The bulk of the infantry will be posted midway between Saint Francisville and Bloomfield, and in a few days, as soon as my horses are shod, I will advance to the line between Ironton and Cape Girardeau again, to keep their forces marching on that line. Should any march be made from Ironton southward, i expect to be apprised of it; and I will wither intercept or cut off the baggage from any such force as the enemy can bring into the field until after the conflict in the southwest. I regret exceedingly that I did not have your two regiments at Greenville, as I could have easily drawn the enemy away from their baggage and whipped them in detail among the hills. My men are in splendid spirits, and I hope to open another short campaign in a few days. I suppose you are aware that I have had in the field but 2,000 enemy had 6,000 at Fredericksburg, and I killed fire to one. I go to New Madrid in the morning, and may probably go to Memphis before I return. I hope you will written often, as I can well move to act in conjunction with either yourself or General Pillow in forty-eight hours.

Yours, respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

COLUMBUS, October 27, 1861.

General A. S. JOHNSTON, Bowling Green, Ky.:

GENERAL: I send you by the bearer, Mr. Broadwell, the inclosed letter from General Thompson, from which you will see he has not sustained the loss reported by the flag of truce, but that he is prepared to renew his attack.* I much regret that the regiments Might send to his aid are still unarmed, and that I am not in a condition to help him. This will be done as soon as I can send them forward. I am pressing all my operations here, to enable me take advantage of the state of

---------------

*See report Numbers 16, of operations October 12-25, about Ironton, &amp;c., p. 225.

---------------

