
things in Western Missouri. I am glad to say, too, that I am having an increase of powder and other munitions. More heavy guns are arriving also from Richmond, and I am promised yet others. I have concluded to have the quarters in the garrison made by contract, and am receiving large supplies of lumber for that purpose. I have reorganized my army, and find al of its parts very well satisfied. I think it will prove effective.

I remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Bowling Green, Ky., October 31, 1861.

Major General STERLING PRICE, Commanding Missouri Army:

GENERAL: I received with great satisfaction your letter of the 16th instant.

In replying I embrace the opportunity of congratulating you upon your brilliant success at Lexington, and also of expressing my admiration of the very skillful manner in which you have conducted you operations since.

Although persons professing to know much of affairs in Missouri predicted disaster to your army from Fremont, yet I could not be induced to share such an apprehension.

The course you have adopted is precisely what I expected you would. By it you may draw the enemy so far that he will be compelled to divide his force, in which event you may be able to seize any favorable opportunity of attacking him in detail.

For your offer of co-operation I am sincerely thankful, although at this moment I know of no way in which I can avail myself of it. If, however, in the course of the war I shall find an opportunity of doing so, let me assure you in advance that there is no one upon whose courage, energy, and skill I will more confidently rely.

Of my own plan of operations I can of course say nothing in a letter, for fear it may fall into improper hands.

Herewith I forward you a copy of letter to my quartermaster, giving him instructions to furnish you with artillery, &amp;c., at the request of General Clark and Colonel Cooke. I hope you have received them.

Wishing you every success, I am, general, very respectfully, yours,

A. S. JOHNSTON,

General, C. S. Army.

