
I will, in conjunction with General McCulloch, at once march on Springfield. Our combined forces amount to about 25,000 men. Your movement threatening Saint Louis will of course compel the Federal Commander to hasten to that point. Should his force be too large for us to rich a general engagement, we can with our mounted men follow him, harassing him, and impeding his movement by firing the prairies and attacking him from every skirt of timber and every hill until you reach Saint Louis, when, having him between us, his capture will be certain.

I am now falling back on Pineville, where General McCulloch and myself have concluded to make a stand. Should the Federal forces advance from Springfield for the purpose of attacking us, we will act on the defensive, depending on the rugged nature of the country to compensate for any inequality in numbers. Our position will be so chosen that we will be able to make our artillery effective, while the enemy, embarrassed by the broken ground and the timber, will be unable to use this important arm with effect. Then, should we succeed in repulsing them, the nature of the country is such that a successful retreat would be next to impossible.

A report has reached here that General Fremont has been superseded by General Hunter, and I place every reliance in it. Our legislature has been in session for the last two weeks, and has passed an ordinance of secession, besides electing delegates to the Confederate Congress.

Sincerely hoping the suggestions of this letter may meet with your approval and secure your co-operation.

I am, general, with the highest respect, your obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding Mo. S. G.

CAMP ON INDIAN CREEK, MCDONALD COUNTY, MO.,

November 7, 1861.

His Excellency HENRY M. RECTOR, Governor of Arkansas:

SIR: I have the honor of calling your attention to the late military movement in the southwestern part of this State. You are doubtless aware that the Federal army is in Springfield. Their numbers are estimated at from 35,000 to 40,000 men. Before so large an army I was compelled to act prudently, and therefore fell back with my forces, in order to form a junction with General McCulloch. That junction has been made. But even now our combined forces cannot cope with them in numbers. MEN, MEN are now what we want, and i would most respectfully suggest that you call upon the patriotic citizens of your State to rally, and at once, to the defense of their frontier.

Should your relations with the Confederate Government prevent you from receiving men into the State or Confederate service for a less period than twelve months, I have the authority of the governor of the State of Missouri for saying that they will be received into the service of this State for any period you may designate or the people themselves may desire. I need not, governor, enter upon any argument with you to convince you of the absolute necessity of hearty co-operation with us at this time. The moment is very precious; no time is to be lost, and the stake is a large one. Success with us now over the large and well-appointed army of the Federals will be to us incalculable for good. Defeat may throw us back months, at immense loss. Arkansas' necessary for defense assuredly speaks to you itself.

In averting any disaster to our cause, whether immediately affecting

