
army that would be but little better than a city mob. There is excellent material out of which to make an army in Missouri. They only want a military man for a general. One should be sent that does not belong to the State, or that has not been mixed up with their quarrels and campaigns heretofore. I suggested the name of General Bragg to the governor, who seemed pleased with the idea, in the event of Missouri becoming a member of the Confederacy. General Bragg could reorganize their army, make it efficient, and at the same time would rank me, thereby making one head to both armies. As for myself, it would never to do place me in command of them. I have made myself very unpopular by speaking to them frequently about the necessity of order and discipline in their organizations. There is unfortunately but little cordiality of feeling between the two armies; hence it would not answer a good purpose to place any man now in either army in command of both. I speak plainly on this subject, so that you may fully understand the condition of things out here.

The moment I know the enemy intends seriously to advance for the purpose of invasion, I will send express to General A. S. Johnston.

I have the honor to be, very obedient servant,

BEN. McCULLOCH.

FORT SMITH, November 8,

(via Little rock, 11th, 1861)

J. P. BENJAMIN:

Reliable information says that Hunter is at Springfield with 30,000; 5,000 more in his advance. Later rumors say he is at Oak Hills with 50,000. McCulloch said to be falling back to Sugar Creek, Ark. I will get about 40 miles wire. This will enable me to build 75 miles. I have written you about management of line to Fayetteville. Please consider it private.

H. A. MONTGOMERY.
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE GUARD,Camp near Pineville, Mo., November 10, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States:

SIR: Surrounded by circumstances of a critical and trying character, and profoundly impressed that now is indeed a crisis in the fate of my State and the cause of our emancipation from the oppression of an unbearable and cruel despotism, I have determined to claim a movement of your over employed time, to the intent that you may comprehend with some degree of accuracy the actual state of things in Missouri. You will excuse, I am sure, the greatest plainness and brevity compatible with an intelligible expression of my ideas.

Missouri has been embarrassed int this struggle by almost every condition that could militate against her public weal, except only the unconquerable determination of her people to be free. To a certain extent divided in opinion; deluded and misled by a venal and treacherous public press as to the possibility of compromise and reconstruction; betrayed by a majority of the State Convention; imposed upon and deceived in every instance by the agents and officers of the Federal Government; without any military organization and but few military men;

