
implore that such immediate and efficient steps be taken by your Government to supply what is required for Missouri to work out, under the protection and blessing of almighty Providence, here own redemption. Missouri stretches her hands to her kindred blood of the South as an infant child turns its imploring eyes to a mother. Give us a chance to show our fidelity. I inclose some correspondence, which will inform you officially of the relations between the Federal Army and that of Missouri. Our people at their own homes and firesides are suffering all the horrors of civil war. Shall they be driven to choose between domestic dissolution and submission to the dictates of a tyrant? I submit to your excellency the wants of a suffering people with great confidence that supplies and succor will soon come.

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE GUARD,Camp near Greenfield, Dade County, Mo.

Major General B. McCULLOCH, Commanding Confederate Forces:

GENERAL: I have the honor to announce my arrival at this place. My march from Lexington, although looked upon in the light of a retreat, was made deliberately and with a due regard to the halted and comfort of my troops. My present force consists of from 10,000 to 12,000 men, and yesterday I received an ample supply of percussion caps, so much needed, and the want of which was one of the principal courses of my falling back from the Missouri River. I shall be compelled to remain in this neighborhood for several days to await the arrival of the clothing for my almost naked men, and other supplies stored at Benonville. I shall immediately dispatch 100 wagons to bring them up, and I hope, general, that you will render my officers charged with this duty any assistance they may require. It is reported that General Fremont is making extensive preparations at Georgetown for a movements south, and since writing I received the herein inclosed dispatch.* I am disposed to credit the report, but will make no important move until I hear further, when I will immediately inform you. At Kansas City and Wyandote, under the command of Generals Lane and Sturgis, there were said to be some 4,000 men, and Femont's force is said to be (variously estimated) from 15,000 to 24,000 men. I would like much to have a personal interview, and will meet you at any point you may designate.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding Mo. S. G.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Harbin, Mo., November 10, 1861.

General STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding Mo. S. G., Pineville, Mo.:

GENERAL: My scouts have just returned from Springfield, and report the enemy preparing to march southward, and will, from all they could learn, move their infantry on the 11th (to-morrow), a considerable force of cavalry already being at the battle ground. They estimate their num-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

