
little faith in little forts. I will be obliged to have the work done by negroes, as it will be impossible to make my men work, and would be impolitic, if I could, as the time of their enlistments is nearly expired, and it is important that they should be induced to re-enlisted. I will send up to-morrow for tools, if you can let me have them, and if you have the original plan please send it to me.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, MO. S. G.,New Madrid, Mo., November 16, 1861.

Major General STERLING PRICE, MO. S. G., Commanding in the Field:

RESPECTED SIR: As the period at which the term of service expires, under the old law, for those of the Missouri State Guard who entered the field at the call of the governor is approaching, and as a new law will probably be in force or a transfer made to the Southern Confederacy, I am very anxious to receive the proper instruction for mustering my men out of the old service in the the new. I have made every effort to keep my quartermaster and commissary reports in such a condition that there will be no confucian and difficulty in making the settlement; and I falter myself that you will be pleased with the system I have adopted and followed, although it has no been strictly in accordance with the law. I am sorry to state that my command is in a rather demoralized state, and I cannot rely upon them now for the cheerful service they rendered during the fall. I will probably be able to re-enlist 2,000 men for the war, and I will be able to arm and equip that number with the remnants of stores in good order, and, if necessary, keep them in the field all winter. Please let me know if it has been decided if the present service terminates at six months from the governors' call, at six months from the time each individual entered the field, or whether there is any termination at all? I have been notified, unofficially, that the Confederate States pay all expense after November 1, and I will have my pay-rolls made up to that time. I have been keeping up my monthly reports of property, &amp;c., and will be prepared for inspection at the shortest notice.

Hoping to hear from you by the return of my courier, and to receive such definite instructions as the distances will permit you to give, I remain, yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, November 18, 1861.

[SECRETARY OF WAR:]

Agreeably to instructions, I have been to the West to place into effect an act of Congress appropriating $1,000,000 for the benefit of the Missouri troops. In the month of August I met at Memphis two officers of Governor Jackson, whose requisitions for supplies were met in sufficient quantity to render comfortable about 10,000 men. Transportation was also provided and $50,000 in money. Subsequently, in pursuance of instructions from the War Department, I made report to Governor Jack-

