
son, at Lexington, Mo., who made known to some extent the wants of the army, but referred me for more precise information to General Price, the chief officer in command. The latter gentleman represented his army numbering more than 20,000, composed of the best men in the State, and rapidly increasing. The country furnished an abundance of provisions, but they were in pressing want f clothing, blankets, shoes, camp and garrison equipage, and some descriptions of ammunition particularly caps. Through the liberality of General Polk a good supply of ammunition was promptly furnished from Memphis, as also some artillery, and a heavy requisition for other supplies was approved by General Price, which I have been endeavoring to meet by purchases in New Orleans and Memphis, and made arrangements for securing everything, but received advice from the Quartermaster-General to postpone the shipment of further supplies until the position of the army became more definite. Supplies for General Jeff. Thompson's men have been furnished in a similar manner. A statement of my account, filed with the bills, vouchers, requisitions, and receipts, will indicate more particularly the character of this disbursement, already in excess of $300,000.

Respectfully submitted by your obedient servant,

W. A. BROADWELL.

LITTLE ROCK, November 18, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN:

Northeastern border of Arkansas seriously threatened. Borland asks for immediate assistance. We want arms. There are few at the arsenal. Give me authority to get them from the militia storekeeper.

H. M. RECTOR.

RICHMOND, VA., November 19, 1861.

Gov. H. M. RECTOR, Little Rock, Ark.:

I cannot give a single arm to any but troops mustered into the Confederate service for the war.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,Springfield, Mo., November 19, 1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjt. and Isp. General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on the night of the 15th instant I received information at my headquarters, 72 miles from here, that the Federal troops had started back toward Saint Louis from this place. On the 16th I started with all my available mounted troops, without wagons, and after a rapid march arrived near here last night. I was in hopes before arriving that I might be able to overtake some of the trains of the enemy, but on my arrival I found that they were too far to attempt even a pursuit, they being at least 100 miles ahead.

From all the information I can obtain the enemy's strength was at least 30,000, with an abundance of artillery. There was evidently considerable disaffection in their ranks, and on leaving here Lane, with his Kansas troops, carried off 500 or 600 negroes, belonging to Union men

