
as well as secessionists. From what I can learn they intend to fortify Rolla, Sedalia, and Jefferson City, and to garrison each of those places.

The Union men have nearly all fled with the Federal troops, leaving this place almost deserted.

From all the information I can get of General Price's movements he seems to be making his way in the direction of the Missouri River. An attempt of the kind, in my opinion, can only terminate as did his previous expedition to that country. Considering it inexpedient to attempt a winter campaign in this country, I shall return to the borders of Arkansas, and put my command in winter quarters by the 15th of December. As there will be much to do to make the many arrangements necessary for an early spring campaign, I respectfully request the authority of the Department for me to visit Richmond for that purpose. As soon as the troops are in winter quarters my presence here could be dispensed with for a few weeks.

Hoping my views may meet the approval of the Department, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Springfield, Mo., November 19, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

SIR: I shall return to Arkansas, put my troops in winter quarters soon, and ask permission to come immediately to Richmond, so as to give the administration correct information regarding affairs in this region before it acts on matters here.

The Federals left eighth days since with 30,000 men, quarreled among themselves, and greatly injured their cause by taking negroes belonging to Union men. General Lane went to Kansas, General Hunter to Sedalia, and General Sigel to Rolla.

I have the honor to be, with respect, your obedient servant,

BEN. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, December 22, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

SIR: In reply to your telegraphic dispatch of November 30 I have the honor to submit the following report:

I must beg your indulgence and ask your permission to go somewhat into detail as to what occurred whilst I had any connection with the Missouri forces under General Price.

About the latter part of June General Price arrived near the southwestern corner of Missouri, with about 1,700 mounted men, a part of whom were armed. At or near the same time I reached General Pearce's headquarters in the northwestern corner of Arkansas, my whole force being en route from Front Smith, consisting of Churchill's regiment, from Arkansas, and Hebert's from Louisiana, which I did not reach that point until some days afterwards. In the mean time I learned that General Price had arrived in the neighborhood, being some 12 miles distant. I immediately rode over to see if I could him or Missouri. In a few

