
days General Pearce and myself received a latter from General Price, written by Brigadier-General Parsons, from near the Osage River, to the effect that he was trying to form a junction with the other brigadier-generals, Slack and Rains; that the governor of the State was with them; that they were endeavoring to march towards the southwest part of the State, and were pursued by General Lyon in the rear, whilst Colonel Sigel was in front. I at once rode over to General Pearce's headquarters, and we agreed to march into Missouri, to id the governor in cutting his way through his enemies, whilst Colonel McRae, of Arkansas, was ordered to go at once to Fayetteville, raise all the men possible in that neighborhood, and make a demonstration on Springfield by the Telegraph road. This maneuver was well executed, and had the effect of causing General Sweeny, then in camp at Springfield, to recall that portion of his force on its march to join General Sigel.

It would be well to mention here that the military board of Arkansas had instructed General Pearce to co-operate with the forces under my command. At this time we loaned General Price some 615 muskets, with ammunition for the same. On the next morning my mounted men, under Colonel Churchill, reached us by a forced march, and we entered the Sate of Missouri for the first time, and formed a junction with General Price, it being the 4th of July.

My command consisted of Colonel Churchill's regiment of mounted riflemen, and General Pearce's of Colonel Gratiot's regiment of infantry, Colonel Carroll's regiment of mounted men, and battery under the command of Captain Woodruff. We marched as rapidly as possible, expecting to attack the forces under Colonel Sigel at Neosho, but learned with the governor of the State, leaving over 100 men at Neosho, who were captured by the regiment under command of Colonel Churchill, aided by Captain McIntosh, my adjutant-general. That night our whole mounted force reached that point, and after halting an hour or two resumed our march, and met Governor Jackson before 12 m., at the distance of 20 miles.

After a conference, the Missouri generals concluded not to pursue the enemy, but to repair to the southwest corner of the State and organize their forces, as many of them were not formed into companies or regiments.

Having accomplished the object for which we entered Missouri-viz, to assist the governor in cutting his way through the enemy-General Pearce and myself repaired to our camps and went to work to organize and drill our forces, advising General Price to the same course. Very soon we learned that General Lyon had arrived in Springfield with some 10,000 men, and at the same time were well aware of the scarcity of supplies among the Missouri forces and of the disposition of some to leave General Price in consequence. In a word, the country he occupied was too poor to sustain him, and he was compelled to advance or disband his forces. After a conference with General Pearce, I went to General Price's headquarters, and offered to aid him in every possible way, even to marching on Springfield, which was agreed upon.

I am particular in giving these details, hoping they will counteract the effect of the report so often circuited to my injury that I was not willing to assist Missouri.

It will be borne in mind that I was assigned to the Indian Territory, with instructions to defend it from any quarter, and up to and long after this had no other instructions. Consequently I did what was done at my own risk, not knowing that my Government

would approve my conduct.

