
their camp on Wilson's Creek. After this we were left unmolested, and our forces were drawn off the field in good order under Major Sturgis, who had assumed command directly after General Lyon's death.

It should be borne in mind that in the foregoing report I have only glaceed at the main points of the battle where the pieces of my own battery of artillery were engaged. I have not entered into details at al, and could not without entering into a more elaborate history of the affair than appears to be called for on this occasion from me.

I wish simply now, in conclusion, to make a few deserving remarks upon the conduct of my officers, non-commissioned officers, and soldiers during the battle. In reference to Lieutenant Sokalski, it gives me the liveliest satisfaction to bear witness to his coolness and bravery throughout the entire day. No officer ever behaved better under as trying circumstances as he found himself surrounded by at times during the day.

The non-commissioned officers and men to a man behaved admirably, and it is hard to distinguished between them in this particular; but I am constrained to mention Sergeants Robert Armstrong and Gustavus Deyand, Corporals Albert Watchman and Lorenzo D. Trummel, who were on several occasion during the day greatly exposed and severely tried, and bore themselves with great credit. the other non-commissioned officers and men were equally deserving and meritorious according to the time they were in action, but those mentioned were constantly engaged nearly, and deserve particular notice, because they were always equal to the duties imposed upon them.*

* * * * * * *

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Captain, Second Artillery, Commanding Light Co. F.

Captain GORDON GRANGER, U. S. A.,

Acting Adjutant-General, Army of the West.

Numbers 7. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George L. Andrews, First Missouri Infantry.

SAINT LOUIS, August 28, 1861.

CAPTAIN: My absence from the regiment in consequence of wounds and injuries received in the battle at Wilson's Creek, near Springfield, Mo., on the 10th instant, has necessarily delayed my report of the part enacted on that day by the First Regiment Missouri Volunteers. I have now the honor to report that the regiment under my command joined the column under the immediately command of General Lyon at 6.30 o'clock p. m. on the 9th instant, and marched out on the road to Little York about 6 miles, when, taking a road running southeast, we advanced in that direction until the head of the column discovered the camp-fires of the rebels. Here the column halted, and remained until 4.15 o'clock on the morning of the 10th instant, when our advance was continued. Soon after the column was gain in motion I received an order to bring the regiment forward, and when it arrived up with the head of the column, upon inquiry, was desired to march parallel with

---------------

* For casualties, here omitted, see p. 72.

---------------

