
ranks or left his place. They loaded and fired intense earnestness and energy, and we finally drove the enemy back for the last time and utterly silenced his fire. The artillery then left us and retired to the rear.

major Sturgis had previously sent me an order to retire as soon as I could do so with safety, and after driving the enemy completely back I took the opportunity to do so. My command came off in good order and slow time, with the men as perfectly dressed as on the drill ground. I crossed the first ravine in my rear and reformed. After waiting there some twenty minutes, I marched our by the flank and rejoined the main command.

It is proper that I should state that early in the action, before our regiment as such was under fire, a large force of cavalry attempted to flank us, and Major Cloud, taking Captain McClure's company of my regiment and deploying them as skirmishers, succeeded in driving them back after four or five effective and well directed volleys.

I am under the greatest obligations to Major Cloud and Adjutant Lines and Captain Ayres, of my regiment, and Captain Chenoweth, of the First Kansas, and, indeed, to every officer and man under my command, for their self-possession and courage, and for the admirable manner in which they assisted me in the action, and I would be glad to have them properly represented at headquarters.

My regiment went on the field and came off it unbroken, with its battalion organization as perfect as when it first under fire.

very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Second Regiment Kansas Volunteers.

Captain G. GRANGER, A. A. A. G., U. S. Army.

Numbers 13. Report of Colonel Franz Sigel, Third Missouri Infantry, commanding Army of the West.

NIANGUA CROSSING, 28 MILES EAST OF SPRINGFIELD,

August 12, 1861.

SIR: I respectfully report to you that after a battle fought 10 miles south of Springfield, on Saturday, the 10th, between our force and the rebel army, and in which General Lyon was killed, I have taken temporarily the command of the Union troops.

Arrived after the battle at Springfield, on the evening of the 10th, it was found necessary to retreat towards Rolla. We are now here with 3,000 men of infantry, 300 cavalry, and thirteen pieces of artillery. The Irish Brigade, about 900 strong, will meet us at Lebanon. The Home Guards amount to about 200 infantry and 500 mounted men, who are more or less valuable. The enemy's force cannot be less than 20,000 men, of which about one-fourth are infantry, the others cavalry, besides fifteen pieces of artillery.

Once in possession of Springfield, the enemy will be able to raise the southwest of the State against us, add a great number of men to his army, make Springfield a great depot, and continue his operations towards Rolla, and probably also towards the Missouri (Jefferson City). I do not see the probability of making an effective resistance without

