
the transaction to which General Frost invites attention, and i recommend that the private property captured, munitions of war excepted, be restored.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. HARNEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.

MAY 11, 1861.-Riot in Saint Louis, Mo.

Report of Captain Nathaniel Lyon, Second U. S. Infantry.

SAINT LOUIS ARSENAL, May 12, 1861.

SIR: On yesterday I left to Captain Callender and Lieutenant Saxton the duty of receiving and arming about 1,200 men from the northern portion of the city, who on returning to their station were fired upon by a mob, which fire was returned by the troops, from which, all told on both sides, about twelve persons were killed, two of whom, so far as I am informed, were of the United States troops; further particulars of which may be hereafter transmitted.

General Harney having arrived has assumed command of the department, and has ordered into the city all the troops of the regular service now hearer (except my own company) and four pieces of artillery.

It is with great delicacy and hesitancy I take the liberty to observe that the energetic and necessary measures of day before yesterday, and reported in my communication of yesterday, require persevering and consistent exertion to effect the object in view of anticipating combinations and measures of hostility against the General Government, and that the authority of General Harney under these circumstances embarrasses, in the most painful manner, the execution of the plans I had contemplated, and upon which the safety and welfare of the Government, as I conceive, so much depend, and which must be decided in a very short period.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. LYON,

Captain, Second Infantry, Commanding.

Colonel L. THOMAS, Adjt. General U. S. Army, Washington.

MAY 15, 1861.-Expedition from Saint Louis to Potosi, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Captain Nathaniel Lyon, Second U. S. Infantry.

Numbers 2.-Captain Nelson Cole, Fifth Missouri Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Captain Nathaniel Lyon, Second U. S. Infantry.

SAINT LOUIS ARSENAL, May 16, 1861.

SIR: In consequence of the frequent arrivals at this place of persons from Potosi, complaining of revolting outrages, and being given from their homes because of their loyalty to the General Government, I

