
enemy's camp. While on the march Colonel Sigel directed me to act on the right when the enemy should ne engaged. Afterwards, however, this order was countermanded, and I was directed to take my position on the left.

Nothing of importance occurred on the march until about 4.30 in the morning, when several prisoners were turned over to the guard. One of those stated to me that their army was excepting re-enforcements from Louisiana, and that they had mistaken us for their re-enforcements. We were now very near the enemy's camp, and continued to take prisoners in small numbers, most of whom said they were out in search of something to eat. At about 5 o'clock I was ordered with my company to the front. Soon after I reached the head of the column, a small party of men and horses was discovered in a ravine through which we were approaching the enemy's camp. These I was ordered to take, as they were supposed to be the enemy's picket. I advanced with a small party upon them. They discovered me at a distance, and mounted their horses. I did not succeed in taking the party prisoners, but cut them off from their camp, which was now in plain sight. I with my company now took my position on the extreme left, and the command moved steadily forward without having been discovered by the enemy, although very near, and at some points in plain sight of, their camp.

The attack was opened by the infantry on the center and left, and soon responded to by the artillery. It was but a moment before the camp was entirely cleared, and as we passed through it I saw many dead bodies and quantities of arms of all description lying on the ground.many of the latter I caused my men to destroy. There were in their camp a wagon load of Maynard rifles, one of regular rifled muskets, and several boxes of United States regulation sabers, all new.

there being no enemy in sight, I was ordered to move along the south side of camp. I was in a few minutes after ordered to return and support Colonel Sigel's battery. When I reached the battery I discovered an immense body of the enemy's cavalry forming in a field about 700 yards in front of our position. The battery immediately opened upon them with considerable effect, and forced them to retire. A large body of the enemy's cavalry, who had dismount and deployed in the brush on the south side of the field, were driven back and obliged to leave their horses. My company was on the field until Colonel Sigel's forces retired, but as circumstances were such as to render it impossible to use cavalry, we did no particular service.

Upon finding myself with my company alone, I retired in a southerly direction, and accidently meeting one of the guides who had been employed in taking us to the enemy's camp, I forcibly detained him until I could collect some of the troops, whom I found scattered and apparently lost. I halted my company, and got quite a number together, and directed the guide to proceed to Springfield, via Little York. After processing a short distance we came upon one of the pieces which had been taken from Colonel Sigel. Although the tongue of the limber was broken, one horse gone, and one of the remaining three badly wounded, we succeeded in moving it on. Some distance in advance of this we found a caisson, also belonging to Colonel Sigel's battery. I then had with me Sergeant Bradburn, of Company D, First Cavalry; Corporal Lewis and Private John Smith, of my own company (Company C, Second Dragoons). My company being some distance in advance, I caused the caisson to be opened, and on discovering that it was full of ammunition, I determined to take it on. I and the three

