
will be communicated to the War Department for the consideration of the Government.

V. This order will be read at the head of every company in this department.

By order of Major-General Fremont:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 17. Thanks of U. S. Congress to General Lyon's command.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 111. Washington, December 30, 1861.

The following acts of Congress are published for the information of the Army:

* * * * * * *

JOINT RESOLUTION expressive of the recognition by Congress of the gallant and patriotic services of the late Brigadier-General Nathaniel Lyon, and the officers and soldiers under his command, at the battle of Springfield, Missouri.

Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the Unites States of America in Congress assembled, 1. That Congress deems it just and proper to enter upon its records a recognition of the eminent and patriotic services of the late Brigadier-General Nathaniel Lyon. The country to whose service he devoted his life will guard and preserve his fame as a part of its own glory.

2 That the thanks of Congress are hereby given to the brave officers and soldiers who, under the command of the late General Lyon, sustained the honor of the flag, and achieved victory against overwhelming numbers at the battle of Springfield, in Missouri; and that, in order to commemorate an event so honorable to the country and to themselves, it is ordered that each regiment engaged shall be authorized to bear upon its colors the word "Springfield," embroidered in letters of gold. And the President of the United States is hereby requested to cause these resolution to be at the head of every regiment in the Army of the United States.

Approved december 24, 1861.

V. the President of the United States directs that the foregoing joint resolution be read at the head of every regiment in the Army of the United States.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General.

Numbers 18. Statements as to conduct of General Sigel, forwarded by Major-General Halleck, U. S. A.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 18, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN, Washington:

GENERAL: Look at inclosed slips.* Very important documents will

---------------

* Newspaper slips omitted; the documents referred to are attached.

---------------

