
In regard to what has been called "Sigel's masterly retreat from Springfield," it might easily be shown that while Sigel was in command our forces more nearly resembled a crowd of regulars than an army of organized troops. Sigel put his brigade in advance, and the rear was brought up by the regulars. This arrangement was the only evidence of skill manifested by him during his memorable retreat. The column was broken by crowds of refugees, wagons, horses, mules, cows, &amp;c., which were mixed up with the troops in such a manner that it would have been very difficulty to have made any disposition for battle.

The command moved before sunrise during the three days Sigel commanded, and was halted on the second day, and remained exposed to the rays of a burning sun for several hours. The reason given for the halt was that Sigel's men were cooking breakfast, During the halt one the third day, the officers, having become disgusted with the manner in which Sigel conducted the retreat, insisted that Major Sturgis should assume command. Sigel yielded, on the ground that he had no commission.

FRED'K STEELE,

Brigadier-General, U. S.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Major and Lieutenant Colonel First Mo. Lt. Artillery.

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Major First Mo. Arty., Commanding Battery at Wilson's Creek.

G. GRANGER,

A. A. A. G., late Army of the West, and A. D. C. to General Lyon at Battle of Springfield.

FLORENCE M. CORNY,

Actg. Surg. General Dept. West.

Numbers 19. Report of Major General Sterling Price, commanding Missouri State Gurad, of operations from July 25 to August 11.
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE GUARD,Springfield, Mo., August 12, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to submit to your excellency the following report of the operations of the army under my command at and immediately preceding the battle of Springfield:*

I began to move my command from its encampment on Cowskin Prairie, in McDonald County, on July 25, towards Cassville, in Barry County, at which it had been agreed upon between Generals McCulloch, Pearce, and myself that our respective forces, together with those of Brigadier-General McBride, should be concentrated, preparatory to a forward movement.

We reached Cassville on Sunday, July 28, and on the next day effected a junction with the armies of Generals McCulloch and Pearce. The combined armies were then put under marching orders, and the First Division, General McCulloch commanding, left Cassville on August 1 upon the road to this city. The Second Division, under General Pearce, of Arkansas, left on August 1; and the Third Division, Brigadier-General

---------------

* This report is printed from official copy, and it has been impossible to verify the names of individuals or organizations.

---------------

