
river lower down half a mile, and get in the rear of the enemy, if possible. Through the indiscretion of some of his command the alarm was given are this was done, and the enemy in front retreated with some loss, just as the flanking party came in sight. During this time there was continued skirmishing in our rear and on both flanks, several hundred men being in that direction.

Repairing the boat we crossed and encamped at dark 4 miles from the river, and arrived at Cane Creek, 4 miles from Memphis, at noon the 22nd instant, having marched 265 miles, with los as follows:

Third Iowa, 4 privates wounded, not dangerously; Fourth Iowa, 4 privates and 1 sergeant missing; Fifth Illinois, 1 private killed and 1 wounded seriously.

There were captured and paroled 55 prisoners of war, and I brought to this point 25 railroad engineers and mechanics, thus damaging the enemy much, as this latter class of persons are not numerous in Mississippi.

The regiment which I have the honor to command did not commit any excesses; did not enter one house from camp to Grenada, except on duty, and the property was respected, while the inhabitants were kindly, firmly, and fairly treated by the entire command.

Very few able-bodied citizens were in the country, and there was little cattle, but bacon is quite scarce. In the central portions of the State considerable wheat has been harvested.

I could not have returned via Yazoo City without undoing the good conduct and feeling created, because of the scarcity of provisions, and on account of condition of my command as regards rations, health, and ammunition, and with consideration for the horses, many of whom became temporarily unserviceable from sore backs, &amp;c., I deemed it best to return via this city. I had every reason to believe that a portion of Jackson's calvary would endeavor to prevent my return southward.

Nothing could be done toward running the railroad stock toward Memphis because of lack of means of repairing bridges over the Yalabusha, Tallahatchie, and Coldwater Rivers.

At Grenade there had been burned by Colonel Phillips a large mill with a quantity of flour sufficient for our entire force, though his division was out of food.

I take pleasure in stating that the cavalry as a whole did everything which could be asked, and would mention particularly the valuable services of Captain Peters, Fourth Iowa Cavalry; Lieutenant D. E. Jones, acting assistant quartermaster of the expedition, and the gallant conduct of Major Noble and Major Farnan.

Trusting my conduct and operation will meet your approval, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant to command.

E. F. WINSLOW,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Forces.

Cap. R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, 15th Army Corps.

