
Name,rank,and command.	 Remarks.

Sergt. S. E. Lawrence, Fourth	 Captain Church,commanding

Michigan Battery, Third	 battery,mentions him for

Division, Fourteenth Army	 gallantry.

Corps.

Sergt. A. C. Dilley, Company C, One

hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio,

First Division, Twenty-first

Army Corps.

Sergt. R. D. Barnes, Company B, One

hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio,	 Colonel Opycke,commanding

First Division, Twenty-first	 regiment,specially mentions

Army Corps.	 them for good conduct.

Sergt. H. N. Steadman, Company

B, One hundred and twenty-fifth

Ohio, First Division, Twenty-

first Army Corps.

 Major-General Crittenden says

Private John Adkins, Company D,	 they remained on the field

Second Kentucky, Twenty-first	 with his staff both days and

Army Corps.	 aided as much as any one in

Private George C. James, Company	 rallying the men;that they are

A, Sixht Ohio, Twenty-first Army	 competent to command and

Corps.	 deserving of it.

 Major-General Palmer says, "He

 remained with me all day as

Private H. H. Eby, Company C,	 orderly,but at the close of

Seventh Illinois Cavalry,	 the battle,on Sunday,was

Twenty-first Army Corps.	 wounded and fell into the

 hands of the enemy."

 Is specially mentioned for

 good conduct by Brigadier-

Private Robert Hays, Company C,	 General Johnson.

Thirtieth Indiana, Twentieth

Army Corps.	 Being one of Brigadier-General

 Wood's escort he says, "When I

Private Robert Lemon, Company	 called, this brave and devoted

I, Fifty-eighth Indiana,	 boy, a youth of not more than

Twenty-first Army Corps.	 sixteen or seventeen years of

 age, responded."

Orderly T. Marr, Company C,

Twenty-ninth Indiana, Second	 Colonel Dodge,commanding

Brigade, Second Division,	 brigade,says, "By their

Twentieth Army Corps.	 coolness and courage showed

Orderly J. McCarty, Company E,	 that they were worthy of

Thirty-fourth Illinois, Second Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps.	 holding commissions."

Name,rank,and command.	 Remarks.

Orderly G. Hirsheurser, First	 Brigadier-General Willich says

Brigade, Second Division,	 he distinguished himself

Twentieth Army Corps.	 greatly and fell wounded in

 the enemy's hands.

Orderly Black, Seventy-seventh	 Colonel Dodge,commanding

Pennsylvania, Twentieth Army	 brigade,says he was severely

Corps.	 wounded,if not killed,while

 with Lieutenant Davis,of his

 staff,collecting men that were

 separated from their commands.

Private Samuel Morris, Company	 Colonel Harker,commanding

H, First Ohio, Cavalry, Third	 brigade,says, "Throughout the

Brigade, First Division, Twenty-	 fight this brave youth was

first Army Corps.	 ever at amy side ready for the

 performance of his duty."

Orderly Isaac Bigelow, Third	 Colonel Grose,commanding

Brigade, Second Division,	 brigade,mentions these for

Twenty-first Army Corps.	 good conduct,both being

Orderly George Shirk, Thirty-	 wounded on the 20th, Shirk

sixth Indiana, Third Brigade,	 seriously while carrying the

Second Division, Twenty-first	 brigade flag.

Army Corps.

Orderly Waffle, Company K, Ninth

Indiana Infantry, Second

Brigade, Second Division,

Twenty-first Army Corps.

Orderly Bierce, Second Brigade,

Second Division, Twenty-first	 Brigadier-General Hazen speaks

Army Corps.	 of these as deserving of

Orderly Morrison, Second	 special notice for their good

Brigade, Second Division,	 conduct.

Twenty-first Army Corps.

Orderly Sweeney, Company K,

Ninth Indiana, Second Brigade,

Second Division, Twenty-first

Army Corps.	 Brigadier-General Hazen speaks

 of him as particularly

Orderly Shepherd Scott, Company	 distinguished for bravery and

I, Forty-first Ohio, Infantry,	 good service on two occasions;

Second Brigade, Second	 that he brought on two

Division, Twenty-first Army	 occasion brigades to his

Corps.	 assistance when needed, and

 was shot and killed or

 captured. If restored he

 recommends his promotion as

 second lieutenant.

Name,rank,and command.	 Remarks.

Private Richard Sloane,	 Colonel Dodge mentions him as

Company G, Thirtieth Indiana,	 conspicuous for good conduct;

Second Brigade, Second	 was severely wounded in the

Division, Twentieth Army	 hand and head on Saturday

Corps.	 while carrying an order and

 taken to the rear,but returned

 again for duty on the morning

 of the 20th.

Orderly Horace A. Hall, Company

K, Fifty-eighth Indiana, First

Brigade, First Division, Twenty-	 Colonel Buell,commanding

first Army Corps. 	 brigade,specially mentions

Orderly John Scheck, First	 these for good conduct in the

Brigade, First Division, Twenty-	 hottest of the fight.

first Army Corps.

Private Albia C. Zearing,

Company B, Ninety-third Ohio,

Third Brigade, Second Division,

Twentieth Army Corps.

Private John Sloan, Company B,

Ninety-third Ohio, Third

Brigade, Second Division,	 Colonel Martin,commanding

Twentieth Army Corps.	 regiment,says of these,their

Private John Drewry, Company B,	 coolness bravery,and

Ninety-third Ohio, Third	 determination,who were wounded

Brigade, Second Division,	 slightly but remained with

Twentieth Army Corps.	 their companies and performed

 duty, "deserve special

Private IIenry Linn, Company B,	 mention."

Ninety-third Ohio, Third

Brigade, Second Division,

Twentieth Army Corps.

