
Name, rank, and command.	 Remarks.

Private Isaac C. Snavely,

Company B, Ninety-third Ohio,

Third Brigade, Second

Division, Twentieth Army

Corps.

Private Samuel Rohrer, Company

B, Ninety-third Ohio, Third

Brigade, Second Division,

Twentieth Army Corps.

Private Allen Dodge, Company	 Colonel Martin, commanding

C, Ninety-third Ohio, Third	 regiment, says of these, their

Brigade, Second Division,	 coolness, bravery, and

Twentieth Army Corps.	 determination, who were

 wounded slightly but remained

Private John McClay, Company	 with their companies and

D, Ninety-third Ohio, Third	 performed duty, "deserve

Brigade, Second Division,	 special mention."

Twentieth Army Corps.

Private William Armstrong,

Company D, Ninety-third Ohio,

Third Brigade, Second

Division, Twentieth Army

Corps.

Private James M. Logan,

Company D, Ninety-third Ohio,	 Colonel Opdycke specially

Third Brigade, Second	 mentions him as having

Division, Twentieth Army	 distinguished himself for cool

Corps.	 courage and capacity to

 command.

Private Charles C. Chapman,

Company G, One hundred and	 Colonel McIlvain, commanding

twenty-fifth Ohio, First	 regiment, mentions this

Division, Twenty-first Army	 incident in connection with

Corps.	 his bravery:"He had lost his

 speech and had not spoken a

Private Samuel A. Hayes,	 word for nearly six months; on

Company F, Sixty-fourth Ohio,	 seeing a rebel fall he had

Third Brigade, First Division,	 shot at, exclaimed, in a clear

Twenty-first Army Corps.	 voice, "I have hit him!" and

 after that talked quite

 freely, being greatly rejoiced

 at his fortune. The brave

 fellow later in the day was

 wounded and left on the

 field."

Name, rank, and command.	 Remarks.

Private J. H. Springher,

Company I, First Ohio, Third	 Lieutenant-Colonel Langdon,

Brigade, Second Division,	 commanding regiment, specially

Twentieth Army Corps.	 mentions them for gallant

 conduct.

Private Caleb Copeland,

Company A, First Ohio.

Private John McCarthy, Company	 Major Williams, commanding,

A, First Ohio.	 says that his company

 commissioned and non-

Private Alexander Beecher,	 commissioned officers being

Company B, Eighty-ninth	 killed or disabled, he took

Illinois, First Brigade,	 command and was respected and

Second Division, Twentieth	 obeyed.

Army Corps.	 Colonel Martin, commanding,

 specially mentions him for

 good conduct and capturing

Private David Kinsey, Company	 maps and papers while

K, Ninety-third Ohio, Third	 skirmishing.

Brigade, Second Division,

Twentieth Army Corps.	 Captain Huston, commanding,

 says,"Struck four times: he

Private John T. Steele,	 stuck to his guns. When he was

Company B, Fifth Kentucky,	 with the Ninety-third Ohio,

Third Brigade, Second	 when the cannons were captured

Division, Twentieth Army	 he captured the battle flag.

Corps.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, January 8.1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit inclosed, through the proper military channels, a communication addressed to the President of the United States.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

Brig. General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

[Indorsement.]

Inclosure not marked. Shown to Secretary of War and General-in-Chief, and sent to the President, January 14, 1864.

[Inclosure.]

CINCINNATI, OHIO, January 8, 1864.

TO THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

I beg leave to respectfully invite the attention of Your Excellency to a violation of military usage and courtesy which, while it does

