
be of great importance at this time. Enemy demonstrating on our front now. We occupy line of West Chickamauga. Our cavalry on right covers Stevens' Gap.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Crawfish Spring, Chickamauga Valley, September 18.1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

I dispatched you on my arrival at Chattanooga,again on the 13th, and twice since then. It was very important you should close in on our left as soon as possible. Our cavalry has been worked so hard that it has decreased 2,100 from sickness and dismounted men since the commencement of campaign. Byrd should come down to Cleveland at once. If he is in any danger there he can come down to Tyner's Station, on our left. The remainder of your force should close down as soon as possible. The enemy are in our front in large force, occupying Pea Vine Valley and covering the roads to Dalton and Rome, headquarters at La Fayette. Johnston is with Bragg, with a large portion of his force, and re-enforcements have arrived from Virginia. We need all we can concentrate to oppose them. Let me hear from you.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,Reed's Bridge, September 18, 1863-12.15 a.m.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Commanding Gordon's Mills:

GENERAL: I sent report to General Rosecrans at 7 p.m. last evening. My report was delayed waiting for return of patrols, &amp;c. A force of infantry passed through of near Graysville late yesterday a.m., which the citizens there state was General Spears'. Cannonading was heard yesterday afternoon north of Ringgold. Pegram's pickets are 9 miles up the Pea Vine Valley. Colonel Wilder encamped within 2 miles of me late last night. He states that he remarked a column of dust moving in the direction of La Fayette.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. MINTY,

Colonel, Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, September 18, 1863-3 a.m.

E. A. OTIS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

We have had indications of the enemy in our front. Some shots have been fired by men on foot at our pickets. A column of dust appears rather to the right of our front. Enemy have been seen both to the right and left of the road in front. I think they are advancing.

SIDNEY M. BARNES,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

