HDQRS. 1ST BRIG., 3rd DIV., TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Camp in the Field, September 18, 1863-7 p.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report:

I am assistant inspector of General Beatty's staff, and as such was in charge of the picket line of the brigade. I had an officer of the day (a captain), 3 commissioned officers, 18 non-commissioned officers, and 150 men. My line extended from the creek, which has its source at Crawfish Spring, to Colonel Barnes' pickets, on my right, a distance line, but there were indications of the enemy in the immediate front of my line.

About 10 o'clock they moved a column of cavalry and infantry down the road leading toward General Wood. The first column was not more than a half hour passing. A second column was afterward reported to me as passing the same way. Of this I know very little, and have reason to believe but few troops passed at this time.

About 1 o'clock troops of the enemy moved down and apparently established themselves in the vicinity of the creek. Of the number I could not attempt to form an estimate. They soon afterward opened a section of artillery (I think not more) on General Wood's position. This battery was about the center of my picket line, and but a very short distance beyond the creek, and not more than a mile and a quarter from General Rosecrans' headquarters. I was relieved about dusk by pickets of General Palmer's division, and when I left the enemy were trying to establish pickets in the timber this side of the creek. The line now is a distance of over a mile from any support, and consists of six companies of about 200 men from General Crutt's brigade. The country this side of the creek, with the exception of a skirt of timber along the creek and leading into the one the enemy moved on this morning; then succeeds dense woods, in which the enemy were establishing themselves at dark this evening. This open ground has many commanding knolls, which,if once occupied by them in force, will trouble us much.

About 2 p.m. 2 of the men from my central station went to the creek for water, were fired on, and 1 taken prisoner.

This report is made in accordance with an order from Major-General Rosecrans.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

W. A. SUTHERLAND,

Lieutenant, 19th Ohio, and Insp. 1st Brigadier 3rd Div., 21st A. C.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Pond Spring, September 18, 1863.

[General R. B. MITCHELL:]

GENERAL: I am directed by General McCook to inform you that Generals Sheridan's and Davis' divisions have just been ordered from the positions they occupied to-day to a position nearer these headquarters, where they will remain to-night unless a change of location is ordered by the general commanding. General Johnson remains in General Reynolds' position of yesterday. Colonel Harrison, Thirty-

