HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, POND SPRING, NEAR FOOT OF COOPER'S GAP,September 18, 1863-8 p.m.

Colonel P. SIDNEY POST,

Comdg. First Brig., First Div., near Stevens' Gap:

COLONEL: I send you inclosed for your instruction a copy of a dispatch received from General Rosecrans.* We have had no communication with you since your dispatch of yesterday from Valley Head, 3 p.m. Our infantry has been withdrawn from near Stevens' Gap several mile toward Chattanooga, and General Mitchell has been ordered to cover our right and extend his line of cavalry so as to cover Stevens' Gap. The inclosed order indicates that he may be drawn from there entirely and your brigade have no further support from the cavalry. The order explains itself. We are in some doubt as to your position and as to your trains, rations,&amp;c. All the trains of the corps except your share of your ammunition train (First Division) and about six days' to ten days' rations for your command are ordered to be brought down into this valley to Chattanooga Creek. Keep these wagons (with ammunition and supplies) with you if they are still on the mountain. If you get out of supplies provide yourself as far as you can on the mountain. Your communications in regard to the sick at Valley Head received due attention, but the difficulty at that time could not be remedied, as we had no empty wagons. We have wagons to send now, and they will start in the morning, via Cooper's Gap and Lookout Valley for Valley Head, with suitable guard. Orders will be given to immediately remove the sick in them on the Lookout Valley or Trenton road to Chattanooga, where hospitals are stationed now and supplies drawn. We are in ignorance as to your position on the mountain and as to the condition of affairs at Valley Head, and also as to the exact position of some of the corps trains. Please inform us as fully and speedily as possible, and we will communicate with you again if necessary in the morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, and Chief of Staff.

P. S.-Send to us at Pond Spring or Gower's. If you notify us in time that you want rations-have got six days' on the mountain that you can get from General Davis' train there-we send you some.

Let us hear from you.

CRAWFISH SPRING, September 18, 1863-8 p.m.

Captain RUSSELL,

Rossville:

Send full reports of Whitaker's and McCook's movements, and where they are and what is in their front.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

ROSSVILLE, GA., September 18, 1863.

General STEEDMAN:

Will you please make an immediate report based upon latest information received and send to me be forwarded by courier? I

---------------

*Not identified.

---------------

