
ings, machine-shops, several blacksmith-shops, and a quantity of ordnance and commissary stores, and captured 50 railroad men and a number of prisoners.

After Colonel Phillips had accomplished his work Colonel Winslow, ordered up by Major-General Grant, appeared with a force.

Detailed report will be forwarded.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., September 13, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward you report of

Lieutenant-Colonel Phillips, and documents. Major-General Sherman's orders, as i am informed, left no discretion to Colonel Winslow on the subject of the rolling stock on this railroad.

It was, as I well knew, impossible to bring it in and its thorough destruction I considered imperative. The cavalry detachments which composed this expedition were very handsomely handled, and I take occasion here to say that the cavalry of this command, almost without exception, have been steadily and energetically at work through the entire summer.

I am informed by citizens that the enemy have completed the demolition of the engines and are removing part of the machinery in wagons.

If they can save the driving wheels of the locomotives it will be a great thing for them, as they cannot be replaced in the Confederacy. Breaking the flanges renders them entirely useless, and if another party should move up in that direction it should be done.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

Brig. General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Tenn., Vicksburg, Miss.

No. 2. Reports of Colonel John K. Mizner, Third Michigan Cavalry,

Chief of Cavalry, Sixteenth Army Corps.

LA GRANGE, August 17, 1863.

(Received Headquarters Memphis, August 17, 1863.)

Our cavalry, 1,500 strong, have been out five days. Their return is looked for to-morrow. From information received hare I judge the enemy were too much scattered to harm them, and that they fell back before us in consequence of the move made from below. I have no apprehensions. The cavalry at Corinth is available.

J. K. MIZNER,

Colonel, and Chief of Cavalry.

Major-General HURLBUT.

