
HIGH POINT, September 18, 1863-9 p.m.

Captain MERRILL:

No rebel camp-fire can be seen.

MEEKER.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Crawfish Spring, September 18, 1863-10.45 a.m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

The general commanding directs you to move your corps down the Chickamauga, so that your left will join General Palmer's division at Cook's Mill. Close the line up compactly and report to General McCook as soon as possible where your right will rest. Reconnoiter your front thoroughly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, RESERVE CORPS,Rossville, Ga., September 18, 1863-11 p.m.

General GARFIELD:

General Whitaker met resistance 3 miles from this point on the Rossville road. He drove the enemy half a mile, lost 1 killed and 4 wounded, and is now on a creek that crosses the road side of the Chickamauga. I have ordered him to hold his position until daylight,and then, if able to do so with safety, to advance to the Chickamauga. I have but two regiments to take care of the property here and re-enforce Whitaker.

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Brigadier-General.

ROSSVILLE, GA., September 19, 1863-2.25 a.m.

Major General GORDON GRANGER,

Crawfish Spring:

GENERAL: I signaled you last evening, giving a short account of McCook's movement and asking for orders to General Steedman relative to changing the order relative to Michell's brigade, he (General Steedman) being of opinion that Whitaker should be supported by Mitchell. As yet no orders have been received. I inclose herewith note* sent me by General Steedman a few hours since-the only one received from Whitaker since leaving camp. Thinking it probable that General Steedman had received later information from McCook and Whitaker than that reported to you, I sent your note to General Steedman with the request that he make the reports as required, but he directed me by verbal message to the orderly to make the reports. McCook's advance captured 5 prisoners near Reed's Bridge. They were straggling behind the train and reported themselves as belonging to regiments in Johnston's brigade, which was moving off toward the east as McCook advanced. The men represented regiments from

---------------

*See Whitaker to Moe, 8.30 p.m., p. 120.

---------------

