
LA GRANGE, August 19, 1863.

(Received Headquarters Memphis, August 19, 1863.)

The cavalry force sent from here on the 13th instant, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Phillips, reached Grenada on the 17th instant, drove Slemons, with 2,000 men and three pieces of artillery, from the place, destroying 57 engines, upwards of 400 cars, the depot buildings, machine-shops, several blacksmith-shops, and a quantity of ordnance and commissary stores, capturing about 50 railroad men and a number of prisoners. After Colonel Phillips, with his command, had accomplished his work, Colonel Winslow appeared with a force from below. His brief report will be sent by to-day's train.

J. K. MIZNER,

Colonel, and Chief of Cavalry.

Major-General HURLBUT.

No. 3. Report of Colonel August Mersy, Ninth Illinois (Mounted) Infantry,

commanding post of Corinth.

CORINTH, August 20, 1863.

(Received Headquarters Memphis, August 20, 1863.)

Colonel Mizner reports the cavalry sent out from La Grange on 13th ultimo, under Lieutenant-Colonel Phillips, reached Grenada on 17th, drove Slemons, with 2,000 men and three pieces of artillery, from the place, destroying 57, engines, upward of 400 cars, depot buildings, machine-shops, and quantity of ordnance, and command captured 50 railroad men and number of prisoners. After Colonel Phillips had accomplished his work, Colonel Winslow appeared with a force from below. Detailed report will follow immediately.

Very respectfully,

August MERSY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Commanding.

No. 4. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Jesse J. Phillips, Ninth Illinois (Mounted) Infantry,

commanding expedition.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, Grenada, Miss., August 17, 1863-5 p.m.

SIR: I have to report that in obedience to your order I joined the column from La Grange, at Oxford, and found that brigade under command of Major Coon, Second Iowa Cavalry. I moved, without instructions, to Water Valley, being joined 5 miles south of Oxford by the First Brigade of Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Wallace commanding. The command not having been designed

