
branches off at McDonald's house to Reed's Bridge. I earnestly request that Negley's division be placed on my left immediately. The enemy's skirmishers have been discovered about three-quarters of a mile from our left would be exactly in their front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

P. S.-General Baird has just reported to me that the enemy are moving toward our left.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,McDonald's House, September 20, 1863-6.30 a.m.

Brig. General JAMES B. STEEDMAN:

The general commanding directs me to say that General Thomas reports the enemy in force on his left, and he wishes you to be on the lookout.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK S. BOND,

Major, and Aide-de-Camp.

KNOXVILLE, September 20,[1863]-7 a.m.

For ROSECRANS:

Your dispatches received, and were answered at the time. I had a large portion of my force in the eastern part of the State so situated in reference to the enemy that I could not withdraw them. I have now ordered down every available man, and will order more as soon as possible. Byrd was in possession of Cleveland, but with a force so light it was driven out. I will order him to push on as fast as possible, but I hope you will not exaggerate his force, and will remember that he is confronted with a cavalry force that is trying to cross the Hiwassee above him. I am re-enforcing him all I can, and if possible will connect with you. From dispatches received when you took Chattanooga I supposed the enemy were running; otherwise might have probably made different moves. Depend upon it, I will help you all I can. You will hear from me again to-morrow. God bless you.

A. E. BURNSIDE.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY,Crawfish Spring, September 20, 1863-7.45 a.m.

General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The enemy attempted to cross at the first ford below the spring. We have repulsed them, and I think they have sustained considerable loss. Our loss nothing. Nothing heard from General Crook yet.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

