
for me, I had no instructions whatever, either as to the object or destination of the expedition, though I was the ranking officer; but gathering the object of the expedition from Major Coon's and Lieutenant-Colonel Wallace's instructions, I moved to Water Valley, where I found that all the rolling stock of the railroad had been moved toward Grenada. I moved very rapidly on Grenada, Major Coon's brigade in advance. Brisk skirmishing commenced and was kept up from a point 8 miles north of Grenada, until I arrived at the Yalabusha River at Grenada. When within 4 miles of Grenada a dense smoke was seen rising from the town, which we afterward found to be the railroad bridges burning. At the river, Chalmer's forces contended the crossing with artillery, and a severe skirmish ensued. The regiment fighting us were Slemon's regiment, McCulloch's regiment, McGuirk's regiment, and Stocks' regiment, with three pieces of artillery. We found both bridges burned. I captured north of the Yalabusha River 6 engines and 20 cars. At Grenada, I captured 51 engines and about 500 cars. Owing to the destruction of the bridges, and I not being able to learn of any force from below, as was anticipated, I destroyed these engines and cars, together with a quantity of ordnance stores and commissary stores in the depot, as the destruction of the bridges by the enemy would prevent my running them up the road. I captured a train of 6 wagons with teams belonging to the Confederate Government; also about 50 prisoners, among them Major P. M. Leath, chief quartermaster of Chalmers' division; and with him I captured $5,700 Government (Confederate) funds. My loss is 2 men wounded; the enemy had several killed and wounded.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JESSE J. PHILLIPS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Brig. General GRENVILLE M. DODGE,

Commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps.

HEADQUARTERS NINTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY, Pocahontas, Tenn., September 3, 1863.

SIR: I have to report that in pursuance of orders from the commanding officer of the Second Brigade, Second Division, Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, I left my camp on the night of the 12th ultimo in command of 330 men of the Ninth Illinois Infantry Regiment, mounted, with orders, copies of which are herewith sent, marked A and B, but when ready to march a telegram was sent to me from brigade headquarters directing my march, a copy of which telegram is herewith sent, marked C, and in accordance with that dispatch I moved toward Salem; thence crossing the Tippach River at Buck's Springs; thence through Hickory Flats to Rocky Ford, crossing the Tallahatchie River at that place on the 13th ultimo, moving at 4 a.m. of the 14th ultimo toward Oxford, where I arrived at 2 o'clock.

At Oxford I found detachments of the Second Iowa Cavalry, Third Michigan Cavalry, and Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, the aggregate of which was 520 men, all under the command of Major D. E. Coon, Second Iowa Cavalry.

I was without orders or instruction in regard to the object of the

