
scattered troops there. Thomas, who had seven divisions, remained intact at last news. Granger, with two brigades, had gone to support Thomas on the left. Every available reserve was used when the men stampeded. Burnside will be notified of the state of things at once, and you will be informed. Troops from Charleston, Florida, Virginia, and all along the seaboard are found among the prisoners. It seems that every available man was thrown against us.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

ROSSVILLE, September 20, 1863-6.30 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Would it not be well to send a flag of truce to make arrangements to recover our wounded? Otherwise their suffering will be very great. They have only provisions enough for to-night.

G. PERIN,

Medical Director.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, September 20, 1863-6.40 p.m.

Colonel J. T. WILDER:

The general commanding directs me to say that you should have reported to General Mitchell at Crawfish Spring, so that he might cover that point and also threaten the enemy's flank. Our latest advices from General Thomas were that he was holding his ground with six, and probably seven, divisions. Instead of falling back this way the general commanding directs that you push on Missionary Ridge and try to open communication with General Mitchell, and, if successful, take orders from him. You should pick up all stragglers, sending them by detachments to this place. Report fully and often by the safest route, either down the valley or on Lookout Mountain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK S. BOND,

Major, and Aide-de-Camp.

ROSSVILLE, September 20, 1863-7 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Just returned from up the Crawfish Spring road with the command that General Davis and I organize some 1,500 men, five companies Tenth Ohio [sic]. Did not find any of the enemy, having gone to within 1 1/2 miles of the Widow Glenn's, our old headquarters. We are turned back by an order from Colonel Thruston to take position at Rossville. The troops here are utterly exhausted and without rations. I have sent to Chattanooga for supplies. Could you not send ten or fifteen wagon-loads of meat and crackers immediately?

I have the honor to remain, yours, very truly,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Major-General.

