
ROSSVILLE, September 20, 1863-7.05 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

After inexpressible labor we have succeeded in getting the troops organized at this place, with some six or seven batteries, intact, excepting the troops of General Crittenden's corps, which went forward to Chattanooga by his order, and General Sheridan's, who went to the support of General Thomas. By a mutual arrangement via La Fayette of Eastern road, cavalry could make a powerful demonstration in the rear of the enemy down Crawfish road.

BURT,

Captain.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Ringgold Road, September 20, 1863-7.35 p.m.

General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: My brigade was so much scattered by details that it was almost dark before I got sufficient force together to enable me to attack Scott (not Forrest), and then it being so dark I had to move cautiously, but succeeded in driving him over the creek. I took but 1 prisoners. He states that Scott had 1,500 men and four pieces of artillery. I had 2 men wounded. I have heard nothing whatever from General Granger or Colonel McCook since they moved from here. I have fallen back to within about half a mile of the cross-roads, so as to enable me to cover both roads.

I am, respectfully,

R. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel, Commanding.

ROSSVILLE, September 20, 1863-8.40 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

One of my staff officers has just returned from General Sheridan's command. He reached the meeting house 3 miles from this point. He reports communication with General Thomas cut off by the presence of a considerable force of the enemy. Forrest's cavalry harassed Sheridan all the way. There is evidently a column moving on our left from the direction of Ringgold. Just heard from General Mitchell's cavalry command. He left Crawfish Spring at 5 o'clock. He reports our trains safe with him. General King's brigade is just arriving. General Johnson's division is about 2 miles back.

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Major-General.

[ROSSVILLE,] September 20, 1863-8.40 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I have this moment returned from the front. I wrote you a long dispatch as I arrived on the field and while the battle was in progress, but it was so difficult to get communication to the rear that I fear you have not yet received it. Thomas has kept Baird's, Brannan's, Reynold's, Wood's, and Palmer's division in good order, and has maintained almost the exact position he occupied this morning, except

