
that his right has swung back nearly at right angles with the Gordon's Mills and Rossville road. Negley has stopped about 6,000 men at this place. Sheridan gathered 1,500 of his division, and reached a point 3 miles south of here at sunset. Davis is here with two brigades. General Thomas has fought magnificently. From the time I reached the battle-field (3.45 p.m.) till sunset the fighting was by far the fiercest I have ever seen. Our men not only held their ground, but at many points drove the enemy splendidly. Longstreet's Virginians have got their bellies full. Nearly every division in the field exhausted its ammunition, got supplies, and exhausted it again. Turchin charged the rebel lines and took 500 prisoners; became enveloped, swept around behind their lines and cut his way out in another place, but abandoned his prisoners. Another brigade was attacked just at the close of the fight, and its ammunition being exhausted, it went in with the bayonet and drove the rebels, taking over 200 prisoners, and have got them yet. On the whole, Generals Thomas and Granger have got them him, and they have successfully repelled the repeated combined attacks, most fiercely made, of the whole rebel army, frequently pressing the front and both flanks at the same time. The disaster on the right cannot, of course, be estimated now. It must be every considerable in men and material, especially the latter. The rebels have, however, done their best to-day, and I believe we can whip them to-morrow. I believe we can now crown the whole battle with victory. Granger regards them as thoroughly whipped to-night, and thinks they would not renew the fight were we to remain on the field. Clouds of dust to the eastward and northward seem to indicate some movement to our left. Sheridan thinks they may be projecting to come in directly on Chattanooga. I do not think so. Your order to retire on this place was received a little after sunset and communicated to General Thomas and Granger. The troops are now moving back, and will be here in good shape and strong position before morning. I hope you will not budge an inch from this place, but come up early in the morning, and if the rebs try it on, accommodate them. General Mitchell left Crawfish Spring at 5 p.m. Our trains are reported safe with him. We have not heard from General McCook. General Crittenden reported with you. General Lytle killed; also Colonel King and many officers. If I am not needed at headquarters to-night I will stay here. I am half dead with fatigue. Answer if I can do anything here.

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,September 20, 1863-9.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

You may stay all night. It the enemy are drifting toward our left (Rossville position), have men ordered up. I like your suggestions.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

10 R R-VOL XXX, PT I

