HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Rossville, September 21, 1863-6.45 a.m.

Captain J. P. [DROUILLARD],

Aide-de-Camp:

CAPTAIN: I have posted Negley's division in the pass at Rossville; General McCook's corps on the right,across Dry Creek Valley, his left resting on Negley's right; General Crittenden's two divisions on the top of the ridge and to the left of the pass; the remainder of my corps and General Granger's massed in reserve behind the center. These are the best dispositions I can make for the present. Colonel Minty is on the Ringgold road, 2 or 3 miles in front of the pass. He reported at 5 a.m. to-day all quiet on his front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

[SEPTEMBER [21], 1863.]

(Received Hdqrs. Dept. of the Cumberland,21st.)

Position of the troops: General McCook on our extreme right; General Reynolds' division, Fourteenth Army Corps, on the left of McCook; Negley on left of Reynolds; Baird supporting one brigade of Negley's in the pass, and the right of Crittenden's corps, which is posted on the hills to the left of the pass; Steedman supporting Crittenden's left. Minty has been driven in from the front and is now posted on the hills on the extreme left. E. M. McCook up Dry Creek Valley observing our right and front. There is a hill beyond the pass from which they can shell us if they can get possession.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Rossville, September 21, 1863-7.30 a.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Comdg. Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the pleasure to assure you that everything is progressing most favorably. I have my division properly organized, armed, fed, and in position. Will have the other troops here in preliminary organization in less than an hour. Affairs present a very satisfactory appearance.

Yours, very truly,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Major-General.

ROSSVILLE, September 21, 1863-7.45 a.m.

General ROSECRANS:

I do not feel sure of this line as a good one for a general battle, and I do not know how much reliance can be placed on the stampeded troops. I understand from General Crittenden that you expect me in town this morning. I will start in a few minutes, after seeing

