
[Inclosure No. 2.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., September 11, 1863-2 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Cumberland Gap:

I congratulate you on your successes. Hold the gaps of the North Carolina mountains, the line of the Holston River, or some point, if there be one, to prevent access from Virginia and connect with General Rosecrans, at lest with your cavalry. The Secretary of War directs that you raise all the volunteers you can in East Tennessee. Select the officers, and if not commissioned by Governor Johnson they will be by the President. If you have not arms and equipments at your disposal telegraph for them. How is the supply of forage and provisions in East Tennessee? General Rosecrans will occupy Dalton, or some point on the railroad, to close all access from Atlanta, and also the mountain passes on the west. This being done it will be determined whether the movable forces shall advance into Georgia and Alabama, or into the Valley of Virginia and North Carolina.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT, September 21, 1863-11 a.m.

General BURNSIDE,

Greenville, Tenn.:

If you are to do any good to Rosecrans it will not do to waste time with Jonesborough. It is already too late to do the most good that might have been done, but I hope it will still do some good. Please do not lose a moment.

A. LINCOLN.

CHATTANOOGA, September 21, 1863. (Received Knoxville, 22nd .)

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Your courier, Hicks, arrived. I dispatched you yesterday in cipher by courier. After a sanguinary battle of two days, in which all our troops were engaged repeatedly, our right and center were forced. Our left maintained its position till night, when it fell back to Rossville, where we are now in position. Unless your troops can join us at once, it will not be practicable for them to come down on east side of river; the enemy will occupy that country. Come down on west side Tennessee as rapidly as possible. We shall probably have to hold Chattanooga as a tete-de-pont until re-enforcements come up.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., September 21, 1863-9 a.m.

(Received War Department 12.45 p.m.)

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

After two days of the severest fighting I ever witnessed our right and center were beaten. The left held its position until sunset.

