
expedition, but Major Coon furnished me with those supplied him, a copy of which is herewith sent, marked E, and from those instructions I believed the success of the expedition would depend on the rapidity of movement, and at once moved toward Water Valley.

About 6 miles south of Oxford I was joined by the First Brigade of cavalry under Lieutenant-Colonel Wallace, with an aggregate of about 750 men with four 12-pounder mountain howitzers, who I also found my junior in rank, which placed me in command of the expedition, and that without further instructions than those kindly furnished by Major D. E. Coon already referred to.

I arrived with my advance at Water Valley at 11 a.m. on the 15th ultimo. At this place my advance captured a train of 6 wagons, 6 mule teams, four of which wagons I burned; the other two I directed Major Coon to use for transportation for his command. The crossing of the Yoh-na-pata-fa River, 6 miles north of Water Valley, being very difficult, the boat being very small and the river quite high and very rapid, I did not get all my command across until near 5 p.m. I moved from Water Valley to Coffeeville, thence toward Grenada. We met 8 miles north of Grenada a force of the enemy estimated at about 600. Constant skirmishing was kept up from this point until we arrived at the Yalabusha river at Grenada, though we advanced rapidly. Six miles north of Grenada I captured a train of 20 cars and 6 locomotives. With these I left a guard and ordered them to be run to Grenada when I arrived at that place.

When I arrived at a point about 4 miles north of Grenada I saw a dense smoke rising from the direction of the city, which afterward I found to be occasioned by the burning of the two railroad bridges over the Yalabusha River at that place. When within a half mile of the river the enemy contested my advance vigorously, but were driven across the river. At 2 p.m., the Second Brigade, Major Coon commanding, was ordered to attack the enemy at the upper ferry, and two guns of the four attached to Lieutenant-Colonel Wallace's brigade I ordered forward, and also three companies of the Ninth Illinois Cavalry, of Colonel Wallace's brigade, as a support to cooperate with Major Coon's brigade. The greatest part of the enemy's forces were in position on the south side of the river at the upper ferry, and had in position in field fortifications three pieces of artillery, one a rifled gun, while the supports were protected by rifle-pits. I ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Wallace to move to the right 2 miles below, and, if possible, effect a crossing and attack the enemy on their left flank and rear, whilst at the same time I ordered Major Coon to attack as vigorously as possible, to insure the success of the First Brigade, under Lieutenant-Colonel Wallace, in effecting a crossing below, by keeping the forces of the enemy engaged at the upper ferry. Having no guides, and not aware of the direction of the roads, I had a regiment from Major Coon's brigade left at the forks of the road at Statem's [?] Station, 2 miles north of the river.

Lieutenant-Colonel Wallace having gained the ferry without opposition, I found the enemy giving way very rapidly and moving toward their right, when I ordered a prompt advance, and sending several dismounted companies over on the boat, I also ordered that a regiment of cavalry should be sent across, swimming the river if it could not be forded. The enemy retreated from the city in a southeast direction. Having gained the city, I sent an order to Major Coon to burn all cars, car of railroad shops and buildings, and also

