
Our loss is heavy and our troops worn down. The enemy received heavy re-enforcements Saturday night. Every man of ours was in action Sunday and all but one brigade on Saturday. Our wounded large compared with the killed. We took prisoners from two divisions of Longstreet. We have no certainty of holding our position here. If Burnside could come immediately it would be well; other-wise he may not be able to join us unless he comes on west side of river.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

GREENVILLE, TENN., September 21, 1863-9.20 a.m.

General ROSECRANS:

I will send you all the men I can spare you. I have much work to do, as my line is long, but you shall have all the help I can give you. Will telegraph you to-night more in detail.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, September 20 [21], 19863-9.25 a.m.[?]

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Rossville:

Mitchell has been ordered to occupy the Dry Valley road and Missionary Ridge, Post's brigade to support and protect Chattanooga Valley. If the enemy does not attack vigorously this a.m., the probabilities are that he will, while collecting property and burying the dead,send a strong force to the ferries at Harrison's and above. Wilder has been ordered up the river, preceded by the Second Michigan Cavalry, to protect the crossing. This will probably secure our communications for a day or two. Meanwhile all the spare transportation has been ordered over the river and across the mountain via Therman. Have dispatched you to call for a report of the corps, to find out their strength, &amp;c., the great point now being to hold Chattanooga and secure our communications. I write this by the direction of the general commanding.

Very respectfully, &c.,

FRANK S. BOND,

Major, and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Rock Creek Ford, Ga., September 21, 1863-10.15 a.m.

Brig. General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

I have sent out a force as directed by you last evening into Dry Valley and another well down to Chattanooga. They have both pushed well out and discover nothing of the enemy. Colonel McCook had gone into Dry Valley with two brigades. I have ordered

