
him to open communication with the commanding officers of the right wing of the army. When he left I directed him to feel well out, and a messenger from him reports no enemy found so far. From prisoners captured yesterday near Crawfish Spring, I find that I was fighting Withers' old division, now commanded by Hindman; also a part of Breckinridge's division. Colonel Wilder is very sick, and I have permitted him to go into town. I am lying here quietly watching the corners. Wilder's command has reported to me, but I have not put it into position yet. I am holding it here waiting developments. So far I have not heard a shot in front. I have not been able to open communication with Colonel Watkins, and am at a loss to know what has become of him.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Cavalry.

ROSSVILLE, September 21, 1863-11 o'clock.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: A Kentucky prisoner, belonging to Helm's brigade, Breckinridge's division, reports the enemy 100,000 strong yesterday; that General Ewell was expected last night with re-enforcements to the number of 20,000; that Bragg says this is the first time he has had a respectable army, and he is sure of victory.

I remain,&amp;c.,

J. G. PARKHURST,

Colonel and Provost-Marshall, Fourteenth Army Corps.

CHATTANOOGA, September 21, 1863.

Brigadier-General SPEARS:

The general commanding directs you to report to Major-General Granger for duty with your command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOOKOUT, MISSIONARY RANGE, (September 21, 1863-11.30 a.m.)

General THOMAS:

A column of men is advancing on the northern or lower Ringgold road. It moves slowly. It heads this side of Chickamauga River.

S. D. CONOVER,

Captain.

SEPTEMBER 21, 1863-12.15 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

My pickets on front and right are attacked.

Respectfully,

ROBT. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel.

