HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, September 21, 1863.

Brig. General H. P. VAN CLEVE:

The general commanding directs you to detail 500 men to report at 6 a.m. to-morrow to General Morton to work on rifle-pits. General Morton will be at your headquarters at that hour. He further directs you to have 500 men ready to relieve the first 500 at 1.30 to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., September 21, 1863-2 p.m. (Received 9.20 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

A man of Company C, Tennessee Artillery, deserted from Mobile September 1. When he left, the garrison was but two Alabama regiments and three batteries-one of six and two of four guns-and 200 cavalry. Johnston's army all came here except one division. Nineteen forts around city, mounting three siege guns, each 32-pounders and larger, besides three field guns. Two miles down the bay from the city three batteries heavy guns. Two rams in bay, six heavy guns each. On Pensacola side three batteries heavy guns. Forts are all man saw. Colonel and lieutenant-colonel from Little Rock said Arkansas army was very much demoralized. They said Bragg would not hold Chattanooga, but would draw Rosecrans across the river and overwhelm him with numbers. Said if rebels were successful at Chattanooga their cause would be greatly encouraged. If whipped there and at Charleston Confederacy was gone. Three thousand home guards were at Mobile. Officers said they feared they would turn against them if the place was attacked. Home guards and Tennessee battery said they would not fire a shot if they could help it. Force at Mobile fear advance by General Banks. One division of Johnston's army between Meridian and Selma ready to go to Mobile or Chattanooga as required. Five thousand cavalry at Pollard, Ala., to guard against raids. No other force beyond there between Atlanta and Montgomery. There are three floating batteries in harbor of Mobile well manned. If necessary they intend to sink them to obstruct navigation. New breech-loading Whitworth gun on point near Fort Morgan.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

ROSSVILLE, September 21, 1863-2 p.m.

General GARFIELD:

Dispatch received. General Thomas sent you Colonel Minty's report of advance on both our flanks. All quiet at present. General Thomas is making dispositions is accordance with information. My time is by General Rosecrans' watch.

ARTHUR C. DUCAT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Inspector-General.

