
destroy all engines. I ordered Lieutenant Cardy, of the Third Michigan, to count the cars and locomotives, and report the number to me. This he did, reporting the number of engines at 51, and the cars at about 500 (including box, platform, and passenger); much the greater number of these were destroyed by fire.

I had also burned several buildings in which was stored large quantities of commissary stores, and in the cars a considerable quantity of ordnance stores. I had ordered all my force, except the picket, the provost-marshal's guard, and the detail ordered for the purpose of destroying the cars, engines, and shops, to recross the river and encamp for the night, which recrossing was effected by 8 p.m. This was done that in case of an attack I would have the advantage of position, and I could follow the next day in pursuit of the enemy and a large train of wagons sent out on my approach to the city, and could follow without much loss of time.

After I had commenced the destruction of property, and had partially succeeded, I could learn nothing positive in regard to a force of ours being near us from below, and did not earn anything positive or reliable until the arrival of the advance of Colonel Winslow's column, at about 9.30 p.m. The order for the destruction of cars and engines was countermanded by Colonel Winslow on his arrival. Colonel Winslow assumed command and ordered my command to remain at Grenada during the 17th [18th] ultimo.

At 4.30 a.m. of the 18th [19th] ultimo the column left Grenada, proceeding to Oakland, thence to Panola, thence toward Senatobia 12 miles, where my command turned to the right, and I marched through Luxahoma and Bucksnort to Wall Hill, where I sent the First Brigade, under Lieutenant-Colonel Wallace, toward Collierville. With the Second Brigade I moved to Holly Springs, thence to Lamar, where I ordered the detachments of the Second Iowa Cavalry, Third Michigan Cavalry, and Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, under Major Coon, to move toward La Grange whilst I moved via Spring Hill and Saulsbury to pocahontas, where I arrived at 9 a.m. of the 23rd ultimo.

During this expedition nearly 60 locomotives were captured and partially destroyed, and over 500 cars were captured and destroyed. I also burned two large steam-mills, in which was stored several thousand sacks of meal and flour; several machine-shops, the depot buildings and warerooms, as also a considerable quantity of commissary stores stored therein. Up to 8 p.m. I could learn nothing of a Federal force from below which was reliable, but was informed by one or two citizens that a force of ours had captured a train at Durant Station and another at Vaiden Station, but could learn nothing further. Other citizens stated that after the capture of the train at Vaiden, Jackson overtook our forces and retook the train. I had learned that a wagon-train of near 100 wagons had left Grenada, the rear of the train leaving the city about 2 p.m. of the same day on which I arrived. This train was loaded with commissary and ordnance stores, and moved toward West Point, Miss. It was my intention to follow after and capture the train the next day, but at 9 p.m., the brigade from Yazoo City having arrived, and the commanding officer assuming command, I was ordered to remain at Grenada during the next day and succeeding night.

I have to express my regret that, for the good of the service, the instruction from Major-General Hurlbut were not carried out completely, but before this could be done another officer assumed command who acted under different instructions. My reason for this

