
the army. Encamp your command as compactly as practicable where it can be used as a reserve to the Twenty-first Army Corps. You will continue to perform the duties of post commandant, and furnish as many men from your command for fatigue and other duty as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, September 22, 1863-9.05 a.m.

Brig. General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

Colonel Minty reports that the enemy discovered the evacuation at 5.30 this morning. They are advancing. General Brannan reports skirmishing heard in front. Colonel Minty also reports, at 8.30, enemy's massed [mounted] infantry certainly advancing, but steadily. Cavalry seen in front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., September 22, 1863-9.30 a.m. (Received 2.30 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

We have fought a most sanguinary battle against vastly superior numbers. Longstreet is here, and probably Ewell, and a force is coming from Charleston. We have suffered terribly, but have inflicted equal injury upon the enemy. The mass of this army is intact and in good spirits. Disaster not as great as I anticipated. We held our position in the main up to Sunday night. Retired on Rossville, which we held yesterday; then retired on Chattanooga. Our position is a strong one. Think we can hold out right. Our transportation is mostly across the river. Have one bridge. Another will be done to-day. Our cavalry will be concentrated on the west side of the river, to guard it on our left. Telegraph communication will probably be cut off for several days, as we will be compelled to abandon south side of the Tennessee River below this point.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, September 22, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

Dispatch received from your advance saying it was in Athens. My previous dispatches have advised you of the position of affairs here. The demonstration down this side to Byrd Point, as proposed, would be dangerous in present state of affairs and unproductive of

