
good to us; hence I would advise massing your troops and sending them down the west side of the river. If your mounted force is as strong as I suppose, I would suggest uniting it with mine and wiping out the rebel cavalry.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, September 22, 1863-8.30 a.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

We have not a word here as to the whereabouts or condition of your army up to a later hour than sunset Sunday, the 20th. Your dispatches to me of 9 a.m. and to General Halleck of 2 p.m., yesterday, tell us nothing later on those points. Please relieve my anxiety as to the position and condition of your army up to the latest moment.

A. LINCOLN.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., September 22, 1863-5.40 p.m.(Received 9.50 p.m.)

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

Have dispatched daily (Mr. Dana oftener) to the War Department. I trust you will receive those dispatches. We are now in Chattanooga in line of battle, the enemy threatening our whole front; have pushed to our picket line. Whether they will attack to-day uncertain. General Burnside will be too late to help us. We are about 30,000 brave and determined men; but our fate is in the hands of God, in whom I hope.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

VICKSBURG, September 22, 1863.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The following dispatch is just received:

WASHINGTON CITY, September 15,[1863]-5 p.m. (Received 4 p.m.,18th.)

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Memphis:

All the troops that can possibly be spared in Western Tennessee and on the Mississippi River should be sent without delay to assist General Rosecrans on the Tennessee River. Urge Sherman to act with all possible promptness. If you have boats, send them down to bring up his troops. Information just received indicates that a part of Lee's army has been sent to re-enforce Bragg.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

Please order at once one division of your army corps to proceed to re-enforce Rosecrans, moving from here by brigades as fast as

11 R R-VOL XXX, PT I

