
transportation can be had. Orders have been given to detain all steamers available for such purpose. McPherson will send one division.

By order of Major-General Grant:

JNumbers A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

VICKSBURG, MISS., VIA MEMPHIS,

September 22, 1863-10.30 a.m. (Received, 12.40 a.m., 29th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Your dispatch to Major-General Hurlbut of the 15th instant, directing re-enforcements to be sent Major-General Rosecrans, is just received. I have ordered two divisions from here, one from each the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Army Corps. The one from the Seventeenth Army Corps is already on steamboats between Vicksburg and Helena, having been previously ordered to Steele. Hurlbut should be able to send one full division, if not two, besides the troops that may return from the expedition against Little Rock, and I have so directed. General Banks has asked for another division. This, of course, I cannot send him, in view of what you require for Rosecrans. Should more troops be required from here for Rosecrans, there is sufficient time for orders to reach before transportation can be had. An army corps commander will be sent in command of all troops from here.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, September 22, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

I have the honor to state that my corps occupies the center, General Reynolds the right front, General Negley the reserve, and General Brannan the left front, with General Rousseau in reserve.

Very respectfully,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, September 22, 1863.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs that, in addition to the instructions already given you for arranging and adjusting your line, you form a strong line of skirmishers well in front, your right connecting with General McCook and resting near the springs in the vicinity of the hospital buildings, and extending to Chattanooga Creek, if

