
SEPTEMBER 22, 1863-7.40 p.m.

Captain MERRILL:

Enemy's fires 2 miles long front and east-northeast on the ridge, but not many.

SAMUEL BACHTELL,

Lieutenant, and Acting Signal Officer.

OVER THE RIVER, September 22, 1863.

Captain MERRILL:

I can see camp fires north of the tunnel, also on the ridge east of town.

FORAKER.

SIGNAL STATION 2231, NEAR DEPT. HDQRS.,

September 22, 1863-11 p.m.

Captain MERRILL:

The enemy keep up fires along the crest of the mountain in front of General Crittenden's command, and as they burn low they are relit, being much brighter now than an hour since. No lights are seen from this point in front of our center or right.

Respectfully,

H. C. JONES,

Captain, and Acting Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, September 22, 1863-11 p.m.

Major-General CRITTENDEN,

Comdg. Twenty-first Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that all troops occupying rifle-pits be instructed to reserve their fire until the enemy are within close range, and then to deliver their fire by volley and by ranks. Caution your troops not to waste ammunition. This caution is especially necessary to the artillery. From the reports of signal officers, it is possible that the large camp fires on the left and the total absence of them in the center and right is intended as a ruse to cover an attack upon the center or right to-morrow. The general directs that the pickets be directed to listen carefully for any sounds which would indicate the movement of troops, and to notify the commanding officers of troops toward which such sounds are moving, and sending reports to these headquarters also.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Generals Thomas and Sheridan.)

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., September 23, 1863-11.40 a.m.

(Received 10.35 p.m.)

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President:

We hold this point, and I cannot be dislodged except by very superior numbers and after great battle. Immediate disposition should be made for covering our communications by ordering down every available man from Kentucky to Bridgeport and Stevenson, and having all re-enforcements you can send hurried up.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

