
regret is that the railroad is in running order from Panola to Grenada,42 miles; on this portion of the road is an engine and three or four cars in running order. The Mississippi Central Railroad from the Yoh-na-pata-fa River to Grenada, a distance of 36 miles, is in good condition, and one engine and six or seven cars thereon are also in running order. These Colonel Winslow forbade the destruction of, although I had almost effected the destruction before he arrived. From Grenada to Canton, with slight repairs, the Mississippi Central Railroad could be put in running order, and all the engines and cars captured by the brigade from Yazoo City, under Colonel Winslow, with a very few of those which I captured, were left in running order; and for shipments of corn and wheat, of which there is an immense quantity in that portion of Mississippi, these engines and cars will be of immense benefit to our enemies.

During the expedition I captured 58 prisoners, 18 of whom were paroled; the others were brought in. A list of those paroled is herewith sent, marked Exhibit E;* a list of those brought in, marked F.* Several hundred horses and mules were also brought in, of which no full report has been made to me by brigade commanders, but which I ordered them to have regimental commanders turn over to the quartermasters of their respective posts.

In accordance with the instructions I brought in several hundred negroes. From the quartermaster of General Chalmers' staff I took $5,630, Government (Confederate) funds. From other parties captured several thousand dollars were taken, all of which was turned over to the provost-marshal at Pocahontas; receipts marked H. I send herewith the reports of brigade commanders, marked G,+ to which I would refer as to statements of captured property. A list of the wounded and prisoners lost by my command not having been furnished my by brigade commanders, I am unable to make any report in regard thereto.

I am under great obligations to the officers of my command for their compliance with all orders and their prompt discharge of duties. To Major Coon I must award great praise for the energy with which he moved his command and his management of them on the field. The enlisted men of the command exhibited a true and soldierly bearing and conduct, undergoing great fatigue and hardship, the last few days of the expedition subsisting on green corn instead of bread, without murmur or complaint.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JESSE J. PHILLIPS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant R. K. RANDOLPH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigade.

[Inclosure A.]
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, Pocahontas, August 12, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. J. PHILLIPS,Commanding Ninth Illinois Infantry:

Have your regiment in readiness to move at noon with six days rations.

August MERSY,

Colonel, Commanding.

---------------

*Omitted.

+See Nos. 5. and 6,following.

---------------

2 R R-VOL XXX. PO I

