
[Inclosure B.]
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, Pocahontas, August 12, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. J. PHILLIPS,Commanding Ninth Illinois Infantry:

You will move immediately via Ripley and Oxford, where you will from a junction with the column from La Grange.

August MERSY,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure C.]

LA GRANGE, August 12, 1863.

Colonel MERSY;

The cavalry leave here at daylight. Send word to the Ninth Illinois to bear well west, to join cavalry from here, southwest of Salem or near Hickory Flats.

J. K. MIZNER,

Colonel, and Chief of Cavalry.

[Inclosure D.]
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., August 11, 1863.

Colonel J. K. MIZNER,Chief of Cavalry, Left Wing:

You will dispatch as soon as practicable a force of cavalry and mounted infantry, not less than 1,000 men, with six days' rations, to proceed as rapidly as possible to the neighborhood of Water Valley. The object of the expedition is to secure and, if practicable, bring in the engines and rolling stock on the railroad. You will take 50 men of the Engineer Regiment with you, selected by Major Flad. If the enemy commence the destruction, or you find you cannot bring them in, you will cause them to be thoroughly destroyed, especially the iron-works. Wheels and axles are difficult to get in the South. And even if the woodwork had been destroyed by fire, complete it by breaking the wheels and axles. I expect you will meet a column, of about the same number, from General Grant's force below. These were to have left on the 8th. As far as possible let no damage be done the country; we may need the crops. In returning it will be expected that the expedition bring in as many able-bodied negroes as can readily be obtained for troops. Unless the expedition is able to secure the stock, it will take a different route on its return, striking toward such points as the commanding officer deems best for the service.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

[Inclosure H.]

POCAHONTAS, TENN., August 24, 1863.

Received of Lieutenant Colonel Jesse J. Phillips, commanding Ninth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, $8,641.50, Confederate funds, and $3.38 specie, captured during expedition to Grenada, Miss.

W. F. ARMSTRONG,

Captain, Provost-Marshal.

