
WISCONSIN.

Captain Abner O. Heald, 1st Infantry.

Captain William S. Mitchell, 1st Infantry.

Lieutenant Robert J. Nickles, 1st Infantry.

Lieutenant Jairus S. Richardson, 1st Infantry.

Lieutenant Charles A. Searles, 1st Infantry.

Lieutenant Colonel John H. Ely, 10th Infantry.

Captain George M. West, 10th Infantry.

Lieutenant Robert Rennie, 10th Infantry.

Colonel Hans C. Heg, 15th Infantry.

Captain Hans Hansen, 15th Infantry.

Captain Henry Hauff, 15th Infantry.

Captain John M. Johson, 15th Infantry.

Lieutenant Oliver Thompson, 15th Infantry.

Captain Gustavus Goldsmith, 24th Infantry.

No. 6. Dispatches of Charles A. Dana, Assistant Secretary of War.

LOUISVILLE, September 6, 1863.

I arrived here this forenoon, having been much delayed on railroad and steamboats. Finding at Cincinnati that it was impossible to join Burnside by his line of march, I determined to go to Nashville, and thence to Rosecrans. Shall be at Nashville to-morrow. Burnside abandoned his base nearly a fothnight ago, and has since been living on the country. His animals have suffered severely for want of forage; nevertheless, he occupied Knoxville on the 4th instant. Of this event no particulars are known here. He has ordered the Ninth Corps to that place, and it will march at once, though, as it is considerably scattered, some time will be required for its concentration. Its present effective force is under 5,000 men. The effective force with which Burnside set out was under 18,000. Rosecrans has telegraphed to the clergy all over the country that he expected to fight a great battle to-day and desired their prayers.

General Boyle complains that he is unable to get new troops mustered in, although the need for their services is pressing. The ordnance officer here, Boyle says, also throws obstacles in the way of arming even those who have been subjected to the delay of first sending to Washington for General Ripley's consideration and approval.

[C. A. DANA.]

[Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.]

NASHVILLE, September 8, 1863.

I have had this morning a prolonged conversation with Governor Johnson. With regard to the general condition of Tennessee he expresses himself in cheering terms. The occupation of Knoxville he regards as completing the expulsion of rebel power, and he proposes to order a general election for the first week in October. A Governor and other State officers, Legislature, and members of Congress will then be elected. The judiciary, now entirely lacking, he intends to fill by appointment, previous to this election. Judges of the election will also be appointed by him throughout the State. Sufficient means will be taken to prevent all except loyal citizens from voting or being voted for. Slavery he says is destroyed in fact,

