
but must be abolished legally. He is thoroughly in favor of immediate emancipation, both as a matter of moral right and as the indispensable condition of that large immigration of industrious freemen which is necessary to repeople and regenerate the State. He has already declared himself publicly in behalf of unconditional abolition, and will recommend it emphatically to the Legislature when it assembles. He says the great majority of the people of Tennessee are to-day in favor of freedom,their only doubt being about the subsequent status of the negro. He is confident that the Legislature will provide for emancipation, either immediately or at an early day. The time of its meeting will be the first week in December, probably. Respecting military movements, Johson complains of the tardiness of Rosecrans, and of these long months of precious time wasted in the construction of useless fortifications. Rosecrans he regards as a patriot at heart and not a damned traitor like his predecessor; but he has fallen under bad influence and especially under that of his chief of detective police, a man named Truesdail. This man is deep in all kinds of plunder, and has kept the army inactive to enable his accomplices and himself to become rich by jobs and contracts. These statements, it is hardly necessary to say, were made to me confidentially, and were not attended by the allegation of any special facts. Of Gordon Granger, here, Johnson speaks in high terms. I should add that he says he will not himself be a candidate for any office at the coming election.

From North Carolina, he tells me, he has some communications, especially from Holden, of the Raleigh Register. The people of the whole State, and particularly of the western portion, are true to the Union and will seize the first opportunity to free themselves from the Confederate Government. In this respect the occupation of East Tennessee is of the highest importance. There is the center of the whole mountain region with its population of a million and a half, all naturally haters of slavery and of the rebellion. Gordon Granger and Johnson are going to the front to-morrow or next day. I shall go with them. It is but a day's distance by rail. Before leaving Louisville impressive testimony was presented to me of various frauds in the quartermaster's department, there and here. There is an extensive swindle now being consummated at Lousville by the furnishing of two-years old mules on a contract requiring three-year olds.

[C. A. DANA.]

[Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.]

NASHVILLE, September 8,[1863]-7 p.m.

I have spent the afternoon in examining the fortifications for the defense of this place. The principal works are three in number, all on the southern side of the town. One of these, the easternmost, named Fort Negley, is finished, or nearly so, and armed. It is a work of very intricate design, and requires about a thousand men for its garrison. The central work, known as Fort Morton, is scarcely yet commenced. Simpler in design and more powerful when done than Negley. It is situated on a hill of hard limestone, and the very extensive excavations required must all be done by blasting. At the present rate of progress it will take two years to finish it. A part of

