
it, namely, the demilune is its front, is partly done, so far in fact that its parapet might be used as a rifle-pit and might afford some protection to field guns. This work will require a garrison of from 1,500 to 2,000 men. The two redoubts and barracks connecting them, of which its main body consists, will be altogether 700 feet long. The third and westernmost fort is precisely the same in plan as Morton, but is on land that can be easily dug. This fort is about one-quarter done, and can be completed with comparative rapidity and cheapness. The cost of Morton must be heavy.

Nothing new from the front. Judicious men here think there will be no battle, and that Bragg has only the shadow of a force at Chattanooga to delay Rosecrans' advance.

[C. A. DANA.]

[Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.]

BRIDGEPORT, September 10-5 p.m.

We have no particulars of the occupation of [Chattanooga], except that it took place at 10 a.m. yesterday, and that Rosecrans arrived there to-day. The place is held by Crittenden's corps. Thomas is at Trenton, Rosecrans 7 miles farther up the Lookout Valley, and McCook has the extreme right, some 8 miles farther. Of the Reserve Corps the division of Steedman has arrived here, and other troops, making in all 10,000 men, are rapidly approaching. Gordon Granger is here in command of all the forces north of the [river]. To strengthen this part of the army the garrisons between here and Nashville have been reduced to the last degree. Fears of incursions upon the railroad are entertained, especially as it is not known here whether Bragg has taken his cavalry with him. The stock of commissary supplies is running short. There are but insufficient stores at [Nashville] instead of those amply filled deposits which have been reported. The railroad between Louisville and [Nashville[is not transporting these necessaries as rapidly as is requisite, but 16 car-loads being sent over daily, while 65 are but enough. The reserve ammunition train of 800 wagons will be closed up to-night at Stevenson. No further advance of the army can take place until this gets up to Trenton or Chattanooga. There will also be delay in getting the troops closed up ready to move again, I presume. Indeed, it will be ten days before any new step is taken. Probably the depot of commissary and quartermaster's supplies will be brought forward from Stevenson to this place. It will require a month at least to replace the railroad bridge here, of which three-quarters is destroyed. I shall reach headquarters to-morrow.

[C. A. DANA.]

[Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.]

CHATTANOOGA, September 12-11 a.m.

Arriving here last evening I at once found that my report from Bridgeport, that the advance would be stopped and the army concentrated before moving farther forward, was incorrect. McCook and Thomas had both been moved from the Valley of Lookout Creek

