
No. 5. Report of Major Datus E. Coon, Second Iowa Cavalry.

CAMP SECOND IOWA CAVALRY, Germantown, August 25, 1863.

SIR: I have to make the following report in regard to the recent scout and raid on Grenada, Miss.:

In compliance with orders from Colonel E. Hatch, commanding Second Cavalry Brigade. La Grange, Tenn., I started at 5 a.m. of the 13th of this month, with 200 men of the Second Iowa Cavalry, and on arriving at Wolf River was joined by a detachment of 200 men of the Third Michigan Cavalry, and 100 men of the Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, making in all 500 well-mounted men. Leaving the Wolf, we passed through Salem, thence to the Tippah River, which we tents of the wagons and ambulances into an old scow, which we found near by, and ferrying them across by means of a rope which we had taken along.

This difficult fording place was passed just before dark, when we moved on some 2 miles and camped for the night.

At daylight of the 14th we moved on the road toward Hickory Flats, at which place we arrived at 9 a.m. Not finding the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, as instructions stated, moved on to Rocky Ford, at which place we arrived at 3 p.m.

At 5 p.m. all were over the Tallahatchie, and after two hour's march we made Pegee's plantation, a distance of 5 miles, and camped for the night.

At daylight moved on the Oxford road, and at 10 a.m. arrived in that place. The excessive heat rendering it necessary for a long halt, we gathered corn about the town and fed and rested the animals until 2 p.m., when you arrived and I reported to you for orders.

At 2 p.m. we moved on Water Valley road and camped 6 miles below for the night, hoping that before morning we might hear from the First Brigade, which was to meet us at Oxford. During the night, however, the First Brigade reported, Lieutenant-Colonel Wallace commanding.

At sunrise of the 16th we moved on the Water Valley road, reaching the Yoh-na-pata-fa River at 10 a.m., found a good ferry-boat in good order, and immediately commenced crossing. Some 5 prisoners were caught by the advance at this place, who give information of a wagon train of some six wagons that had passed the ferry but an hour before us.

When some four companies of cavalry and infantry were over they were sent in pursuit; they overtook them at Water Valley. The result of the capture was six heavy wagons and six six-mule teams fully equipped and in running order. By our order I turned one full team over to the Third Michigan Cavalry, one to the Ninth Infantry, and one to the Second Iowa Cavalry. There being no use for the remaining three wagons they were ordered to be burned and the mules turned in to the regiments to supply the place of worn-out animals.

At 6 p.m., after a delay of near six hours, in consequence of the First Brigade having failed to close up, we moved out on the Coffeeville road. After a march of two hours a most terrific

rain-storm set in, accompanied by one continual flash of lighting. It was with

