
Thomas seemed to have filled every soldier with his own unconquerable firmness, and Granger, his hat torn by bullets, raged like a lion wherever the combat was hottest with the electrical courage of a Ney.

Every division commander bore himself gloriously, and among brigade commanders, Turchin, Hazen, and Harker especially distinguished themselves. Turchin charged through the rebel lines with the bayonet, and becoming surrounded, forced his way back again. Harker, who had two horses shot under him on the 19th, forming his men in four lines made them lie down till the enemy were close upon him when they suddenly rose and delivered their fire with such effect that the assaulting columns fell back in confusion, leaving the ground covered with the fallen. When night fell this body of heroes stood on the same ground they had occupied in the morning, their spirit unbroken, but their numbers greatly diminished. Their losses are not yet ascertained. Van Cleve had this morning 1,200 men in the ranks, but this number will probably be doubled by evening in stragglers. Neither he, Sheridan, nor Davis fought with Thomas. The divisions of Wood, Johnson, Brannan, Palmer, Reynolds, and Baird, which never broke at all, have lost very severely. We hear unofficially from Brannan that but about 2,000 effective men remain in his division. Steedman lost one-third of his men. Thomas retired to Rossville after battle. Dispositions have been made to resist the enemy's approach on that line, but if Ewell be really there, Rosecrans will have to retreat beyond the Tennessee.

Thomas telegraphs this morning that the troops are in high spirits. He brought off all his wounded. Of those at Crawfish Spring, our main field hospital, nearly all have been brought away. It now seems probable that not more than 1,000 of our wounded are in the enemy's hands, and Rosecrans has sent flag to recover them. The number of prisoners taken by enemy is still uncertain. It will hardly surpass 3,000 besides wounded.

In artillery our loss is probably forty pieces. Many were left because all of their horses had been killed. Of rebel prisoners we have already sent 1,300 to Nashville.

[C. A. DANA.]

[Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.]

CHATTANOOGA, September 21-4.30 p.m.

An intelligent deserter from Bragg's army who came in this morning says he belonged to Johnston's Mississippi army, that it is all here, and that Mobile has been stripped of soldiers. Granger tells me they took prisoners in the battle yesterday afternoon who said they had just come from Charleston.

Confederacy seems concentrated here.

[C. A. DANA.]

[Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.]

CHATTANOOGA, September 21.

Rosecrans has issued orders for all our troops to be concentrated here to-night. Thomas, with the forces at Rossville, will get in about

