
trary to the cartel, and Dr. Flewellen, Bragg's medical director, has notified our surgeons that they will not only be removed to Atlanta, but be confined in prison.

Dr. Perin, medical director, Department of the Cumberland, informs me that he has ample medical supplies, but is temporarily prevented from moving them here from Nashville by the monopoly of the road transporting soldiers. Of medical officers he has already received 8 from Saint Louis, but owing to Bragg's sequestration will need 30 more.

[C. A. DANA.]

[Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.]

CHATTANOOGA, October 4-11 a.m.

No direct advices from McCook's cavalry since Rosecrans' dispatch to Halleck yesterday, but Colonel Palmer, of Anderson Cavalry, on western slope Walden's Ridge, reports last evening that enemy was hotly engaged by McCook, and was retreating toward McMinnville. That place was attacked yesterday morning by another detachment of Wheeler's which had moved by way of Pikeville. The telegraph to McMinnville moderate in amount. Hooker has been ordered to post strong detachments of Twelfth Corps along railroad till this raid is over.

No news of Burnside's cavalry, nor of Crook's cavalry brigade belonging to this army, which was concentrated after enemy had forced the passage of the Tennessee and started in pursuit. Affairs here unchanged; enemy apparently still in force from Lookout Mountain on west to Missionary Ridge on east.

Approximate returns from Chickamauga battle make our total loss 1,536 killed, 8,747 wounded, 4,998 missing.* Of cannon we lost 36 and captured 2. Of rebel prisoners we took 2,005. Assistant Surgeon Walton, Eighty-sixth Indiana, captured by rebels and since released, reports that he was on battle-field during Monday and Tuesday after contest, and carefully endeavored to ascertain enemy's comparative loss. He concludes it was double ours, and many Confederate officers thought so too. Even on Wednesday they had not yet finished burying their dead or begun to bury ours. The Atlanta Appeal of Wednesday last states that the rebel wounded had all been moved there from the field, except 2,500 cases which could not bear removal. Same paper says Bragg has two hundred guns, including some siege guns, bearing on Chattanooga.

I ask your attention to the case of General Negley. Being ordered to post himself behind Baird's division in the battle of Chickamauga, he seems to have sent one of his brigades somewhere to the left, but General Baird tells me it did not come to him. With the remainder of his force Negley took up a position out of fire in the rear, and a little to the left of the place from which he had been ordered to move, and there remained doing nothing till about noon, when the conflict had grown hot, when he marched his troops to Rossville without firing a shot, leaving the rest of Thomas' corps to fight the desperate battle without help from him. These facts were stated to me by

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 171.

---------------

