
suggest to you that I ought to have a new cipher with many more arbitrary words and combinations less easy to discover. You ought also to deal with your faithless subordinates who betrayed me.

[C. A. DANA.]

[Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.]

CHATTANOOGA, October 5.

General R. S. GRANGER,

Nashville:

GENERAL: I am informed that on the evening of the 20th ultimo, or soon afterward, you were in possession of part or all of a dispatch of mine to the Secretary of War. Will you kindly oblige me by telling me if my information be correct, and, if so, by whom this dispatch was communicated to you?

Yours, very respectfully,

C. A. DANA.

CHATTANOOGA, October 5-4 p.m.

About 1 o'clock rebels opened from batteries planted on eastern slope of Lookout Mountain, and also from 2 guns on the west base of Missionary Ridge, and have been firing steadily but not rapidly since. On Lookout and low spur thereof, which stretches eastwardly toward Chattanooga Creek, they fire 7 guns in all. They are apparently shooting to get the range. No damage done. Knoxville Register, now issued at Atlanta, says, in its impression of 3rd instant, that Polk and Hindman have come to Atlanta under arrest, by order of General Bragg, for disobedience in second day's battle.

[C. A. DANA.]

[Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.]

CHATTANOOGA, October 6-4 p.m.

Result of rebel bombardment yesterday was that 1 private artilleryman, Stanley's brigade, Negley's division, Fourteenth Corps, had foot shattered and leg amputated. No other casualty. Firing not yet resumed to-day. Chattanooga Rebel, 4th instant, published at Atlanta, says re-enforcements are constantly going forward to Bragg. Stevenson's division went up last Saturday. This is a Vicksburg division. Tennessee here fell 4 inches last night, and the remaining trestle bridge is safe for the present. New pontoon bridge nearly completed. A boom of heavy logs is being stretched across above the bridges to guard them against objects that may be sent down the river by the rebels. Baldy Smith, appointed chief engineer of the department, infuses much energy and judgment into that branch of the operations. The news of consolidation of the two corps reached here last night in a Nashville newspaper; not having been previously promulgated it caused sensation. Crittenden was much excited; said as the Government no longer required his services he would resign to-day. At any rate, he would not hibernate like others, drawing pay and doing no work. He has admirable qualities of character. McCook takes it easily.

