
CHATTANOOGA, October 10-2 p.m.

No demonstration from enemy. Union people from Cleveland report Bragg's main body retiring to Dalton. General Pillow has taken command of conscript bureau at Marietta. Buckner has taken command of Polk's corps. Lieutenant-Colonel Napier, commanding Eighth Georgia Battalion, advertises $2,800 reward for 96 deserters from seven companies.

President Davis is positively announced as on his way to visit Bragg's army.

The reorganization of our forces here, consequent on consolidation of the two corps, is nearly complete. The combination of divisions and brigades is as follows:

Fourth Corps.-First Division, Major-General Palmer: First Brigade, Cruft, nine regiments, 2,044 men; Second Brigade, Brigadier-General Whitaker, eight regiments, 2,035 men; Third Brigade, Colonel Grose, eight regiments, 1,968 men. Second Division, Sheridan: First Brigade, Brigadier-General Steedman, ten regiments, 2,385 men; Second Brigade, Brigadier-General Wagner, eight regiments, 2,188 men; Third Brigade, Willich, nine regiments, 2,069 men; Third Brigade, Brigadier General Samuel Beatty, eight regiments, 2,222 men.

Fourteenth Corps.-First Division, 2,072 men; Second Brigade, Brigadier-General King, four regiments regulars and four regiments volunteers, 2,070 men; Third Brigade, Brigadier-General Starkweather, eight regiments, 2,214 men. Second Division, J. C. Davis: First Brigade, Morgan, five regiments, 2,285 men; Second Brigade, Colonel Daniel McCook, six regiments, 2,099 men. Third Division, Brigadier-General Baird: First Brigade, Turchin, seven regiments, 2,175 men; Second Brigade, Colonel Van Derveer, seven regiments, 2,116 men; Third Brigade, Colonel Croxton, seven regiments, 2,165 men.

This does not include those portions of the late Reserve Corps which still remain as garrisons along the railroad and elsewhere in Tennessee. It does, however, include the troops under General Morgan who have occupied Stevenson, Bridgeport, and Battle Creek until relieved by Hooker. It is intended to divide Tennessee into two districts, the northern commanded by General R. S. Granger, having his headquarters at Nashville, and the southern under General Johnson, having his headquarters at Stevenson.

The department staff is also reorganized by the appointment of Major-General Reynolds chief of staff, General Smith chief engineer, and General Brannan chief of artillery. The artillery, heretofore serving one battery with each brigade, will now be attached to divisions only, three batteries to each division, the remainder being organized as a reserve.

These changes, and especially the remarkable strength of the new staff, cannot fail to add much to the discipline and efficiency of the army.

McCook and Crittenden have just left.

[C. A. DANA.]

[Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.]

