
the most direct route from this place to the crossing of the Tallahatchie River, at Abbeville, Miss., passing thorough on my way Byhalia, Tallaloosa, Cox's Corners, and Waterford.

At Byhalia we met a squad of the enemy and gave chase. One of my men, belonging to the Ninth Illinois Cavalry,being dressed in citizen's dress, having arms, was wounded by one of his comrades in the chase. Too much care cannot be given to the matter of dress of soldiers by commanding officers of companies and regiments.

I camped the night of the 13th at the plantation of Mr. Withers.

On the 14th instant, when about 10 miles southeast of Byhalia, near the house of Mrs. Craven, my advance guard (Company M, Fourth Illinois Cavalry, Captain Hitt commanding) ran on to the enemy and opened fire, which was returned, and opened fire, which was returned, and Roderick Justin, private of that company, was slightly wounded in the upper arm.

About 1 mile north of Cox's Corners the same advance captured Private Dickson, Captain Middleton's company, Major Chalmer's battalion, bearing a dispatch from Captain Middleton to Major Chalmers, informing him of our approach.

The crossing of the Tallahatchie was very difficult and slow, occupying all the night of the 14th instant and until 11 a.m. of the 15th instant, at which time I moved forward, passing through Oxford, Miss., at about 4 p.m. of that day, camping that night at the plantation of Mr. Buckner, 2 1/2 miles south of Oxford.

August 16. - I started at daylight, overtaking the rear of the Second Brigade about 9 a.m., where Lieutenant-Colonel Phillips, Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, assumed command of both brigades.

Near the crossing of the Yoh-na-pata-fa River, at the mouth of Taylor's Creek, I captured 2 of the enemy, privates, belonging to Major Chalmers' battalion.

As the pioneer corps of the First Brigade (Lieutenant Hyde, Fourth Illinois Cavalry, Commanding) was crossing the Yoh-na-pata-fa the boat sunk, drowning 1 negro. This delayed my crossing for about two hours. After crossing, I proceeded to Water Valley, pursuant to orders from Lieutenant-Colonel Phillips. A halt was ordered at this place for one hour to feed the stock, and then to move on that night to Coffeeville, but a most terrible rain-storm and the pitchy darkness of the night rendered a forward march utterly out of the question.

At daylight of the 17th we left Water Valley, and proceeded without incident or casualty through Coffeeville to within 5 or 6 miles of Grenada, when, by order of the lieutenant-colonel commanding. I sent forward one section of the battery attached to the Ninth Illinois Cavalry, under Lieutenant Butler, of that regiment, with Company A, Ninth Illinois Cavalry, and Companies M, E, and K, fourth Illinois Cavalry. Here I also sent the Third Illinois Cavalry, under Major O'Connor, to a station on the Mississippi Central Railroad where there were some rolling stock. I pushed forward my column and soon received orders to send forward the other section of the battery, all under the command of Captain Perkins, Ninth Illinois Cavalry, and by order of the lieutenant-colonel commanding I proceeded with the balance of my command to the lower ferry across the Yalabusha; just before I reached the bank of the river I received orders to push into town to destroy rolling stock. I pushed on through the river into town; but before we reached the scene of destruction I received orders to push my command across the river again without delay, which I did, and moved out to Stateam [?] Sta-

