
as well as to add some further details of what occurred during and subsequent to that event.

Soon after joining this army, in February, 1863, my attention was directed, first, to the diet of the men, the method of cooking, &amp;c., which resulted in the publication of Department General Orders, Numbers 76. The medical officers generally took a great interest in the matter, and I may safely say the health of the command was much improved in consequence. While this subject was receiving the attention it deserved, a large tent hospital was established near the railroad, on the banks of Stone's River, off capacity sufficient to accommodate 1,500 patients. This hospital was provided, as far as practicable, with movable furniture, such as light cots of the Chicago pattern, bed sacks, camp kettles, &c. As soon as the tents were erected, patients were sent to that point instead of to the hospitals in the town of Murfreesborough. A large garden was planted near the hospital, which soon afforded an abundant harvest of vegetables.

Ambulance trains were organized in accordance with the provisions of Department General Orders, No. 41, and subsequently modified by Paragraph I, Department General Orders, No. 62, series 1863. I will remark, in this connection, that the ambulance master was not a commissioned officer and could not, consequently, exercise the authority necessary to secure efficiency; next, there were no men detailed to assist in placing the wounded in or in taking them out of the ambulance. The ambulances were receipted for and held under the control of the quartermaster's department.

The regimental ambulances were found to be almost useless for general service in transporting wounded, because they were used as carriages and for transporting personal baggage and other freights, so that, when required for legitimate use, they were either out of order or the animals were broken down.

So seriously were these defects experienced that I recommended for adoption the plan of an ambulance corps and train arranged upon the same basis as that in use in the Army of the Potomac. [See Department General Orders, No. 2, current series.]

In the month of May and early in June the regiments drew supplies for three months; reserve supplies were also provided for each army corps, consisting mostly of those articles required for the treatment of wounded men, and a reserve supply of hospital tents. Each regiment was allowed a hospital tent.

During the month of May the sick were sent to Nashville as fast as a due regard for their welfare would permit, so that by the time the army was ready to make the advance, there was enough room in the various hospitals of Murfreesborough to accommodate all that could not march.

The buildings used as hospitals in the town were vacated first, that they might be thoroughly aired and purified by whitewashing. These buildings were not re-occupied until the wounded brought from the battle-field of the gaps were placed in them.

The medical officers, after the experience of Shiloh, Perryville, and Stone's River, were alive to the necessity of thorough organization, and cheerfully acquiesced in the adoption of the plan proposed in Circular Numbers 4, from the Surgeon-General's Office.

The command prior to setting out on the campaign was in fair health, the sickness being but 5,6 per cent. This rate remained

