
tion, Mississippi Central Railroad, and went into camp for the night. During the night Major O'Connor rejoined me with his command.

August 18.-We remained all day in camp without incident.

August 19.-We moved in advance of the forces on the road to panola, Miss., passing through Oakland, crossing the Yocona on that road, camping for the night about 1 mile north of the river.

August 20.-By order of the colonel commanding, my command moved in the rear of the column; arrived in Panola without casualty worthy of note about 12 m., the troops in advance of me getting across the Tallahatchie about 4.30 p.m. I proceeded to cross my command, finishing about 6.30 p.m., and moved out about 6 miles on the Memphis road to camp.

August 21.-This morning I was ordered to take the advance. I moved north to a point about a mile north of Dr. Wallace's plantation, where I turned to the right, taking the road leading to Tuxahoma. After feeding I took the road for Bucksnort, where I camped for the night. During this day, after I had left the Memphis road, I ordered details from each company ad forage parties, all from each regiment to be placed under the command of a commissioned officer, six days' rations having been ordered, and this being the ninth day out, and we still two days' march from home. This a.m. Captain Lee, Company F, Third Illinois Cavalry, was accidentally shot by one of his men; wound probably mortal.

August 22.-I again took the advance this a.m., and moved on the road from Bucksnort to Wall Hill, at which place I took the road to Byhalia, under orders to proceed to camp, which I did without incident. The Ninth Illinois Cavalry proceeded to Germantown that night.

The Fourth Illinois Cavalry went into their camp at this place, and the Third, after resting here over night, proceeded to their camp at la Fayette.

I learned in the afternoon of the 22nd that the forage party of the Ninth Illinois Cavalry, sent out under Lieutenant Shattuck on the morning of the 21st, had not returned to the column, and since coming into camp I learn that they got behind the column,missed the road, and attempting to cross the Coldwater, were attacked by the enemy from both sides, and 14 of the party and 15 stand of arms are missing.

Casualties.-Captain W. S. Lee, Company F, Third Illinois Cavalry, dangerously wounded by accidental shot by one of his company.

Jasper Bonds, private, Company C, Third Illinois Cavalry, slightly wounded in heel.

First Lieutenant and Adjt. William McEvoy, Third Illinois Cavalry, captured while straggling.

Peter F. Summers, private, Company M; James Mooney, John R. Stephens, and Albert Gilbert, Company C, Third Illinois Cavalry, captured by the enemy while straggling.

Roderick Justin, private, Company M, Fourth Illinois Cavalry, wounded in the arm while on duty as extreme advance guard.

Charles W. Jones, corporal, Company G, severely wounded by kick of mule on back of his head.

Fourteen soldiers, with horses, arms, and equipments, from the Ninth Illinois Cavalry, are missing, supposed to have been captured.

