
Parrotts. Fourth Indiana Battery, Lieutenant Flansburg commanding: Two 12-pounder Napoleons, two 6-pounder James rifles, two 12-pounder howitzers. Battery A, First Michigan, Lieutenant G. W. Van Pelt commanding: Six 10-pounder Parrotts.

These batteries were charged upon by overpowering numbers of the enemy, and the loss of guns is to be attributed to the want of supports.

Second Division.-Company M, First Ohio Artillery, Captain F. Schultz commanding: Four James rifles, two 3-inch rifled guns. Company G, First Ohio Artillery, Captain A. Marshall commanding: Four 12-pounder Napoleons, two 3-inch rifled guns. Bridges' [Illinois] Battery, Captain L. Bridges commanding: Two 12-pounder Napoleons, four 3-inch rifled guns.

The loss in Bridges' Battery is attributed to want of support.

Third Division.-Fourth Michigan Battery, Captain J. W. Church commanding: Two 10-pounder Parrotts, two 6-pounder James rifles, two 12-pounder howitzers. Company I, Fourth U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant

F. G. Smith commanding: Four 12-pounder Napoleons. Company C, First Ohio Artillery, Lieutenant M. B. Gary commanding: Four James rifles, two 12-pounder Napoleons.

The loss of guns in this division, as will be seen by the reports, was owing to the giving way of light supports. It would seem that all that could be done by both battery officers and men to save them was done.

Fourth Division.-Eighteenth Indiana Battery, Captain Eli Lilly commanding: Six 3-inch rifled guns, four mountain howitzers. Nineteenth Indiana Battery, Captain S. J. Harris commanding: Four 12-pounder Napoleons, two 3-inch guns. Twenty-first Indiana Battery, Lieutenant Chess commanding: Six 12-pounder Napoleons.

The batteries of this division held important positions and did good service. No report has been received at my office, up to this time, of the Eighteenth Indiana Battery, serving with Colonel Wilder.

TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS.

First Division.-Second Minnesota Battery, Lieutenant A. Woodbury commanding: Two 10-pounder Parrotts, four 12-pounder Napoleons. Eighth Wisconsin, Lieutenant J. D. McLean commanding: Two 12-pounder Napoleons, four 3-inch guns.

The Fifth Wisconsin Battery, being on duty with Colonel Post's brigade, was not engaged. The batteries of this division met with but slight loss in men or materiel.

Second Division.-Fifth Indiana Battery, Captain P. Simonson, commanding: Four 6-pounder James rifles, two light 12-pounder guns. Company A, First Ohio Artillery, Captain W. F. Goodspeed commanding: Four 6-pounder James rifles, two light 12-pounder guns. Twentieth Ohio Battery, Captain E. Grosskopff commanding: Four 3-inch rifled guns, two light 12-pounder guns.

The batteries of this division acted with respective brigades, and held well the positions to which they were assigned. The part taken by Captain Goodspeed's battery is much commended. Their loss shows that they were handled with good judgment.

Third Division.-Company G, First Missouri Artillery, Captain H. Hescock commanding: Four light 12-pounder guns, two 10-pounder Parrotts. Company C, First Illinois Artillery, Captain Prescott

