
commanding: Four 3-inch rifled guns, two 12-pounder howitzers. Eleventh Indiana Battery, Captain A. Sutermeister commanding: Four 12-pounder light guns, two 3-inch rifled guns.

These batteries were not seriously engaged on the 19th, and the losses sustained occurred after our troops gave way on the 20th.

TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS.

First Division.-Sixth Ohio Battery, Captain Cullen Bradley commanding: Four 10-pounder Parrotts, two light 12-pounder guns. Eighth Indiana Battery, Captain George Estep commanding: Four 6-pounder smooth-bore guns, two 12-pounder howitzers.

The Tenth Indiana Battery, belonging to this division, was not engaged, being with General Wagner's brigade at Chattanooga. The two batteries engaged acted under the orders of their brigade commanders. These batteries were well handled, but the loss of the Eighth Indiana was owing to no supports being at hand [as reported by Captain Estep].

Second Division.-Company B, First Ohio Artillery, Lieutenant N. A. Baldwin commanding: Four James rifles, two 6-pounder smoothbore guns. Company M, Fourth U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant F. L. D. Russell commanding: Four 12-pounder Napoleons, two 24-pounder howitzers. Company H, Fourth U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant H. C. Cushing commanding: Four 12-pounder howitzers. Company F, First Ohio Artillery, Lieutenant G. J. Cockeril commanding: Four 6-pounder James rifles, two 12-pounder howitzers.

The batteries of this division were all well handled, and held during the entire fighting their position, punishing the enemy severely, and repulsing him at several points.

Third Division.-Third Wisconsin Battery, Lieutenant C. Livingston: Four 10-pounder Parrotts, two 12-pounder howitzers. Seventh Indiana Battery, Captain George R. Swallow: Four 10-pounder Parrotts, two 12-pounder Napoleons. Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Battery, Captain A. J. Stevens: Four 6-pounder smooth-bore guns, two 6-pounder James rifles.

The batteries of this division had, for the most part, very unfavorable ground, and their loss in men and material may be attributed to the fact that the heavy masses of the enemy could get within very short range before the batteries could open upon them. Captain Drury, chief of artillery of the division, was severely wounded in a skirmish several days before the battle. Captain Stevens, commanding Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Battery, was killed early in the engagement of the 20th, the command of the battery devolving upon Lieutenant S. M. McDowell.

RESERVE CORPS.

Eighteenth Ohio Battery, Captain C. C. Aleshire commanding: Six 3-inch rifled guns. Company M, First Illinois Artillery, Captain George W. Spencer commanding: Four 12-pounder Napoleons, two 3-inch rifled guns. Company I, Second Illinois Artillery, Captain C. M. Barnett commanding: Two 12-pounder Napoleons, two 6-pounder James rifles, two 10-pounder Parrotts.

I regret that I have no official report of the part taken by these batteries, or of their losses. They, however, held important positions on our left, and did good service, without serious loss.

