
From personal observation and investigation, I am fully convinced that all or nearly all the batteries engaged were as well posted as the nature of the country would permit, and although our loss of guns was large, it would have been much larger but for the great efficiency of the officers in charge of batteries and the good conduct of the men; but four cases of cowardice have been reported to me.

As important changes in the artillery arm are now being made in the department, it is unnecessary for me to make suggestions which the experience of the last battle would dictate. The accomplished soldier now at the head of the artillery department will, I am sure, much improve the efficiency of this arm.

We have to deplore the loss of Captain A. J. Stevens, Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Battery, who died like a hero defending his guns; a more gallant soldier or a purer patriot is seldom found. Lieutenant Burnham, Company H, Fifth Artillery, nobly lost his life in defense of his guns; he was a young man of promise, and in his death the army sustains a loss.

Lieutenant Van Pelt, commanding First Michigan Battery, well known and appreciated in this army, fell like a hero at his post.

Lieutenant Bishop, Bridges' Battery, brave and efficient, an honor to his profession, fell, gallantly doing his duty.

Lieutenant Lynch, First Ohio, died a true soldier, while advancing on the enemy.

I beg leave to call to the favorable notice of the general commanding the following officers and non-commissioned officers, for meritorious service, coolness, and bravery in battle, and for efficiency in their duties:

Lieutenant McElroy, Sixth Ohio Battery; Lieutenant Smetts, Sixth Ohio Battery; Lieutenant Woodbury, Second Minnesota Battery; Lieutenant Williams, Eleventh Indiana Battery; Lieutenant Belding, Company A, First Ohio Artillery; Lieutenant Scovill, Company A, First Ohio Artillery; Lieutenant Flansburg, Fourth Michigan Battery; Lieutenant Temple, Bridges' Battery; Lieutenant Rodney, Company I, Fourth Artillery; Lieutenant Butler, Company M, Fourth Artillery; Lieutenant Floyd, Company H, Fourth Artillery; Lieutenant Lackey, Nineteenth Indiana Battery; Lieutenant Stackhouse, Nineteenth Indiana Battery; Sergt. Edward Downey, Third Wisconsin Battery; Sergt. T. J. Myers, Company I, Fourth Artillery; Sergt. Charles Ellis, Company I, Fourth Artillery; Sergt. S. H. Jennings, Company G, First Missouri; Corpl. J. W. Fletcher, Third Wisconsin Battery.

I inclose herewith the reports of the battery commanders and chiefs of artillery, to which I would call the attention of the general commanding; I also inclose statement of losses in men and materiel all of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES BARNETT,

Colonel, and Chief of Arty., Dept. of the Cumberland.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

