
Lookout Mountain at High Point and Summertown from seeing and reporting their movements.

On the night of the 20th the officers were ordered in from High Point and those on the point of Lookout Mountain ordered to send their wagons and horses to camp, to retain three days' rations, and remain there as long as possible.

On the evening of the 23rd, the regiment sent there as a guard was attacked by what was supposed to be a largely superior force. It was deemed imprudent to keep the position any longer, and that night, in accordance with orders from the commanding general, they were withdrawn.

On the 21st, at Rossville, a short line was established from that front to a point near General Thomas' headquarters.

It is not easy to distinguish between officers who do and officers who do not do their duty, when they are scattered along lines of such length and over so large an extent of country that they cannot be under the personal observation of the person reporting them. The reports of the transmission of messages, and the time occupied, gives this more truly than anything else. These reports have not all been made, and I can only say that so far as my own observation goes, the officers and men of this detachment have all labored hard and zealously to accomplish the end for which the corps was formed. At times we have failed as much through my own error as any other cause. I would ask that it be remembered in excuse for this that the system is almost a new one, and now only being fully developed. Without any books of instruction or precedents to guide us, the signal corps has been made what it is, and with the experience which our work gives us, and the advice and direction of those over us, we hope to bring it to the full standard of usefulness.

I have to report Lieutenant George W. Landrum, a valuable and efficient officer, as missing. He was dispatched by General Thomas with a message for General Rosecrans, on the afternoon of the 21st instant, since which time nothing is known of him. Private William L. Vorhis was wounded same day, and is also missing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JESSE MERRILL,

Captain, and Chief Sig. Officer, Dept. of the Cumberland.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Cumberland.

HDQRS. SIGNAL CORPS, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, October 31, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this detachment for the month ending to-day. In order to do it I will have to begin with last few days in September, during which some of the lines and stations were established that have been worked during this month.

On the 24th of September a high hill on the west side of the town known as Cameron's Hill was occupied, timber cut away, a lookout built on top of a tree, and communication opened with these headquarters. Officers were stationed at every available point along our front, and every point at all valuable for observation was occupied. Several of these stations were connected by signal, but owing to

