
wood and other obstructions it was found easier and more rapid to use couriers.

On the 25th of September a station was established on Stringer's Ridge, 4 miles up the river, communicating with Cameron's Hill station. It was established as a station of observation. A better point having been found, Crane's Hill, this station was moved to that point on the 27th, and communication opened.

On the 27th, officers were ordered to different stations on the line to Jasper, and the line was reported open on the 29th. This line was kept open until October 12, when the telegraph line having been completed, all the stations beyond Bob White's, in accordance with orders from General Rosecrans, were taken up. The stations on Walden's Ridge and at Bob White's were left for observing the movements of the enemy on the opposite side of the river along the base of Raccoon Mountain. They were made very useful afterward [when the telegraph was cut and every courier who ventured along the road was shot by a concealed rebel on the opposite side of the river from the road] as a means of reaching the courier line at a point from which they could reach telegraphic communication with safety. On the 20th communication was established between Fort Whitaker, a point on the opposite side of the river directly opposite the point of Lookout Mountain, and Cameron's Hill.

On the night of the 26th an expedition under General Smith crossed the river at Brown's Ferry. Four officers were sent out with it, and on the morning of the 27th after our troops had taken position communication was established with Cameron's Hill. Three stations are now being worked, connecting with Cameron's Hill. Three stations are now being worked, connecting General Smith with his brigade commanders. During the night of the 28th General Hooker connected his left with the troops of General Smith, having marched down Lookout Valley from Wauhatchie Junction. On the morning of the 29th, 2 officers were sent to him, and communication was opened in the afternoon of that day. I will be able to report more fully with reference to these expeditions when I receive the reports of the officers who are with them. Much valuable information has been collected by the officers on stations of observation with reference to the movements, number, and position of the enemy.

The field telegraph was used to connect the stations at Bob White's and Crown Point, department headquarters was connected with each of the corps headquarters, and the Morse instrument used for some days. Our own instruments were then put in, connecting Generals Rosecrans' and Thomas' headquarters, and the line taken up to the headquarters Twentieth and Twenty-first Corps, as there was no further use for them. On the 27th a line connecting these headquarters with Cameron's Hill was established.

What we have accomplished during the month has been done under great difficulties. Forage could only be obtained by hauling it for 20 or 30 miles. For awhile we were able to supply ourselves, but the distance it had to be hauled grew greater as the roads grew worse, until the rains made them totally impassable except for wagons double teamed.

General Rosecrans directed that all the animals that could be spared be sent to where forage could be obtained. We sent all but a very few of our horses, and since then have been compelled to send all to keep them from starvation. Officers have done duty on foot, and been exposed at night because we could not transport their tents to their stations, and am glad to say they have done so without a

