
murmur. We have been as efficient as possible under the circumstances, and I know have rendered good service.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JESSE MERRILL,

Captain, and Chief Signal Officer.

Colonel ALBERT J. MYER,

Signal Officer of the Army.

Numbers 12.

Report of Surg. Israel Moses, U. S. Army, Medical Director, Post of Chattanooga.

OFFICE OF MEDICAL DIRECTOR OF POST, Chattanooga, Tenn., October 1, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to orders, I repaired to this post, and, arriving September 18, reported to the commanding officer as medical director. Receiving orders from you to prepare beds for 5,000 wounded, I found scant supplies for not more than 500, and buildings capable of holding that number built by the Confederates and occupied as a hospital, with about 150 sick already in. Also a large building, two stories high, built by the Confederates as a receiving hospital, capable of holding 150. These buildings were without doors or windows and destitute of every convenience.

A partial supply of medicines, blankets, furniture, and dressings was on hand, estimated for 1,000 men, but deficient in many articles. I selected several buildings which might be converted into hospitals.

On September 19, Saturday, an engagement took place about 7 or 8 miles distant, and was renewed with great fierceness during the forenoon of the 20th [Sunday], during which our wounded numbered over 6,000. On this and the following day [Monday], as nearly as I can estimate, 4,000 wounded officers and men were received and assigned to various buildings and private houses, hotels, and churches. The following general hospital were established during Sunday and Monday:

Numbers 1. Buildings [13] on the hill, which received nearly 1,000.

Numbers 2. Receiving hospital at base of hill, which received about 300.

Numbers 3. Crutchfield Hotel, which was taken possession of, and accommodated, on beds and floors, about 500.

Numbers 4. Three churches, which held about 200.

Numbers 5. Lofts over buildings occupied as the commissary storehouses, which received about 300.

Numbers 6. Buildings opposite the above, which accommodated 400.

Numbers 7. Officers' Hospital Numbers 1, a large brick building on a hill, which received 100 officers.

Numbers 8. Officers' Hospital Numbers 2, a large private mansion, which received 35.

Numbers 9. Private houses were taken late at night, and about 150 to 200 obtained shelter.

All the severe cases were dressed the same night they arrived, and other the next day, and all received food, of which many had been deprived for two days.

This work was performed by a corps of 43 surgeons who reported

