
to me either by your order or as volunteers [of whom 4 were Confederate medical officers].

About three-fourths of the wounds were flesh, or of a lighter character, the other fourth being of the gravest character inflicted by musketry.

Few shell wounds or by round shot were seen, owing to the fact that little artillery was employed by the enemy.

On Monday the lighter cases were sent across the pontoon bridge, and on Tuesday others to the number of nearly 3,000. The officers who could bear transportation were sent in ambulances toward Stevenson.

On Wednesday not more than 800 of the gravest cases remained in town, and many of them have since been removed to the camp hospital.

Owing to the establishment of division hospitals there remains under my charge only Hospital Numbers 1, the Crutchfield Hospital, and Officers' Hospital.

Into these hospitals were received, on the evening of September 29, about 250 wounded, who were brought in from the Confederate lines.

Our hospitals are at the present time crowded beyond their capacity, and should they thus continue it would render a serious fear in my mind that our operations would be unsuccessful.

I have performed a large number of amputations and resections in the several hospitals, all of which thus far promise well.

Operations have been performed by various surgeons, in charge of hospitals and on the field, with a fair amount of success thus far.

The amputations have been mostly circular mode. To this date five cases of tetanus have come to my notice, but none of hospital gangrene or erysipelas.

The general condition of the patients is good, but our hospitals are greatly in need of bunks and mattresses, at least one-third of the grave cases being still on the floor, with only a folded blanket to lie on.

In view of the increasing risk of so many patients with suppurating wounds being crowded together, I would respectfully suggest an early provision for increased accommodations by tents with flooring, and that new temporary pavilions be constructed out of some incomplete buildings south of the railroad depot.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. MOSSES,

Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers, Medical Director of Post.

Surg. G. PERIN, U. S. Army,

Medical Director, &amp;c.

Numbers 13.

Report of Major General George H. Thomas, U. S. Army, commanding Fourteenth Army Corps.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, Tenn., September 30, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the operations of my corps from the 1st September up to date, as follows, viz:

General Brannan's division crossed the Tennessee River at Battle

