
ton, Eleventh Michigan, Colonel J. G. Parkhurst, commanding Ninth Michigan Volunteers, and provost-marshall Fourteenth Army Corps, at the head of his regiment, did most valuable service on the 20th, in arresting stragglers and reorganizing the troops which had been driven from the field. His report is herewith inclosed, and special reference made thereto for particulars.

I also tender my thanks to the members of my staff for the services they rendered me. To Lieutenant Colonel G. E. Flynt, my assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Colonel A. J. Mackay, chief quartermaster; Lieutenant Colonel J. R. Paul, chief commissary of subsistence, who, although not present on the field of battle, were discharging their duties in their respective departments entirely to my satisfaction. Lieutenant Colonel A. von Schrader, Seventy-fourth Ohio, assistant inspector-general, who rendered most efficient service as aide-de-camp during the first day's fight, and who was taken prisoner on the afternoon of the 19th while in the discharge of his duty; Major W. E. Lawrence, First Ohio Artillery, my chief of artillery; Captains J. P. Willard and S. C. Kellogg, aides-de-camp; Captain J. D. Barker, First Ohio Cavalry, commanding my escort; Captain W. B. Gaw, chief topographical officer Fourteenth Army Corps, as also the signal officers of the corps, who did duty on the field as aides, and were of great assistance in conducting the operations of my command. Surgs. F. H. Gross, medical director, and H. C. Barrell, medical purveyor, were untiring in their efforts to relieve the wants of the wounded. Dr. Gross was wounded early in the engagement Sunday, but continued in the discharge of his duties. Captain G. C. Moody, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry, commissary of musters, also rendered efficient service as aide-de-camp. Captain Johnson, Second Indiana Cavalry, of General Negley's staff, and Captain T. C. Williams, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry, of General Baird's staff, having been cut off from their respective commanders, reported to me for duty, and were of great assistance as aides.

I submit herewith annexed a consolidated report of the casualties of the Fourteenth Army Corps.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Brig. General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland.

A D D E N D A.

[CHATTANOOGA, TENN., September 30, 1863.]

General THOMAS:

Your report says you received my dispatch of 12.15 p.m., directing you to retire on Rossville. This is an error in the hour of the dispatch. I did not leave the battle-field until after that hour, nor reach Chattanooga before 3.40 p.m.

Please have the error corrected. The first dispatch to you must have been written as late as 4.15.

W. S. ROSECRANS.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 171.

---------------

