
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, March 9, 1864.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

GENERAL: It is stated by a newspaper correspondent that on the 19th of January you were serenaded by the Ninth Ohio Regiment, and on that occasion declared to some of the officers of the regiment that you had praised them in your official report of the battle of Chickamauga, and then added:

I wanted to do justice to the regiment, and I cannot understand why-I feel sorry-that the War Department saw fit to curtail my report so as to leave this out.

I presume that you are aware that the only copy of your report which has yet been published was the rough draft furnished by you to Major-General Rosecrans, that officer being in great haste to make out his own report. General Rosecrans gave this rough draft which you had sent him to Mr. Villard, the correspondent of the Tribune, and it was published in that paper. The final report which you sent to Washington was, so far as I am aware, never seen by Mr. Villard. I am confident that you have not imputed to the War Department the mutilation of any official documents, but it seems proper that you should be aware of a statement which pretends to be made on the authority of your own language.

I am, general, with great regard, yours, faithfully,

C. A. DANA.

ITINERARY OF THE FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS.*

August 1.-Corps headquarters and Second and Third Divisions at Decherd, First Division at Cowan, and Fourth Division at University Place.

August 10.-First Division left Cowan for a point on the railroad between Anderson and Stevenson, Stanley's brigade of Second Division relieving them at Cowan.

August 16.-Second Division entire moved from Decherd to a point a little north of Stevenson.

August 17.-Third and Fourth Divisions were moved to the Sequatchie and Battle Creek Valleys.

Corps headquarters moved on the 18th from Decherd.

The positions of the divisions on the 21st stood as follows, viz: Corps headquarters at Bolivar, Ala., First Division at Anderson Station, Second Division 2 miles north of Stevenson, Third Division at Battle Creek, and Fourth Division at Jasper, operating at and near Shellmound, also in front of Chattanooga and Harrison's, which places were shelled by Colonel Wilder on the 21st.

Preparations made by the whole command to cross the Tennessee River on or about the 1st of September.

Numbers 14.

Report of Surg. Ferdinand H. Gross, U. S. Army, Medical Director.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE, Chattanooga, Tenn., October 11, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report as regards the medical and hospital supplies, the means of transporta-

---------------

*From return for August.

---------------

