
tion of the sick and wounded, and the general transactions of the medical department of the Fourteenth Army Corps, since its passage of the Tennessee River up to the time of reaching Chattanooga.

The regiments and batteries were all abundantly supplied with medicines and surgical instruments, the latter having, previous to our march, been thoroughly inspected and repaired by an expert.

Aside from the usual regimental supplies, which are transported in the hospital wagons and accompany the regiments, we were provided with a reserve supply, consisting of hospital tents, blankets, sheets, hair pillows, shirts, drawers, bed-sacks, surgical instruments, bandages, lint, mess-chests [including cooking utensils], concentrated milk and beef, liquor, chloroform, and such other medicines, surgical apparatus, and hospital stores as experience has taught to be most needed and useful in emergencies in the field.

These supplies were in possession of the medical purveyor of the corps, subject to my order. They were transported in a train of 15 army wagons. Although these reserve supplies had been drawn upon since our advance from Murfreesborough in June last, they were still deemed ample in quantity.

The four divisions of the corps were each provided with a train of 30 light two-horse ambulances, under the general control of the corps and division medical directors. In addition to these, each regiment and each battery had permanently attached to it 1 ambulance, which is usually driven in the rear of these commands. This arrangement of our ambulances has operated more satisfactorily than any other that has yet been tried in this army.

Before the command entered upon the march it was directed that all men who were sick and who, in the judgment of the medical officers, would not be able to endure the fatigues of the campaign should be sent to the General Field Hospital at Stevenson.

The First Division crossed the river at Bridgeport on the 4th of September, and on the 7th reached the valley between Raccoon and Lookout Mountains, where it remained in camp for two days. The march was continued on the 10th, crossing Lookout Mountain and encamping in McLemore's Cove. On the 11th it was ordered to close up on the Second Division, which had crossed the river at Caperton's Ferry on or about the 1st of September, and had continued its march in advance of the First Division, without interruptions, until it reached a point near Dug Gap, in Pigeon Ridge, where the enemy was encountered. About 7 a.m. on the 11th, the First Division closed up on the Second, and shortly before noon skirmishing began. Surgs. S. Marks and R. G. Bogue, the respective directors of the First and Second Divisions, established the hospital at Mrs. Davis' house, in the rear of the line of battle. Eight or 10 wounded had been brought in, when it was noticed that our forces began to retire. The wounded were promptly removed by ambulances; first to Bailey's Cross-Roads, and finally to Stevens' house, at the foot of Lookout Mountain, near Stevens' Gap. No wounded were left upon the field.

The casualties of the affair were as follows:

Command	 Killed	 Wounded

First Division	 2	 5

Second Division	 9	 22

Total	 11	 27

