
rather well disposed toward us, many of them meeting us very cordially.

The next day (Tuesday, the 18th) the command was moved for Memphis by the Hernando road, and in the afternoon a detachment of infantry, under command of Adjutant Dent, of the Eighty-ninth, and a squad of cavalry, under command of Lieutenant Fulton, were sent to reconnoiter, and, if possible, to arrest the said Cyrus Smith and others, taking with them a negro who professed to be well posted with the paths, and well acquainted with the men and their respective places of residence. Smith and Scales were found at the residence of Smith, but discovered their approach in time to make their escape, but were fired on and pursued some distance. The negro then informed the detachment of the place where the guerrillas were in the habit of concealing their horses, and on examination of the premises, in a very dense undergrowth of timber, they found a mare, saddle and bridle, new, and probably manufactured in Memphis. The negro professed to know the mare, and represented her as belonging to Captain Foster of Forrest; I am not positive as to the name. The mare and equipments are here subject to your order, as she was brought in by the cavalry and remains in their possession. The men were tired an short of rations; otherwise, they might have arrested some of the parties they went out after.

The next day we marched as far as Nonconnah Creek without interruption, and without making the discovery of any rebels; but a detachment that I sent back and across to the Horn Lake road, on their return to the command, reported that they were informed by a lady that some 50 rebel cavalry had been seen by her, and that they were lying in ambush as we passed along the road. Whether this statements is correct or not I cannot say.

From all the circumstances I concluded that there are in the neighborhood below and in the vicinity of the Hernando and Horn Lake roads some resident cavalrymen and some recruiting officers, and that they probably have a small camp some 2 or 3 miles, but am inclined to think that their number, all told, would not exceed 25 or 30 men, unless they were brought in from other neighborhoods. The command all arrived safely at their respective camps on yesterday, about 8 a.m., the officers and men of the Eighty-ninth Regiment Indiana Infantry much improved in sprites, and in health also, as I have reason to believe.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

HERVEY CRAVEN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. 89th Ind. Inf. and Cav. Scouts.

Major JAMES O. PIERCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Memphis.

P. S. - I almost forgot to say that during the night of the 17th, while at Hernando, the pickets on the road leading to Coldwater were attacked by about 30 men on foot, but supposed to be dismounted cavalry. One of the pickets was struck with a buckshot, but was not seriously injured. The attacking party being sharply resisted by the pickets fled and did not return.

