
The wounded were well cared for at this temporary hospital, and on the 16th, after consulting the general commanding the corps, I directed the wounded and those of the sick who were hospital cases to be sent to Chattanooga by the Chattanooga Valley road. A medical officer and a number of nurses were detailed to accompany this train. I regret to say that, up to this time, 2 of the wounded had died. Three were so seriously injured as not to be transportable, and, by the direction of the medical director of the Second Division, a medical officer was detailed to remain and take care of them.

The Third Division moved from the mouth of Battle Creek and effected the passage of the Tennessee River by the evening of the 3rd of September, with the loss of 3 men by drowning. This command also crossed Raccoon and Lookout Mountains, reaching the southeast side of the latter on the forenoon of the 13th without any casualties.

The Fourth Division, having crossed the river at Shellmound, marched over the above-mentioned mountains, and arrived in McLemore's Cove about the same time with the division last referred to. I regret to say that the medical director, Surg. O. Q. Herrick, and the brigade surgeons of the command, who were subsequently captured at the battle of Chickamauga, still remain in the hands of the enemy, preventing me in a great measure from furnishing an account of those incidents of the march that might be of interest to our branch of the service without having been furnished with the particulars.

I respectfully refer to an encounter with the enemy which took place on the 11th and 12th of September, in which the Seventeenth and Seventy-second Indiana and Ninety-second Regiment Illinois Volunteers were engaged, and sustained the loss of 8 killed and 19 wounded.

Our forces were heavily pressed by the rebels, and as soon as the wounded were removed from the field they were sent to Chattanooga for treatment.

The manner in which both officers and men accomplished the laborious and fatiguing marches over the rough mountains, with a frequent scarcity of water, and through the dusty valley roads of this sandy region, where the atmosphere about the moving columns was at times almost suffocating, has demonstrated in a marvelous degree the power of endurance of our troops.

On the 17th of September the command commenced moving toward the left, and continued marching in that direction, when early on the morning of the 19th it was discovered that the enemy confronted us. Our troops were rapidly placed in line of battle on the grounds now known as the "Chickamauga battle-field." The Second Division, however, had been left at a point near Crawfish Spring, about 4 1/2 miles distant to the right.

On the morning of the 19th one brigade of this division became engaged with the enemy at that point. The wounded of this affair were conveyed to hospitals which were about being established in that vicinity.

Upon information received from Asst. Surg. D. Bache, assistant medical director, Department of the Cumberland, that Crawfish Spring was intended for the principal depot for the reception of the wounded, the directors of the Second and Fourth Divisions of this corps at once commenced establishing their division hospitals at that place, making use of the regimental hospital supplies for that purpose.

