
Frederick Corfe, Asst. Surg. William P. Hornbrook, Asst. Surg. D. D. Benedict, Asst. Surg. C. O. Wright, Asst. Surg. A. H. Landis.

I have been informed by Surg. O. Q. Herrick, from the enemy's lines, that all the medical officers with him have been paroled to report to the commandant of the post at Atlanta as soon as relieved from taking care of the United States sick and wounded prisoners.

The conduct of the medical officers of this corps has, with few exceptions, been highly commendable. Special mentions have been made in division reports, which will be forwarded to Surg. G. Perin, medical director, Department of the Cumberland. I refer especially to the services of the following:

Surg. S. Marks, medical director, First Division; Surg. R. G. Bogue, medical director, Second Division; Surg. M. C. Tollman, medical director, Third Division; O. Q. Herrick, medical director, Fourth Division, and the efficient medical purveyor of the corps, Asst. Surg. H. C. Barrell.

Arrangements have been made to get an accurate list of the names of the wounded, including those sent to the hospitals in the rear. When this has been accomplished in a satisfactory manner a copy will be forwarded. At present I add only the following estimates of numbers:*

Fourteenth Army	 Killed	 Wounded	 Total

Corps

First Division	 200	 650	 850

Second Division	 71	 491	 562

Third Division	 325	 1,642	 1,967

Fourth Division	 109	 725	 834

Total	 705	 3,508

 	 	 4,213

It is believed by the director of the First Division that future information from those marked as missing on other reports will swell this estimate of wounded in that command.

While attempting to reach the Third Division hospital, on the morning of the 20th, in company with the topographical engineer, Captain Gaw, I received a slight wound in the neck, by a musket ball, not disabling me, however, for duty.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. H. GROSS,

Surg., U. S. Vols., Medical Director, 14th Army Corps.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 15.

Report of Colonel John G. Parkhurst, Ninth Michigan Infantry, Provost-Marshall.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, PROVOST-MARSHALL'S OFFICE, Chattanooga, September 27, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Ninth Regiment Michigan Infantry, provost

---------------

*See revised statement p. 171.

---------------

