
guard to the Fourteenth Army Corps, in the advance upon the enemy, from Stevenson, Ala.

Agreeably to orders received from corps headquarters, the regiment marched from Bolivar at 6 o'clock on the morning of the 3rd of September, in charge of headquarters train, and continued to move with the general commanding, from day to day, up to the morning of the 17th, performing the usual provost duties of the corps.

On the 15th one company of the regiment was detailed as a guard to the supply train and sent to Stevenson.

On the 17th I was ordered to take the train to Dickey's Post-Office, on the Valley road.

On the evening of the 17th the regiment and train was again moved to the headquarters of the general commanding.

On the evening of the 18th, by direction of the general commanding, the regiment in charge of the train moved on to the Valley road in rear of Crawfish Spring and camped for the night.

On the 19th, by direction of the general commanding, I moved the train into Chattanooga and parked it on the bank of the Tennessee River.

About 9 o'clock in the evening of the 19th, Dr. Gross, medical director, ordered the medical supply train to the hospital established for the Third Division on Missionary Ridge. Deeming it unsafe to send the medical supply train without a guard, I left one company in camp to guard the balance of headquarters train, and on the morning of the 20th I left Chattanooga with eight companies of my regiment in charge of the medical train, intending to take it to the battle-field. I reached Rossville without any difficulty and proceeded up the Dry Valley road to a point on the ridge to the right and rear of the field hospital, and about 1 1/2 miles from it, where Dr. Barrell, medical purveyor, reported to me that the hospital to which I was going had fallen into the hands of the enemy.

I immediately sent Adjutant Duffield forward to ascertain the position of the troops, and as to the truth of the report of Dr. Barrell, and meantime halted the train and regiment and stacked arms. Before my adjutant returned, and about half past 12 o'clock, many stragglers from the front began to make their appearance. I deployed two companies of the regiment on the right and left of the road and arrested the stragglers as they came up and organized them into companies.

About 1 o'clock a large body of troops, several batteries, and transportation wagons came rushing through the woods and over the road in the utmost confusion. I formed a line of battle across the road with fixed bayonets, and with much difficulty succeeded in checking the stampede. I at once put the troops thus stopped in position to resist a pursuing force, the artillery under command of Captain Hitchcock [Hotchkiss] and the stragglers under command of Major Jenney, of the Ninth Michigan. The troops from the front continued to rush on toward my line in great confusion, and at this moment I discovered Major-General Crittenden, of the Twenty-first Army Corps, with some of his staff. I immediately rode up to him and respectfully asked him to stop and take command of the forces I was collecting and had then collected, and place them in a position to resist an attack or take them back to the battle-field, which I then supposed and now believe could have been successfully accomplished. Major-General Crittenden declined to take command, saying. "This," meaning the forces there collected, "is no command for me." I re-

