
marked to the general that the force I then had collected and should succeed in collecting was too much of a command for me. General Crittenden replied, "You have done marvelously well and you had better keep command." Just at that moment a sergeant reported to General Crittenden that a large force of the enemy was advancing upon the left flank of my line. General Crittenden suggested that I had better change the position of my force to meet the attack, which I at once commenced doing, and General Crittenden proceeded to the rear. Before I had taken a new position General Crittenden's aide came to me, and said that the general requested that I should take the force I had and move it with the trains on the road in as much order as possible to Chattanooga, which would be our next point for making a stand. Agreeably to this request I ordered the wagon trains into the road, headed toward Chattanooga, and put my regiment and the force in command of Major Jenney in the rear and moved quietly down the road some 3 miles to a large open field, where I found a captain of the Anderson Cavalry collecting stragglers in our advance. Soon after reaching this point General J. C. Davis arrived and assumed command and took the management of reorganizing the straggling troops. I soon afterward saw Lieutenant-Colonel Ducat assisting in the reorganization, and soon thereafter Major-General Negley arrived and took command. Major-General Sheridan also came up with a small force.

I directed Lieutenant Dobbelaere, of the Ninth Michigan, to take the medical train into Chattanooga, which he did, and I reported to Major-General Negley with my regiment and a regiment of stragglers for duty. That portion of the army which retreated and left the field was at this point reorganized under the direction of Major-General Negley, and moved on to Rossville and placed in position, the Ninth Michigan Infantry forming a part of a brigade.

I remained under command of Major-General Negley until about 2 o'clock on the morning of the 21st, when, by direction of the general commanding, I put my regiment in a position to enable me to arrest stragglers from the field in the anticipated battle of the 21st. During the engagement on the 21st I arrested a large number of stragglers, and sent them to their commands in the field, and by direction of the general commanding, forwarded 167 to the provost-marshall-general at Chattanooga, with directions to have them sent to Nashville for trial as cowards and skulkers from the battle-field. Many of these last-named were arrested leaving the field with their arms, which I took from them. The most of the arms thus taken have since been put into the hands of returned convalescents who have been forwarded to their commands.

On the night of the 21st I retired with my regiment to Chattanooga, since which time it has been on provost and fatigue duty at corps headquarters and at the corps hospitals.

I append hereto a statement of casualties in the corps since crossing the Tennessee River. Also a statement of the number of prisoners captured by this corps from the enemy.

I remain, colonel, your obedient servant,

J. G. PARKHURST,

Colonel, Comdg.9th Mich. Infty., and Prov. March,14th L. C.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, and Chief of Staff.

