
Mountain, but was delayed there until night by trains of other divisions in advance of me.

On the 6th, after a day of hard labor, I got my troops, artillery, and wagons upon the mountain, and late at night went into camp at Warren's Mill, 4 miles from the summit.

On the 7th I moved on, descended the mountain, again detained by troops and trains in our front; and leaving the Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers to work the road down the mountain, encamped at a late hour of the night in Lookout Valley at the junction of Lookout and Hurricane Creeks.

On the 8th and 9th I remained in camp, waiting for General Negley in front to get over Lookout Mountain.

On the 10th, in obedience to orders to unite with General Negley in McLemore's Cove, I labored hard during the whole day, and at 10 o'clock at night had only got my troops, artillery, and portion of my train to the foot of the mountain in Stevens' Gap, and was compelled to leave the rest of my train on the summit with a regiment to guard it.

On the 11th I moved forward with the portion of my force present, and joined General Negley near the entrance to Dug Gap in Pigeon Mountain. We here had an encounter with the enemy, which forms the subject of a separate report, hereto attached, and at night fell back to Stevens' Gap.

During the 12th, my men having been under arms all night, and having had no sleep for two nights, were still kept in position, awaiting an attack from the enemy. General Brannan came up during the day, and taking Colonel Scribner's brigade I united with him in a reconnaissance to Dug Gap, and returned at night.

During the 13th, 14th,15th, and 16th we remained in camp at Stevens' Gap, awaiting the arrival of Major-General McCook, the first of whose divisions arrived on the 16th.

On the 17th we marched to Bird's Mill, on the Chickamauga, and encamped between there and Owens' Ford.

On the 18th received orders in the afternoon to march to the left by way of Crawfish Spring, which place we reached about midnight, and there received orders for our dispositions next day.

On the 19th and 20th were engaged with the enemy, the events being reported separately; the reports herewith annexed.

On the 21st, after collecting our forces at Rossville, we fell back to this place, bringing in the pickets and covering the retreat. We reached here on Monday, the 22nd instant.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BAIRD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Fourteenth Army Corps.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Stevens' Gap, Ga., September 11, 1863.

COLONEL: In obedience to orders from the major-general commanding, I moved on the 10th instant with the First and Second Brigades of my division from Johnson's Crook, Lookout Valley, to cross Lookout Mountain and unite with Major-General Negley's

