
I must likewise mention for the zeal, energy, and efficiency with which they discharged their duties. It is the best method I have of thanking these officers.
My losses, considering the amount of powder expended by the enemy and the circumstances in which we were placed, are remarkably small. We fired but little, yet I am satisfied inflicted far greater loss on him.

My list of casualties is as follows:

Private Benjamin Singer, Company E, Second Kentucky Cavalry, orderly at these headquarters, severely wounded.

First Brigade.-Killed, Corpl. Daniel M. Pope, Company B, Thirty-eighth Indiana Volunteer Infantry. Wounded severely, Private Frank M. Kelly, Company B, Thirty-eighth Indiana Volunteer Infantry. Wounded mortally, Private William Nofrey, Company C, Thirty-eighth Indiana Volunteer Infantry. Prisoners, Sergt. W. H. Hutsler, Company E, Thirty-eighth Indiana Volunteer Infantry; Private Isaiah Carter, Company E, Thirty-eighth Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

Second Brigade.-Killed, First Lieutenant Robert J. Nickles, First Wisconsin Volunteers, aide-de-camp; Private F. J. Stearns, 4th Indiana Battery. Wounded, Sergt. H. A. Youngs, Fourth Indiana Battery.

Recapitulation.-Total killed, 3; wounded, 4; prisoners, 2.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BAIRD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

REPORT OF THE OPERATIONS OF THE FIRST DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, IN THE BATTLE OF CHICKAMAUGA CREEK, SEPTEMBER 19-21, 1863.

Being encamped upon Chickamauga Creek, between Bird's Mill and Owens' Ford, with the divisions of General Brannan on my right and General Negley on my left, I received orders on the 18th instant from the major-general commanding to move immediately to the left, lower down the creek, for the support of General Crittenden's corps, as the enemy appeared to be gathering in that direction.

The road being encumbered by troops in advance, I did not reach Crawfish Spring, the headquarters of the army, until near midnight, when we halted a short time until the way was clear, and then I received my final orders from the general commanding.

Under the direction of a guide, I was to take a road which, leaving the Chattanooga road near Widow Glenn's, came into the State road from Chattanooga to La Fayette at Kelly's, about 3 miles north of Lee's Mills. I would thus pass around the rear of General Crittenden's corps, located about that mill, and come into position on his left. I was to post one brigade on the west of the State road, facing toward the south, and my other two brigades on the east of it. General Brannan, following me, was to post his division on the prolongation of my left. I reached the point indicated about daybreak, and posted General Starkweather on my right, Colonel Scribner in the center, the right of his brigade upon the road, and the regular brigade, General King, upon the left. General Thomas arrived upon the ground almost immediately after these dispositions were made,

