
regiments and the battery to follow in the train, and take position with my command at Bailey's Cross-Roads, which point was then held by Brigadier-General Beatty, commanding First Brigade, Second Division. Upon my arrival General Beatty took another position farther to the rear, and I immediately placed myself in position to protect the passage of the train and troops from an attack of the enemy, said to have been in large force designing an attack on that point. Upon learning from the rear guard that they were closely pursued by the enemy's cavalry, I sent a company of 40 men to picket the road, who were suddenly charged upon by the enemy's cavalry in the darkness and 2 of our men were taken prisoners. Upon the arrival of another company, sent as a support, they disappeared.

I maintained this position until next morning, and after assuming several intermediate positions was ordered to occupy the ground I now hold.

My casualties were as follows: Thirty-eighth Indiana Volunteer Infantry-Killed, Corp. Daniel M. Pope, Company B; wounded severely, Private Frank M. Kelly, Company B; wounded mortally, Private William Nofrey, Company C; prisoners, Private Isaiah Carter, Company E, and Sergt. W. H. Hutsler, Company E.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. SCRIBNER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FIRST DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, near Chattanooga, Tenn., September 25, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part my command took in the battles of the 19th and 20th instant:

On the evening of the 18th instant we marched from Bird's Mill, on the Cove road, and passing headquarters at Crawfish Spring we arrived at daylight at the intersection of the La Fayette and Chattanooga roads, about 10 miles from the latter place. We took position in the center of the division, on the left and at right angles with the road, the Second Brigade on the other side with its right thrown forward, the First Michigan Battery, Lieutenant Van Pelt, near the road between the two brigades.

I formed in two lines; the Thirty-third Ohio, Colonel Moore, Second Ohio, Lieutenant-Colonel Maxwell, in the first line; the Tenth Wisconsin, Lieutenant-Colonel Ely, and the Ninety-fourth Ohio, Major R. P. Hutchins, the second line. The Thirty-eighth Indiana, Lieutenant-Colonel Griffin, was sent farther up the road to protect our rear from surprise. Skirmishers from the whole division were thrown forward, and Major Beatty, Second Ohio, was places in charge. While thus disposed General Brannan's division arrived and passed up the road and into the woods on our left. It was rumored that a part of General Granger's forces on our left had cut off a brigade of the enemy and that General Brannan was going in to capture them. Sharp firing was soon heard in that direction, and soon after I was ordered to change the direction of my lines, with my rear on the road, and advance, conforming as much as possible with the direction of the regular brigade on my left. I left the second brigade in its position on the road; also my battery,

