
again south of road. From this point an advance was made about sundown, going to within a few hundred yards of the former position, and relieving many of the wounded that had been left on the field in the afternoon.

The lines of General Johnson's command on our right were attacked vigorously at this time, driving in their left and advancing on our position. Our left, in consequence of not being joined by Third Brigade, was exposed to a flank movement, and very soon the enemy came in at this point, advancing in the darkness and pouring in a volley of musketry on our flank that caused the line to retire a few hundred yards to prevent their gaining our rear in the darkness. Here the brigade was formed, and about 9 p.m. we marched to position near Chattanooga road, remaining until 4 a.m. of the 20th, when the brigade again moved into position south of Chattanooga road, my command occupying the right of first line, connecting with left of Second Brigade, supported by a section of artillery. Here temporary breastworks of logs, rails, and stones were quickly thrown up, and about 8 a.m. the enemy in force moved on our position, and after three attempts to advance, each of which was handsomely repulsed with heavy loss to the enemy, they retired in some confusion, and did not again renew it on our immediate front in force until about 4.30 p.m., when, after their desperate attack on the right, they again pressed their forces against our position [this time supported by a battery that hurled the grape around us in showers], and were again handsomely checked with heavy loss.

About this time, near 5 p.m., an order reached me through Captain Cary, acting assistant adjutant-general, division staff, that the army was ordered to retire. I directed the captain to your headquarters, continued my fire with renewed vigor on the enemy, and awaited your orders, until seeing regiment after regiment of Second Brigade and the section of artillery on my right move rapidly to the rear, nothing was left me but to follow or suffer total capture, as the enemy pressed up the hill at once on the departure of the Second Brigade, and immediately on my flank. At this point I ordered the command to retire, and moved on the double-quick through the corn-field, crossing Chattanooga road, and again reforming my command on the wooded hill beyond about sundown. Here, having become temporarily separated from the brigade, I reported to Brigadier-General Cruft, and asked that I might move with, and as part of, his command. This was granted, and soon after moved with it on the road to Rossville. Hearing of your being on the road with balance of brigade, and General Cruft having to wait the arrival of part of his command, permission was given me to advance, which was done, joining you at Rossville, and going into bivouac about 9 p.m.

About 11 p.m. marched for Chattanooga, but ere it was reached about-faced and returned to vicinity of Rossville, bivouacking on side of road, and remaining in this position until 1 p.m. of the 21st, receiving and issuing ammunition and rations. At this hour, skirmishing having commenced on the front, we moved rapidly forward, gaining position on range of hills, throwing up temporary breastworks, and there awaiting the enemy's advance. At 4 a.m. of the 22nd, received your order to retire, acting as rear guard to the command, and did so successfully, arriving at Chattanooga and going into our present position about 8 a.m.

I cannot close this report without commending to your considera-

