
tion both officers and men for their coolness, courage, and perseverance under the trying scenes through which they have passed. Cheerfulness and readiness to act has marked their conduct on every occasion. To Captain William L. Carter, Company E, acting major, I am indebted for much valuable assistance throughout the whole affair. My command went into action with an aggregate strength of 354 officers and men, and lost as follows:
Casualties	 Officers	 Enlisted men	 Total

Killed	 ---	 10	 10

Wounded	 3	 45	 48

Wounded and	 1	 11	 12

missing [in hands

of enemy]

Missing [in hands	 ---	 39	 39

of enemy]

Grand total*	 4	 105	 109

Accompanying I transmit list of casualties.+

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant.

D. F. GRIFFIN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. 38th Indiana Vol. Infantry

Lieutenant GEORGE H. DEVOL,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brig., 1st Div., 14th A. C.

Numbers 22.

Report of Captain James Warnock, Second Ohio Infantry.

BIVOUAC SECOND OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, In the Field, Chattanooga, September 25, 1863.

SIR: The Second Ohio Regiment, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel O. C. Maxwell, Colonel A. G. McCook being absent on detached duty, marched with the brigade of Colonel Scribner on Friday evening, September 18, from Bird's Mill; passed Crawfish Spring, and soon after daybreak arrived at the crossing of the La Fayette and Chattanooga road. The command was halted there and formed into line of battle. About 8 a.m. two brigades passed our regiment toward the left of the field, and soon afterward heavy firing of musketry was heard in that direction. The First Brigade was put in motion, the Second Ohio being in the front line of battle, and marched in the direction of the firing, but keeping somewhat to the right. In half an hour the regiment came within sight of the enemy and opened a rapid and steady fire, advancing all the time, firing, loading, and cheering loudly. The enemy in a few minutes gave way and fled, leaving about a dozen killed and wounded in our immediate front, also about 15 or 20 prisoners, who were sent to the rear. A section of Martin's [Georgia] battery was in our front. The regiment killed all the horses belonging to one of the guns, and it was left on the field by us because we had no means to bring it off.

The firing here ceased in front, and our line was halted about

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 171.

+Omitted.

---------------

