
The loss of our field officers, Lieutenant-Colonel Maxwell and Major Beatty, which is greatly deplored, and the temporary illness of Captain Mitchell, left the regiment under my command. Of our commissioned officers, Lieutenant-Colonel Maxwell, Major Beatty, and Lieutenant Purlier are wounded; Major Beatty, Adjutant Thomas, Captain Randall, Captain Gallaher, Lieutenants Purlier, McCune, Teeter, and Assistant Surgeon Carmichael are missing.

Our effective force on the evening of the 18th was 18 officers and 394 men. Our loss known is: Killed, 8; wounded, 49; missing, 124, including the above officers.*

The regiment fired about eighty rounds of cartridges in the battle.

Respectfully,

JAMES WARNOCK,

Captain Second Ohio Vol. Infty., Comdg. Regiment.

Lieutenant DEVOL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 23.

Report of Colonel Oscar F. Moore, Thirty-third Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. THIRTY-THIRD REGIMENT OHIO VOL., INFTY., Chattanooga, Tenn., September 24, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following statement of the part taken by the Thirty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the engagement near Crawfish Spring, on the 19th and 20th instant:

Having moved during the night of the 18th from Bird's Mill to a point about 3 miles east of the spring, at daylight on the morning of the 19th the brigade was formed in line of battle, with the right of the Thirty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry resting on the east side of the State road, and the line extending east parallel with a fence in front, and connecting with the Second Ohio on the left. Immediately across the road on our right, on more elevated ground, was posted a section of the First Michigan Battery. On the right of that again was the Second Brigade in line, and on the left of the Second Ohio was the Third Brigade. Our line was nearly at right angles with the State road.

Shortly after our line was formed the Third Division of the Fourteenth Corps began to arrive, and upon being informed by Colonel Dan. McCook that a brigade of rebels had been cut of and was only a short distance in front, one of the brigades of that division was sent by General Brannan to engage them. In a short time heavy firing was heard on the left and front of us and immediately our entire division was ordered to advance. The Second Ohio marched by the left flank, filing left until the right reached where the left had rested, when it moved by the right flank in line of battle, bearing of in an easterly course; the Thirty-third also marching by the left flank until its right reached where its left had rested, when by order of the brigade commander it marched by the right flank in line of battle, wheeling to the left so as to form quite an obtuse angle with the Second Ohio, and thus continued its march, obliquing, however, to the left and occasionally marching by the left flank so as to keep up

---------------

*See revised statement, p.171.

---------------

