
close connection with the right of the Second. The enemy was soon encountered, but was driven before us steadily, and with considerable loss to them in killed, wounded, and prisoners.

While thus advancing, information, which at the time was deemed reliable, reached us that Palmer's division was in our front, and in order that we might be unmasked and hold a position on their left, the brigade obliqued rapidly to the left, and in the meantime the Second Brigade fell to the rear, thus leaving our right entirely unprotected, unless, as was reported, Palmer was really there. The enemy having disappeared from our front, the brigade was halted near a corn-field and the lines readjusted. The Thirty-third was wheeled to the left and advanced so as to form a continuous line with the Second, while the Thirty-eighth Indiana and Tenth Wisconsin, then forming the second line, were wheeled to the right and advanced so as to form a line at right angles with us and connect with and cover the right. The First Michigan Battery in the meantime was brought into position on the right, between the Thirty-eighth Indiana and Tenth Wisconsin. Immediately after this the enemy made a most furious attack in front and simultaneously threw an overwhelming column on our flank. The assault on the flank was so irresistible and the column so heavy as to force, in a few moments, the Thirty-eighth Indiana and Tenth Wisconsin from their position and endanger the battery. Our right flank being thus exposed, and the regiment subjected to a most murderous enfilading fire, without being able to confer with the brigade commander, in order to avoid annihilation or capture, the regiment was ordered to fall back, which it did; but on account of the heavy fire of artillery and musketry upon its flank and rear, its retreat was confused and disorderly, amounting almost to a rout, so that it was impossible to rally it until it had reached the State road. Our loss in this engagement was heavy.

About 3 p.m. the brigade was brought together, reformed, and marched to the front to support Johnson's division, where we remained, without being actively engaged, until after dark, when we were withdrawn to an adjoining field to bivouac during the night.

About 4 o'clock on the morning of the 20th the regiment moved from its bivouac with the brigade to the east, about 400 yards, and formed in line of battle, our right resting on the left of the Ninety-fourth Ohio, and our line forming with its line an obtuse angle. Temporary works of stones and logs were thrown up in the edge of the woods, on a gentle slope, in front of that again the ground descended, covered with a light growth of timber. Behind these works the regiment was posted and fought during the day. About 8 a.m. our entire line, formed by Johnson's division on the right, our division in the center, and a portion of Negley's division on the right, our division in the center, and a portion of Negley's division on the left, was fiercely assaulted by a large force, said by prisoners to be under the command of Breckinridge. The fighting was very severe with both artillery and musketry, and for awhile the result was doubtful, but finally the enemy was repulsed and driven back with great slaughter.

With the exception of occasional skirmishing and the annoyance of sharpshooters, resulting in a few casualties, among which I regret to note the death of our gallant Major E. J. Ellis and the severe wounding of Captain George P. Singer, no more serious fighting occurred on our front until near 4 p.m., although for several hours evident preparation had been going on for a heavy attack. About 4

