
eighth Indiana. When the brigade was moved forward to the support of the troops engaged on our front, I threw out two companies [B and G] as skirmishers. They had been deployed but a few moments when a volley was discharged into the left of the regiment. So close were the enemy that we could plainly see into the barrels of their muskets at each discharge. The regiment fell back to an open field at the foot of the hill, and from there we moved to our place off bivouac for the night.

On Sunday my regiment was placed in the front line on the left of the Thirty-eighth Indiana and right of the Thirty-third Ohio. During the day we maintained the same position. A few were here wounded, among them Lieutenant Cushman, Company A. When the enemy made their last charge in the evening we felt confident of holding our position, and after the right gave way I gave the command to fall back twice before the regiment started. As was generally the case the regiment was considerably scattered, and it was some time before the command was all got together, the officers who rallied squads having considerable difficulty in finding the remaining portions. There are but few absent from the regiment now unaccounted for. Those that are missing are, I have but little reason to doubt, prisoners in the hands of the enemy.

During the two days' fight the regiment showed decided courage and coolness. Notwithstanding the heavy losses of Saturday the men went forward on Sunday cheerfully and willingly. Many instances of bravery among the men came under my notice which I shall take occasion to reward. I cannot, in justice, close this report without bearing testimony to the gallantry of my officers. They all did their duty. Captain Edmonds deserves special mention for his conduct in assisting in rallying the command on two different occasions. Lieutenant James Mitchell showed great personal bravery when skirmishing, and when the regiment was engaged. Adjutant Sherlock proved himself an efficient officer, and to him, in the absence of the colonel and lieutenant-colonel, I am indebted for much valuable assistance.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RUE P. HUTCHINS,

Major, Comdg. Ninety-fourth Ohio Vol. Infantry.

Lieutenant GEORGE H. DEVOL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 25.

Report of Captain Jacob W. Roby, Tenth Wisconsin Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS TENTH WISCONSIN INFANTRY, Chattanooga, September 23, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the Tenth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry during the late engagement:

The regimental marched from near Stevens' Gap on the night of the 18th instant to within 10 miles of Chattanooga. Saturday morning, September 19, we were ordered to advance on the enemy in the second line of battle with the brigade. After advancing a short distance we received a fire from the enemy, but they were driven some distance through the woods. At this time we were ordered up in the front line on the right of the brigade. We threw out skirmish-

