
ers and soon engaged the enemy; our skirmishers were soon driven in and the enemy advanced on us in heavy force. We held our position a few moments, but the enemy turning our right flank, we were forced to fall back and did so with the brigade. We lost at this time 1 officer and 9 men killed and several wounded. In the afternoon we again advanced to the front with the brigade and in the evening fell back.

Sunday morning, 20th instant, our regiment was again moved to the front and formed behind the Thirty-eighth Indiana. We remained here till about 10 o'clock, when we were ordered forward to support the Thirty-eight Indiana, where we remained but a short time when the enemy turned the left of our division and were advancing through the woods on our left flank. Our right was now thrown to the left of the brigade and engaged the enemy. They were soon forced to fall back. They made another attempt to break through on our left about noon, but were repulsed as before and we held our own till nearly dark, when we received a flank and rear fire from the enemy and were forced to fall back. Our regiment, being on the left and not knowing the position of the enemy on that side, fell back in that direction and therefore ran into the lines of the enemy. Colonel Ely, Major McKercher, and nearly all of the officers we had on the field, together with most of the men, were supposed to have been captured at this time. All we could find were brought off with the balance of the brigade. Monday morning, September 21, we numbered 3 officers and 26 men. We were moved to the front about 1 p.m. and formed in rear of the brigade, where we remained until about 4 a.m., September 22, when we were ordered to retire and moved with the brigade to Chattanooga, where we have remained since.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. ROBY,

Captain, Commanding Tenth Wisconsin Infantry.

Lieutenant GEORGE H. DEVOL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 26.

Report of Brig. General John C. Starkweather, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., FIRST DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, Tenn., September 23, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 17th instant my command moved from Stevens' Gap, Ga., to Owens' Ford, Ga., 9 miles. On the 18th moved to Crawfish Spring, Ga., a distance of 4 miles. On the morning of the 19th moved and took up position on left of Colonel Wilder's brigade, at cross-roads. At 10 a.m. received orders from general commanding to move command in support of First and Third Brigades, troops being engaged on extreme left when order was received; came up with a portion of Third Brigade, then received orders from Major-General Thomas to move to the left and relieve Colonel Croxton, commanding Second Brigade, of Brannan's division, who was out of ammunition; found and relieved his brigade by moving to the front and taking position, reporting such change of the disposition of my command to the general commanding through

