
tween Tantallon and Bridgeport) at Cooper's Gap, on the 15th day of September, 1863. My brigade marched with the rest of the division toward the left and Chattanooga on the 17th of September; went into camp same afternoon at Cave Spring.

On the 18th September I broke up my camp at about 6 p. m., and took up my line of march, my brigade having been detailed as rear guard, the division still moving to the left. I arrived on the ground and placed my brigade in its position in line of battle on the left of the division, and at that time on the left of the corps, at about 6 a. m. on the 19th of September, the command having marched all night with a rest of about two hours at Crawfish Spring. About 9 o'clock on the same morning my command was ordered to engage the enemy.

My first line was composed of First Battalion Eighteenth Infantry, Captain G. W. Smith commanding; First Battalion Sixteenth Infantry, Major Sidney Coolidge commanding; First Battalion Nineteenth Infantry, Major S. K. Dawson commanding; leaving on the second line First Battalion Fifteenth Infantry, Captain Albert B. Dod commanding; Second Battalion Eighteenth Infantry, Captain Henry Haymond commanding; Battery H, Fifth Artillery, First Lieutenant H. M. Burnham commanding.

I pushed everything to the front, my first line driving the enemy before them for a mile, and meeting General A. Baird, division commander, at about 10 a. m., was ordered to make a new front at right angles with the order. I only had time, however, to get the Sixteenth Infantry and battery in position before being assailed by an overwhelming force; at this time the troops on my right were giving ground to the enemy in confusion. I immediately gave orders for the battery to limber up, but it could not be done as the horses as they were brought up to the guns were shot down.

The officers and men, finding it impossible to retire, remained with their pieces (firing) until they were forcibly taken from them by the enemy. It was at this time that I lost the First Battalion Sixteenth Infantry (made prisoners), with the exception of 5 commissioned officers and 62 men. The losses of the battery will be attached to this report.

I reformed my command some 400 yards in the rear of the battery and a short distance in the rear of the Ninth Ohio Volunteers. I then changed my position and formed on the left of General Brannan's division, where I again met General Baird, attaching the Ninety-fourth Ohio to my command, numbering some 200 men. I had been informed by General Brannan that my battery was recaptured at the point of the bayonet by the Ninth Regiment Ohio Volunteers (Colonel G. Kammerling), of the Third Brigade, Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, commanded by Colonel Van Derveer. The Fifteenth Infantry of my command was detailed to go forward and bring the battery to the rear. On the arrival of the Fifteenth Infantry on the ground where Battery H was left, they found no men of the Ninth Ohio Volunteers, or any other regiment, present with said battery or in charge of the same. The pieces were much scattered; four were pointing toward our front and two in the direction of the enemy. The Fifteenth Infantry also brought off a piece of artillery belonging to a Mississippi battery, which was afterward abandoned by Lieutenant Fessenden, commanding Battery H, as it was impossible to take it which him to Rossville.

I am happy to say that my battery is now complete, with the

