
exception of caissons, four of them having been abandoned for the want of horses.

Late in the afternoon General Baird, with the other two brigades of his division, moved forward to assist General Johnson's division of McCook's corps, leaving me to guard ground immediately in my front. At dark, finding no troops in my vicinity, I changed the position of my command and remained in the woods without fires until 2 o'clock in the morning, when I fell back to General Thomas' headquarters, where I found General Baird, division commander.

At daylight on the 20th my brigade went into position on the left of the First Brigade, First Division, Colonel Scribner commanding.

I formed my command in four lines, the First Battalion Eighteenth Infantry, Captain G. W. Smith commanding, in front, and behind a breastwork of logs 2 feet in height, connecting with Colonel Scribner's. My brigade was thus again on the extreme left. Between 7 and 8 a. m. I moved Captain Smith's command forward about 50 paces across an open piece of ground to a ridge skirted by timber; he took the logs forming the breastwork in his front forward, and placed them in front of his new position. The Second Battalion Eighteenth Infantry, commanded by Captain Henry Haymond, moved to the ground vacated by the First Battalion. The Fifteenth Infantry, Captain Dod commanding, Nineteenth Infantry, Captain E. L. Smith commanding, were ordered to support the front line, or to wheel to the left in case of an attack on the flank.

About 9 a. m. the enemy drove in my line of skirmishers, and advancing in force, attacked my front and flank. Captain Haymond was sent forward to support Captain Smith, and the Fifteenth and Nineteenth Infantry wheeled to the left; after a contest of about an hour the enemy withdrew. I then relieved the First Battalion Eighteen Infantry, by the Fifteenth Infantry; the Nineteenth Infantry was relieved by a regiment belonging to Colonel Dodge's brigade, this regiment connecting with the left of the Fifteenth Infantry, the remnants of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Infantry constituting a reserve. These dispositions were scarcely completed when the enemy again renewed his attack, pouring in a destructive direct and enfilade fire. This attack lasted an hour; the enemy was again repulsed, my command still retaining its original position. Heavy skirmishing continued along my entire front during the afternoon until half past 4 o'clock, at which time the enemy again made an attack upon my front and flank, using both artillery and infantry, my command being exposed to a terrific fire of musketry and canister. Notwithstanding all this, they held the enemy at bay and retained their position until about 5 p. m., at which time I was ordered by the division commander to fall back to the Rossville road.

About 7 a. m. on the 20th instant a brigade of General Negley's, commanded by General Beatty, took up a position on my left and perpendicular to my front, but was forced to return early, thus exposing my left and causing me to wheel my reserve to the left and form two fronts at right angles to each other.

I take this occasion to speak in the highest terms of my battalion commanders, and the officers of Battery H, Fifth Artillery: Major S. K. Dawson, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry; Major Sidney Coolidge, Sixteenth U. S. Infantry; Captain G. W. Smith, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry; Captain Henry Haymond, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry; Captain A. B. Dod, Fifteenth U. S. Infantry; First Lieutenant H. M. Burnham, Battery H, Fifth U. S. Artillery; Second Lieutenant Israel Ludlow, Battery H,

