
Fifth U. S. Artillery; Second Lieutenant J. A. Fessenden, Battery H, Fifth U. S. Artillery.

Captain E. L. Smith took command of the Nineteenth Infantry after Major Dawson was wounded on the 19th instant. Lieutenants Burnham and Ludlow were shot down while gallantly fighting their guns. Lieutenant Fessenden was wounded, but continued in the field during the remainder of the day.

I also take pleasure in mentioning the members of my staff, viz: Captain J. W. Forsyth, Eighteenth Infantry, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain J. B. Mulligan, Nineteenth Infantry, provost-marshal; Lieutenant W. J. Lyster, Nineteenth Infantry, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant H. G. Litchfield, Eighteenth Infantry, inspector.

These officers were present with me during the entire engagement (19th and 20th September), and rendered prompt and effective aid during the two days' battle.

Captain R. E. A. Crofton, Sixteenth Infantry, after the first day's fight reported to me and acted as aide-de-camp on my staff, rendering great assistance during the 20th instant.

I have the honor to inclose reports of my battalion and battery commanders of the conduct of the officers and men of the same. I respectfully call your attention to their reports. I also forward special report showing the number of fighting men on the 18th instant, casualties during the two days' battle, and the number of men brought out of action; also a list of commissioned officers killed, wounded, and missing, and letter of Brigadier-General Brannan, concerning the recapture of Battery H.

In conclusion I have to state that my brigade captured 126 prisoners on the first days' fight.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. KING,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General A. BAIRD,

U. S. Army.

HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., FIRST DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, Tenn., September 29, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that the following be included in my report of the part taken by my brigade in the battle of Chickamauga Creek, Ga., viz:

Between 12 and 1 p. m. on the 20th instant, the First Battalion Eighteenth Infantry, Captain G. W. Smith commanding, Second Battalion Eighteenth Infantry, Captain Henry Haymond commanding, charged the enemy's lines, driving them through an open field on the left of my position for 600 yards, to their second line of battle, but being unsupported they were obliged to retire to their original position, where they were relieved by the Fifteenth Infantry, Captain Dod commanding. This charge was the most gallant act of that day's engagement.

My medical director, Asst. Surg. E. J. Darken, U. S. Army, devoted his whole time and attention to the wounded from the beginning to the end of the battle, reporting to me on the morning of the 20th instant.

