
advanced, taking position on the left of General Brannan's division. Captain Meredith was wounded while gallantly endeavoring to reform the battalion.

At about half past 8 o'clock on Sunday morning, as my battalion was in line of battle, I received orders from Brigadier-General King to change front forward on the left company, and move forward to the support of the Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, who were sorely pressed.

This was done while under fire, but before we could engage the enemy they were repulsed. We were left in this position (the extreme left of the division) for about an hour, the Eighteenth having moved to our right and occupied the outermost breastworks. I was then ordered to relieve the Eighteenth in these breastworks, which were only a few logs raised about a foot and a half above the ground, and which were about 100 yards beyond the woods, and while occupying it my left flank was entirely exposed. I had only occupied this position a few moments when I perceived two regiments of the enemy marching in double-quick time to my left. I waited until they commenced fire and were pouring and enfilading fire down my ranks-which it was impossible for me to return-when I gave the order to rise up, and the battalion marched across the open field to the woods under a terrific fire as steadily and in as good order as if on drill or parade.

Upon arriving in the woods I was met by Captain Forsyth, who informed me that General Baird ordered those works held at all hazards, and promising that my left should be protected. Again I marched across that field, my left this time supported by a regiment sent out for that purpose by Colonel Dodge. The enemy made four efforts to take these works, but were each time repulsed with terrible slaughter, the ground in front being literally strewn with their dead and wounded.

At about 11 o'clock we were ordered back into the position we had occupied during the morning, where we remained until all our ammunition was exhausted and we were ordered to fall back on Rossville.

Nothing could exceed the coolness and steadiness manifested by both officers and throughout the whole of Sunday.

At about 4 o'clock the enemy took the breastworks we had occupied in the morning, and were pouring and enfilading fire of canister down our lines, while a tremendous fire of musketry was being poured into us from in front and on our left. The obstinacy with which the men fought may be inferred from the fact that this battalion, numbering less than 200 men, held a whole division in check for over an hour, until their ammunition was exhausted and they were ordered to retire. We were the last to leave the breastworks.

Annexed I attach a list of casualties as nearly as they can be ascertained.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALBERT R. DOD,

Captain Fifteenth Infantry, Comdg. First Battalion.

Captain JAMES W. FORSYTH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

