
Numbers 33. Report of Lieutenant Joshua A. Fessenden,

Battery H, Fifth U. S. Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS BATTERY H, FIFTH U. S. ARTILLERY, Chattanooga, Tenn., September 26, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by Battery H, Fifth U. S. Artillery, in the battle of Chickamauga:

The battery, under command of First Lieutenant Howard M. Burnham, left camp Friday evening, September 18, and marching all night took position in line of battle with the brigade shortly after daybreak on the 19th of September. During the morning the battery was ordered forward by Brigadier-General King, and came upon the enemy about 12 m. in a dense wood. The battery was hardly in position before, the troops on the right giving way, it was exposed to a most terrific fire of musketry from the front and flank. General King ordered the battery to limber to the rear, but it was impossible to execute the order, since many of the cannoneers were killed and wounded and the horses shot at the limbers. At the first fire Lieutenant Burnham fell mortally wounded; Lieutenant Ludlow was also wounded, and myself slightly struck on the right side. The battery was taken by the enemy, but was quickly recaptured by our troops. With the assistance of the Fifteenth Infantry, Captain Dod commanding, I succeeded in bringing off the field all the guns and four caissons, but was subsequently obliged to abandon the caissons in order to take the guns to the rear. On the morning of the 20th of September I was ordered by Major-General Thomas and Brigadier-General King to take the battery to Rossville. I started for that place about noon, but came on to Chattanooga, where I reported to Brigadier-General Wagner, commanding the post, and by his order my guns were placed in the several forts.

The losses* of the battery are as follows:

* * * * * * *

Horses killed, 45; wounded, 20.

The battery fired four rounds of canister before receiving the order to retire. The men of the battery, without a single exception, behaved well, working until the last moment to remove the guns.

I have the honor to be, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,JOSHUA A. FESSENDEN,

Second Lieutenant, Fifth Artillery, Commanding Battery H.

Captain JAMES W. FORSYTH, A. A. A. G., Third Brigade.

Numbers 34. Reports of Major General James S. Negley, U. S. Army,

commanding Second Division.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Owens' Ford, Ga., September 17, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command since leaving Cave Spring, near Stevenson, Ala.:

In compliance with verbal instructions received from the major-

---------------

*Nominal list omitted. See revised statement, p. 171.

---------------

