
general commanding the department, I marched my command on the 1st instant across the Tennessee River at Caperton's Ferry, starting from Cave Spring at 6.30 p. m. After crossing the river my command proceeded up the east bank to Norwood's, where I arrived at 10 p. m. and bivouacked for the night.

September 2, 8 a. m., marched in the direction of Taylor's Store, where i was ordered to halt my command for further instructions.

Arriving at Moore's Spring, 2 miles south of Taylor's Store, I learned that there was an insufficiency of water at that point for my command. I therefore halted the command and bivouacked in the vicinity of the spring.

1 p. m. General Sheridan's division arrived here and encamped near the spring.

September 3, 8 a. m., marched in the direction of Trenton. Found the mountain road very rough, rocky, and steep. I at once discovered that it would be impossible to cross my transportation in safety until the road could be repaired. I therefore set the entire division at work repairing the road and assisting the trains over; at dark all my regimental trains, together with ambulances and ammunition trains, had reached the summit without the loss of a wheel.

Camped 1 mile from Warren's Mill; sent Sirwell's brigade forward to repair crossing at mill.

By 11.30 p. m. a bridge 121 feet long and 20 feet high had been constructed.

September 4, 7.30 a. m., marched the command forward; Third Brigade crossed bridge at 7 a. m.; trains commenced crossing at 8 o'clock.

Deeming the bridge unsafe for the crossing of entire train, I halted it and commenced repairs, which delayed us until 12 m., when the passage of transportation was resumed.

3 p. m. arrived at Brown's Spring, foot of mountain. Found a small spring at this point, which, after being excavated and dammed up, afforded sufficient water for my command. By 8 p. m. my entire train was parked at foot of mountain, except 8 wagons of supplies, which were left at Moore's Spring.

September 5, sent a party of two regiments of infantry and one section of artillery, under command of Colonel Sirwell, commanding Third Brigade, to reconnoiter toward Johnson's Crook, and gain an accurate description of the road and country in that direction.

Colonel Sirwell discovered a large amount of property at the works of the Empire State Iron and Coal Mining Company, consisting of machinery, tools, stationery, &amp;c., which was brought into camp by Captain Wing, assistant quartermaster, and placed to proper use.

At Payne's Mill a quantity of wheat (some bushels) was found, which the Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Blakeley, was directed to convert into flour for the use of the command.

September 6, 10 a. m., marched forward on right-hand road, leading from Brown's Spring to Johnson's Crook and Stevens' Gap.

3.30 p. m. arrived at junction Hurricane and Lookout Creeks, where I parked my trains and established headquarters for the night.

General Beatty arrived at McKaig's (foot of mountain) at 5 p. m., and sent one regiment (Forty-second Indiana) half way up the mountain, where the enemy's pickets were met. About half a dozen shots were exchanged; 1 may severely wounded in leg. The object

