
volley, killing, as I have since learned, 30 on the spot; this partially checked the enemy, who was advancing in three heavy lines.

Meantime I had 10 pieces of artillery planted on the ridge to the rear of John Davis' house, which commanded that position, until another new line could be formed on the ridge to the rear.

The enemy now occupied the south side of the creek with a heavy force. He opened two batteries of artillery upon us, at a distance of 400 yards; two of his brigades were parallel to our position on the right.

Buckner's corps was deployed and moving up steadily on our left, within short range. Colonel Stanley's and a portion of General Starkweather's brigades sustained here a well-directed and terrific fire, which our troops returned with spirit and marked effect. The firing increased and indicated an immediate general engagement along our entire front, and would have terminated in an assault from the enemy in a few moments, which would unquestionably have been disastrous to us, considering the overwhelming force of the enemy and our very unfavorable position.

By direction, General Baird deployed General Starkweather's brigade to our right, which checked the enemy's advance in that direction and enabled Colonel Stanley to withdraw his brigade, which being done, we retired slowly and in good order to Bailey's Cross-Roads, where a strong position of defense was assumed and the troops bivouacked for the night.

During the night the enemy withdrew his force to Dug Gap.

September 13, as strong positions of defense were selected as the locality afforded, where the troops were posted and remained until this morning.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel GEO. E. FLYNT,

Chief of Staff, Fourteenth Army Corps.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, Tenn., September 26, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command since September 17, 1863:

September 17, 8 a. m., marched to Owens' Ford, encamping there for the night.

September 18, 3.30 p. m., received orders to march to the left and relieve General Palmer's division; reached his First Brigade (General Hazen's) at 5 p. m. General Hazen informed me and General Beatty that he had no orders to move from his position.

I reported in person to General Rosecrans for instructions; was directed by him, through Colonel Ducat, to send one brigade to Crawfish Spring; was afterward ordered by General Thomas, through Captain Willard, to move up and encamp my division en masse.

Subsequently this order was changed, directing me to relieve General Palmer, which attenuated my command from Crawfish Spring, along the Chickamauga, a distance of 3 1/2 miles.

My troops did not get into position until near daylight. They were greatly exhausted by fatigue and want of sleep.

