
September 19, at daylight I send all my transportation, except ammunition and ambulance trains, to Chattanooga for safety.

Very early in the morning the enemy advanced a heavy line of skirmishers upon Beatty's front, which was a very exposed position, engaging his pickets sharply for some hours.

11.30 the enemy appeared in force, planting two batteries within 400 yards of Beatty's position, which was followed by a fierce cannonading, during which Bridge's Battery, of Beatty's brigade, sustained a loss in men and horses. A part of Beatty's line being gradually driven back (but soon re-established), I sent one regiment (Eighteenth Ohio Volunteers) and a section of Schultz's Battery, of Stanley's brigade, to his support.

12.30 p. m. Beatty repulsed the enemy.

2.30 General McCook's corps had passed to the left of my position, leaving me on the extreme right, General McCook assuming command.

Shortly afterward I received written orders to report to General McCook.

3.30 p. m. received orders from Generals McCook and Rosecrans to withdraw my command and push forward as rapidly as possible to the support of Major-General Thomas, who was about 3 miles distant.

Moved forward at once, and reported to Major-General Rosecrans, who directed me to take position and support General Thomas.

Moved to the left of his (General Rosecrans') headquarters, at the farm-house, one-half mile, when I discovered a gap in our line, through which the enemy was moving upon the right flank and rear of General Thomas' line.

Stanley's brigade was immediately dispatched to meet and check the advance of the enemy, Sirwell supporting him on his right.

After a brisk skirmish the enemy was driven back into the woods.

6 p. m. Stanley and Sirwell were ordered to push the enemy back vigorously, so as to connect our line with the troops on the left.

A sharp engagement with the enemy immediately followed, lasting until 7.30 p. m., during which time our line was pushed forward from one-half to three-fourths of a mile, but I was unable to connect with any of our forces on my right or left. Held this position during the night.

September 20 military operations were suspended until 8 a. m. in consequence of a dense fog.

8 a. m. received a pressing order from General Thomas, through Captain Willard, to move at once to his support. I immediately commenced withdrawing my division for that purpose, when the enemy was reported to be massing a heavy force in my front, sharply engaging my line of skirmishers. I was directed by Major-General Rosecrans to hold my position until relieved by some other command.

General Beatty, however, with his brigade was sent at 8 a. m., under guidance of Captain Willard, to report to General Thomas, going into action immediately.

Although the most strenuous efforts were made to hasten into position the troops that were to relieve me, the remaining two brigades of my command were not relieved until 9.30, when one brigade was sent from General Wood's division for that purpose.

In withdrawing these two brigades, the enemy availed himself of

