
[Sub-Inclosure Numbers 1.]

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., October 8, 1863.

[Major General J. S. NEGLEY:]

GENERAL: I would respectfully make the following statement of the proceedings of yourself and command during the battle of Chickamauga Creek. I mention only those occurrences which came within my own observation, and relate only what I know.

On Friday, September 18, 1863, about 4 p. m., the division of Major-General Palmer having moved to the left, passing the Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, early in the evening of September 17, General Negley marched with this command, under orders to relieve General Palmer's division. Having arrived at the position occupied by General Hazen's brigade of General Palmer's division, General Negley rode up to General Hazen, who was lying on the ground, and dismounting, entered into conversation with him, but I was too far off to hear them. General Negley then rode forward to get further orders from corps or department headquarters, and soon sent back an order that General Beatty's brigade should occupy General Hazen's ground as soon as his brigade should march out.

General Beatty immediately sent staff officers to General Hazen to ascertain where his troops and pickets were placed, in order to execute this command. Colonel Stanley was ordered to move down the Culp's Mill road with his brigade to relieve Colonel Grose's brigade, and was immediately conducted there by Captain Hough and an officer of General Palmer's staff. After about half an hour's delay General Beatty reported to me that General Hazen said he had no order to be relieved and refused to move. I rode forward to find General Negley for instructions, and learned that he had gone down to Colonel Grose's position. I immediately followed. It was then quite dark, and being unacquainted with the road I was much delayed in finding the place. When I did so, I found Colonel Stanley's brigade standing in the road, and finding Colonel Grose he told me he had not received any order relieving him, and that until he did so could not move.

While I was talking to him Colonel Stanley moved back toward Crawfish Spring, under orders from General Negley, as I afterward learned. I immediately rode back and passed the head of the column searching for General Negley. I found him at Spears' house, half a mile southwest from Crawfish Spring. I reported to him the difficulties I had met with. He directed me to find General Thomas and report to him that General Palmer's brigades refused to be relieved, saying they had no orders to that effect; that the troops (General Negley's) had been brought to Spears' house and were in bivouac there all together; that they had been marched back and forth until they were almost exhausted, and to ask for instructions. I found General Thomas at General Rosecrans' headquarters. General Palmer was also there. General Thomas said he was very sorry, but that General Negley would have to occupy General Palmer's position. General Palmer said that he had sent the proper order to his command before dark, but would sent it again, and he started to do so. I returned to General Negley with the order.

He directed that Colonel Sirwell should relieve General Hazen, and that General Beatty should relieve Colonel Grose. Colonel Stanley being already in position near Crawfish Spring, and being very much reduced by furnishing pickets on the line in front of General Rose-

