
crans' headquarters, it was impossible to move any of these troops to their positions at that time, for the road was blocked up with troops and trains moving toward Crawfish Spring. I was again sent to General Thomas to report these difficulties, and that General Negley was very much dissatisfied with the disposition of his troops, so widely separated that he could have no control over them, and so much delayed that they could not get into position much before daylight.

It was about 10.30 p. m. when I reached General Rosecrans' headquarters, where I found General Thomas. General Rosecrans and General Thomas were very much annoyed at the delay. The troops (General Negley's) moved to the position assigned to them as soon as they could get the road, but it was about daylight before they all got into position. I get this fact from the staff officers who conducted them to their places.

Saturday, September 19, early in the morning, there was very brisk musketry firing on General Beatty's front, and he reported the enemy advancing on him in pretty strong force. The skirmishing continued with but little cessation until about 11 a. m., when artillery was used, the enemy having opened fire from two batteries. After a warm engagement they were repulsed by General Beatty's brigade with Bridges' Battery, assisted by the Eighteenth

Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry and one section of Schultz' Battery, which had been sent from Colonel Stanley's brigade. About 8 a. m. the head of General McCook's column passed Spears' house.

In the afternoon, General McCook's corps having all passed to Crawfish Spring, General Negley was ordered to join him there with his division. He did so as soon as possible. General Beatty was much delayed by the difficulty of bringing in his long line of skirmishers. While waiting for the rest of General Beatty's command to come up. General McCook's corps moved toward the left, and General Negley was ordered to do so too. He started at once with the brigades of Colonels Stanley and Sirwell, leaving me with orders to conduct General Beatty's forward as soon as possible. After waiting for a small portion of his command, until after his artillery had supplied their deficiencies in ammunition, General Beatty, urged by me to move as quickly as possible, marched without them and moved forward in the direction taken by General Negley.

Failing to overtake or to find General Negley, I reported to General Rosecrans that General Beatty's brigade was just coming up and asked for instructions. This was before 6 p. m.; General Rosecrans directed that General Beatty should form in the woods close by his headquarters, but before he had placed his troops as directed, General Negley came up and, after a short conversation with General Rosecrans, he ordered General Beatty into position in reserve in rear of the brigades of Colonels Stanley and Sirwell. This was on the left of the road from Crawfish Spring, about a quarter of a mile from General Rosecrans' headquarters.

General Beatty had hardly got into position when an attack was made on Colonel Stanley's front, which continued until after dark. The enemy was handsomely repulsed; our front was quiet the remainder of the night.

General Negley remained on the hill where his batteries were placed until about 10 p. m., when, after having eaten a light supper, he went to General Rosecrans' headquarters, where he remained

22 R R-VOL XXX, PT I

