
tardily relieved, came up with his brigade. Shortly after he came I was informed that the Twenty-first Ohio had been sent to assist General Brannan. The other three regiments were shifted about with the artillery.

While General Negley, with the assistance of some of his staff officers, was attending to this duty, it became evident that some disaster had happened to portions of General McCook's and General Crittenden's corps. A large number of fugitives came up through the ravines and over the ridge. Batteries were dragged up with all the haste that horses and men could exert. Some of these did not stop on the ridge, others sought positions and prepared again for action. One corps battle-flag went past without an officer or any escort. Division and brigade battle-flags and regimental colors were hastily carried to the rear.

Every effort was made by General Negley's and Colonel Sirwell's staff officers, assisted by many of the officers who had come out with the fugitives, to rally and organize the scattered troops, but without avail. As soon as a detachment brought to the front to support the batteries heard the sound of the enemy's muskets in their front, they disappeared like smoke. They were soon all gone. This was before 2 p. m.

After this I went to the right of our position on the ridge to get further orders from General Negley. He directed me to go back and order all the batteries to move back on a sort of a road which went over the ridge, to collect all the organized infantry I could, to form a rear guard, and, if could find any general officer there, to get him to take command. I executed this order as far as I could, sending back seven or eight batteries which were without support, but before I reached that portion of the ridge immediately in rear of General Thomas, I discovered that there was a battery on the ridge between me and that point, which was firing on General Thomas' troops. I feared it was a rebel battery, and my fears were soon confirmed by and officer who was trying to ascertain whether it was not one of our own batteries that was firing there by mistake. I then returned, finding portions of General Beatty's brigade, which had been shattered in the morning.

I directed Lieutenant-Colonel McIntire (who had the highest rank of any officer I could then find) to take command of the whole detachment, and move after the batteries as a rear guard, and to collect all stragglers as he moved on. I then started forward to report progress to General Negley. When I reached the Rossville road it was filled with wagons, artillery, infantry, and some cavalry, all moving toward Rossville, somewhat confusedly, but without panic. It was very difficult to pass them at all. My progress was very slow, and I did not overtake General Negley until I reached the open fields at the end of the gap through which the road runs. Here I found him and General Davis endeavoring to stop all the troops, and to organize them for service. I this they seemed to be very successful.

Very shortly after I arrived there, General Negley told me he would leave these troops in command of General Davis, and he would go back and attempt to reach General Thomas. He started for this purpose with his escort. He failed in this, and came back. Then he, General Davis, and General Sheridan (who had just come up with about 1,500 organized troops of his own division), and Lieutenant-Colonel Ducat, of General Rosecrans' staff, held a short consultation, after which the whole command moved on to Rossville,

