
General Sheridan immediately taking the La Fayette road toward the battle-field. General Negley disposed of his conglomerate command so as to be able to move to General Thomas' assistance immediately, if necessary. He also notified Major-General Rosecrans of what had been done, and asked for instructions. The sun had set before their arrangements were completed. Everything that was possible was done for the comfort and welfare of the troops.

When I saw Generals Negley and Davis at the mouth of the gap where the troops were first halted, I saw no evidence of undue excitement or of any trepidation on the part of either. They were cool, though energetic, using every effort to get the troops organized as quickly and as well as possible.

With much respect, I remain, general, your obedient servant,

J. A. LOWRIE,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Sub-Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HDQRS. 2nd DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS, INSPECTOR'S OFFICE, Chattanooga, October 8, 1863.

Major-General NEGLEY,Comdg. Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

SIR: Your note requesting me to give a brief statement of the operations of the Second Division, as they came under my notice, during the period embraced from Friday afternoon, September 8, to Sunday, September 20, has been received.

I my reply I would first embrace the following copy of a communication:
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, At Abercrombie's, below Owens' Ford, Chickamauga, Ga., September 18, 1863.

Major-General NEGLEY,Commanding Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by Major-General Palmer to inform you that his division is under marching orders, and will move out at 2 o'clock this p. m.

The picket line of this division which connects with your left will consequently be withdrawn.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Aide-de-Camp.

On this note being referred to me by you, about 1 p. m. Friday, I, in company with the inspectors of the First and Third Brigades, proceeded to ascertain the position of General Palmer's line; made all arrangements to take it up when vacated by him. About 2 p. m. (General Palmer still in position) I called at General Starkweather's headquarters, where I met Captain Willard, of General Thomas' staff, inquiring for your headquarters. I attended him thither; when arriving there I ascertained he brought the order to march. I immediately countermanded the detail for picket. The division marched at about 4 p. m. I, in company with Lieutenant Moody, was sent forward to gain information relative to the route leading to Gordon's Mills; soon came up to General Hazen's brigade, Palmer's division, in camp.

It being my understanding that our division was to take position on the right of Palmer's, we there awaited your arrival. On joining us, your ordered me to take two companies of the Second

