
Brigade and throw our a line of skirmishers to protect the right flank, which I did, pushing them well down to the Chickamauga; I then relieved the picket line of Colonel Grose's brigade, Palmer's division, the brigade having moved during the day, and leaving the line to be relieved. I was acting under the impression that it was intended that the division should encamp there, but on my return to the road I found that Colonel Stanley had given orders for the withdrawal of the skirmishers preparatory to moving forward. I returned to the line to see the order executed, when I rejoined the command, which was now moving past General Hazen's camp. It was now dark. I followed the Second Brigade, which had the advance. It turned off to the right on what was called Culp's Mill road. I followed until it intersected a road leading to Crawfish Spring; there I met you. You expressed yourself as having not received proper directions as to the road, and ordered me back to direct the Third Brigade, Colonel Sirwell, to move on the main road to the spring, not to follow the balance of the command. I did so. On my return, after passing over about 1 mile, I came to Mr. Spears' house, occupied as your headquarters. The Third Brigade was then ordered to the place of bivouac.

About 11 p. m. you received an order requiring that one brigade be sent back to relieve General Hazen's brigade and to throw out a strong picket on the Chickamauga as far back as Matthews' house. Your directed me to notify Colonel Sirwell to get his command in readiness to move; leaving one regiment and one section of artillery to guard train, the balance of the brigade was got out on the road and ordered to relieve General Hazen, when I reported to you again, Colonel Ducat being present, to ascertain if you had any further orders. Your ordered me to accompany Colonel Sirwell and to assist him in the disposition of his line; the road was blockaded with troops moving to the left, and it was with great difficulty and much delay that the command reached its destination. I reported to General Hazen, and ascertained that he had withdrawn his picket. With the assistance of Captain Lord, inspector Third Brigade, added to the knowledge I had obtained of the locality before dark, I succeeded in getting out a line covering three fords, the right resting opposite Matthews' house and connecting on the left with that of the First Brigade. The line picketed by the division that night could not have been short of 3 miles. On completing the line (about 3.30 a. m., Saturday, September 19), I reported to your headquarters. Saturday morning heavy skirmishing on Beatty's front (artillery and small-arms). I accompanied you to the right of the line, when you made suggestions relative to some rude works that should be thrown up, which were immediately commenced by the Thirty-seventh Indiana Volunteers.

I then went down to the line to carry out some of your directions, your returning toward the left. In a short time I started toward headquarters, when I met you in company with Lieutenant-Colonel Ducat; returning toward the right, you directed me to accompany you; afterward by your direction I remained at the Third Brigade to await the appearance of General Sheridan, to deliver him your suggestions relative to the disposition of his troops, and to direct him to your headquarters. General McCook having appeared in the meantime and assumed command, your division retained its position till the rear of McCook's corps passed. Your division then moved up, two brigades halting at Crawfish Spring, in rear of General Sheridan.

