
Battery. There appeared small squads of the First Brigade falling back on the ridge in confusion. An officer in command of one of

the parties reported to you "that the enemy were moving around on your left; that they had counted 7 stand of colors across the road in that direction." You immediately made disposition of the Third Brigade so as to cover the left, and opened an effective fire on the enemy from Bridges' Battery and a part of the Fourth (regular) Battery. You then ordered me to assist in placing a line of skirmishers to the left and rear, for the double purpose of checking the stragglers (who were then coming back in large numbers) and to prevent the enemy making a movement in that direction unperceived; also, to collect all the mounted orderlies I could find, and place them well out in the same direction as vedettes.

Some three-quarters of an hour afterward, having executed the order, I returned to the ridge and you had gone. I was told you had gone to the right. I started in pursuit; had not proceeded far when some of our men warned me that the rebels were in the direction I was going. I soon satisfied myself that such was the case, and returned again to the ridge. I there met General Beatty, who related similar experience in his endeavors to reach you.

I then reported to Major-General Thomas, with whom I served the balance of the day.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. L. JOHNSON,

Captain 2nd Ind. Cav., and Insp. 2nd Div., 14th A. C.

[Sub-Inclosure Numbers 3.]

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., October 9, 1863.

Major General J. S. NEGLEY,

Comdg. Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your ability to endure labor and exposure during the time of the late battle having been brought to question, you will please accept the following statement regarding the condition of your health from the 12th to the 22nd of September, 1863:

On the evening of the 12th I prescribed for Major General James S. Negley; also on the two days following, which days he was on duty; the 15th and 16th he was confined to his bed, having a severe attack of diarrhea. On the 17th the command moved, he riding his horse, with the precaution to have an ambulance near to use if necessary. He arrived at camp very much exhausted. The evening of the 18th the command moved; he was up and on duty most of the night. The 19th he was busy with the command all the day, it being engaged in battle at morning and evening. This night he was much worn down from exposure, want of sleep, rest, and sickness, and was obliged to get what rest he could that night to enable him to be on duty the day following; he slept in bivouac this night with the command. I think he had labored during the day and evening all that he was physically able to endure. He arose on the morning of the 20th feeling very unwell, but was on duty all the day until late at night. On the 21st and 22nd he was on duty with the command, but not really able to be so. During the whole time he was really unable to be on duty, being a fitter case for a bed patient than one being under treatment and yet laboring.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. G. BOUGE,

Surg. 19th Ill. Inf., and Med. Director 2nd Div., 14th A. C.

