
[Sub-Inclosure Numbers 4.]

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, Tenn., October 9, 1863.

Major-General NEGLEY:

SIR: In compliance with your request, I have the honor to submit the following statement of facts relative to the movements of the ammunition train belonging to the Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

On the 18th day of September my train was parked directly in rear of the division, which was in line near Owens' Ford. At 4 p. m. I received orders to move my train immediately to the rear of the division ambulance train; moved toward Crawfish Spring; was very much delayed by General Palmer's division; arrived at Spear's house and parked my train directly to the left of the house in rear of the Third Brigade of our division at about 10 p. m. Received orders from General Negley to see that all the regiments were supplied with 20 rounds of ammunition extra. I immediately did so, while the brigades were moving forward to a new position, which took the Third Brigade far to the right guarding a ford, First Brigade in the center, Second Brigade on the left, our whole line extending near 2 miles. General Brannan's division passed about the time the Third Brigade moved to the right.

General Reynolds' division passed shortly after, and at 7 a. m. the Third Brigade of Reynolds' division passed. General McCook's corps

commenced passing about 9 a. m., Saturday, September 19, and had not all passed until after 2 p. m. My train was moved to the left one-half mile at 11 a. m., in rear of Crawfish Spring, at which place it remained until after 3 p. m., when I ordered it again on to the La Fayette and Chattanooga road.

Our division having been relieved by General Mitchell's corps of cavalry, I rode forward with the general (having left my train behind until all the division had passed) until he arrived at General McCook's headquarters. The division was then marching rapidly across the fields toward the left, when a staff officer ordered General Negley forward to General Thomas' assistance. General Negley the ordered me to bring the train forward as rapidly as possible. I did so, and parked my train near the headquarters of General McCook; reported to General Negley, who was then in position near Nethers' [Withers'] house.

He ordered me to send forward the section of Marshall's battery and one wing of the Seventy-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, who were acting as rear or train guard, letting the train remain where it was until further orders. I did so, and soon received orders to move up and take position in rear of the division. Parked my train in rear of the division on either side of the La Fayette and Rossville road at 1 a. m., September 20. At 7 a. m. General Negley sent Lieutenant Ingraham, topographical engineer, with instructions to proceed with him to find a road in our rear across the ridge, so as to be able to move over the Valley road if we were hard pressed and the road we were then on should happen to be blocked up by the great number of trains. I went with Lieutenant Ingraham and found a pretty good road, but when I returned my train had been moved to a position in an open field, about 1 mile to the left and front of its former position. One of our brigades (the First) was far to the left fighting, the Second was moving under the direction of

