
and the enemy. I therefore deemed it advisable to fall back, and did so, toward Crawfish Spring and Chattanooga Valley road. I here met Lieutenant Ingraham, topographical engineer, who had explored all the roads around that vicinity, and under his guidance struck a cross-road leading to Cooper's Store on the La Fayette and Rossville road. I started on this road toward the La Fayette and Rossville road, but had not proceeded a mile ere I met a number of officers, who informed me that the enemy had possession of the road, and that I had better turn back before it was too late.

I sent forward an orderly to ascertain the truth of the assertion. He did not return, which led me to believe he was captured. I turned the train back and halted at Dyer's, about three-quarters of a mile from the Crawfish Spring and Chattanooga Valley road. I remained here until nearly all trains had passed me, hoping to receive some intelligence of the division, but none of a reliable character came. About 4.30 p. m. I was informed by Lieutenant Ingraham that Dr. Bogue, medical director, Second Division, brought an order from General McCook for all the trains, caissons, battery wagons, &amp;c., to fall in and proceed to Chattanooga by the Crawfish Spring and Chattanooga Valley road, guarder by a brigade of cavalry, commanded by Colonel ----. My train arrived at Chattanooga Creek Bridge at 12 p. m., at which place I parked my train for the night, leaving early next morning, September 21. I learned that the division was at Roosville, and ordered the other part of my train that went by the La Fayette and Chattanooga road to join with the 19 wagons I had with me, and then, with the whole train, reported to Major-General Negley, at Rossville. Supplied the regiments and batteries with ammunition, and parked one-half mile in rear of the division, in accordance with instructions received from Major Lawrence, chief of artillery, Fourteenth Army Corps. At 2 p. m. moved about half a mile father to the rear.

As the enemy's shells were occasionally dropping among the trains remained in this division only until dark, at which time I received orders from General Negley to fall back to Chattanooga and there park, which I did, between Market and Main streets, near the river, and at which place the train now is.

I have the honor, general, to be, yours, very truly,

J. R. HAYDEN,

Captain, and Ordnance Officer.

[Sub-Inclosure Numbers 5.]

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, October 7, 1863.

Major-General NEGLEY:

GENERAL: In compliance with your request, I have the honor to make the following report of my duties as volunteer aide on your staff during the battles of Chickamauga:

I will preface by remarking that not expecting to make a report, I kept no account of time, and cannot definitely give you the hour of different occurrences.

Toward evening on Friday, the 18th of September, your command moved from Owens' Ford toward Crawfish Spring. When the head of the column reached General Hazen's headquarters, about one and a half miles from Crawfish Spring, it was halted, and you sent me forward to General Rosecrans' headquarters at Crawfish Spring to

