
on the right, but some mounted infantry-I think Wilder's-were moving around there.

The command retired for the night much wearied. Early in the morning you sent me with a message to Colonel Sirwell, commanding Third Brigade. Upon my return you informed me you had an order from General Thomas to move to the left to his support, and directed me to order the brigades to be in readiness to move at a moment's notice, as they would march as soon as relieved. I did so. Soon after you informed me you had orders to move immediately, and directed me to conduct the Third Brigade to the road in the rear of the position, leaving the skirmishers out as flankers, you sending Major Lowrie to the Second Brigade with the same orders, and an order to the reserve (First Brigade) to move at once across the fields, which latter was done. The Second and Third Bridages were very soon in column en masse on the road ready to march, when General Rosecrans and staff rode down the hill toward the column and asked what troops these were. I replied, "General Negley's division." He asked what they were doing there. I replied, "Going to join General Thomas." He asked if they had been relieved. I answered, "No." He then directed they resume the former position until relieved. I referred him to you and rode with him to you. He gave you the same order, adding that General Wood had been ordered to relieve you. After some time-near an hour, I should think-Captain Willard, of General Thomas' staff, rode up in haste and asked why the division had not joined General Thomas. I replied that the First Brigade had been gone some time, but that General Rosecrans had ordered that the other two brigade should not move until relieved. After getting the same answer from you, with the addition that you were anxious to get off, as you wished to keep your division together, Captain Willard then rode off to find General Rosecrans.

Immediately after this I saw troops moving on to the top of the hill where the reserve brigade had been posted. I rode up and ascertained it was Colonel Buell's brigade of General Wood's division. I asked Colonel Buell if he was ordered to relieve General Negley; he answered he was ordered to take this position. I referred him to you; he repeated that he was to take this position, and proceeded to occupy it, his line being fully one-quarter of a mile to the rear of yours. Some time having elapsed, Colonel Buell reported that he had orders to relieve you and proceeded to do so, moving down the hill slowly with skirmishers deployed. By the time you were relieved and on the march, the firing along the whole line was quite heavy, and shells were thrown into your column on over it, near to you ammunition train, which was moving along near the top of the ridge parallel to your column. You then directed me to order the train into the woods on the top of the ridge. On my return I found you had been moving the troops at double-quick, and I joined your near the wooded hill to the left of the open fields and to the right and rear of General Thomas. At this moment stragglers and wounded men were rushing to the rear across and through your column in great numbers. You moved on with the Second Brigade to place it in position, directing me to hurry up the Third Brigade, which had been stopped by an ammunition train crossing its route on the way to the rear. As quickly as possible it got up, when you informed me you had orders to take a position on the wooded hill and support the artillery there. Several batteries and parts of batteries having

