
falling back to that point, you placed them in position (some six batteries) and supported them with the Third Brigade. They were not fairly in position when the enemy in large force appeared upon your left, making a fierce attack; the whole right of our army at this time appeared to be giving way, and the enemy were in the open fields you had just marched over. You held your position against the attack, but soon after you directed Lieutenant Moody and myself to go to General Rosecrans by different routes, describe your condition, and state that you could not hold your position unless re-enforced. We started, Lieutenant Moody taking the right of the ridge through the woods, and myself the left on the top of the ridge.

On my route I found our whole line on the right evidently giving way, but a number of guns were still in position on top of the ridge, near the left of your former position. On the top of the ridge I found General Rosecrans, with a few staff officers. I delivered your message, and he replied he had just sent you word that he could not help it. I hurried to rejoin you by the same route I had gone [come], but found myself cut off and the enemy in possession of the top of the ridge at a point a little to the right of the ravine at the foot of the wooded hill I left you upon. I was compelled to make a detour to the rear and pass through a fire from the enemy, aimed from the top of the ridge toward the trains, caissons, and stragglers that were rushing into the Dry Valley road. The firing produced a panic, and some of the wagons and a brass piece were abandoned there. Upon getting near the hill I met Lieutenant Moody, who informed me he had received the same message from General Rosecrans, and his horse being fresher than mine, he hastened to deliver it to you.

I here met hundreds of stragglers from the center rushing to the rear. I stopped a few moments to assist some officers in attempting to rally them, but without avail, and then hastened to join you, and found you had changed your position somewhat more to the right, and that a large column of the enemy were pushing up to the right of the hill, harassing the stragglers and threatening your artillery, which had but a slight support, and was being weakened by the constant stream of stragglers from the front passing through them. I found you had received the message from Lieutenant Moody. You immediately directed me to see what kind of ground there was in the rear for placing artillery. I did so, and upon my return I found your column in motion to the rear, all the artillery you had in charge, and three regiments of the Third Brigade (one, the Twenty-first Ohio, having been loaned to General Brannan), and what stragglers you had collected. You moved in order through the woods across to the Dry Valley road, which was found to be filled with the retreating troops from the right in great disorder. The only organized body I saw there was the Ninth Michigan, Colonel Parkhurst. You directed me to remain behind and push on the artillery, and you hastened on to find a point to rally the retreating column.

I joined you at clearing in the road, and found you had placed your three regiments and the Ninth Michigan in line, stopping all persons except the wounded. You then directed me to report to General Jeff. C. Davis, who was organizing the straggling troops into battalions, while you made the attempt to join General Thomas.

I remained on this duty until your return. Soon after, the whole column moved in good order to Rossville, and were placed in position there to resist an attack from the enemy if made. You immediately sent Lieutenant Moody to Chattanooga to bring out subsistence for

