
them, and directed me to remain on duty, stopping other troops as they came in and putting them in position.

I remained on that duty until late in the evening, when I reported to you that the number of stragglers and disorganized bodies coming in was so great, and that they were throwing themselves among the troops in such masses, that I feared the command could not act with efficiency if attacked. Upon a personal examination, you directed me to report to General Rosecrans at Chattanooga, giving him a statement of affairs in detail, and ask for advice. I did so, and returned with orders from him that you sent in to Chattanooga all disorganized troops and wounded; that you keep your organized troops well in position, and hold the gap with your command at all hazards; that General Thomas would soon be with you, if not already there; that he had ordered Generals McCook and Crittenden out there, and that he would fight them at the gaps. You then dismissed me for the night, it being about 2.30 a. m.

Early next morning General Rousseau arrived at your headquarters and asked you for my services during the day. I remained with him until evening, when I rejoined you and was upon duty on the march to Chattanooga that night.

I am, general, very truly, your obedient servant,

ALFRED L. HOUGH,

Captain 19th U. S. Infantry, A. C. M., Second Division, 14th Army Corps, and Vol. Aide-de-Camp.

[Sub-Inclosure Numbers 6.]

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, Tenn., October 7, 1863.

Major-General NEGLEY:

SIR: I respectfully make the following statement of facts which occurred during the battle of Chickamauga Creek, which you are at liberty to use as you see proper:

About half-past 9 a. m. I carried an order to General Negley from General Thomas urging him to move to the left immediately. I met Major Lowrie, and told him what was wanted. He replied that one brigade had been sent and that the other two had not been relieved. I went back and reported this to General Thomas. I was then sent to General Rosecrans with information that the enemy were pressing the left of General Thomas very hard, and asked for more troops. General Rosecrans said that General Negley had been sent and ought to be there by this time. I told him I had just seen Major Lowrie, who told me that General Negley's troops were not relieved yet. General Rosecrans was surprised at this, and said that General Wood had been ordered to relieve them, and seemed sure that they must have been relieved.

I reported this to General Thomas and was again sent to General Rosecrans with a message. On my way I met General Negley in the rear of one or two brigades which were marching in double-quick time toward General Thomas. This was near 10 a. m. I told him what General Thomas wished. He replied those were his troops going as quickly as possible. He seemed to be doing something with artillery at that time.

About half hour later I was again sent to General Rosecrans, but failed to find him. As I was looking for him I crossed the field to

