
the left of the road leading from Crawfish Spring, in which a large number of ammunition wagons had been parked. When I was nearly across the field I discovered a line of rebel skirmishers between me and the rear of General Reynolds' division, who opened a brisk fire on me.

I retreated toward the high ground in rear of this field to a battery which was in position there, which immediately afterward limbered up and retreated to the road leading toward Rossville.

When I saw these skirmishers they were moving up the ravine between the place where I had last seen General Negley and the ground occupied by General Thomas' forces, and in a few minutes after the rebels had possession of that position with some artillery, with which they fired on the retreating wagons and artillery. As I passed over the top of the ridge my horse received a musket shot in the neck.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. BARKER,

Captain First Ohio Cav., Comdg. Escort to Major General Thomas.

[Sub-Inclosure Numbers 7.]
HDQRS. BRIDGES' BATTERY, ILLINOIS LIGHT ARTILLERY, Camp at Chattanooga, Tenn., October 8, 1863.

Major JAMES A. LOWRIE,Chief of Staff, Major-General Negley:

MAJOR: In accordance with the request of Major-General Negley to furnish any information of the position of our division and that of the enemy which came under my own observation, on Sunday, September 20, I have the honor to report:

That about 7 a. m. of that date General Beatty ordered me to move my battery with his brigade, which moved some 2 miles to the left and front of the position occupied during the night.

Arriving upon the lien of battle my battery was posted upon either side of the road leading to Rossville and Ringgold. Soon afterward, by General Beatty's order, I moved forward some 200 yards, leaving a half battery in position at that place, which overlooked a small open field.

I took a half battery and moved it forward to a small house some 300 yards to the front and left, by order of Brigadier-General Beatty. Our brigade (Brigadier-General Beatty's), being ordered to hold the hill to the left of General Baird's division, was necessarily extended, and consequently when General Beatty saw a heavy force of the enemy massed and advancing upon him, he ordered me to retire the half battery, then in an open field without infantry support, to the edge of the woods upon my right, he expecting that his infantry would fall back over the ground they advanced over to the support of my guns.

But the force of the enemy being so much larger than ours, and there being no support, our infantry did not retire to my battery.

As soon as General Beatty saw the battle-flags of the enemy he ordered me to fire. I opened fire first with case shot, then with canister. General Beatty seeing a column of the enemy advancing through a dense woods upon my right flank, as well as the one in our immediate front, rode up and ordered me to retire the battery at once.

