
The enemy, seeing an order given and at attempt to retire, charged and captured two of my guns.

During this engagement and during this charge the enemy killed my senior first lieutenant, William Bishop, and 3 men, wounded 7, and disabled 34 of my horses.

Upon retiring to the first available position, Lieutenant Temple reported to General Negley, who was then present, and by General Negley's order the battery was placed in position upon the east side of a thinly wooded ridge.

After retiring my battery from the position where the enemy charged upon my guns, I went to General Beatty, who had rallied the Fifteenth Kentucky and One hundred and fourth Illinois Infantry of his brigade, and asked him to allow these regiments to charge and recover my guns.

He ordered the skirmishers forward, who, after advancing 100 yards, met the enemy advancing in force. General Beatty informed me that it was impossible to recover my guns at that time. I then asked him for a detail of infantry to remove four guns which had been abandoned by the batteries upon our right. He ordered 30 men, in charge of Captain Allen, from the Fifteenth Kentucky Infantry, with which detail they were removed from the field.

By General Negley's order I moved the battery to the left of the same ridge, taking position upon either side of two small buildings, opening fire upon the enemy, who were then entering a corn-field from the Ringgold road.

After remaining in this position some half an hour, by your order I moved to the right and rear, occupying a small hill directly in front of the corn-field, which extended from the front of the hill half a mile to the right. The musketry firing was continuous. When I moved into position our lines were steadily giving back. While I was ascertaining the exact position of our lines, so as not to fire upon our own men, a colonel of a Kansas regiment of the Twentieth Army Corps came dashing up to me and asked me who commanded that battery. I informed him that I did. He ordered me for "God's sake" to fire into the crest of the hill in our front, informing me that his men had been driven off the hill, and that there was none but rebels there then, stating that they would be up to me in five minutes. I opened with canister upon them; they ceased fire in a few moments.

During this time all the infantry and artillery had fallen back to a long ridge, some 400 yards in our right and rear. Being notified that there was no infantry support in that vicinity, and ordered by and aide of General Negley's that, if I had no support, to fall back, I retired to the ridge, then occupied by two batteries and some 200 infantry.

Before arriving there the enemy had gained the hill I had just removed from and opened fire with artillery and musketry. The infantry did not have a field-officer, and seemed to be the remnants of many regiments. As soon as the enemy's shell fell near them, they limbered to the rear; when I arrived upon their line I gave the order "Action rear;" at the same time, their infantry support having left them, the officers in command of the other batteries there gave the command "Retire."

Immediately afterward I received orders from General Negley to move to the Rossville or Chattanooga road without delay.

Upon arriving at the Rossville road, I met General Negley return-

