
our right, preceded me up the hill. While going into battery as stated above, I met Captain Johnson, of your staff, who told me that General Negley was forming a new line upon the hill and that I had better report to him. After learning from the captain where the general was, I proceeded as rapidly as possible and reported. The general ordered me into position upon commanding ground (the crest of the hill) to the left of the position which I had selected. Here I found Captain Schultz's battery, which I had not seen since daylight. Captain Marshall's battery was in position upon high ground to our right. I understand that these last-named batteries, with their respective brigades, the Second and Third, of the Second Division, had been engaged at the commencement of the action about 3 miles to the right of ours (the First Brigade), and that afterward they were ordered to support the left.

While in position upon the hill referred to, and also when afterward I was, by your order, in position on the hillside farther to the right and front, the musketry firing in our immediate front was at intervals desperate. While in the position last mentioned, Captain Bridges came up the hillside from the front with a detail of infantry hauling four pieces of artillery, which had been abandoned by other batteries, by hand from the field. He immediately resumed command of the battery, and under orders from General Negley moved to the left, taking position at a log house on the hillside used as a hospital.

Large columns of dust being discovered in the woods and fields to our left and front, General Negley ordered Captain Bridges to open, and at the same time Captain Schultz opened from the crest of the hill, firing over our heads. All this time there was heavy musketry firing in the woods to our front, which were so dense that it was impossible to see the enemy, and to have fired from our position would have been hazardous, imperiling the lives of our own men. After checking the columns of the enemy which appeared to be moving upon our left, the batteries were ordered to fall back a short distance and take position for firing to the right, as the enemy was making an effort to get in rear of the artillery in position on the hill by means of a ravine or gully which separated the point which we held from another to the south of us. At this moment Colonel ----, of the Twentieth Army Corps, rode up and in a very excited manner urged Captain Bridges to fire, saying that the ravine was full of rebels, and that our men were all falling back, or words of like import. The captain accordingly opened with canister.

We soon found that the infantry was retiring upon both our right and left, leaving the battery without support, while the musketry fire of the enemy was increasing and one of his batteries opened with shell. One of General Negley's staff rode up and told Captain Bridges to fall back with the infantry. He accordingly retired about 300 yards, and remained there until ordered to fall back to the Chattanooga road. I have been informed by different persons that the enemy occupied the hill a few moments after we retired therefrom. During the time we were on the hill I saw but little infantry. Stragglers from the front were almost constantly coming back. Many of these were reformed by General Negley and staff and other officers. Nearly all divisions of the army seemed to be represented in the lines thus formed.

In my humble opinion the hill, which was very rugged and thickly wooded, was very inconvenient for artillery maneuvers. While

