
changing position I saw a line of caisson bodies which had been unlimbered and apparently abandoned. Lieutenant Seeborn, of Bridges' Battery, informs me that he saw them while being unlimbered, and states that the battery to which they belonged immediately after fell back to the Chattanooga road, thereby unnecessarily abandoning them. This occurred nearly an hour previous to our retiring to the Chattanooga road. We followed this road to within 2 miles of Rossville, where the first open fields were discovered. General Negley here ordered the captain to immediately prepare his battery to return to the front. Afterward the general ordered the captain to report to General Davis, who would superintend the reorganization of the troops, while he (General Negley) returned to the front. About 5 p. m. Captain Bridges was ordered by General Negley to move out to the road. All supposed that we were about to return to the field, but upon reaching the road the column turned in the direction of Rossville, at which place we arrived about 6 p. m.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MORRIS D. TEMPLE,

Lieutenant Bridges' Battery, I. V. A., and A. A. D. C.

[Sub-Inclosure Numbers 9.]
HDQRS. 14TH ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, October 9, 1863.

Major-General NEGLEY,Comdg. Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The following is a correct statement of facts which occurred within my own knowledge in connection with the movements of your division at the battle of Chickamauga on Sunday, September 20, 1863:

About 7 a. m. I carried a verbal order from Major-General Thomas to Major-General Negley directing him to move his division to his (General Thomas') left without delay.

The order was sent by General N [egley] to his brigade commanders to prepare to move at once, which fact I reported to General Thomas, who ordered me to return and conduct General Negley with his division.

Just as I was starting General Rosecrans rode up to General Thomas' headquarters. In returning I rode along the line. When I arrived at General Negley's headquarters I found General Rosecrans there, who ordered General N [egley] not to withdraw his division until he was relieved by a division of General Crittenden's corps. General R [osecrans] directed me to conduct General Beatty's brigade (then in reserve) to General Thomas and report that the other brigades would be sent as soon as relieved. This I did, when General Thomas ordered [me] to return and conduct the balance of the division.

When I reached the ridge on which the headquarters of General Negley had been, I found General Wood (commanding First Division, Twenty-first Army Corps) with his division. I asked him if "he had been ordered to relieve the division of General Negley?" His reply was, "I am ordered to post my troops on this ridge." "Sir," I answered, "General Rosecrans promised to send one of the divisions of General Crittenden's corps to relieve General Negley that he might go to the relief of General Thomas' left." His reply

