
was the same as before. I went directly to General Rosecrans and reported the facts as above stated. He sent his aide, Captain Thoms, to order General Wood to relieve General Negley at once. In returning I met Captain Thoms, who told me he had delivered the order, and that General Negley would be relieved at once (by taking the wrong road I was delayed half an hour). On my return to General Negley, he informed me General Wood's troops had just gone to the front, but the brigades were not large enough to fill the space. I requested General Negley to send the brigade that had been relieved and follow with the other as soon as possible, and told him I would go to General Crittenden to get more troops. On my reporting the facts as above stated to General C [rittenden] his reply was, "I have no more troops there, and shall be obliged to send troops back if I fill the space." My reply was, "General Thomas needs General Negley's troops very much." I started to report the facts to General Rosecrans (Colonel Starling, General Crittenden's chief of staff, reached him first); when I did so, he said it had been arranged, and General Negley would be relieved at once, which fact I reported to General Thomas. The time occupied in accomplishing what I had [done] was nearly three hours.

I next met General Negley while carrying an order from General Thomas. He was coming up to the left with artillery, which he said he should post on the ridge.

On my return the artillery was in position and operation.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. WILLARD,

Captain, and Aide-de-Camp.

[Sub-Inclosure Numbers 10.]

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, October 8, 1863.

[General J. S. NEGLEY:]

GENERAL: In compliance to your request to make a statement as to what I know in relation to the battle of Chickamauga, I respectfully say that on Thursday, September 17, at 8 a. m., we marched to Owens' Ford (having been relieved, as I understood at the time, by General Sheridan's division), arriving there after dark of same day.

Friday, September 18, you were ordered to move to the left to relieve General Palmer's division, which you did, arriving at General Hazen's headquarters at 5 p. m., General Hazen refusing to be relieved (as I afterward understood), stating that he had received no orders to move. After considerable trouble, and working all night, you managed to get your men into position by daylight next morning, Colonel Sirwell on the right, General Beatty in the center, and Colonel Stanley on the left, the left resting at Crawfish Spring.

The division remained in this position until about 3 p. m., Saturday, 19th, when we were the right of the whole army (the cavalry excepted), General McCook's corps having passed to the left of Crawfish Spring at about 3 p. m. Your ordered the division to march to the left and rear of McCook's corps, you reporting to General McCook as we passed along the road (General McCook's headquarters being about half way between Crawfish Spring and General Rosecrans' headquarters). I heard General McCook tell you to move rapidly,

