
as he supposed you were badly needed to support the left. You answered. "General, my First Brigade is here, and the remainder is coming forward as rapidly as possible," or words to that effect.

You them moved forward to General Rosecrans' headquarters, and formed your division about one-half mile to the left of it, closing up a space that had been left open, getting there in time to repulse the enemy, who had discovered the gap and was trying to press through it in heavy columns to attack General Thomas on the right and rear. We fought them until after dark, driving them nearly one-half mile, and held that position during the night. About 8 a. m. on Sunday I was ordered by you to find out where General Thomas' headquarters were, and form a courier line from you to General Thomas.

I found General Thomas nearly 2 miles to our left, on La Fayette road; reported to him, and received a verbal order from him to you telling you to move immediately to the left and support of General Baird. On my return to you I reported and found that you had received the same order through some one else, and had made preparations to withdraw your men as soon as General Wood would relieve you. You, however, sent General Beatty's brigade at once, they having been in reserve; the enemy during this time were pressing on our front.

At about 9 a. m. General Wood, with one brigade, came up and deployed his men as skirmishers in our rear, then moved forward and relieved one brigade (Colonel Stanley's), Colonel Sirwell remaining to keep the gap closed up.

You then moved to the left as fast as possible with Colonel Stanley's brigade, it being the only one left you, thus separating the whole command. At about half past 1 p. m. the enemy were found to be pressing in on our left, and seemed as though they were between us and General Thomas.

You immediately sent Colonel Sirwell's brigade (they having come up from the right) to stop their farther progress, at the same time getting several batteries in position on the ridge and opening a fire that soon drove the enemy back. At this juncture I learned that the enemy were on our right, pressing our front with overwhelming numbers, and that nothing could be found of the right wing, it having retired from the field.

You then held your position until all the artillery and trains had passed through the gap, being careful to avoid any confusion; then gradually retired to end of gap next Rossville, where you halted and rallied all the infantry, getting them in position for the night; also parked all the artillery together, so that the infantry and artillery could be run out to any line that might be formed.

During the night and next morning you had provisions and ammunition brought forward from Chattanooga to supply the deficiencies of the army, and did everything in your power to reassure the men and make them comfortable.

On the morning of the 21st our division occupied the gap and mountain to the left of the gap, while the other troops were formed into line to the right and left of our position, you sending the different batteries and regiments to their respective divisions, getting all materiel of war in proper position before noon.

With this statement, general, I remain, truly, your obedient servant,

CHAS. C. COOKE,

Lieutenant, and Aide-de-Camp.

