
[Sub-Inclosure Numbers 11.]
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Camp at Chattanooga, Tenn., October --, 1863.

Major-General NEGLEY,Comdg. Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

SIR: In compliance with your request, I submit the following statement of facts relative to the position and movements of the Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, from September 18, 1863, to September 21, 1863:

Friday, September 18, 3 p. m., division encamped along Chickamauga Creek, the right resting at Owens' Ford, the left retired.

At 3 p. m. I carried an order from you to the brigade commanders to march immediately in the following order: Second, Third, and First Brigades.

Captain Johnson and I were sent ahead of the column to make inquiries relative to Gordon's Mills and the fords of Chickamauga Creek.

I learned that our division was ordered to relieve General Palmer's division, and about 5 p. m. our Second Brigade halted at or near the headquarters of General Hazen, commanding a brigade in Palmer's division. After a consultation with General Hazen, you gave Major Welch and myself orders to examine the configuration of the country in front and rear of Hazen's brigade, our proposed position, you immediately starting for department headquarters.

Our division now lay upon the road, our right resting at Hazen's headquarters. While examining the country in front I met Captain Johnson, inspector Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, engaged in stationing a line of skirmishers to protect our troops until Palmer's division should give place to us. At 7 p. m. I went forward (to the left) to report that our division train had joined the division and were awaiting orders. I passed our First (Beatty's) Brigade moving down the Culp's Mill road to relieve Colonel Grose's brigade, of Palmer's division. This was about 7.30 p. m.

Having occasion to report to you, and learning that you were on the Culp's Mill road, Major Lowrie and I started in search. We found our First Brigade lying upon the road waiting to relieve Colonel Grose, who stated he had received no orders relative to our relieving his brigade. This was about 9 p. m.

By this time the remainder of the division (Second, Fourteenth Army Corps) had been brought forward pursuant to an order to encamp the division en masse, the Second Brigade (Stanley) on the left near Crawfish Spring; the First Brigade (Beatty) on the right on Culp's Mill road, and the Third Brigade (Sirwell) in reserve near Spears' house.

Midnight your ordered the Third Brigade to move back and comply with the original order, "Relieve Hazen's brigade, Palmer's division." This was almost impossible, since the road was at the time occupied by Sheridan's and Palmer's divisions moving to the left, so that the way was blocked up with men and wagons. I came on duty at 3 a. m., September 19. I carried an order to Colonel Sirwell (Third Brigade) about daylight on Saturday, September 19, 1863, and found that he had just gotten a portion of his command into position, and still had some dispositions to make. So obstructed was the road that I could scarcely get along at all on account of men lying asleep in the road, and wagons blocking up the way almost

