
effectually. I learned from an officer of Sirwell's brigade that a gap existed between the picket line of the Third and First Brigades. You sent me to communicate the fact to General Beatty, also to Colonel Sirwell. General Beatty remarked that "our line was so long that he had not a sufficient number of men to make the line continuous." Your ordered me to tell Colonel Sirwell to close up the gap immediately, which he did, although his line was already attenuated.

September 19, 3 p. m., you discovered a very heavy column of dust moving toward your front and at no great distance. You sent me immediately to General McCook (then in command), to inform him of the fact. McCook said he had observed the dust, and had just sent written instructions to General Negley. He (McCook) asked me how many rounds of cartridges the men of our division had. I replied that your ordered and extra issue of 20 rounds to the men last night.

By this time Colonel Stanley had been put in position at the large brick house near Crawfish Spring. Major Lowrie had ordered General Beatty to withdraw to Crawfish Spring, and, a portion of the command having arrived, your ordered them into position near the spring to support Bridges' Battery.

You now sent me to repeat the order just carried by Major Lowrie to General Beatty, viz, "To withdraw his troops and fall back to Crawfish Spring with all possible haste." We were now upon the extreme right, in fact, almost isolated, no other troops nearer than those upon the hill (to the left), under command of General McCook.

Orders having been received to move to the left, I was sent to report your Second Brigade to McCook, he assigning the brigade a position upon Wood's left. He, McCook, told me that our Third Brigade would take position upon the hill near his, McC [ook]'s, headquarters, and the First Brigade would be held in reserve. I met you going to McCook's headquarters, I being stationed at a point where I could direct the brigades as they came forward into their several positions. Beatty's (First) brigade was compelled to halt at the spring for a short time to obtain ammunition for the battery, which had been engaged all morning with the enemy.

Major Lowrie and I came forward with Beatty's brigade, but found that the lines had advanced. The brigade moved forward, and we were soon after met by Lieutenant Kennedy bearing an order from you to push forward the brigade as quickly as possibly. Captain Johnson met us near General Rosecrans' headquarters and guided us to the division.

5 p. m. found the division formed near and to the left of department headquarters.

You reported to General Rosecrans a gap in the lines through which the enemy were moving, endangering General Thomas' right flank. General Rosecrans ordered you to close the gap.

I was sent to guide Colonel Sirwell's brigade to and eminence to the left of the La Fayette and Rossville road, from which point our movements emanated. After placing Marshall's and Schultz's batteries in position upon the ridge, the Second Brigade was thrown forward about a quarter of a mile, when the Third Brigade was placed upon the right and the two brigades advanced in two lines. They soon engaged the enemy, and for a while the firing was quite heavy.

You then sent by me an order for the two brigades to push the

