HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, D. C., September 13, 1863-1.30 p.m.

(Received 22nd).

Major-General HURLBUT,*Memphis:

I think from all accounts that Steele is sufficiently strong. All your should be sent to Corinth and Tuscumbia to operate against Bragg should he attempt to turn Rosecrans' right and recross the river into Tennessee. Send to General Sherman at Vicksburg for

re-enforcement for this purpose. General Grant, it is understood, is sick in New Orleans.

H. W. HALLECK,General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, D. C., September 13, 1863-1.30 p.m.

(Received Memphis,22nd)

Major-General GRANT* or

Major-General SHERMAN,

Vicksburg:

It is quite possible that Bragg and Johnston will move through Northern Alabama to the Tennessee River to turn General Rosecrans' right, and cut off his communications. All of General Grant's available forces should be sent to Memphis, thence to Corinth and Tuscumbia, to co-operate with Rosecrans should the rebels attempt that movement.+

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

On the 14th the following telegrams were sent to Generals Foster, Burnside, and Hurlbut:
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, D. C., September 14, 1863- 1 p.m.

Major-General FOSTER, Fort Monroe:

Information received here indicates that part of Lee's forces have gone to Petersburg. There are various suppositions for this. Some think it is intended to put down the Union feeling in North Carolina; others, to make an attempt to capture Norfolk; others, again, to threaten Norfolk, so as to compel us to send

re-enforcements there from the Army of the Potomac, and then to move rapidly against Meade. Such was the plan last spring when Longstreet invested Suffolk. It will be well to strengthen Norfolk as much as possible and to closely watch the enemy's movements. I think he will soon strike a blow somewhere.

H. W. HALLECK,General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, D. C., September 14, 1863.-3 p.m.

)Received 22nd .)

Major-General HURLBUT,* Memphis:

There are good reasons why troops should be sent to assist General Rosecrans' right with all possible dispatch. Communicate with Sherman to assist you, and hurry forward re-enforcements as previously directed.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, D. C., September 14, 1863- 3 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Knoxville:

There are reasons why you should re-enforce General Rosecrans with all possible dispatch. It is believed that the enemy will concentrate to give him battle. You must be there to help him.

H. W. HALLECK,General-in-Chief.

---------------

*This dispatch was delayed on the river between Cairo and Memphis, having left Cairo September 14, on the steamer Minnehaha, marked, "Important Government dispatches, to be delivered immediately." She failed to deliver the package.

+See answer, Grant to Halleck, September 25, 1863,12 noon, Part III.

---------------

