
enemy vigorously. You at the same time ordered Captain Schultz to push forward three of his pieces to the edge of the woods in case they should be needed.

Our lines advanced, although it was now dark. The firing continued, and the enemy, after a strong resistance, were compelled to fall back across an open field, by which we were enabled to advance our line about three-quarters of a mile. After reporting to you the nature of the country in front, I carried an order to Colonels Sirwell and Stanley to halt their line and I open communication with the right and left, informing them also that Schultz's three pieces were subject to their orders, if they could use artillery to any purpose.

September 20, 3 a. m., I went on duty at this time. I was sent to the front to caution the brigade commanders about having their men on the alert. I learned from the skirmish line that a movement of troops and artillery to the right could be heard between 1 and 2 a. m., also the cutting of roads (seemingly) could be heard. Upon communicating this to you I was sent to report it at department headquarters, and from there I was sent to General Thomas, in order to give him the information. I received no special instructions in return.

At 7.45 a. m. information received that the enemy are massing heavily in our front. You sent me to state to General McCook that "our line being very long and large bodies of troops being removed from our left, we were left with a very weak line, while the enemy was massing in our front." General Rosecrans, standing near to General McCook when I reported, asked me to repeat my message. General Rosecrans said, "Go to General Crittenden and tell him I say to make that line strong and good," at the same time inquiring "if Wood had not gone to our assistance." I answered that "I knew nothing of General Wood." I found General Crittenden and gave him the message from General R[osecrans]. I asked General Crittenden if he understood my directions. He answered he did.

Upon reporting to you I learned that Wood's division was to relieve us.

At 9 a. m. a brigade of Wood's division now made its appearance over the top of the ridge. They advanced very leisurely across the open field, having skirmishers deployed. I was sent to the Third Brigade to instruct Colonel Sirwell "to hold his troops in readiness to move to the left (on a road running parallel to his line of battle) as soon relieved by Wood's troops." I remained at headquarters for an hour, during which time you were directing the movement of the troops in person.

At 10 a. m. the staff received an order to report to you near the Brannan Hospital. Here we found the Second Brigade in position, together with the artillery of the Second and Third Brigade. By this time the battle had commenced, and soon raged fearfully to our left and front. I now received an order to move all the artillery to the left across the road into the large open field.

I was now sent to order Colonel Sirwell to move to the left at a "double-quick," and to march to the ridge to the left of the field. Colonel Sirwell had been but partially relieved. By the time the brigade came up it was ordered to support Schultz's, Marshall's, and one section of the Fourth (regular) Battery.

I was sent to place Marshall's battery in position upon the outer crest of the ridge, the Fourth Regular to the left of Marshall's, and

