
Bridges' still more to the left and in the yard of the house used as a hospital.

I was sent to bring forward Sirwell's brigade, which was placed in position to support the batteries. Schultz's battery was placed to the rear of Marshall's, upon a commanding point.

The enemy having pressed the first line of troops back some distance, and the enemy being reported advancing from the extreme left, you sent me to withdraw Sirwell's brigade and post it on the top of the ridge. You now discovered the enemy moving upon our left through a corn-field in heavy columns. It was evident to all that they were throwing a heavy force in this direction.

1.30 p. m. Captain Hough and I were now sent to communicate with General Rosecrans and ask for re-enforcements. Captain Hough took the left of the ridge and I the right. On my way I met hundreds of men going to the rear, and the farther I went to the right the more stragglers I met. The woods were literally filled with disorganized bodies of troops. The enemy's shot and shell were coming thick and fast, their infantry rushing forward with yell after yell. Across the open field I could see General Rosecrans, alone, his staff and escort, with drawn sabers, endeavoring to check the avalanche of panic-stricken men that were fleeing before the desperate onset of the enemy. I was plainly to be seen that the right had given way. I reported to General Rosecrans your situation, the appearance of the enemy on your left in heavy force. He replied, "I can't help him; it is too late." I now attempted to return, but the close proximity of the enemy compelled me to make a detour, striking the road and coming around behind the ridges, the right and center being driven back; the enemy were now in possession of the route by which I had come. Everywhere I saw officers endeavoring to stop the continual flow of men to the rear. I at last met Captain Hough, and inquired for you, and asked whether you were still in the same position. He replied that you were. I found you to the right of the ridge, where you had gone to give directions to a battery that was at the time playing upon the enemy. I was perfectly surprised to find the command in the same position, for the enemy were pressing upon the right and training their batteries up the gorges. You now withdrew all the batteries except Schultz's, and put them in position farther back upon the ridge. Schultz's remained on the brow of the ridge, firing continually, and supported by the Thirty-seventh Indiana.

Here you formed your troops, joined upon the left by a regiment of stragglers that had been collected from the miscellaneous mass; but the stragglers coming back panic-stricken, and by this time a battery brought to bear upon the ridge, the regiment of stragglers vanished. You then, after strenuous efforts to collect a sufficient number of troops to protect the artillery, remarked that to save the army from rout there must be a new line formed. A staff officer that had reported to you for duty informed you that the provost guard of the corps was stopping all stragglers, and forming a new line near the Chattanooga road. The enemy were now pressing forward upon the right and front of the ridge. Schultz was ordered back, and with great difficulty brought his battery back. The command, composed of the Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania, Thirty-seventh Indiana, and a portion of the Seventy-fourth Ohio, moved back toward the Chattanooga road. I was left behind to direct the movements of some caissons that had started down the Dug Valley road.

