
At 4 p. m., when I reached the Chattanooga road, I found Davis' division moving on the road toward Chattanooga. I joined you at the large field were you were engaged in organizing the troops and placing them in defensible position. When you left to report to General Thomas, I reported for duty to General Davis, who carried out your plan of halting every man and placing him where he could be of service. General Sheridan and his division now made their appearance. After a consultation your ordered me to have the batteries ready to move to Rossville. The troops were soon on the march, arriving at Rossville about 5 p. m. Here the troops were put into position. I was assigned the duty of forming companies from the masses of detached men. About dark your ordered me to go to Chattanooga to procure provisions for the troops at all hazards, to stop the first train I met and get provisions. I was compelled to go to Chattanooga and there procure fire wagons of provisions, which with our division train arrived at Rossville about 1 a. m.

Monday, September 21, 1863, the provisions were issued to all the troops at Rossville, which embraced some from every corps of the army.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. H. MOODY,

Lieutenant, and Aide-de-Camp.

ADDENDA.

WASHINGTON CITY, October 29, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: The official action of General Rosecrans toward me in breaking up my division, assigning it to others, and even detaching a portion of my regular staff, when I was not relieved of command, or conscious of having merited this unusual procedure, is so painfully humiliating to my feelings that I shall esteem it a favor if you permit me to inform General Thomas that it is your desire that I should return to his command for duty, or a note from you to that effect.

Yours, very truly,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, January 11, 1864.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

SIR: I have the honor to submit to your kind attention this communication, respectfully requesting such official action as the interests of the service and my rank and services entitle me to.

I visited Washington in October; had a personal interview with the Secretary of War relative to the causes which induced General Rosecrans to deprive me of a command.

I requested a Court of Inquiry, both personally and by letter (see copy annexed, marked A). Honorable J. K. Morehead also applied in my behalf.

The Secretary of War gave my request very kind consideration, informing me that he had not examined the official reports to determine from them whether a Court of Inquiry was necessary in my case.

Mr. Stanton directed me (verbally) to return to your command upon the expiration of my leave. I requested a written order to do so. This he stated was not required, as I was then absent with leave.

