
Mountain. Here my advance regiment, the Forty-second Indiana (Lieutenant-Colonel McIntire), had a slight skirmish with the enemy.

Monday, September 7, the Fifteenth Kentucky (Colonel Taylor) in advance, marched to the summit of Lookout Mountain, the enemy's cavalry retiring before us.

Tuesday, September 8, moved to Cooper's Gap; my advance surprised the enemy's picket station at foot of the mountain, capturing 2 men, 5 sabers, 1 army pistol, 1 carbine, and wounding severely 1 man.

Wednesday, September 9, marched from Cooper's Gap through the valley to Stevens' Gap and rejoined the division.

Thursday, September 10, guarded wagon train from Stevens' Gap to Chickamauga Creek, on the road leading to Dug Gap.

Friday, September 11, about 2 p. m., it being evident that a large force of the enemy's infantry was on our right, left, and front, and that a cavalry force was moving to our rear, I was ordered to move back to Bailey's Cross-Roads and remain until the wagon train had passed on its return to Stevens' Gap. In less than an hour I had taken the position directed. The enemy's cavalry soon after made its appearance in the vicinity, but returned without firing.

Saturday, September 12, until Wednesday, September 16, remained in

the vicinity of Stevens' Gap.

Thursday, September 17, marched from Bailey's Cross-Roads in a northeasterly direction to Owens' Ford on Chickamauga.

Friday, September 18, marched to Crawfish Spring. About midnight was ordered to move in a southeasterly direction to a ford on Chickamauga Creek and relieve Colonel Grose, commanding brigade in Palmer's division. Relieved him about 2 a. m.

Saturday, September 19, at an early hour in the morning, the enemy's pickets made their appearance on the west side of the Chickamauga, and engaged my skirmishers. About 11 a. m. the enemy opened with artillery; he subsequently got two batteries in position, when a sharp artillery fight ensued of nearly three hours' duration. My artillery being re-enforced by three pieces from Schultz's First Ohio Battery, [M, First Ohio Artillery,] at length succeeded in driving the enemy from his position.

Captain Bridges lost in his battery in this engagement, 2 men killed, 9 wounded, and 12 horses killed and disabled. Of the infantry, there were 8 men wounded. About 5 p. m. I was ordered to move to Crawfish Spring, and slowly withdraw my picket line, which had been greatly extended during the day in order to connect with troops on right and left. Arriving at Crawfish Spring, the men were allowed to fill their canteens with water, and the brigade was then moved northward on the Chattanooga road to a ridge near Osburn's, where it remained in reserve during the night.

Sunday, September 20, at an early hour in the morning, I was ordered to move northward on the Chattanooga road and report to Major-General Thomas, who, when I reached him, directed me to move to the extreme left of our line, form perpendicularly to the rear of General Baird's division, connecting with his left, and be in readiness to meet any force of the enemy attempting to turn General Baird's left. I disposed my brigade as ordered. General Baird's line appeared to run parallel with the road; mine, running to the rear, crossed the road.

On this road and near it I posted my artillery, and advanced my

