
skirmishers to the open fields in front of the left and center of my line. This was a good position, and my brigade and the one on General Baird's left could have co-operated and assisted each other in maintaining it. Fifteenth minutes after this line was formed Captain Gaw, of General Thomas' staff, brought an order to advance my line to a ridge or low hill (McDonald's house) fully one-quarter of a mile distant. I represented to him that my line was long; that in advancing it I would necessarily leave a long interval between my right and General Baird's left, and also that I was already in the position indicated to me by General Thomas. He replied that the order to advance was imperative; that I would be supported by General Negley. I could not urge objections further, and advanced my line as rapidly as possible toward the point indicated.

The Eighty-eighth Indiana (Colonel Humphrey), on the left, moved into position without difficulty. The Forty-second Indiana (Lieutenant-Colonel McIntire), on its right, met with considerable opposition in advancing through the woods, but finally reached the ridge. The One hundred and fourth Illinois (Lieutenant-Colonel Hapeman) and the Fifteenth Kentucky (Colonel Taylor), on the right, became engaged almost immediately, and, being obstinately opposed, advanced slowly. The enemy, in strong force, pressed them heavily in front and on the right flank, preventing them from connecting with the regiments on their left.

At this time I sent and aide to request General Baird or General King to throw in a force to cover the interval between their left and my right, and dispatched Captain Wilson, my assistant adjutant-general, to the rear to hasten forward General Negley to my support. The two regiments forming the right of my brigade were confronted by so large a force that they were compelled to halt, and ultimately to fall back, which they did in good order, contesting the ground stoutly as they retired.

About this time a column of the enemy pressed into the interval between the One hundred and fourth Illinois and Forty-second Indiana and turned, with the evident design of capturing the latter, which was at the time busily engaged with the enemy in front. Immediately on discovering the object of this movement, I got my artillery in position and opened on them with grape and canister. The column referred to broke and fell back under shelter of the woods, in the direction from whence it came. Colonel McIntire, but a moment before almost surrounded, was thus enabled to fight his way to the left, which he did, uniting at the same time with Colonel Humphrey, Eighty-eighth Indiana.

Soon after the enemy, pressing back the One hundred and fourth Illinois and Fifteenth Kentucky, advanced through the woods to within 100 yards of my battery and poured into i a heavy fire, killing Lieutenant Bishop, and killing or wounding all the men and horses belonging to his section, which, consequently, fell into the hands of the enemy. Captain Bridges and his officers, by the exercise of great coolness and courage under a terrible fire, succeeded in saving the remainder of the battery. The enemy having gained the woods south of the open fields and west of the road, I opposed his farther advance as well as I could with the Fifteenth Kentucky and One hundred and fourth Illinois, and soon after checked him entirely by directing a battery stationed on the road some distance in the rear to change front and open fire on him.

The Eighty-eighth Indiana and Forty-second Indiana, compelled to

