
make a detour round the hills on the left and rear, became separated from me, but subsequently finding General Negley they reported to him and under his orders supported a battery or batteries which he had placed in position on some elevated ground on the left. Later in the day they were ordered by his assistant adjutant-general, Major Lowrie, to retire in the direction of Rossville.

Firing having ceased in my front, and being the only mounted officer present, I left the Fifteenth Kentucky and One hundred and fourth Illinois temporarily in charge of Colonel Taylor, of the former regiment, and hurried back to see General Thomas or General Negley and report the necessity for more troops; on the way I met the Second Brigade of our division, Colonel T. R. Stanley commanding, advancing to my support. Had it reached me and hour earlier I would have been enabled to maintain the position which I had just been compelled to abandon, but its detention was doubtless unavoidable. I directed Colonel Stanley to form immediately at right angles with and on the left of the road, facing north, and returning to Colonel Taylor ordered him to fall back with the Fifteenth Kentucky and One hundred and fourth Illinois, and form in rear of the left of Colonel Stanley's line. Soon after the enemy pressed back the skirmishers of the Fifteenth Kentucky and One hundred and fourth Illinois, who had not been withdrawn with their regiments, and following them up drove in also the skirmish line of Colonel Stanley's brigade, upon which the Eleventh Michigan (Colonel Stoughton) and Eighteenth Ohio (Lieutenant-Colonel Grosvenor) gave him a well-directed volley, which brought him to a halt; the whole line then opened fire a short range; his line wavered. Colonel Stanley and myself, stationed at different points on the line, simultaneously gave the order to advance, then to charge, and the troops rushing forward with a shout drove the enemy on a run nearly half a mile, strewing the ground with his dead and wounded and capturing many prisoners. Among the latter was General Adams, commanding a Louisiana brigade.

Colonel Stanley, by his courage, skill, and coolness in the management of his command at this time, gave fresh proof of his ability as a brave and gallant officer, and I sincerely trust that his eminent services will speedily receive substantial recognition on the part of the Government.

Seeing the necessity for some support for a single line of such length so far advanced, I hastened to the rear and brought up three or four regiments which I found idle in the woods and formed a second line. At this time Captain Wilson, my assistant adjutant-general, whom I had sent to General Negley some time before the Second Brigade joined me, to inform him of my position, returned and brought me a verbal order to retire to the hill on the left and join General Negley. Convinced that the withdrawal of the troops at this time from the position occupied would endanger the whole left wing of the army, I thought best to defer the execution of this order until I could see General Negley and explain to him the necessity of maintaining the line and re-enforcing it. I endeavored to find him, but was unable to do so.

The enemy about this time made a fierce attack on Colonel Stanley's brigade and forced it back. The three regiments which I had posted in its rear to support it retired hastily without firing a shot. In the meantime the right wing of the army had been thrown back, and frightened soldiers and occasional shots were coming from the rear and right. Colonel Taylor, Fifteenth Kentucky, to whom an order

24 R R-VOL XXX, PT I

