
had been given to haul off by hand two pieces of artillery which had been abandoned, enlarged somewhat upon his instructions and gathered up five pieces; attaching them to limber found on the field, he succeeded in saving them all. In this he was assisted by the One hundred and fourth Illinois. Subsequently he placed a battery in position some distance to the left of Colonel Stanley's line, and remained with it until ordered by Major Lowrie, assistant adjutant-general, Second Division, to withdraw in the direction of Chattanooga.

Colonel Stanley's brigade, considerably scattered by the last furious attack of the enemy, was gathered up by its officers, and retired to the ridge on the right and in rear of the original line of battle. The regiments of my brigade had been previously ordered off the field, a fact which I did not learn until some six hours afterward. Supporting them to be still near I made every possible effort to find them and to find my division commander. Failing in this, I stationed myself near the Second Brigade of our division, then commanded by Colonel Stoughton, of Eleventh Michigan, and gave such general directions to him and the troops about me as under the circumstances I felt warranted in doing.

The obstinate maintenance of the ridge on the right until after sunset by detachments from nearly every division of the army, none of which, if I except Brannan's and Steedman's divisions, were more strongly represented than our own, saved the army, in my opinion, from total rout. Once during the afternoon the enemy succeeded in planting his colors almost on the crest of the ridge on our immediate front, and for a moment drove our men from the summit. An extraordinary effort of the officers present was successful in again rallying them to the crest, and the timely arrival of a detachment of the Eighteenth Ohio, led by Lieutenant-Colonel Grosvenor, drove back the enemy, who only saved his colors by throwing them down the hill. I never witnessed a higher order of heroism than that displayed on this portion of the field, and though not perhaps strictly within the province of this report, I cannot refrain from specially mentioning Colonel Stoughton, Eleventh Michigan (at that time commanding Second Brigade); Lieutenant-Colonel Rafren, Nineteenth Illinois; Lieutenant-Colonel Grosvenor, Eighteenth Ohio; Colonel Hunter, Eighty-second Indiana; Colonel Hays and Lieutenant-Colonel Wharton, Tenth Kentucky; Captain Stinchcomb, Seventeenth Ohio; Captain Kendrick, Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania, as men who deserve the gratitude of the nation for an exhibition on this occasion of determined courage which I believe unsurpassed in the history of the rebellion.

Near 8 o'clock in the evening I ascertained from General Wood that the army had been ordered to fall back toward Chattanooga. I immediately started to inform Colonel Stoughton to join the retiring column, but found he had been apprised of the movement and was then in the road.

At 10 p. m. I reached Rossville and found one of my regiments, the Forty-second Indiana (Lieutenant-Colonel McIntire), on picket 1 mile south of that place. The other regiments were encamped near the town.

Monday, September 21, my brigade was formed in line of battle in rear of the Third Brigade, on east side of Chattanooga road, fronting south. Afterward it was withdrawn from this position and placed on a high ridge east of and near Rossville.

About 10 a. m. it was attacked by a brigade of mounted infantry,

