
the hills between the road and mountain until 3 o'clock, when we marched back and bivouacked with the Second Division.

Our loss was 2 killed, 37 wounded, and 24 missing. Among the wounded were Captain Ludington, Company H; Lieutenant Porter, commanding Company B; Lieutenant Southwell, Company H, and Lieutenant Sapp, Company K. Lieutenant Calkins, Company E, aide to General Beatty, was also slightly wounded and probably taken prisoner.

The officers and men behaved very well and, with the exception of about 30, who were separated from the regiment when they first fell back, there was no straggling.

On the 21st we were in line with the brigade and had some skirmishing, in which Captain Leighton, Company A, was wounded in the shoulder. At night we marched to Chattanooga. The regiment was on picket on the 24th. During the skirmish in the night the batteries at the fort raked the open field in front of our line. A force was advancing in line to attack us, but were driven back by the fire from these batteries. Two of our men were struck by pieces of shell, but the injury was slight.

I append a list of the killed, wounded, and missing.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DOUGLAS HAPEMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. 104th Illinois Infantry.

Captain J. S. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 38.

Report of Captain Lyman Bridges, Bridges' Battery, Illinois Light Artillery.

HDQRS. BRIDGES' BATTERY, ILLINOIS LIGHT ARTILLERY, Camp at Chattanooga, September 29, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with your order, requiring a report of the part taken by this battery in the battles of September 19 and 20, I have the honor to report that:

By order of Brigadier General John Beatty I moved from camp on Chickamauga Creek at 4 p. m. on the 18th instant toward Chattanooga, Tenn., halting at Crawfish Spring until 8 p. m., when, by order of Brigadier-General Beatty, I moved 1 1/2 miles to the front, relieving two batteries of the Fifth U. S. Artillery, placing four guns in position held by a 6-gun battery and two guns in the position occupied by a 4-gun battery.

On the morning of the 19th the skirmishers in our front engaged the skirmishers of the enemy soon after daybreak.

At 8 a. m. a rebel battery opened upon the reserve of our line of skirmishers at our right.

Having received orders to commence firing whenever the enemy showed himself in force, I played upon him from the position upon the left with four guns, when he was compelled to retire.

At 11 a. m. a dense smoke arose in the edge of a wooded ridge, 1,500 yards in our front and right. Soon afterward the smoke cleared

---------------

*Nominal list omitted; see revised statement, p. 172.

---------------

