
away, when a battery was discovered in position there, which opened fire upon me.

Having learned his position and range, I opened fire upon him with the four guns having a range upon him. His fire was constant for half an hour, when he placed another battery in position, some 700 yards in my front and left, which also opened upon me, the right battery now throwing solid shot and the left battery throwing case-shot and shell.

The left section being posted upon the right of the road and not having a range form the position where it was then posted, I sent to General Beatty, asking that it might be ordered to join the two sections which had held the position upon the left of the road. General Beatty sent it at once and I placed it upon the right of the two sections then engaged.

The enemy, after contesting the ground some two hours, were driven from the field with a heavy loss.

Lieutenant Sturges, of Battery M, First Ohio Artillery, arrived upon the ground with a half battery during the engagement, doing signal service in driving the enemy from the field.

My loss during this day was 2 men killed, 9 men wounded, 12 horses killed.

Receiving orders from General Beatty, I moved to Crawfish Spring at 4 p. m., where I replenished my ammunition chests and moved 5 mile to the left, remaining in park during the night 1 mile to the left of General Rosecrans' headquarters.

At daybreak, by order of General Beatty, I changed front to the right, and at 7 a. m., by order of General Beatty, I moved 3 miles to the front and left, taking position upon either side of the Chattanooga road.

Receiving orders from General Beatty, I moved forward to the edge of a field, some 500 yards to the front.

At 8 a. m., by order of General Beatty, I moved one-half of battery to a house in the field to the left of the road, leaving the remaining half battery at the edge of the woods in position in charge of Lieutenant Wiliam Bishop.

I remained in this position until ordered by General Beatty to place the half battery the in the field at the house in front upon the left of the half battery at the edge of the field.

The enemy were now pouring out of the woods into the field 400 yards in our front and right, being the ground over which our line had advanced but half an hour previously.

As soon as the battle-flags of the enemy emerged from the woods and there was no doubt about its being the enemy, I opened fire with my full battery, the first rounds with case-shot, afterward with canister.

His advance was checked for an instant, when, having formed his line again, he steadily advanced upon me.

While my guns were being worked under the fire of the enemy in our front, some of my men and horses were disabled by a musketry fire from the woods upon my right. While under this fire General Beatty ordered me to retire. I gave the order and found all of the horses of two pieces were either killed or disabled; 5 cannoneers of one of these detachments and 3 cannoneers of the other were disabled.

The enemy was each moment closing his infantry in upon my front and right, firing as they advanced, and there being no possible

