
change of getting these pieces off through the woods and brush, I ordered the remnant of my men still at the guns to fall back.

At this moment my senior first lieutenant, William Bishop, was killed while endeavoring to remove his section from the field, and my horse was killed under me.

I deem it my duty to state that during this action I had no infantry support whatever. I wish further to state that it was not from any fault of Brigadier-General Beatty, however.

Having fallen back to the advance line of infantry, where the Fifteenth Kentucky and One hundred and fourth Illinois Infantry had rallied, Lieutenant L. A. White remained with me, both endeavoring to advance with the Fifteenth Kentucky and One hundred and fourth Illinois Infantry to recapture the two guns lost. In the meantime

Lieutenants Temple and Seeborn got the remaining guns and caissons

into column and retired in good order to the first available position. This done, Lieutenant Temple reported to Major-General Negley that he had four guns under command and awaited his orders.

By General Negley's order he took position on the crest of a wooded

hill on the left of Captain Schultz's battery. Afterward, by General Negley's order, he moved to another position to the right and front, being in this position when I came up.

General Beatty, finding a strong force of the enemy advancing, informed me that it was impossible to recover my guns, and directed

me to haul from the front four guns which had been abandoned by the different batteries upon the right.

Lieutenant Atherton, of General Beatty's staff, obtained a detail from the Fifteenth Kentucky, who reported in charge of Captain Allen, to whom much credit is due for the service rendered in saving these guns from the enemy.

Receiving orders from General Negley, I moved to the left of a ridge, taking position upon either side of two buildings used as hospitals, when by his order I opened fire upon a force of the enemy then approaching upon the Rossville road through a corn-field.

By General Negley's order I moved to a hill to the right and rear, to await the approach of the enemy, when, by General Negley's order, I moved to the Rossville road; bivouacked for the night at

Rossville.

September 21, by General Beatty's order, I remained in reserve until 5 p. m. when, by General Negley's order, I moved to Chattanooga.

I desire to make honorable mention of the subaltern officers of this battery. Senior First Lieutenant William Bishop, having been sent from Stevenson, Ala., to Nashville, upon business for the command, learning that an engagement was about to take place, rejoined his battery at Lookout Mountain, moving in command of his section to Dug Gap, Crawfish Spring, and the battle of Chickamauga, where, at his guns, in the discharge of his duty, he lost his life.

I wish to bear testimony to the able and self-sacrificing manner which governed all his motives and actions; ever ardent and enthusiastic in his chosen vocation, he inspired his comrades with

his undaunted courage and heroism. No nobler patriot ever lost his life in freedom's priceless cause.

To Lieutenants M. D. Temple, L. A. White, and F. Seeborn much credit is

due, for the promptness with which every order was carried out; to

M. D. Temple, junior first lieutenant, for the promptness and ability displayed in retiring and taking a new position for the bat-

