
tery, immediately after Lieutenant Bishop was killed and my horse was killed under me.

Below is the list* of the killed, wounded, and missing of my command.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LYMAN BRIDGES,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain F. SCHULTZ,

Chief of Artillery, Second Division.

Numbers 39.

Reports of Colonel Timothy R. Stanley, Eighteenth Ohio Infantry,

commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS. 2nd BRIGADE, 2nd DIVISION, 14TH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, September 12, 1863.

MAJOR: In compliance with your order of this date, I have the honor to report the following list of casualties in my command in the

engagement of yesterday.+

In submitting the above report I deem it proper to add an account

of the operations of my command in the engagement above alluded to.

In the skirmishing during the early part of the day nearly every

company of my command was more or less engaged and acquitted themselves with credit and honor.

On taking my position on the ridge at Davis', as ordered by Major-General Negley, I placed the Nineteenth Illinois Volunteer Infantry

and Eleventh Michigan Volunteer Infantry in line on the slope in front of the Fourth Indiana Battery and in rear of a fence, directing them to build breastworks of rails and stones to protect them from musketry, which they did promptly and effectually. The Eighteenth Ohio I placed in double column as a reserve.

Captain Schultz, commanding Battery M, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery, was ordered to take position on the side of the hill in

my rear. He then opened on the enemy, firing over us with one section, and worked with good effect until ordered to retire.

I sent four companies of the Nineteenth Illinois forward, one in a

barn, two on the bank of the creek on the right, and one (Captain Guthrie commanding) behind the stone wall on the left and near the

creek. This last was the only one engaged, and with one company of

the Twenty-fourth Illinois, which was temporarily there, fired one

volley on a mounted party of the enemy as they were fiercely and rapidly pursuing two of the Twenty-fourth Illinois, who had fallen

to the rear, which unseated all of the pursuing party who were in slight, killing 13, as reported, and wounding a large number. It is

believed the pursuing party was a general officer and his staff at

the head of the column of mounted men.

The enemy placed a battery in position, which was well handled and

did terrible execution, especially upon the Eighteenth Ohio, which

had been placed on the right flank to guard against the enemy, who

appeared there in strong force.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted; see revised statement, p. 172.

+Nominal list (omitted) shows 5 killed, 29 wounded, and 4 missing.

---------------

