
Finding that it would be necessary for me to remain on or near the

left in order to observe the enemy in that quarter, I gave Colonel

Stoughton, who was on the right, direction to act at discretion with his regiment and the section of artillery on his right, all of

which he did (sending out one of his companies as skirmishers) with

proper judgment.

I have already said the enemy appeared in heavy force on my right;

this force consisted of a heavy column of infantry and several pieces of artillery. Seeing the emergency, Captain Waggener, my

assistant adjutant-general (I being on the left), ordered the

Eighteenth Ohio into position there and immediately reported the

fact to me, which I approved. The artillery soon opened, and I was

then exposed to a galling cross-fire.

The Eighteenth Ohio, however, with the company of the Eleventh

Michigan skirmishing and the aid of the section of artillery, directed by Colonel Stoughton, held the enemy at bay in that quarter. In the meantime the enemy in front, taught a severe lesson

by Captain Guthrie's company behind the stone wall, kept at a respectful distance. His battery, however, did fearful execution,

throwing shell and grape with remarkable precision.

While this was being done, and I was momentarily on the right, the

four pieces on the left were withdrawn without my order, this leaving me at that the mercy of the well-directed fire of the enemy's artillery.

Soon after this, however, the train having arrived at the point designated by Major-General Negley, he ordered me to retire, which

I did in good order, bringing with me the section on my right, which remained until ordered by me to leave.

A portion of the Eighteenth Ohio, which had been so badly cut up,

was thrown temporarily in confusion, and I retired them first,

bringing up with the Nineteenth Illinois and Eleventh Michigan in rear of the section, and skirmishers to their rear. I soon, however, had the Eighteenth Ohio also in line and retired with the brigade in line of battle, faced by the rear rank, ready at any

time to face about to the enemy.

I know of but one officer who did not do his duty, and I am not yet sufficiently informed of his conduct to give his name.

The enemy suffered much more severely than we did, and they did not follow us closely as we fell back.

The members of my staff without exception were prompt and active in

the performance of their duties, delivering my orders intelligently

and readily, no matter what the danger.

Captain Waggener, assistant adjutant-general, assisted with good

result in rallying and keeping together the Eighteenth Ohio when

temporarily scattered, and was all times in the right place.

Captain Kendrick, also, my inspector, was present where wanted to direct and encourage.

Captain Bissell, Lieutenants Tucker, Keith, and Stivers were at all

times ready for orders and executed them promptly.

The young men composing my escort and clerks were active and ready,

and deserve credit for their alacrity and courage.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. R. STANLEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major JAMES A. LOWRIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

