HDQRS. 2nd BRIGADE, 2nd DIVISION, 14TH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, Tenn., September 28, 1863.

MAJOR: In compliance with your order, requiring a report of the

operations of my brigade from the time of leaving Cave Spring, Ala., up to our arrival at this point, I have the honor to submit

the following:

My command, consisting of the Eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry,Nineteenth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Eleventh Michigan Volunteer

Infantry, and Battery M, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery, (the Sixty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry having been left* at Cowan, Tenn.), left Cave Spring and crossed the Tennessee River at Caperton's Ferry on the evening of the 1st of September. We continued the march from day to day, crossing Raccoon Mountain, and

encamped on Lookout Mountain September 8.

The Eleventh Michigan Infantry, under Colonel Stoughton, was thrown forward on the same day and moved down the mountain, clearing out

the heavy timber with which the road had been blockaded, and, skirmishing briskly, drove the enemy for 1 1/2 miles, and occupied

Stevens' Gap.

September 9 my brigade made a reconnaissance to the front and drove

the enemy's outposts some 3 miles, with light firing.

The next day we moved forward to Davis' Cross-Roads, and, after some maneuvering in that vicinity, the engagement took place on the 11th of September, an official report of which you have already

received.

Falling back to Bailey's Cross-Roads, we remained there until the 17th September, when we moved off on the Chattanooga road and encamped at Crawfish Spring on the night of the 18th.

On the morning of the 19th I moved under orders toward the left and took position on an elevated point designated by Major-General Negley, with the Eleventh Michigan thrown considerably forward. In

the afternoon I advanced my three regiments in line of battle, and,

in connection with the Third Brigade deployed on my right, drove the enemy out of the woods in our front and regained the ground which had been held and lost during the day by the troops of some other command.

Later in the day we advanced still farther and drove the enemy, with heavy firing, from an open field in our front.

We subsequently withdrew to the edge of the woods, and constructing

light breastworks of rails, remained during the night.

At an early hour the next morning, Sunday, September 20, I received orders from Major-General Negley to withdraw from my position, and move off up the road toward the left. I had moved but a short distance, in compliance with this command, when I was ordered to return to the former position, which I did, driving the enemy, who had in the mean time advanced and occupied it.

I was shortly afterward relieved by a brigade from General Wood's division, and again ordered toward the left, where the battle was raging loudly and heavily. Having moved my command, including the battery which had remained all night in position on the hill in my

rear, some distance on and to the left, on line with the Rossville road, I was ordered by Major-General Negley to push my regiments quickly into the woods to my right, to support the forces then engaged there. This I did, moving rapidly forward and leaving my

---------------

*But see report of Colonel Daniel McCook, p. 871.

---------------

