
battery in immediate charge of Major-General Negley, under whose orders Captain Schultz, commanding, having at that time become

separated from the brigade, acted during the principal part of the

day. I pushed my regiments quickly through the woods and reported to the officer in command, who ordered me farther to the left, to report to whomsoever I found in command there. Upon reaching a point farther to the left, I was ordered into the line at right angles with the front, but finding nothing to do there, I pushed

forward again until I found Major-General Thomas, from whom I received definite and positive orders to advance to the support of Brigadier General John Beatty, commanding First Brigade, who was then being hard pressed. Having reported to General Beatty, I, under his direction, formed my line of battle at right angles with the road.

The line was hardly formed before the enemy advanced upon us in heavy force. The Eighteenth Ohio and the Eleventh Michigan, forming the first line, opened a rapid and effective fire, which checked the enemy. Observing this, I ordered the Nineteenth Illinois forward, and upon their closing up I ordered the line forward, which all responded to with cheers of triumph, and the enemy fled in dismay, though several times our number. We thus drove them for a half mile or more, strewing the ground with killed and wounded, and taking a large number of prisoners. Among the latter were Brigadier-General Adams and one or two of his staff, who surrendered to officers of this brigade, and were sent to the rear under guard by the assistant adjutant-general, Captain R. J. Waggener.

I myself talked with General Adams (who told me his name) and know that he was captured by my brigade. He was wounded and asked me to send him a stretcher, which I was unable to do. Quite a number of other officers were near him, dead and wounded, and one of my officers who observed closely thinks there was another brigadier-general among the number.

Our volleys were destructive to them, and I attribute their utter rout to the skillful fire and impetuosity of my brigade.

Having followed up the enemy a considerable distance, and finding myself wholly unsupported, I slowly fell back a few paces under heavy fire from the Washington Battery (which had opened on my line), for the purpose of closing up my ranks and securing some support.

General Beatty had in the mean time brought up a brigade to my rear, which he had "borrowed," and I halted my command in their front, informing them that I would check the enemy and, if the fire became too hot, would fall back on them and fight with them, but was only allowed a few minutes' rest before the enemy in strong force again attacked me. Being hard pressed I gave the order, after firing a number of rounds, to fall back fighting to the support. Upon looking around, however, I found the support had disappeared and we were left to our own resources.

I would be glad to state what brigade this was that so shamefully deserted us without firing a gun, but, although I think I am correctly informed, I am not sufficiently certain to express my opinion.

My brigade continued to fall back slowly, halting and firing at intervals, presenting a good front to the enemy, until I withdrew my command and took position next to some log buildings on the brow of the hill, near the Rossville road. The enemy soon began a fierce and determined attack on this position, defended as it was by part of a battery of the Fourth U. S. Artillery, which did its duty well,

