
supported by my brigade and some scattered fragments of other regiments. While conducting the defense of this point and earnestly striving to employ the forces under my command to the best advantage for that purpose I was struck by a ball or piece of shell on the right shoulder, and finding myself unable to continue longer on the field, I turned over the command to Colonel Stoughton, of the Eleventh Michigan, who conducted the brigade through the rest of the engagement of that day and until we marched, on the night of Monday, 21st, from Rossville to this place.

I was, however, with the brigade on the morning and throughout the day on Monday, assisting so far as able. During the charge heretofore spoken of, Brigadier-General Beatty was with me and by his cool and gallant bearing added to the enthusiasm of my officers and men, and will be long remembered by them.

I cannot state the number of prisoners taken, for the reason that they were sent to the rear to other commands. The several commanding officers discharged their duties faithfully and well. Colonel Stoughton, of Eleventh Michigan, displayed the same coolness and fearlessness as at Stone's River. I cautioned him that he exposed himself too much, but saw no change in that respect afterward. The same may be said of Lieutenant-Colonel Raffen, of the Nineteenth Illinois, who was always ready, prompt, and courageous; as also of Lieutenant-Colonel Grosvenor, of the Eighteenth Ohio, who, with his regiment, was in the hottest of the fight.

The members of my staff, without exception, acquitted themselves with honor. Captain Kendrick, for his cool determination, unflinching courage, and thorough acquaintance with all his duties, deserves that promotion which has too long been withheld. Captain Waggener, assistant adjutant-general, well posted in his duties in the office and mostly confined there, has on this occasion, as well as at Davis' Cross-Roads, shown his readiness to wield the sword as well as the pen.

Accompanying this is the report of Colonel Stoughton for the time he was in command. He sustained himself well and, with the brigade, made such a fight as is seldom made by so small a number of men.

After I resumed command I marched to this point with the division, leaving the Sixty-ninth Ohio, which joined us at Rossville Monday, 21st, with other regiments from the other brigades, in charge of Colonel Stoughton, who brought up the rear in good order in the morning.

Since our arrival here I have been engaged more or less, day and night, on the earth-works, and my men have displayed the same willingness to labor as to fight.

The loss of valuable officers and men of my command has been heavy both in killed and wounded. A report* of casualties has already been forwarded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. R. STANLEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major JAMES A. LOWRIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 172.

---------------

