
as well as in the boxes of the prisoners which we took, was distributed to the men.

Lieutenant-Colonel Raffen, of the Nineteenth Illinois, Lieutenant-Colonel Groswenor, of the Eighteenth Ohio, and Lieutenant-Colonel Mudge, of the Eleventh Michigan, behaved with great coolness and gallantry, and managed the respective regiments with skill and ability; the latter was severely wounded.

Captain Newbury of the Eleventh Michigan was killed. Captain Waggener, assistant adjutant-general, and Captain Kendrick, of the staff, discharged their duties in the most prompt and efficient manner. Colonel Hunter, of the Eighty-second Indiana, and Colonel Hays, of the Tenth Kentucky, also rendered efficient service.

About 8 o'clock orders came from General Brannan to retire, and the brigade was quietly formed and marched in good order to Rossville. About half an hour before we left a raking fire was poured into our ranks by the enemy from a hill to our right, which had been occupied and as we supposed was still held by General Granger's Reserve Corps.

On the morning of the 21st, by our orders, I took a position with my brigade on a road leading in a southeasterly direction from Rossville. The enemy appeared in force in our front and an artillery fight was kept up most of the day. At night the Sixty-ninth Ohio was posted as pickets in our front, and according to your orders I withdrew the rest of the brigade at 12 o'clock, moving the artillery by hand, and formed the column on the Chattanooga road, where Colonel Stanley again assumed command.

I was charged with the duty of remaining till morning and calling in the pickets of this division. Early in the evening I issued orders to the Sixty-ninth Ohio, Fifteenth Kentucky, Thirty-seventh Indiana, and two companies of the Eleventh Ohio to silently withdraw the picket line at ten minutes past 4 the next morning and assemble near your headquarters. These orders were executed without confusion and with little delay, and the whole picket force was marched to Chattanooga and reported at your headquarters.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM L. STOUGHTON,

Colonel 11th Michigan Infantry, Comdg. Second Brigade.

Major JAMES A. LOWRIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

Numbers 41.

Report of Captain Frederick Schultz, Battery M, First Ohio Light Artillery.

HDQRS. BATTERY M, FIRST OHIO VOLUNTEER ARTILLERY, Chattanooga, Tenn., September 29, 1863.

SIR: I occupied, September 19, a. m., a place near Crawfish Spring when one-half of the battery under Lieutenant Sturges and Lieutenant Ziegler was ordered to re-enforce Captain Bridges, who was hard pressed by the rebel artillery, and had already sustained considerable loss, but the enemy's guns were soon silenced and the half battery was ordered to rejoin the other half at about 2 p. m. The

