
whole battery and two regiments of infantry of the Second Brigade were ordered to the battle-field in a northeasterly direction, where, in the evening, again one-half of the battery under Lieutenant Sturges and Lieutenant Ziegler were order to assist Second and Third Brigades. After firing ten rounds canister, at about 8 p. m. they were ordered back to the other half on a hill, where the whole battery remained all night.

At about 9 a. m., September 20, 1863, I was ordered to the front and took position on the left of the brigade on a hill, but did not fire; changed position several times by order of Major-General Negley. About 12 m. I was attacked by the enemy, whereupon I opened fire with the whole battery, thereby holding the enemy in check, and sustained a loss of 4 men wounded and 8 horses killed and wounded, and some other damage, and expended 240 rounds of ammunition, 75 rounds canister and balance shell. I was ordered from there to Rossville, where I found the greatest part of the division, and camped there all night. About 9 a. m., September 21, 1863, I took position about 1 mile in front of Rossville. Two sections under my direction [were posted?] in a road heading to Rossville, supported by the Eleventh Michigan and Eighteenth Ohio Infantry, and one section under Lieutenant Sturges, supported by the Nineteenth Illinois, on a hill on the left, where we held the enemy in check all day without any serious loss on our side, and fired about 175 rounds.

At about 11 p. m. we were ordered to this place, and on the 22nd was ordered in the fort partly completed, where I still remain.

I herewith send you a list of equipments and implements which were lost during the late engagements.*

F. SCHULTZ,

Captain Comdg. Battery M, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery.

Major W. E. LAWRENCE,

Chief of Arty., 14th A. C., Dept. of the Cumberland.

Numbers 42.

Report of Colonel William Sirwell, Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.

HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., SECOND DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, September 27, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the proceedings of the Third Brigade since leaving Cave Spring, Ala.:

At 6 p. m., September 1, we left our encampment at Cave Spring, crossing the Tennessee River the same night, and bivouacked in the river bottom about 3 miles above.

The next day we moved to Moore's Spring near Bridgeport. During the whole of the 3rd my brigade was engaged on the mountain side repairing the road and helping the wagons and artillery up to the summit of the Raccoon Mountain; this being safely accomplished, after incredible labor, we reached Warren's Mill the same evening.

According to the wish of the general commanding, I organized a working party from the Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania, who, under my direction, cut down the saw-mill, which is in a deep valley or ravine, and succeeded in changing it into a bridge, over which the

---------------

*See p. 365.

---------------

