
On the 21st my brigade was moved out on the Rossville and La Fayette road about three-quarters of a mile. After remaining in position a short time, I was ordered to move back and take position on the face of a high hill on the left of the road, where we remained all day. At 12 o'clock at night, according to previous arrangements, my command was withdrawn silently from its position on the hill, leaving the Thirty-seventh Indiana, two companies of the Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania, and two companies of the Seventy-fourth Ohio on picket, to be withdrawn at daylight, and, along with the pickets of other commands, to form a rear guard to our retreating column.

Early at daybreak on the 22nd we entered Chattanooga; since which time my command has been kept constantly at work, night and day, on the fortifications.

During all these long and fatiguing marches and the many skirmishes and the heavy battles but just now over, no troops could have behaved better. I cannot commend them too highly.

The officers and men of the Twenty-first Ohio deserve great praise for their conduct upon this occasion. I respectfully mention, in terms of praise, the names of Lieutenant-Colonel Stoughton and Major McMahan, who gallantly fought and stood by their men until wounded and not able to do anything more.

The officers and men of my brigade behaved bravely, without a single exception. I cannot particularize the officers and men of my command who deserve especial mention; if I did so, my report would be so voluminous that it would scarcely be read.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM SIRWELL,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.

Major JAMES A. LOWRIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

Numbers 43.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel William D. Ward, Thirty-seventh Indiana Infantry.

HDQRS. THIRTY-SEVENTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS, Chattanooga, September 27, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report:

The regiment left Cave Spring, Ala., on the 1st day of September and marched about 7 miles, crossing the Tennessee River at Caperton's Ferry.

September 2 marched about 15 miles and camped near Bridgeport.

September 3 marched about 5 miles upon Sand Mountain and camped.

September 4 marched about 7 miles and camped at Brown's Spring.

September 5 lay in camp.

September 6 marched about 7 miles to Johnson's Crook, in Lookout Mountain.

September 7 marched 2 1/2 miles to Stevens' Gap, in same range.

