
September 8 marched about 5 miles and camped on Lookout range of mountains.

September 9 marched about 5 miles off of mountain and bivouacked in orchard.

September 10 drove the enemy to within about 1 mile of Pigeon or Dug Gap, skirmishing almost constantly. Held our position until after dark, when we by order fell back to new position.

September 11 attacked by the enemy about 8 a. m. and skirmished with them almost constantly until dark, continually changing position to avoid a general engagement, when we fell back to a strong position at the foot of Lookout Mountain to await re-enforcements. The regiment formed part of the rear guard.

September 12 lay in camp.

September 13, 14, 15, 16, worked on the road leading over Lookout Mountain.

September 17 marched about 7 miles and camped.

September 18 formed line of battle. Held for a short time and changed position.

September 19 formed for battle, Thirty-seventh Regiment on the right of the division. Held our position until late in the evening, when we were moved to the left and participated as supports in a charge upon the enemy.

September 20. This was a series of maneuvers through which I am unable to follow the regiment. The regiment had some little skirmishing. About 3 p. m. the regiment received an order to fall back. It moved back to within about 5 miles of Chattanooga and bivouacked.

September 21 formed in new position, which we held during the day. At night fell back to Chattanooga, the regiment covering the rear. The regiment engaged in a slight skirmish.

September 22, 23, 24, 25, worked on fortifications.

September 26 and 27, lay quietly in camp.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM D. WARD,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Thirty-seventh Indiana.

Captain CHAS B. GILLESPIE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 44.

Reports of Major Arnold McMahan and Captain Charles H. Vantine, Twenty-first Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. 21ST REGIMENT OHIO INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS, Near Atlanta, Ga., July 14, 1864.

SIR: Herewith is transmitted a statement of the part taken by the Twenty-first Regiment Ohio Infantry Volunteers, under my command, at the battle of Chickamauga.

The letters of Generals Negley and Brannan in reply to my letters to them, copies of all which are herewith transmitted, are made a part of this report and referred for the information of all concerned.

Special attention is called to the letter of General Brannan, in which my command is charged with "surrendering so quietly as to

