
escape the notice of all but the regiment on my immediate left, the colonel of which promptly reported to him the facts," &amp;c.

He will be surprised to know that Colonel Carlton, of the Eighty-ninth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and Colonel Le Favour, of the Twenty-second Michigan, were the colonels commanding regiments on my left, both of whom were captured a short time before I was captured myself.

General Brannan may have been misinformed in regard to the position of his troops.

Very respectfully,

A. McMAHAN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Twenty-first Ohio Volunteers.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Cumberland.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

CAMP CHASE, COLUMBUS, OHIO, April 6, 1864.

SIR: Having been a prisoner of war in the hands of the enemy, I was unable sooner to report the part taken by the Twenty-first Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Third Brigade, Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, in the battle of Chickamauga, fought on Saturday and Sunday, September 19 and 20, 1863.

The regiment moved into action Saturday evening, an hour before sundown, under command of Lieutenant Colonel D. M. Stoughton. We had position on the left of our own brigade and joined Colonel Stanley's (Second) brigade on its right.

We engaged the enemy's skirmishers until dark, when the firing ceased, after which breastworks of logs were constructed, facing east-southeast, in front of an open field. This position was held by us until Sunday morning (20th), at which time our skirmishers became engaged with the skirmishers of the enemy at daylight.

Late Sunday morning (20th) we were withdrawn from this position, and moved with our brigade to a new position. Skirmishers from the Twenty-sixth Ohio Volunteers (General Wood's division) relieved our own skirmishers, and that regiment moved to the position from which we had just withdrawn. This position is also particularly marked by two large vats, used for the manufacture of niter, about 200 yards to the rear.

At 12 o'clock Sunday (20th) our regiment was assigned a position upon a curved ridge, our front being south. A deep ravine was in front on this ridge, and on our right heavy timber; on our left an open field with timber beyond. There was an old house about 200 yards to our rear which was subsequently occupied by our wounded.

Our effective support in this division consisted of the Twenty-second Michigan Volunteers and Eighty-ninth Ohio Volunteers on our right, troops under command of Colonel Walker (of the Thirty-first Ohio Volunteers), and Ninth Ohio on our left, and the Second Minnesota Volunteers in reserve. I have not learned any name by which this position may be designated, therefore have substituted a description of it.

Immediately after taking position (12 m.) the enemy's skirmishers engaged us, and in a short time a strong force moved against us. A severe engagement resulted in the repulse of the enemy.

