
mand for their soldier-like bearing and good discipline, who stood

by their colors and contested the fortunes of the day to the bitter end.

I have the honor to report that my regiment did the last firing upon and offered the latest resistance to the advance of the enemy which he received, and which checked his progress and ended the battle of Chickamauga.

Having been separated from my brigade and division commanders without orders, and not being in communication with any other general officer, I was not informed of the movements of the army, and held my regiment too closely engaged for the nature of the contest at dark.

The reference made to other officers and troops than those under my command is not intended as a report of any part of their conduct on the field, but to describe the position of my own command, yet I would be pleased to note the gallant conduct of the troops I have mentioned.

Our losses were as follows:

Casualties.	 Officers.	 Enlisted men.	 Total.

Killed and died of wounds.	 1	 47	 48

Wounded.	 3	 98	 101

Prisoners.	 12	 104	 116

Total.*	 16	 249	 265

Rounds of ammunition expended, 43,550.

We moved into action with 22 officers, and 517 men with rifles.

Very respectfully,

A. McMAHAN,

Major Twenty-first Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

CAMP CHASE, OHIO, April 12, 1864.

Major General J. S. NEGLEY:

GENERAL: As soon as I can obtain the necessary information I will submit a report, as complete as practicable, of the part taken by the Twenty-first Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the battle of Chickamauga, fought September 19 and 20, 1863.

To obtain this information I must, under present circumstances (being a paroled prisoner), inquire by letters for several facts which I wish to embody in it.

I will state here, however, that my report of the conduct of my regiment on the field during its participation in the battle referred to is now written, and so soon as the facts above alluded to are obtained will be submitted.

I would be pleased to have my report accompanied by a letter from you, showing why I received no orders from you before night, or in time to prevent so severe a loss of my command on the 20th of September, above referred to. Be assured, general, that the unfortunate officers [and men] of my command now suffering the miseries of imprisonment in the hands of the enemy, as well as myself, will

---------------

*See statement, p. 172.

---------------

