
[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

PERRYSBURG, OHIO, April 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General BRANNAN,

Comdg. Third Div., 14th A. C., September 20, 1863:

SIR: On the 12th instant I wrote General James S. Negley in regard

to the dispositions made of the Twenty-first Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, at the battle of Chickamauga, Sunday afternoon, September 20, 1863.

In reply I received his letter, dated Louisville, Ky., April 18, 1864, from which the following is an extract, viz:

During the battle on Sunday, and after my First and Second Brigades

were detached from my command, General Brannan applied earnestly for a regiment to support his position. The Twenty-first Ohio

Volunteers was sent to him for the purpose.

* * * * * *

The Twenty-first Ohio Volunteers remained under the immediate command of General Brannan, and, as I have been informed, covered

his retreat after dark.

I have lately returned from an imprisonment in the hands of the enemy, having been captured at the battle and on the day above

referred to, and intend to submit a statement of the conduct of my

regiment in said battle as soon as practicable.

My object in writing to you is to learn why I was not informed of

the withdrawal of the troops on the Horseshoe Ridge at dark, and

why I received no orders from you in regard to the retreat of my

own command. Having no ammunition and the troops having been

stealthily withdrawn from my flanks I was forced to meet the enemy

under serious disadvantages. The interposition of my regiment between the enemy and our retiring forces made their retreat an

easy matter after dark, as they were not disturbed in the even

tenor of their way toward Chattanooga.

I will be glad to accompany my report-which is now written-by a

letter containing such information as may seem proper to you.

Very respectfully,

A. McMAHAN,

Major Twenty-first Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

P. S.-Post-office: Perrysburg, Wood County, Ohio.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, Tenn., May 3, 1864.

Major A. McMAHAN,Twenty-first Ohio Volunteers:

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your

communication of April 22, 1864, inquiring wherefore you were not informed of the withdrawal of troops from your flanks, nor ordered

to withdraw your command of Twenty-first Ohio Volunteers from the Horseshoe Ridge on Sunday night, September 20, at Chickamauga, and

would state in reply that at the time of your command being captured no portion of my troops had been withdrawn from the field, nor had orders been issued to that effect.

The surrender of your command was accomplished so quietly as to escape the notice of all but the regiment on your immediate left,

the colonel of which promptly reported the fact to me, whereupon I

