
sent the Thirty-fifth Ohio Volunteers to hold the position, which

it did successfully against a subsequent attack of the rebels.

The extract quoted from Major-General Negley's letter of April 18, 1864, to the effect that the Twenty-first Ohio Volunteers covered

my retreat after dark is incorrect, as that duty was performed by the Sixty-eighth and One hundred and first Indiana Volunteer Regiments, being the only troops who had any ammunition whatever.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier General, Chief of Artillery, 14th Army Corps, Late Comdg. Third Division, 14th Army Corps.

P. S.-The troops on your right belonged to Major-General Cranger's corps and were withdrawn before you were captured without my being

notified of the fact. My command was not withdrawn for a considerable time after.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIRST REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFTY., Chattanooga, Tenn.,September 27, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to orders just received, I have the honor to submit the following as a report of the proceedings of my command since leaving Cave Spring, Ala.:

On September 1, 1863, the regiment left Cave Spring, Ala., taking up the line of march at about 7 p. m., Lieutenant Colonel D. M. Stoughton being in command. Passing through Stevenson we crossed the Tennessee River the same evening, bivouacked on south side of the

river until morning, going into bivouac at 1 a. m. of 2nd instant.

Took up line of march on morning of 2nd instant at 7 o'clock; went

into bivouac evening of 2nd at 4 o'clock, near Bridgeport, Ala., and near foot of Big Raccoon Mountain.

On 3rd we crossed Big Raccoon, the companies being scattered along the mountain to help the teams up. At about 3 p. m., the teams

being over, took up line of march and marched 6 miles, going into bivouac at about sundown.

On the 4th instant we marched to foot of the mountain and went into

bivouac about 4 p. m.

On the 5th a reconnaissance was made some 2 or 3 miles into the valley to the iron-works, capturing some salt and some tobacco. The

troops composing the reconnoitering force were Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Twenty-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and one section of Battery G, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery. No enemy was discovered during the day. The regiment went into bivouac at 5 p. m. Company D being detached on picket, did not rejoin the command until next day.

At daylight on the 6th the command was marched back to foot of Big Raccoon for knapsacks. After getting knapsacks started back and marched until about 6 p. m., when we went into bivouac.

On 7th we marched about 4 miles and reached the foot of Lookout Mountain.

On 8th we crossed Lookout; the companies were scattered along the mountain to assist the train up. The train was got over at 10 p. m., when we marched to the top and went into bivouac.

On the 9th we marched to the foot of the mountain and went into bivouac about 4 p. m.

