
Numbers 45.

Report of Captain Joseph Fisher, Seventy-fourth Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. SEVENTY-FOURTH REGT. OHIO VOL. INFANTRY, Chattanooga, Tenn., September 27, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with order received, I have the honor to make the following report of the proceedings of this command since leaving Cave Spring, Ala.:

September 1, 1863, left Cave Spring, Ala., at 6 p. m. Marched until 2 a. m., September 2, and halted for the night.

September 2 was ordered to march as train guards.

September 3 marched in the right center of brigade and assisted the artillery up Raccoon Mountain.

September 4 were advance guard; one company (Company C) thrown out as skirmishers, and Companies F and D, as pioneers, were ordered to encamp about 1 mile in advance of brigade.

September 5 and 6 remained in camp.

September 7, 1863, took up the line of march in left center of brigade.

Tuesday, 8th, assisted wagon train up Lookout Mountain; marched about 2 miles and encamped.

Wednesday, 9th, detailed 30 men to dig potatoes. By order of Colonel Sirwell, marched as rear guard to the foot of the mountain.

September 10 started at 7 a. m., went on reconnaissance on the left. Skirmished, and drove the enemy 1 mile. Encamped in a neck of woods to support Battery G, First Ohio Artillery.

September 11 changed position silently at 2 a. m., 40 men and 2 commissioned officers being detailed as skirmishers. Skirmished all day, in which privates Patrick McCain, Company F, was killed,* and William H. Griffith, Company A, severely wounded; Daniel Kimmel, Company G, slightly. The regiment, supporting Battery G, fell back to the foot of the mountain.

September 12 formed line of battle. Remained in camp the 13th, 14th, 15th, and 16th.

September 17, 1863, marched all day.

Friday, September 18, marched, at 3 p. m., about 5 miles, and encamped.

September 19 detailed as train guard; moved on still farther to the front, and at night took up our position.

Sunday, September 20, supported Battery G, First Ohio Artillery, in various parts of the field. Fell back within the gap, and encamped for the night.

September 21 threw up breastworks of logs, and lay in line of battle, with two companies detailed as skirmishers. Retreated in silence to Chattanooga at 11 p. m. John F. Boals, corporal, Company G, wounded in leg.

September 22 regiment detailed on picket duty at 6 a. m.; threw up breastworks of rails; in afternoon had brisk skirmishing with the enemy.

Wednesday, September 23, regiment remained on picket until 11 a. m., being relieved by the Nineteenth Regiment, Illinois Volunteers.

September 24 lay in camp all day; worked on fortifications at night.

---------------

*McCain was taken prisoner and subsequently died at Charleston, S. C.

---------------

