
September 25 still in camp; worked on fortifications at night.

September 26 and 27 still in camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH FISHER,

Captain Co. E, Comdg. 74th Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain CHAS. B. GILLESPIE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 46.

Report of Captain Alexander Marshall, Battery G, First Ohio Light Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTERY G, FIRST OHIO VOL. ARTILLERY, Chattanooga, September 29, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with your order, I herewith report proceedings of Battery G, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery, during the action of 19th and 20th instant:

Broke camp near Chickamauga Creek on the 19th instant, 12 m., when we moved as ordered to a position to the left, with the brigade near General Rosecrans' headquarters. At about half past 4 p. m. moved about 80 rods to the left, taking position on an elevation in the corner of an open field. Here remained harnessed and hitched in during the night.

At about 8 a. m., the 20th instant, one section in command of Lieutenant Bills moved down to the front about one-half a mile, and joined the brigade. About 9 a. m. moved as ordered, following Captain Schultz's battery to the left and rear; took several positions upon the hills in the woods as ordered by General Negley without firing. Opened the battery but once, firing not over 50 rounds, silencing a battery in our front which I think was one of our captured batteries that was turned by the enemy upon us.

About 3 p. m. moved to rear as ordered by General Negley, halting in an open field on low ground near the road where troops of the different divisions and corps were being reformed. At 5.30 moved to the rear with brigade, as ordered, halting for the night in an open field at cross-roads about 5 miles from Chattanooga, at camp formerly occupied by the enemy.

Ammunition expended, number of rounds, 294. Number of horses abandoned, 5.

ALEX. MARSHALL,Captain, Comdg. Battery G, First Ohio Vol. Artillery.

Captain F. SCHULTZ,

Chief of Artillery, Second Division, 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 47.

Reports of Brigadier General John M. Brannan, U. S. Army, commanding Third

Division.

HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Camp near Trenton, Ga., September 8, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward the following summary of the operations of my division during the advance from Winchester, Tenn., to this point:

On the 16th of August, being ordered to report to Major-General

