
Reynolds, commanding Fourth Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, I advanced, by his directions, from Winchester, on the Pelham road, via Decherd, and encamped that night at about 4 miles from Decherd.

On the following morning, August 17, I struck camp, but was unable to proceed, owing ot the delay of the Fourth Division in ascending the mountains.

On the 18th of August I ascended the mountain, and encamped, with my entire division, near University Place, two brigades being at that point and one 2 miles in advance.

On the 19th I commenced the descent of the mountain toward Sweeden's Cove, and succeeded in bringing the division, with the entire train, into camp at the head of that cove, late the same night.

I lay at Sweeden's Cove till the 22nd, when, in accordance with orders from General Reynolds, I advanced to Battle Creek, having thrown forward the Third Brigade (Colonel Van Derveer commanding) of my division the night previous to the mouth of Battle Creek.

This brigade met with no resistance in taking up a position, which in did in the earth-works erected by General McCook in 1862. The enemy's pickets were on the farther bank of the Tennessee River, but disappeared about the 24th instant.

In this position I remained until the 29th, during which stay I constructed a permanent bridge over Battle Creek, connecting the fords on the Tennessee River.

Having received permission to throw a brigade across the river, I ordered the Third Brigade (Colonel Van Derveer's) to cross the river, which he succeeded in doing without any opposition, completing the movement on the 31st, having previously sent two companies over before daylight on the 29th.

On the following day I commenced to cross with the entire division and completed the crossing on the 2nd of September, with the ammunition and baggage trains, having previously sent the supply train by way of Bridgeport.

The crossing was rendered most tedious and protracted from having no transportation further than the rafts hastily constructed from such lumber as we could pick up, rendering it necessary in many instances to partially unload the wagons before placing them on the rafts.

On the night of the 3rd I encamped at Graham's Station, and remained there the following day, waiting for the supply train to come up from Bridgeport, without which it was impossible for me to advance.

On the 4th (the train having come up) I proceeded through Hog Jaw Valley to Raccoon Mountain, ascending by Gordon's Mines, and succeeded in getting one brigade with its train up the mountain that day, encamping with my two remaining brigades at the foot of the mountain.

On the 5th I sent two brigades to this point, where they arrived, one at 10 a. m. and the other at 2 p. m. that day.

I succeeded in getting up the mountain with the remaining portion of my command, with the ammunition and supply trains, at 10 p. m. same day. The ascent at that point is exceedingly steep and dangerous for artillery and wagons, but by great care and exertion on part of the infantry, who acted admirably on the occasion, the artillery and wagons were brought up with but little damage, and the loss of two wagons only.

