
gade, whose fearlessness and calm judgment in the most trying situations added materially to the efficiency of his command, which he handled both days in the most skillful manner, punishing the enemy severely. As also the gallant and dashing Croxton, Fourth Kentucky Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, who, though severely and painfully wounded early the second day, remained on the field rallying and encouraging his men until utterly exhausted.

Colonel Connell, Seventeenth Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade, acted with coolness and judgment, and with his brigade rendered efficient service, fighting most gallantly.

Captain Church, commanding Fourth Michigan Battery, First Lieutenant F. G. Smith, commanding, and First Lieutenant Rodney, Battery I, Fourth U. S. Artillery, as also First Lieutenant Gary, commanding Company C, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery, are worthy of mention for their gallantry and the skill and judgment with which they worked their guns.

The opportune arrival of Major-General Granger's command, I consider, saved the army from total rout. Being left to my own resources by General Negley, whom I supposed to be on my right, I could not have held my position against another attack had not General Granger's troops got into position to prevent my being flanked on the right. I am indebted to General Steedman for a small supply of ammunition when I was depending solely on the bayonet for repulsing the next assault.

The staff of my division, Captain Louis J. Lambert, assistant adjutant-general; Captain George S. Roper, commissary of subsistence; Captain Lewis Johnson, Tenth Indiana Volunteers, provost-marshal; Lieutenant Ira V. Germain, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant T. V. Webb, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant Dunn, Tenth Kentucky Infantry, topographical engineer (missing), performed their duties with fearlessness and great gallantry, carrying my orders under the severest fire, and using every effort to rally and encourage the troops to return to their flag when a panic had evidently seized many, particularly of other divisions.

The medical director, Surgeon Tollman, Second Minnesota Volunteer Infantry, made successfully all the arrangements for the care of the wounded that could be expected considering their great number.

First Lieutenant J. W. White, ordnance officer, did his duty well, supplying the ammunition promptly under heavy fire until his communication with the line was cut off.

Brigadier General John Beatty joined me on the hill where our last stand was made and gave great assistance in rallying the troops and keeping them in position.

Colonel M. B. Walker, Thirty-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry, joined me shortly after we fell back to the ridge, and offered his services to me, as being in arrest he had no command. Being short of staff officers I accepted Colonel Walker's services, and well he served me and his country, rallying and collecting the men and encouraging them to stand by his energy and personal courage. I am much indebted to him.

The Thirty-eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry (Colonel Phelps commanding), of the First Brigade, was detailed on the 18th as guard to the supply and general train of the division, and being subsequently ordered across the river by General Rosecrans, was unable to participate in the engagements of either day.

