
The unavoidable absence of this splendid regiment is much to be regretted.

Total number engaged, 5,998.

Loss during 19th and 20th: Killed, 325; wounded, 1,639; missing, 210. Total, 2,174.*

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT,

Asst. Adjt. General, and Chief of Staff, 14th Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, 14TH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, Tenn., October 8, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Owing to the short period allowed me in which to make the official report of the part taken by my command in the battle of Chickamauga, I have the honor to submit the following addition and correction of the list of casualties to my report of the 30th September:

In the position where the last stand was made I omitted to mention the Twenty-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry, of General Negley's division, having fought bravely up to 5 p. m. when their ammunition entirely gave out, were surrendered at about 7 o'clock by Major McMahan (some 40 strong). It was then occupying a position on my right, which the rebels again attacked after nightfall with a furious discharge of musketry. The rebels were immediately afterward repulsed in the most gallant manner by the Thirty-fifth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Boynton commanding. Colonel Harker, commanding a brigade in Wood's division, held a position on my left, after retiring to the ridge, and acted with great courage and determination, pouring into the rebels an incessant roll of musketry for several hours, causing them to recoil with immense slaughter.

Colonel Hays, Tenth Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, commanded such portions of the Second Brigade of my division as were mustered on the ridge (after Colonel Croxton had been forced to leave the field by a severe wound), and behaved most gallantly during the entire action, keeping his command to the crest of the hill when he had not a cartridge left.

I desire particularly to mention First Lieutenant G. B. Rodney, of Smith's battery (I, Fourth U. S. Artillery), for distinguished gallantry on both days. He deserves promotion.

In recording the deserving conduct of my staff, I omitted to mention First Lieutenant Samuel J. Dick, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, assistant commissary of musters of this division, who was with me during the greater part of the engagement, and acted with conspicuous gallantry. Two of my orderlies, Private L. Ballinger, Company C, Seventeenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and Private J. Wimer, Company F, Thirty-eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry (wounded), who remained with me during the engagement of the 20th, are deserving the commanding general's special notice for remarkable bravery and assistance rendered in obtaining cartridges from the boxes of the killed and wounded for the fighting portion of the

command.

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 173.

---------------

