
mishing commenced on our front, but all was quiet on our front for some time. Our line about 8 o'clock commenced moving to the left. My orders were to move to the left, keeping my formation of two lines, and closing on the Second Brigade.

Heavy fighting was going on for hours on my left during the continued movement by the flank to the left, but nothing but slight skirmishing occurred for some time on my front. About 9 o'clock Stanley's brigade left our right flank, which was wholly exposed. I at once dispatched an aide to inform the commander of the division that the enemy were forming on our right and front about 300 yards distant, and received answer that my right would be supported, and in a short time a division moved down on to my right-I believe Van Cleve's.

About this time Captain Church got effective range upon the enemy then engaged to my left, and opened a continuous, rapid, and deadly fire, which was kept up, notwithstanding our continued movement to the left, for more than an hour.

The battle now steadily approached us from the left. At this time I received orders to move to the left, following Croxton's brigade and passing to the rear of Reynolds' division, but before the movement was executed the order was countermanded, and we remained in the same position, but the division on my right moved away, passing in my rear rapidly, and again uncovering and exposing my right flank. I was at this time left without support either in my rear or upon my right flank. I dispatched Lieutenant Davis, acting assistant adjutant-general, at once to inform the commander of the division of my critical position; threw out flankers to my right under command of Major Slocum, of the Eighty-second Indiana, to watch the enemy's approach there, where I knew it would be sure to come, and gave orders to the commanders of regiments to change front by the right flank as soon as the enemy appeared on that flank. These orders had scarcely been delivered before the enemy, making an oblique advance, following almost the retiring division on my right, most furiously and in tremendous force, attacked my front and flank. The Seventeenth Ohio, forming the right of my front, attempted to change front, but could not, and after vigorously resisting for a few moments, and when the enemy had approached on its front and flank to within 75 yards of its line, was completely broken on its right wing, which retired in confusion, soon followed in confusion by its left wing. The Eighty-second Indiana, forming the right of the rear line, very gallantly moved forward through the flying ranks of the Seventeenth Ohio and attacked the advancing enemy, then nearly inside of our breastworks, but was unable to stay, and fell back in confusion, at which time the whole brigade, together with the Second Brigade, broke in confusion and fled to the rear. In the meantime a portion of the Seventeenth Ohio had rallied and again moved forward upon the enemy, only, however, at great sacrifice, to be driven quickly back.

Before my brigade gave way, a large portion of the division which had passed to my rear, without firing a gun or making an effort to assist me, and without beint under direct fire, fled panic stricken from the field, hurrying away over, and running down the fleeing men of my command, whom I was vainly endeavoring to rally in the road and in the corn-field in rear of our position.

All efforts after this to rally my command seemed fruitless, but pushing after the fleeing men, and with scores of other officers en-

