
I refer to the regimental reports for incidents of individual heroism and gallantry, unparalleled in the history of hard-fought battles.

Under my personal observation came the truly heroic conduct of Colonel Hunter, Eighty-second Indiana; Lieutenant-Colonel Ward, Seventeenth Ohio, and Lieutenant-Colonel Lister, Thirty-first Ohio. The former charged with his brave command through our fleeing troops and retook, and, for a moment, held our breastworks, when wholly unsupported on right flank or rear.

Lieutenant-Colonel Ward, with the enemy all around him, our supports right and left fleeing, and in a storm of shells, bullets, and canister, rallied one-half of his command and charged forward to the breastworks. Lieutenant-Colonel Lister held his command in position after the line broke to the right of him, stayed with it as long as the battery could be worked, and himself left last of all, carrying off his regimental colors.

The staff officers of my brigade behaved well. Lieutenant Jacob M. Ruffner, Seventeenth Ohio Volunteers, acting provost-marshal, drew upon himself the attention of all by his daring and coolness. After our lines fell back he remained at the breastworks, standing with the colors of the Eighty-second Indiana in his hand, and firing with his revolvers upon the enemy. He was wounded, in the neck, painfully but not seriously.

Lieutenant Frank Spencer, Seventeenth Ohio Volunteers, acting topographical engineer, is missing, and is supposed to have been killed* on the road in rear of the breastworks, where he was most gallantly engaged in rallying our fleeing men.

Lieutenant T. R. Thatcher, Seventeenth Ohio Volunteers, brigade inspector, while rallying men, was struck from his horse (one already having been shot under him), and lay on the field until the enemy's lines had passed over him, when he succeeded in escaping. Lieutenant James J. Donohoe, Thirty-first Ohio Volunteers, acting commissary, while making his way through the enemy's lines on business in his department, was severely wounded, but still remained on duty.

Lieutenant Jacob C. Donaldson, Thirty-eighth Ohio, aide-de-camp, bravely and efficiently acted throughout the day; was in the thickest of the danger and received a shot through his clothes, which fortunately missed his body.

Captain A. J. Davis, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Robert H. Mullins, Twelfth Kentucky Regiment, aide-de-camp, bore themselves well on the field, and rendered most efficient service in the transmission of orders and rallying men.

I am happy to say that, notwithstanding the disasters of the 20th, on the 21st my command was all present, or accounted for in the sad list of casualties; was in perfect order and condition, in good spirits, and ready to meet the enemy with confidence.

The Thirty-eighth Ohio Volunteers, Colonel E. H. Phelps commanding, much to my regret, had been detached, on the 18th instant, to guard the general supply train. The duty assigned Colonel Phelps was well done, and by his efforts and supervision the train was all safely taken to the rear; but I shall ever regret that his very fine regiment, under his efficient command, could not have been with the brigade in its hour of trial.

In the confused retreat of the brigade, when forced from its posi-

---------------

*Spencer was not killed.

---------------

