
tion, it was possible only to bring out three of the pieces of Church's battery. Two of them were subsequently lost. Thus were lost five pieces, but all of the caissons were saved; and but 5 men of the battery wounded. And here I desire to bear testimony, not only to the extraordinary efficiency of and great service done by this battery, but to call attention to the heroic conduct of Captain Church, his officers and men, who continued to work their pieces when almost surrounded, and their support on the right gone.

I send herewith the reports* of Colonel Hunter, Eighty-second Indiana, and Lieutenant-Colonel Lister, Thirty-first Ohio. No report has been received from Lieutenant-Colonel Ward, Seventeenth Ohio, on account of his inability to prepare the same, from a dangerous wound received by him on the afternoon of the 20th. The casualties+of the brigade were as follows:

The three regiments which went into the fight had effective strength as follows, as per last morning report before the engagement: Seventeenth Ohio, 505; Thirty-first Ohio, 517; Eighty-second Indiana, 316.

At least 10 per cent. of this force were not in the engagements.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. CONNELL,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain LOUIS J. LAMBERT,

Assitant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 50.

Report of Captain Josiah W. Church, Battery D, First Michigan

Light Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MICHIGAN BATTERY,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 26, 1863.

CAPTAIN: On the morning of the 19th instant I was ordered by Colonel Connell, commanding First Brigade, Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, to take a position on the left of the Chattanooga road and about 50 yards in rear of the line of battle formed by the First Brigade at this point. I remained about half an hour, when I was ordered to follow the Seventeenth Ohio Volunteer Regiment, which order I immediately obeyed. We moved into the woods about 1 mile, where we found the Third Brigade, of the Third Division; they were in line of battle, Company I, Fourth Regular Artillery, being in position with them. Soon after the First Brigade joined the Third, Colonel Van Derveer, commanding Company I, Fourth Regular Artillery, placed his battery on my right, the Eighty-second Indiana Volunteer Infantry, commanded by Colonel Hunter, being on my right as support. In this position we were engaged by the enemy for a short time, when they were driven back by the fire of artillery and infantry. I then changed my front a little to the left.

---------------

*Not found.

+Embodied in revised statement, p. 172.

---------------

