
Lieutenant Smith placed one section of his battery on my left, commanding an open field in his front. In this position the Fifteenth Regiment Infantry acted as support on my left. Here we were soon hotly engaged by the enemy, they advancing on our front and left. As they advanced I fired shell until they were within about 200 yards, when, seeing the support on the left break, I ordered my men to double-shot their guns with canister, and firing low and rapidly, with the help of the Fourth Regular Battery and the infantry support on my right, the enemy were soon driven from our entire front so far as could be seen by me. During this engagement I had 2 men painfully but not seriously wounded. My officers and men without exception behaved like veterans, every man doing his duty faithfully.

From this position I was ordered farther to the right, after which, in accordance with orders from General Brannan, I changed position five times, but fired no more during the day, and at eve I retired with the First Brigade about 2 1/2 miles to the right and rear into an open field near a hospital and spring, where I bivouacked for the night.

Sunday, September 20, 1863, about 12 o'clock at night I received orders to move to the front about one-quarter of a mile, where I formed my battery in the front line on the right of The Seventeenth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and on the left of the Eleventh Michigan Regiment, belonging to Colonel Stanley's brigade of General Negley's division. In this position I remained until daylight. I then made several moves with the First Brigade, gaining ground to the left, on the same line as before, each time getting into position for action, doing, however, but little firing until we arrived at our last position. In this last position I was supported by the Seventeenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry on a line with my pieces and the Eighty-second Indiana Volunteer Infantry on a line with my limbers on the right; on the left, by the Thirty-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry on a line with my pieces and the Fourteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry on a line with the limbers. I had been in this position about one hour, when I received orders to limber up, the fighting being at this time very heavy on our left and was gradually coming toward our front. I had just obeyed the order to limber up when we were attacked.d I then gave the order, "Action rear," and engaged the enemy as they advanced. I had an enfilading fire on a portion of their advance, and by hard firing for about fifteen minutes I succeeded in checking the enemy and silencing their battery, which had been playing on our lines. I then ceased firing until the enemy again engaged our front, when, as soon as I ascertained their position, I commenced firing. We held our front in good order some twenty minutes, when the enemy advanced obliquely on our right and in such overwhelming numbers that my support on the right was obliged to give way while endeavoring to change their front.

The enemy were then so near I ordered the pieces to be doubleshotted with canister and kept the enemy back for a short time. As soon as the Seventeenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry arose and advanced to the line of rail breastworks raised and just left by the Seventeenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, but the fire was too heavy for a small body of men to contend with, and they were forced back. I should have changed my front to the right if I could have fired, but my support was in that direction, rendering it impossible to do so.

I then (after the Eighty-second Indiana Regiment had fallen back)

