
ordered my men to run the pieces off by hand. We succeeded in getting off four pieces through some small bushes about 50 yards in rear of our fighting position. Here three pieces were limbered up with much difficulty, under the most galling fire, and got away. The horses had been shot belonging to the other limbers, so that it was impossible to get them off the ground. My caissons had already been taken away by Sergt. S. E. Lawrence, who had been in charge of them during the 19th and 20th. I ordered the three pieces I had saved moved to the ridge in our rear, where the reserve artillery was planted at this time. The Seventeenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry had rallied and went in again only to be slaughtered and driven back. Lieutenants Corbin and Wheat and myself remained with a few men hoping to recover the pieces during the charge of the Seventeenth Regiment, but it was impossible. We then went to the rear on foot, my horse having been captured and Lieutenant Corbin having given his horse to Lieutenant-Colonel Ward, of the Seventeenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry (his having been shot), to rally his command. When I reached the hill occupied by the reserve artillery, the enemy were pouring a deadly enfilading fire on our right and pressing hard on our front. Here I fired a few rounds from the 12-pounder howitzer, commanded by Sergeant Hazard. By this time nearly all my horses had been shot down and 3 cannoneers wounded, and we were obliged to leave two of the pieces on this ridge, getting away only one 12-pounder howitzer. I then moved what I had left of my battery to the rear on the Chattanooga road.

My officers and men behaved, without a single exception, as veteran soldiers, obeying orders and attending to their duties. Lieutenants Corbin, Sawyer, and Fuller did their duty nobly during the two days' fight, and Lieutenant Wheat, although sick with a fever, could not be kept off the field on the 20th; although feeble in health, he was strong in heart and rendered me valuable service during my last engagement. Sergt. S. E. Lawrence deserves the utmost credit for his conduct while in charge of the line of caissons, and by obeying orders promptly and watching our movements, saved all the caissons and brought them off the field in good order. Sergt. S. W. Allen also deserves great praise for his coolness and courage; he remained with his gun, defending it with his revolver until he had discharged the last round and came near being run through with a rebel bayonet, when he made his escape. His piece was left on the ground for want of help to get it off. As my number of cannoneers were short the day previous, I was obliged to take a portion of his detachment to assist in getting off another piece. Sergeants Seymour, Hazard, Haymaker, and Durfey deserve credit for their determination and courage. All my corporals discharged their duties faithfully and deserve all credit. My saddler, H. J. Bartlett, deserves much praise for his services in getting my battery wagon, forge, and headquarters wagons off the field in good condition, they being nearly surrounded by the enemy before he was aware of his condition. During the two days' fight I had 1 sergeant and 6 men wounded, and 4 men missing. I received a slight wound on my left arm from a spent musket ball.

It here becomes my duty as well as a great pleasure to tender my thanks, as well as those of my officers and men, to Colonel J. M. Connell and staff for their efficiency and noble deeds on the battle-field during the two days' battle.

I also tender the thanks of myself, officers, and men to the Sev-

