
enteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, the Thirty-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and Eighty-second Indiana Volunteer Infantry and their gallant commanders for the handsome manner in which they fought in support of my battery during the fight.

With respect, I remain, &amp;c.,

J. W. CHURCH,

Captain, Comdg. Fourth Michigan Battery.

Captain A. J. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Nol 51.

Report of Colonel Charles W. Chapman, Seventy-fourth Indiana Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 27, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I submit the following report of the part taken by the Second Brigade, Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, on the 19th and 20th days of September, 1863:

On the night of the 18th instant this brigade, with the balance of the division, Colonel John T. Croxton, of the Fourth Regiment Kentucky Infantry, commanding, marched from Morgan's Ford on the Chickamauga Creek, in Walker County, Ga., along the Chattanooga road, obliquing to the right where this road intersects with the road leading to Ringgold.

The brigade was on the march all night of the 18th instant; arrived in the vicinity of the enemy about 6 o'clock in the morning of the 19th. After halting and taking a hasty cup of coffee, firing was heard in front; the column was immediately on the march forward, on the Ringgold road. The colonel commanding was here informed that a brigade of the enemy had been cut off, and was immediately in our front, supposed to be in the vicinity of the Chickamauga Creek. We advanced about 1 mile on this road (Ringgold) and formed line of battle in the woods, facing nearly east, the Seventy-fourth Indiana on the right, Colonel C. W. Chapman commanding; the Fourth Kentucky, Lieutenant Colonel P. B. Hunt commanding, on the left; the Tenth Indiana, Colonel W. B. Carroll commanding, in the center, these three regiments forming the front line; Fourteenth Ohio, Lieutenant Colonel H. D. Kingsbury commanding; Tenth Kentucky, Colonel William H. Hays commanding, forming the reserve. Skirmishers were thrown out in front, under command of Major Van Natta, of the Tenth Indiana. They advanced but a short distance when they were charged upon by the rebel cavalry, supposed to be those under the command of Forrest. The skirmishers immediately returned to the line. The advance line gave them one volley, fixed bayonets, and charged, which caused them to "skedaddle' in haste, with considerable loss.

The line of battle was immediately reformed, and skirmishers advanced again under command of the same officer, who soon after was wounded and taken from the field. The skirmishers advanced about 500 yards, when they came in contact with the enemy's skirmishers. After considerable firing on both sides, a flank movement

