
was discovered. The reserve regiments were at once brought forward, the Fourteenth Ohio on the right and the Tenth Kentucky on the left.

I was here ordered by Colonel Croxton, commanding the brigade, to take command of the right wing, leaving Lieutenant-Colonel Baker in command of the Seventy-fourth Indiana.

An advance being ordered, the troops moved forward steadily, and with a determination to drive the enemy from the field, but, instead of finding one brigade to contend with, we had the combined forces of Longstreet and Breckinridge.

We succeeded in checking them, but they soon recovered, and being in force they soon commenced flanking us on the right. We were compelled to fall back, which was done in good order.

A new line of battle was now formed on the right, and nearly at right angles with the first, for the purpose of meeting the flank movement being made by the enemy, and again advanced this line, driving the enemy before us a short distance. At this time, our ammunition being nearly exhausted, we fell back to a ridge and there held our position until we were relieved by King's brigade of General Baird's division. The brigade then returned to the rear of the battery (which had been ordered back about 300 yards, to take position on a ridge commanding an open field in our rear, so that if the enemy forced us back beyond it the battery could rake them with grape and canister), forming line of battle on the right and left of it, and replenished the men with 60 rounds of ammunition. It was in this last charge (before we were relieved by King's brigade) that we lost very heavily in officers and men. Colonel Carroll, Tenth Indiana, fell mortally wounded, and Lieutenant Colonel P. B. Hunt was severely wounded in the leg. Both were, however, brought from the field.

It soon became apparent that the enemy was driving King's brigade. This brigade being again ordered to advance, moved by the flank to the right (in order that it might be unmasked by King's command about 400 yards. The positions of the regiments were, viz: Fourteenth Ohio on the right, Fourth Kentucky on its left, Seventy-fourth Indiana on left of Fourth Kentucky, the Tenth Indiana on left of Seventy-fourth, the Tenth Kentucky on left of Tenth Indiana, and the Thirty-first Ohio, Lieutenant-Colonel Lister commanding, which had been ordered at the beginning of the action to our support, on the extreme left. I was directed by Colonel Croxton to take command of the right wing, he remaining on the left.

The enemy was now approaching us en masse of not less than three columns, and was giving us a heavy fire of grape and canister. The order was given to charge, which was done in fine style, and with the determination to drive the enemy, which they did, some 300 yards, capturing their battery of five guns and bringing them from the field. In this charge the left of the brigade retook seven pieces of artillery, five guns belonging to the Indiana Cavalry,*and two Parrots of First Michigan, and brought them off the field. There was a desperate struggle for the ground, but, they being in such overpowering force, and flanking us again on the right, we were compelled to fall back, which we did in good order, and disputing every foot of ground until we came to a good position, which we held until relieved by Johnson's division.

In the last charge we again lost heavily, as the list of killed and

---------------

*See report of Captain E. Lilly, Eighteenth Indiana Battery, p. 466.

---------------

