
wounded will show. It was in this charge that my horse was shot from under me, and fell heavily upon me, breaking my arm and injuring me seriously otherwise, but I continued on the field during the balance of the day.

The brigade again retired to the crest of the hill and took position by the battery, where we rested until about 4 o'clock, when we were again ordered to march by the right flank, through the woods, into a field across the Chattanooga road, then marched into line of battle south about 1 mile, to the hospital tent of the Seventy-ninth Ohio. We remained there in line until dark, when we marched by the flank into an open field on our right and bivouacked for the night.

During this day's engagement Company C, First Regiment Ohio Artillery, under command of First Lieutenant M. B. Gary, had no opportunity of taking any part in the action, on account of the nature of the ground, but was always ready and willing to do so. During the day he had 2 men wounded.

On the morning of the 20th, about 4 o'clock, we again marched out by the flank across the Chattanooga road at Kelly's house, leaving it to our left, and took position holding the front line. Skirmishers were thrown forward, but the enemy did not appear to confront us closely. We remained in this position about one hour. The brigade then moved to the left, by the flank, about 300 yards and formed on the left of Reynolds' division, the Seventy-fourth and Tenth Indiana in the front line, and the Fourteenth Ohio, Fourth Kentucky, and Tenth Kentucky in the rear. The front regiments threw up some rude fortifications, which protected them from the fire of the enemy, who often came within 40 yards of them, but was each time driven back with great slaughter, when by a flank movement on our right the brigade was compelled to change front, and in so doing the brigade became separated and at the same time Colonel Croxton was seriously wounded in the leg, and was compelled to abandon the field.

What remained of the brigade was under the command of Colonel William H. Hays, Tenth Kentucky, to whom I refer you for further report of second day's proceedings. The Seventy-fourth and Tenth Indiana, having reported to General Reynolds, fought with him during the day.

The brigade lost very heavily in killed and wounded. See reports of regimental commanders, copies of which I herewith submit.

I cannot close this report without mentioning the manner in which the staff of the colonel commanding the brigade acquitted themselves. Lieutenant Charles V. Ray, acting assistant adjutant-general; Charles B. Mann, provost-marshal, who was seriously wounded while carrying dispatches on the field; Captain J. W. Riley, topographical engineer; Wilbur F. Spofford, assistant inspector-general, and John E. Simpson, aide-de-camp (who, I regret to say, is among the missing, and is supposed to have been captured), all did their duty, always found upon the field in the thickest of the battle, and for the assistance [they gave] me while in command of the brigade the first day, I return them my thanks.

The total number of casualties in the two days' fighting is: Officers killed, 5; officers wounded, 48. Enlisted men killed, 120; enlisted men wounded, 665. Officer missing, 1; enlisted men missing, 88. Total killed, wounded, and missing, 926.*

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 173.

---------------

27 R R-VOI XXX, PT I

