
The effective force of the brigade was on the day of battle: Officers, 115; enlisted men, 2,164. Battery officers, 4; enlisted men, 118. Aggregate, 2,401.

Before closing this report I must testify to the manner in which the officers of the brigade conducted themselves on the trying occasion of each day, and I refrain from particularizing individual instances of heroic daring and gallantry, for where all do their duty bravely and well, as the officers of this brigade did on this occasion, it would be unjust and improper to make distinctions and institute comparisons by which others equally deserving and meritorious might be injured.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

C. W. CHAPMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

[Captain LOUIS J. LAMBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.]

Numbers 52.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Myron Baker, Seventy-fourth Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. 74TH REGT. IND. INF., 2nd BRIG., 3rd DIV., 14TH A. C.,Chattanooga, September 25, 1863.

SIR: On the night of the 18th instant the Seventy-fourth Indiana Infantry, Colonel Charles W. Chapman commanding, together with the brigade to which it belongs. Colonel John T. Croxton commanding, marched left in front from Morgan's Ford, on the Chickamauga Creek, Walker County, Ga., along the Chattanooga road, obliquing to the right where this road intersects with the road leading to Ringgold. The regiment was on the march all night.

At about 9 a. m. of the 19th instant the brigade, having moved up the Ringgold road about 1 mile, was halted and line of battle formed in the woods facing nearly east. The Seventy-fourth Indiana held the right of the front line, the Tenth Indiana being on its immediate left. At about 10 a. m. the line was advanced, changing direction slightly toward the right. When the line had advanced about one-half a mile in the direction above indicated, the skirmishers thrown forward in our front became engaged and in a short time were driven in by the rebel cavalry, which in turn was repulsed by a volley from the Fourth Kentucky, Tenth Indiana, and Seventy-fourth Indiana. The skirmishers again being thrown forward the men were ordered to lie down to screen themselves from shells which were being thrown into the line by a rebel battery. In a few minutes after the attack by the rebel cavalry in front, it was discovered that the enemy was attempting to turn our right, and the line was immediately changed fronting in that direction at almost right angles with the original line of battle. The Seventy-fourth Indiana executed the movement under a sharp fire from the rebels. The skirmishers in front having changed direction parallel with the line were soon drive back and the whole line became engaged with the line of the enemy. In a short time it became apparent that the

