
Loss during the first day:

Officers mortally wounded, since deal 2

Officers wounded 9

Enlisted men killed 20

Enlisted men wounded 110

Missing 7

----

Aggregate killed, wounded, and missing 148

On the morning of the 20th instant, having supplied the men under my command with 60 additional rounds of ammunition, I was ordered to relieve the Fourth Kentucky to enable that regiment to get breakfast. I executed the order, deploying Companies H and C (they having no commissioned officers present), under command of Lieutenant C. C. Beane as skirmishers. Before the deployment was finished 1 man from Company C was wounded.

About 8 a. m. the Seventy-fourth Indiana, with the Tenth Indiana on its immediate right, moved to the left and joined on the Seventy-fifth Indiana, the right regiment of Reynolds' division. The skirmishers moved to the left at the same time covering our front. The Seventy-fourth Indiana occupied a low ridge of ground with an open field in front (in which were some scattered trees) on the extreme left of the Second Brigade. On the brow of this ridge I caused the men to construct a rude breastwork of logs and rails behind which they could take shelter from the enemy's musketry, and which proved to be of very great advantage in the subsequent fight. At about 10.30 a. m. the firing, which had been very heavy to my left and along the line of Reynolds' division, struck my line of battle. I ordered the men to kneel down behind their works and hold their fire until the enemy were within 60 or 70 yards of our line. The companies of skirmishers were soon driven in, but not a shot was fired by us until the rebels who were charging on us with a yell had come within 70 yards of us, when I ordered the men to rise up and commence firing. The men mostly aimed deliberately and fought with a spirit and determination which could not well be surpassed, for the comparative security and strength of their position gave them increased confidence. The Seventy-fourth Indiana and Tenth Indiana held their position, keeping up an incessant and untiring fire, until their ammunition was nearly exhausted, when they were ordered to cease firing, fix bayonets, and await the nearer approach of the foe. Twice during this engagement the enemy was thrown into confusion and driven back from before our position. About this time the line to the right of the Tenth Indiana gave way, and the rebels made their appearance in an open field on the right flank of the Tenth Indiana. Lieutenant-Colonel Taylor, commanding that veteran regiment, changed his front almost perpendicularly to the rear, and the Seventy-fourth Indiana protected the original line until he had completed that movement, when I faced the regiment by the rear rank and formed line of battle on his right at an acute angle with the original line and in rear of a fence and some old log buildings. Here the regiment fought until its ammunition was completely exhausted, and the rebels were driven back from the open field over which they were advancing.

At this time the Tenth and Seventy-fourth Indiana were separated from the rest of the brigade, which had been sent to the right to fill a breach in the line, and Lieutenant-Colonel Taylor, being the ranking officer, took command of both regiments. The regiment now

