
moved through the woods toward the left, and awaited the arrival of ammunition in an open ground where Hazen's brigade was lying behind some log fortifications.

About 4 p. m. we got a supply of ammunition and occupied a position behind the breastworks, from which Hazen's brigade had been withdrawn. When the retreat commenced in the evening we were the last to leave that part of the field, and brought away with us one section of artillery, which was in rear of all the infantry, except the Tenth and Seventy-fourth Indiana. These regiments both left that part of the field in good order under a severe artillery fire from the enemy, and halted and formed line of battle facing the enemy on a hill where General Steedman's division had been fighting. The Seventy-fourth and Tenth Indiana were the last organized bodies of infantry that left that ground. About 8.30 p. m. the two regiments moved from that point toward Rossville by the right flank, the Seventy-fourth Indiana in front, followed by the Tenth Indiana.

On the 20th the loss of this regiment was light, and is attributable to the fact that the men in the heat of the engagement were most of the time protected by the rude fortifications they had constructed in the morning. Adjt. George C. Smith and Captain W. N. Rogers were the only commissioned officers injured on this day, and no enlisted man was killed.

Recapitulation of second day's engagement:

Officers wounded 2

Enlisted men wounded 6

Missing 4

-----

Aggregate killed, wounded, and missing 12

Killed, wounded, and missing, 19th instant 148

-----

Aggregate loss, September 19 and 20, 1863 160

I will only add that I am fully satisfied with the behavior of both officers and men on the trying occasions of each day, and I refrain from particularizing individual instances of heroic daring and gallantry, for where all do their duty bravely and well it would be unjust and improper to make distinctions which might seem invidious and institute comparisons by which others equally deserving and meritorious might be injured.

MYRON BAKER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Seventy-fourth Regt. Indiana Infty.

Lieutenant CHARLES V. RAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 53.

Report of Colonel William H. Hays, Tenth Kentucky Infantry.
HDQRS. 10TH KY. VOL. INFTY., 2nd BRIG., 3rd DIV., 14TH A. C.,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 27, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Tenth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry in the battle fought on Saturday and Sunday, September 19 and 20:

After marching the whole of Friday night I was notified at 7 a. m.

