
Saturday that a brigade of the enemy were in our front, and that my regiment would proceed with the brigade to immediately attack the enemy. My regiment was formed in the second line of battle in rear of the Fourth Kentucky, and on the extreme left of the line, and marched forward in line of battle. In a very few minutes sharp skirmishing commenced in the front, when I received an order to move my regiment to the left of the Fourth Kentucky in doublequick time, thus occupying the extreme left of the line. Our skirmishers were driven in by a body of the enemy's cavalry, but a volley put them to flight. I now received an order to march by the right flank, to take a new position at almost right angles to the first. Here we met the enemy in force and had a most hotly contested fight, Company B alone, of my regiment, losing in one hour 20 men killed and wounded.

Seeing the enemy about to turn my left flank, I ordered a charge and drove them in confusion some 200 yards, when I in turn was compelled to fall back to the crest of the hill originally occupied by me. Here again, in connection with the rest of the brigade, my regiment made a desperate and successful resistance to a largely superior force, driving them completely back from the field. My ammunition being exhausted, I received an order from Colonel John T. Croxton, commanding brigade, to fall back to the rear for a new supply.

I immediately retired across the Ringgold road to an open space, filling the cartridge-boxes of the men, when I was again ordered to the front. The men, although wearied from the loss of sleep and two hours' hard fighting, responded to the summons with the greatest alacrity. I marched forward in line of battle on the left of the Ringgold road and took a position on the top of a long descending slope in an open woods, the Tenth Indiana on my right, the Thirty-first Ohio on my left. Here again we met the enemy in large force. I afterward ascertained from prisoners that it was the rebel General Walker's division.

Finding the enemy very stubborn, my men being shot down in large numbers, and seeing what I supposed to be a battery of artillery in position ahead of me, I ordered a bayonet charge, which was received with loud cheers by my men; the Tenth Indiana and Thirty-first Ohio both came gallantly up to my assistance, and we completely route the rebels, they flying before us in the greatest confusion. What I had taken for a battery of the enemy proved to be five guns of the Fourth Indiana Artillery and two Parrots of the First Michigan, which had been captured by the enemy; the guns were immediately sent to our rear. The enemy were now reported as trying to turn our right flank. The Thirty-first Ohio was double-quicked by the right flank, leaving my regiment again on the extreme left. I now followed the Tenth Indiana by the right flank and joined the rest of the brigade, when we were again attacked by a large force and compelled to fall back, which was done in some disorder. Arriving on the crest of a small hill, my regiment and the a well directed fire upon the enemy, checking his advance. The whole brigade rallied and we again drove the enemy back and held our position until relieved at 2 p. m. by General Johnson's division,

of the Twenty-first Army Corps.

Upon being relieved I fell back as ordered about one-half mile in a southwesterly direction and rested until 4 p. m., when I received an order to march with the brigade. We proceeded in a southwest

