
ion of General James B. Steedman. I then withdrew my regiment about 200 yards and replenished our exhausted ammunition, and rested the troops for about half an hour, when the Third Brigade, which was posted on this same hill to the left of position from which we had been relieved by General Steedman, was furiously assaulted by a large column of the enemy, and we were ordered forward to their support. The troops went forward with great determination at a double-quick, and took position behind a temporary fortification of rails, immediately on the left of the Third Brigade, Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, and poured a most destructive fire into the advancing columns of the enemy, which staggered them for a moment, but they rallied and advanced again and again. It seemed two or three times it would be impossible to hold our position, so overwhelming was the force of the enemy, but our troops, being partially screened by the rails, poured volley after volley into their masses, so well aimed that after three hours of most desperate fighting the enemy withdrew, just as our ammunition was exhausted and General Brannan had ordered the men to fix their bayonets and receive the enemy on their points if they again advanced. During the whole fight the men never wavered or gave an inch, and the officers of my regiment all were at their posts encouraging their men; several of them took the guns of their wounded men and shot away every cartridge in their boxes. The regiment suffered severely in this fight. The list of killed and wounded are reported in a report heretofore made by Colonel W. H. Hays.

Lieutenant H. H. Warren, of Company A, was here wounded in the ankle while doing his duty manfully, as was also Lieutenant W. E. Kelly, who was shot while in the center of the regiment bearing the flag and encouraging the men. After night had well sent in we, in obedience to orders received from General Brannan in person, withdrew the regiment from its position on the hill and marched to Rossville, reaching that place at 12 o'clock, where we rested for the night.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

G. C. WHARTON,

Lieutenant Colonel Tenth Kentucky Vol. Infantry, Comdg.

Lieutenant CHARLES V. RAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 55.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry D. Kingsbury, Fourteenth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. FOURTEENTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 26, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following as a report of the part taken during the two days' engagement with the enemy by my command:

The morning of the 19th, before any firing was commenced, after moving in line, my command occupied the right of the second line, in rear of the Tenth Indiana, consisting of 18 commissioned officers and 442 enlisted men.

In this position we advanced 500 yards when we were ordered to the extreme right of the front line, where skirmishers were thrown out covering our front.

