
A heavy force of infantry were seen approaching our extreme right, and the Seventy-fourth Indiana were formed upon our right to meet them. The enemy advanced with three colums of infantry, without skirmishers, and forced us to retire.

In the afternoon, when the advance was again made more to the right, our position was still on the extreme right.

In this position we were ordered to [move] forward until we came to an open field or the left of the line should halt. In this position we advanced about 200 yards, when the enemy's skirmishers were met and driven back. We then charged upon their line and drove them for over 200 yards, when our line met a superior force and, being outflanked, retired fighting. We were then moved to the right, but without any more fighting. We lay in an open field near where the brigade was halted for breakfast till 6.30 p. m., when we were ordered to the rear for the night. Our loss during the day was 29 killed, 7 commissioned officers and 130 enlisted men wounded, and 31 reported missing.

At 3 o'clock the morning of the 20th we moved by the right flank to the right of the road, and took position in the second line, in rear of the Thirty-first Ohio and a battery, and on the right of the Tenth Kentucky.

We were in this position when the line on our right was turned, and held the position until the right was so far driven back that the enemy held position in our rear, and were forced to retire. We fell back across the field, and there rallied what men I could and formed them upon the hill. During the confusion my command became separated and were kept so during the day; but from what fell under my own observation I can report that I never saw men, disorganized as they were, fight better.

The major and several other of the officers, with what men they could rally, remained upon the hill to the right of the hospital (on the right), and fought until the enemy fell back and gave up the contest. It was 6.30 p. m. when they were withdrawn and moved to the rear.

The confusion which we were at times thrown into renders a more explicit report impracticable. Our colors were shot down three times on the 19th and twice on the 20th, but were bravely defended and brought from the field at night.

The loss on the 20th was 7 men killed, 1 commissioned officer and 29 men wounded, and 12 missing.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. D. KINGSBURY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain LOUIS J. LAMBERT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 56.

Report of Lieutenant Marco B. Gary, Battery C, First Ohio Light Artillery.
HDQRS. COMPANY C, 1ST REGT. OHIO VOL. ARTILLERY,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 28, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by Battery C, First Regiment Ohio Volunteer Artillery,

