
in the late battle of the 19th and 20th instant, also the killed and wounded and material expended or abandoned.

At 8 o'clock on the morning of the 19th instant, by order of Colonel Croxton, commanding the Second Brigade, Third Division, of the Fourteenth Army Corps, I moved forward in the second line of the brigade then in the face of the enemy, and as soon as our skirmishers were engaged took a position indicated by Colonel Croxton in a small open field, supported on my right by the Fourteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and on my left by the Fourth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry. The infantry then advanced a considerable distance into the timber and engaged the enemy, who were in heavy force. Twenty minutes later, by order of Colonel Croxton, I moved to the front, and found the infantry already falling back before a superior force of the enemy; and before our infantry had uncovered my front so as to admit my fire upon the enemy, I received orders from Colonel Croxton to fall back and take position on a ridge to the right and rear of that first occupied. From this position I threw a few shells at a high elevation, and over the heads of the infantry, for effect only. Three successive times during the day I was ordered by Colonel Croxton to a position in the face of the enemy, and each time the infantry were driven back so rapidly that I was again ordered to the rear as soon as I had obtained a position bearing on the enemy.

The ground on which I maneuvered on the 19th was so densely covered with timber and underbrush as to render rapid movements of artillery exceedingly difficult and uncertain.

My loss in the first day's engagement was 1 man severely wounded and 1 horse killed.

On the morning of the 20th, at 7 o'clock, by order of Colonel Croxton, I took position on the rear line of the brigade, and as the enemy attacked the brigade I received orders from Colonel Croxton to send two 12-pounder pieces to the front. I accordingly ordered Lieutenant Turner forward, who took position in easy range and opened on the enemy with shell and spherical case with fine effect.

Thirty minutes later I received orders from Colonel Croxton to move forward on the front line with the balance of the battery, take position on the left of Lieutenant Turner, and open fire on the enemy as soon as he appeared in force. I immediately moved by piece into position leaving my caissons 50 yards in rear, partially covered by a ridge in front, and in charge of First Sergeant Shaw, by whom they were handled, as on the day previous, in a very efficient manner.

A heavy column of the enemy immediately appeared marching by the flank directly across my front, and at a distance of 600 yards from my pieces. I opened fire upon him with shell and spherical case.

Changing direction to the right, he attacked in great force the line on which I was posted, and about 200 yards to my right, and after capturing nearly all of the Fourth Michigan Battery and driving away the infantry, he pushed to within 100 yards of my right piece. Changing the direction of my fire to the right oblique, I threw canister into his solid masses with great rapidity, and I have reason to believe with fine effect, my guns some portion of the time being double shotted with canister.

The enemy soon fell back so far as to allow the infantry on my right to regain their position on the front line.

Fifteen minutes later the support on my right again fell back, and the enemy again advanced on a line nearly perpendicular to my original front and to within 100 yards of the battery.

