
Ten to fifteen minutes later, having no support on my right, with a loss of 13 men killed and wounded, and 25 horses killed, and believing it impossible to save the battery, after further resistance I moved the battery without orders to the left and rear, where I fell in, and, by order of General Brannan, moved with the troops of Major-General Negley's command.

Of the conduct of the officers of the battery, Lieutenants Turner, King, and Stephens, to particularize that of either could only be to the prejudice of the others, they all having done their whole duty.

To the non-commissioned officers and privates too much credit cannot be given. To them mainly is due the credit of saying the battery from capture, for so great was the loss of horses that several of the pieces had to be drawn far to the rear by hand, and the only piece lost in the engagement was abandoned after being dismounted and the linch-pins thrown away 200 yards to the rear, the men becoming too much exhausted to drag it farther by hand.

My loss in the two days' engagement is 4 men killed, 9 men wounded, and 26 horses killed, 1 6-pounder James rifled gun and 1 caisson abandoned.

The following is a list of the killed and wounded, material expended or captured in the two days' engagements:

Killed, 1 sergeant and 3 privates; wounded, 9 privates.

Number of horses killed and captured, 26; number of 6-pounder James' rifled guns captured, 1; number of caissons captured, 1; number of rear parts of caissons captured 2; number of rounds of ammunition expended, 498.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. B. GARY,

Lieutenant, Commanding Company.

Captain JOSIAH W. CHURCH,

Chief of Artillery, 3rd Division, 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 57.

Report of Colonel Ferdinand Van Derveer, Thirty-fifth Ohio Infantry,

commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. 3rd BRIGADE 3rd DIVISION, 14TH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 25, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Third Brigade in the action of the 19th and 20th instant, near the Chickamauga.

My command consisted of the Second Minnesota, Colonel George; the Ninth Ohio, Colonel Kammerling; the Thirty-fifth Ohio, Lieutenant-Colonel Boynton; the Eighty-seventh Indiana, Colonel Gleason; and Battery I, Fourth Artillery, First Lieutenant F. G. Smith. Our effective strength on the morning of the 19th instant was 1,788 officers and men.

After a fatiguing march during the night of the 18th, and without any sleep or rest, while halting near Kelly's house, on the Rossville and La Fayette road, I received an order from Brigadier-General Brannan, commanding Third Division, to move with haste along the road to Reed's Bridge over the Chickamauga, take possession of a

