
guns and Smith with one section. He advanced rapidly, my left giving way slowly until his flank was brought opposite my right wing, when a murderous and enfilading fire was poured into his ranks by the infantry, and by Rodney's section shotted with canister. Notwithstanding this he steadily moved up his second and third lines. Having observed his great force as well as the persistency of his attack, I had sent messenger after messenger to bring up the Ninth Ohio, which had not yet returned from its charge, made from my original right. At last, however, and when it seemed impossible for my brave men longer to withstand the impetuous advance of the enemy, the Ninth came gallantly up in time to take part in the final struggle, which resulted in his sullen withdrawal. In this last attack his loss must have been very severe. In addition to the heavy fire of the infantry, our guns were pouring double charges of canister in front and on his flank, at one time delivered at a distance not exceeding 40 yards. During the latter part of the contest re-enforcements had arrived, and were by General Brannan, then present, formed in line for the purpose of supporting my brigade, but they were not actively engaged at this time.

Our dead and wounded were gathered up, and a new line, under the supervision of General Brannan, was formed. The enemy, however, made no further demonstration, and quietly withdrew. A small number of prisoners were taken, who reported that the force opposed to us was two divisions of Longstreet's corps, one commanded by General Hood. They fought with great obstinacy and determination, only retreating when fairly swept away by our overwhelming fire.

After the second withdrawal of the enemy, our empty cartridgeboxes were replenished from wagons sent on the field by the general commanding division. After resting my command for an hour or more, I was ordered to report to Major-General Reynolds. Immediately moving toward his position, we arrived near Kelly's house just before sundown, and there, by direction of General Brannan, went into bivouac.

At 8 o'clock the next morning, Sunday, the 20th September, 1863, my brigade was posted as a reserve in rear of the First and Second Brigades of the division, formed in two lines of columns closed en masse, where we remained for about an hour, slowly moving over toward the left for the purpose of occupying the space between the Third and Reynolds' divisions. Here I received an order to move quickly over to the left and support General Baird, who, it was said, was being hard pressed by the enemy.

I wheeled my battalions to the left, deployed both lines, and moved through the woods parallel to the Chattanooga road, gradually swinging round my left until when, in rear of Reynolds' position, I struck the road perpendicularly at a point just north of Kelly's house, near and back of his lines.

On approaching the road, riding in advance of the brigade, my attention was called to a large force of the enemy moving southward in four lines, just then emerging from the woods at a run, evidently intending to attack Reynolds and Baird, who were both hotly engaged, in the rear, and apparently unseen by these officers. I immediately wheeled my lines to the left, facing the approaching force, and ordered them to lie down. This movement was not executed until we received a galling fire delivered from a distance of 200 yards. At the same time a rebel battery, placed in the road about 500 or 600

