
to place the Thirty-fifth Ohio across that flank to prevent a surprise. This had scarcely been done before a rebel force appeared in the gloom directly in their front. A mounted officer rode to within a few paces of the Thirty-fifth Ohio and asked, "What regiment is that?" To this some one replied, "The Thirty-fifth Ohio." The officer turned suddenly and attempted to run away, but our regiment delivered a volley that brought horse and rider to the ground and put the force to flight. Prisoners said this officer was the rebel General Gregg.

At 7 p. m. an order came from Major-General Thomas that the forces under General Brannan should move quietly to Rossville. This was carried into execution under the direction of Captain Cilley, of my staff, in excellent order.

During the whole of the two days' fighting my brigade kept well together, at all times obeying orders promptly and moving with almost as much regularity and precision as if upon drill. They were subjected to a very severe test on the 19th, when, being actively engaged with the enemy, another brigade (not of this division) ran panic-stricken through and over us, some of the officers of which shouted to our men to retreat or they certainly would be overwhelmed, but not a man left the ranks, and the approaching enemy found before him a wall of steel. Private Savage, of Smith's battery, struck one of the retreating officers with his sponge and damned him for running against his gun.

Our loss in the engagements of both days amounts to 13 officers and 132 men killed, and 25 officers and 581 men wounded, and 551 missing, the total loss being 802 men and officers.

Doubtless many of those enumerated among the missing will be found either wounded or killed. There was no straggling, and I have little doubt those not wounded or killed will be found prisoners in the hands of the enemy.

It is a noticeable fact that the Second Minnesota had not a single man among the missing or a straggler during the two days' engagement.

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of my officers and men. Without exception they performed all that was required, much more that should have been expected. Where all did so well it seems almost unjust to make distinctions. More gallantry and indomitable courage was never displayed upon the field of battle.

The attention of the general commanding the division is particularly called to the conduct of Colonel James George, Second Minnesota; Colonel Gustave Kammerling, Ninth Ohio; Colonel N. Gleason, Eighty-seventh Indiana; Lieutenant Colonel H. V. N. Boynton, commanding Thirty-fifth Ohio; and First Lieutenant Frank Guest Smith, commanding Battery I, Fourth Artillery. These officers performed every duty required of them with coolness and great promptness, and by their energy and gallantry contributed much to the favorable result which attended every collision with the enemy. Such officers are a credit to the service and our country.

Smith's battery rendered great help in the action of the 19th, and was ably and gallantly served, Lieutenant Rodney being conspicuous in the management of his section.

Captain Church, of the First Brigade, with one section of his battery, fought well and is entitled to credit for the assistance he rendered me on the 19th. I cannot refrain from alluding to the reckless courage and dash of Adjutant Harries, Ninth Ohio. My staff upon

