
the field consisted of Captain J. R. Beatty, of Second Minnesota, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain Oliver H. Parshall, off the Thirty fifth Ohio, and Captain E. B. Thoenssen, Ninth Ohio, acting aides; Captain C. A. Cilley, Second Minnesota, brigade topographical engineer; and First Lieutenant A. E. Alden, brigade inspector. For efficiency, personal courage, and energy their conduct deserves more than praise. They exposed themselves upon all occasions, watching the movements of the enemy, carrying orders, rallying the men, and by every means in their power contributing to the success of the brigade. Captain Parshall was killed early in the action of the first day. He was a brave, noble soldier, an upright gentleman, and carries with him to the grave the love and regret of many friends. Captain Thoenssen was missing the evening of the second day, and I believe was captured. Captains Beatty and Cilley had each two horses shot under them. There are many names particularly commended for courage and good behavior, for which I respectfully refer to reports of regiments and the battery.

We have lost many gallant officers and men, a list* of whom is herewith furnished you. In the charge made by the Ninth Ohio on the 19th, when they recaptured the battery of the regular brigade, their loss in killed and wounded was over 50.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FERDINAND VAN DERVEER,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.

Captain LOUIS J. LAMBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.

Report of Colonel James George, Second Minnesota Infantry.
HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT MINNESOTA VOLUNTEERS,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 25, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the part taken by the Second Regiment Minnesota Volunteers in the battle of the 19th and 20th instant, near Crawfish Spring, Ga.:

The regiment was placed in position at 10 a. m. on the 19th, on the extreme left of the brigade and next to Battery I, Fourth U. S. Artillery, facing the south.

A few minutes later the enemy approached in line in front to within about 300 yards and opened a heavy fire of musketry, which was returned with such effect as to repulse the attack in about ten minutes. Another similar attack was soon after made and met with a like repulse, the enemy falling back in disorder entirely out of sight. About half past 10 o'clock sharp firing of musketry was suddenly opened at some distance in our left and front, which soon began to approach us. The cartridge-boxes had been replenished, and the regiment was laid down in line to await its time, the men having been admonished to withhold their fire until the enemy should be within close range. There soon appeared, approaching in disorder from the left front, a line of our troops in full retreat and closely pursued by the enemy, who was cheering and firing furiously

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 173.

---------------

