
in their rear. It proved to be the regular brigade, the men of which passed over our line and were afterward partially rallied in our rear and on our left.

As soon as these troops had passed us the farther advance of the enemy was checked by a volley from our line. A sharp contest with musketry followed, which resulted in a few minutes in the complete repulse of the late exultant enemy, who fled from our front in confusion.

About 11 o'clock a large force was discovered advancing on us from the east and simultaneously from the north. Our front was immediately changed to the left to meet this attack, and after a few immediately changed to the left to meet this attack, and after a few minutes' fighting, the enemy seeming to be moving around to the northward, our front was again changed to the left under a hot fire, so that the regiment faced the northeast, and again finally to face the north as the enemy massed his troops for an assault from that direction. The enemy charged desperately, and were finally and completely repulsed and routed after a brief but bloody contest. The fighting ended with us at about 11.30 a. m. Our loss was 8 killed and 41 wounded, including 2 commissioned officers; none missing. The regiment commenced the battle with 384 officers and enlisted men.

On the 20th the regiment took place in the brigade with 295 officers and men, 40 men having been detached for picket duty the previous evening and not relieved when the regiment marched. At 10 a. m. the regiment on the right of the brigade was advanced into an open field to the support of a battery which was in action immediately on our right, the line facing the north. Scarcely had the line been halted in its assigned place when a furious fire of musketry and artillery was opened on it from the edge of woods bordering the field on the west, and 300 to 400 yards distant. The brigade front was instantly changed to the left, the movement being made in good order, though under fire; and our line at once opened on the enemy. After a few minutes' firing a charge was ordered, and we advanced at the double-quick across the field and into the woods, driving the enemy back upon their supports. Here the engagement was continued for fifteen or twenty minutes, when the enemy moved off by their right flank, clearing our front and getting out of our range, even when firing to the left oblique. The regiment was then withdrawn and the brigade reformed, facing the south. Presently an artillery fire was opened on us from the east, and our front was changed to face it. After remaining here in position for about half an hour we were moved off a distance of a mile or more to a hill on the right of our general line of battle, where, at 2.30 p. m., we again became hotly engaged with musketry. The enemy charged repeatedly and desperately on our position here, but were always repulsed by the cool an deadly fire of our rifles. The firing here continued without any intermission until 4.45 p. m., when the enemy temporarily withdrew from the contest. Two other attacks were afterward made on us here, but both were repulsed, and darkness ended the fight at about 6.30 p. m.

Our loss on this day was 27 killed and 72 wounded, being more than one-third of our entire number; none missing. Some 8 or 10 men of other commands, who joined us temporarily, were killed while bravely fighting in our ranks. I regret that I cannot give their names and regiments. The conduct of the officers and men of my regiment was, on both days, uniformly gallant and soldier-like

