
field, we passed the night without fires as best we could under the circumstances.

The rapid and fatiguing march of the night before had caused 21 men to fall behind; 25 were back sick. Seventeen cooks had been ordered to follow the teams to Chattanooga, and 10 men were left to guard the knapsacks when the fight opened, so that the regiment went into the fight with a total of 391 officers and men. Of this number 9 were killed, 97 wounded, and 4 reported missing. Three of the wounded were officers, Captain Joel K. Deardorff, Company K, severely in the leg; Captain A. J. Lewis, Company I, severely in the bowels, and Lieutenant L. P. Thompson, Company E, who received a flesh wound in the leg.

Captain Oliver H. Parshall, of Company F, was shot dead immediately on the right of our line. He had only the day before returned from home and was detailed upon the staff of the colonel commanding the brigade. Notwithstanding the fact that he was detached, I cannot refrain from mentioning his great coolness and gallantry, which were constantly displayed along my own portion of the line. His course as an officer has always been such as to secure the confidence and esteem of all.

On the morning of the 20th, at 9 a. m., the brigade having taken its position in two lines as the reserve of the division, the Thirty-fifth was assigned its position on the right of the rear line in column of divisions closed en masse. At 11 a. m. the enemy attacked, in overwhelming numbers, the division in front and the one on the left. The brigade being ordered to support General Baird, our columns were deployed under a sharp fire of shot and canister. On reaching the rear of General Baird's position we met General Breckinridge's division advancing to attack General Baird's flank. Having no notice of the approach whatever, the flank of my regiment, without a moment's notice, was subjected to a galling fire from the main rebel lines at very short range.

Notwithstanding the difficulties of the position, the men of the Thirty-fifth immediately changed front, faced the enemy by orders, lay down until the first line should finish its fire; the second line then rose and charged, following the broken and retreating lines of the rebels. The second line followed in rear of the first; the Thirty-fifth in advance on the left, supported by the Ninth Ohio on the right, charged across an open field for a third of a mile and advanced a hundred yards into the woods beyond, the left of the regiment covering the road over which the rebels advanced, and in which they had planted a battery. The Thirty-fifth held its position until the brigade was ordered to retire to allow the advance of a relief brigade from our right. The withdrawal was accomplished in regular order by the successive passage of lines to the rear, but not without heavy loss to the regiment. We then returned with our brigade to the position occupied at the commencement of the charge. In this position we remained for about an hour, subjected for about half of the time to the fire of a rebel battery which had occupied the position held at the beginning of the action by the left of our division. From this point the brigade passed toward the right of our general line of battle.

Here we joined General Thomas, who had rallied, with the assistance of General Brannan, a portion of several brigades. Our own brigade came upon the hill unbroken and immediately took position in one line on the crest, the Thirty-fifth on the right. In a short

