
time the Thirty-fifth advanced to a line of logs, hastily thrown together and just sufficient to cover the heads of the men when lying on the ground. The hill was twice attacked in overwhelming force, the first attack hardly ceasing before the second began with almost inconceivable fury and persistence. The fighting continued for nearly two hours, when our ammunition became exhausted. Nothing daunted, the regiment fixed bayonets and awaited the shock. Fortunately a load of ammunition arrived, and the firing was renewed with vigor; still the rebels pressed us hard and maintained their position at close quarters.

At this point our cartridges again gave out, when by the exertions of several of the officers-among whom were Major Budd, Captain L'Hommedieu, Captain Daugherty, and Lieutenant Bone-the line was supplied with cartridges from the boxes of the dead and wounded.

The attack progressing, this supply was soon exhausted, when the officers and men of the Second Minnesota kindly supplied us with several rounds, for which I take this opportunity to thank them.

These were ordered to be so distributed as to give each man 3 rounds, and the order given to cease firing, fix bayonets, and await the approach of the enemy. It was near dark. The troops having been removed on the right of our line, the Thirty-fifth was ordered to protect the right flank and was wheeled accordingly. The hill was immediately occupied by a rebel regiment, whose right flank rested only 50 yards from the front of the Thirty-fifth.

A rebel general, believed to be General Gregg, here rode up and asked whose troops we were; at the reply, "Thirty-fifth Ohio," he wheeled, but received a volley from the Thirty-fifth which riddled him and his horse and raked the line of the rebels, striking them at an angle of 30 degrees, breaking their line, and sending all but three companies down the hill in confusion. The three remaining companies poured a volley into our front and left. With this fire the engagement ceased, it being 7 p. m.

The order for retiring arrived just at this juncture, and together with the troops on the hill we fell back to Rossville.

The regiment went into the fight on the second day with a total of 280 officers and men. Of these 1 officer was killed, Lieutenant Harlan, Company F; 2 were severely wounded, Lieutenant Adams, Company G, and Lieutenant Sabin, Company A; Lieutenant Rothenbush, Company I, slightly; Lieutenant Cottingham, Company E, was captured. Eight enlisted men were killed, 51 wounded, and 21 missing, part of whom were captured in the charge. The loss of the regiment thus shows 50 per cent. as near as may be of the number engaged. This, taken in connection with the fact that the regiment never broke and constantly maintained its ground, shows its merits in a strong light and needs no comment. The present available force of the regiment for line of battle is 240 guns, 11 company and 2 field officers.

Dr. Charles O. Wright and Dr. A. H. Landis were left to take care of our wounded in the hands of the enemy.

Where all fought so nobly and so well it is impossible to make distinctions. Still I must be allowed to speak particularly of the excellent management of our skirmishers, first by Captain Daugherty, Company A, and subsequently by Lieutenant Miller, Company C, and the heroic conduct of our color-bearer, Sergt. Mark B. Price-to his coolness much of the good order that prevailed from first to last is owing; and to commend especially to your notice Orderly Sergt. William B. Mikesell, Company E, Orderly Sergt. Richard H. Ford,

