
Company K, and Sergt. William K. Van Horn, Company I, who commanded their respective companies with marked ability on the second day of the fight. Lieutenant Harlan's last words as he fell were a cheer to his company to press forward. Lieutenant Adams, though the youngest officer of the line, displayed great courage, and when he thought himself dying said, with a smile, "I shall die, but that is nothing if we whip the rebels." Captains Lewis and Deardorff fell in the thickest of the first day's fight, and Lieutenants Rothenbushe and Sabin on the second. For them all it is enough to say that they fell at their posts facing the foe. Lieutenant Mather, commanding Company H, was ever conspicuous in the discharge of every duty. For Captain Henninger, Lieutenants Steele, Taylor, Cottingham, Houser, and Davidson I desire to say that they were ever at their post and performed their duty to my entire satisfaction. Half of the Thirty-fifth are dead or wounded, and to those who remain I can only say that their commanding officer looks upon them with feelings to which no language can give expression. To have belonged to the Third Brigade will hereafter be the crowning glory of your old age.

Returning our heartfelt thanks to our Heavenly Father, the God of Battles, that we were all able thus to discharge our whole duty, and sorrowing as soldiers only can over the deaths and wounds of our noble comrades fallen, we pray that the future may find us ever ready to combat treason both on Southern battle-fields and, when the war is over, among the vile traitors of the North.

Yours, respectfully,

H. V. N. BOYNTON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. 35th Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain J. R. BEATTY,

Acting Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brig., 3rd Div., 14th A. C.

Numbers 60.

Report of Lieutenant Frank G. Smith, Battery I, Fourth U. S. Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS COMPANY I, FOURTH ARTILLERY,Chattanooga, September 26, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In reply to your circular of this date, calling for report of part taken by this battery in the engagements of the 19th and 20th instant, I have the honor to report that when the action of the 19th began the first section of my battery, under First Lieutenant G. B. Rodney, was placed in the front line, between the Second Minnesota and Thirty-fifth Ohio Volunteers (the Thirty-fifth Ohio Volunteers being on the right), and the second section, under Lieutenant Stephenson, on a hillside 60 yards in rear of the right wing of the Thirty-fifth Ohio Volunteers. The firing began before we had fairly taken our positions, and 4 of my men were disabled before I could open fire on the enemy. After a sharp engagement of half an hour's duration, the firing slackened on both sides. Lieutenant Stephenson's section having suffered severely from the musketry fired at the infantry in his front, and as it was impossible to use canister (should it become necessary to do so) without injury to our own men, I directed it limbered to the right, with the intention of placing it on the right of the line. At this time, however, the Ninth Ohio Volunteers advanced in line and took position on the right of

