
the Thirty-fifth Ohio Volunteers; the firing recommenced, and Lieutenant Stephenson was obliged to go into action on the same ground. The rebels were soon repulsed, after which the second section was moved to the crest of the hill, 150 yards in rear of the line, and placed on the left of your battery, which had come up a short time previously with a regiment of infantry, under Colonel Connell.

On the completion of this arrangement the rebels renewed the attack; in about twenty minutes they were driven back, closely followed by the Ninth Ohio Volunteers and Seventeenth Ohio Volunteers at a charge. Before the firing here had fairly ceased, the enemy began a furious attack upon our left and rear. To meet this, both sections of my battery changed front where they stood. Your battery came into position on the right of Lieutenant Stephenson (your right thrown a little forward), leaving room for the Eighty-seventh Indiana between your battery and the first section of mine.

The Second Minnesota was on the right and the Thirty-fifth Ohio Volunteers on the left of the line.

The battery was now formed so that Lieutenant Stephenson could deliver a direct and Lieutenant Rodney an oblique-almost an enfilade-fire into the ranks of the approaching rebels, but they still came on. When they had arrived within 100 yards of us, we gave them canister, double-shotted, two or three rounds of which, with the aid of a galling fire from our supports, sent them to cover at a double-quick. The fighting ended about noon. After several changes of position to the right, we bivouacked for the night 2 miles from our first position of the morning. My loss was 1 officer and 11 enlisted men wounded, 1 limber blown up, and 16 horses permanently disabled.

Early on the morning of the 20th instant I obtained a detail of 8 men from the brigade, and so partially filled up ma gun detachments.

Between 9 and 10 a. m., while the Third Brigade was moving to the support of Baird's division toward the left of our line, a staff officer with the rank of major directed me, by command of Major-General Thomas, to move the battery to a certain hill and report to Major-General Negley. I did so and was placed by him, with other batteries and some infantry, near a hospital, on a ridge from which we could sweep the valley in rear of our front line, which was then hotly engaged.

This ground was occupied by me during the rest of the day, our front being changed from time to time to meet the different attacks of the enemy. Before noon part of the front line broke, and was rallied on the hill which we occupied. Not long afterward I found that General Negley had moved with all of his artillery but my battery, leaving no orders and no support but the men just spoken of, and such stragglers as had brought wounded from the front and were either unable or unwilling to rejoin their commands.

At about 3 p. m. General Granger joined us on the hill, and half an hour afterward the Third Brigade also came up. We fought almost constantly from noon until sunset, when we withdrew with but 6 rounds of ammunition to the gun, having suffered a loss of 1 man killed, 9 wounded, and 3 horses disabled, and bivouacked for the night near Rossville, 4 miles from the battle-field.

I inclose herewith a report* of most important losses sustained in the action. The baggage wagon containing all of my company

---------------

*Embodied in Church's report, p. 406.

---------------

