
papers was captured by the enemy on the 20th, otherwise I could give a more detailed report of the losses sustained in ordnance, stores, &amp;c.

Where all did so well it may not seem proper for me to mention acts of individuals, but I cannot refrain from calling your attention to the gallantry displayed by First Lieutenant G. B. Rodney; also to the coolness and bravery of Sergts. Thomas J. Myers and Charles Ellis,

the latter of whom, though seriously wounded in the action of the first day, refused to leave his post until compelled to do so by a shot in the thigh.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK GUEST SMITH,

First Lieutenant Fourth Artillery, Comdg. Company.

Captain JOSIAH W. CHURCH,

Chief of Artillery, Third Division.

Numbers 61.

Reports of Major General Joseph J. Reynolds, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Division.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FOURTEENTH CORPS,Trenton, Ga., September 6, 1863.

COLONEL: I have to report movements and operations of my command during the month of August, as follows, viz:

Division left Decherd, Tenn., on 16th, crossed Cumberland Mountains at University Place, and moving via Sweeden's Cove and Battle Creek, arrived at Jasper, Tenn., on the 21st. At University, detached the mounted brigade (Colonel Wilder's) of the division, sending them to a point on the Tennessee River opposite to Chattanooga (by Lilly's Eighteenth Indiana Battery) on the 21st. Also detached from University the Eighty-ninth Ohio Regiment, Colonel Carlton, to occupy Tracy City, where that regiment still remains.*

On the 22nd a portion of Colonel E. A. King's brigade (Second) took possession of Shellmound Ferry and the south side of Tennessee River at that point; destroyed trestlework on railroad to prevent running of trains from Bridgeport to Chattanooga.

This brigade aided a battalion of pioneer brigade in finding and raising flat-boats, which, with one large boat made by pioneers, afforded ferrying facilities for the division, which was in readiness to cross, at the rate of 800 men per hour.

On night of the 30th crossed Colonel Ray's East Tennessee Cavalry, and made reconnaissance, supported by King's brigade, to within 2 1/2 miles of Chattanooga, the brigade remaining on the south side of the river.

On the 31st crossed my ammunition train.

Respectfully submitted.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. 14th Army Corps.

---------------

*But see p. 866.

---------------

