HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FOURTEENTH CORPS,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 23, 1863.

COLONEL: I herewith submit a report of the operations of the Fourth Division, Fourteenth Corps, in the battle of Chickamauga Creek, Ga., September 19 and 20, 1863.

The division moved from Pond Spring about 4 p. m. on the 18th, and, having marched all night, halted one hour for breakfast near Osburn's, and thence proceeded, by order of General Thomas, commanding Fourteenth Corps, to take position in line of battle northeast of Glenn's house. While taking this position the division was ordered to advance immediately toward McDonald's and enter into the action then progressing on our left. I at once reported in person to the corps commander, and, in accordance with his instructions, directed the Third Brigade, Turchin's, to take position southeast of Kelly's Cross-Roads. The Second Brigade, King's, was about leaving the main road to take place on the right of the Third, when I met General Palmer in the road, who represented that his command had gained upon the enemy, but was nearly out of ammunition and in great need of assistance to enable him to hold what he had gained, at least until they could replenish ammunition. This, although not the precise position indicated to me for the Second Brigade, was very close to it, and appeared to be a place that it was essential to fill at once, and no other troops were in sight to take the position. Three regiments, under Colonel E. A. King, were therefore ordered in at this point, leaving in my hands one regiment, Seventy-fifth Indiana, and Harris' battery. I had just arrived upon the field and found my division would occupy about the center of our line. No reserve force being anywhere apparent, I determined to form one of Harris' battery and Seventy-fifth Indiana, to which was shortly added Swallow's battery, which I found in the road unemployed, and the Ninety-second Illinois (temporarily dismounted). In a short time the Sixth Ohio came from the front, and took position near Harris' battery to resupply ammunition. General Palmer soon called also for the Seventy-fifth Indiana, temporarily; it was ordered to go, the Sixth Ohio serving in the interim as support to the guns. The Sixth having resupplied ammunition was subsequently ordered away, leaving the Ninety-second Illinois the only support for the batteries. The Seventy-fifth Indiana returned late in the day and in some disorder, having relieved an entire brigade and done efficient service.

Calls for support had been made from the right, to which it was impossible for me to respond. General J. C. Davis arrived and inquired where troops were needed. I gave him the substance of my information, and he led his division in on our right. Finally a call came direct from Colonel E. A. King, who had drifted farther to the right, that he was hard pressed and wanted his own regiment, the Seventy-fifth Indiana. This regiment was gone, but I ordered to him the Ninety-second Illinois, trusting to regiments returning to the road to resupply ammunition for support to the batteries, or, that in case the forces to the front were driven back, of which I felt there was danger, i might rally them around the batteries, and re-establish the line. The two howitzers of the Ninety-second Illinois were now added to the two batteries, and the Ninety-second started to King's support. Scarcely had it cleared the front of the guns when this regiment was struck in flank by our own forces retiring, followed closely by the enemy. I met our retiring

