
regiments in person, pointed them to 14 guns in position as evidence that the enemy must be thrown back, and by great exertion succeeded in reforming several regiments in rear of the batteries.

Battery M, Fourth Regular Artillery, commanded by Lieutenant Russell, at this time came to our position, and was ordered into action on Harris' left. These batteries fired with terrible effect upon the enemy, his progress was checked, and our line for a time prevented from yielding any farther.

The enemy now shifted farther to the right, where there was evidently an opening in our line, and coming in on their right flank our regiments again became disheartened and began to retire. The batteries, following the regiments, changed front and fired to the right, and the line was reformed along a fence nearly perpendicular to its former position, with the batteries in the edge of the woods. The enemy pushing still farther to our right and rear, I rallied and formed into double line some ten or twelve other retiring regiments, which came in from the left center, and placing the front line under the immediate command of Colonel Croxton, Tenth Kentucky, ordered them to swing round on the left flank as a pivot. This order was well executed by both lines, and our rear thus entirely cleared of the enemy.

It was now nearly sundown, and operations on this part of the field ceased for the day.

On the 20th my division was posted at Kelly's Cross-Roads en echelon, the Third Brigade, Turchin's, in front and immediately on General Palmer's right, the Second Brigade, King's, slightly retired, to secure good ground, and facing the main Rossville and La Fayette road. Two brigades of the Third Division, Fourteenth Corps, Brannan's, were on my right. My division, was formed in two lines, nearly one-half the infantry being in reserve.

During the early morning of the 20th temporary breastworks were erected of such material as could be found at hand, and were of great benefit. The attack of the enemy on our position commenced about 10 o'clock the two brigades of the Third Division, being heavily pressed in front and right flank, which had been left uncovered, began to yield. Colonel Croxton reported this to me, and personal inspection verified the report. The One hundred and fifth Ohio, Major Perkins commanding, and until this time lying in reserve, was ordered to face the enemy and go at them with the bayonet. The order was gallantly executed; the enemy was thrown back, and the yielding regiments partly rallied, but the enemy returning with increased force and turning their right, these regiments were borne back, the One hundred and fifth Ohio with them.

The latter regiment carried off the field the rebel General Adams, wounded, who had been previously captured by Captain Guthrie's company, of the Nineteenth Illinois.

After all of our troops had left the right of my division, and the enemy was silenced in front, a column of the enemy appeared on the main road in the prolongation of the line of battle of the Second Brigade; at the same time a rebel battery was firing into the rear of this brigade. The position of the Second Brigade was therefore changed, so as to throw its left nearer the right of the Third Brigade and to face the enemy, who had taken position on our right

