
and rear. At this time the division was out of ammunition, except such as was gathered from the boxes of the dead, and the enemy was between us and our ammunition train; but for this circumstance we could have maintained our position indefinitely. The ammunition train by another route got safely to Chattanooga.

We remained in this position for some time, when orders were received from the corps commander to prepare to change our position, and the division in a short time received orders to initiate a movement toward Rossville. This was done with the brigades still formed in two lines and moving by flank in parallel columns, thus ready at a moment's notice to face with double line in either of the directions in which firing had lately been heard.

Arriving at the Rossville road, the command was met by the corps commander in person, and I was directed to form line perpendicular to the Rossville road. This done General Thomas pointed in the direction of Rossville and said, "There they are; clear them out." The division was faced about and a charge ordered and executed in two lines at double-quick, through the rebel lines, dispersing them and capturing more than 200 prisoners under a fire of infantry in front and artillery in flank.

I understood that this movement was intended to open the way to Rossville for the army, and did not then know of any other road to that point. I therefore pressed right on in the charge, expecting the whole division to do the same until the rebel lines and batteries were cleared and the road opened, and found myself with only about 150 of the Third Brigade, under Colonel Lane, Eleventh Ohio, near the field hospital of the Fourteenth Corps.

The remainder of the division proceeded to the high ground on the left by order of General Thomas. The Third Brigade was reformed by Brigadier-General Turchin, who had his horse shot under him in the charge. The Second Brigade was reformed by Colonel M. S. Robinson, who succeeded to the command of that brigade after the death of Colonel E. A. King. The advanced party rejoined the division on the ridge to the west of the road, and the whole division marched to Rossville by the Valley road.

The First Brigade, Wilder's mounted infantry, was detached from the division by order of the department commander, except the Ninety-second Illinois, which was with the division on the 19th. The operations of this brigade will be reported separately.

The brigade commanders, Brigadier General J. B. Turchin and Colonel E. A. King, handled their brigades with skill and judgment, and no instance of confusion or disorder occurred.

The batteries, Harris', Nineteenth Indiana, and Andrew's, Twenty-first Indiana, were skillfully and bravely managed, and did fine execution, the Nineteenth Battery on both days and the Twenty-first Battery more especially on the 20th. Captain Harris was wounded on the 19th; his battery was ably commanded on the 20th by Lieutenant Lackey. This battery lost two guns, one left on the field, the horses killed; the other disabled by the enemy's fire.

Andrew's battery lost one gun, left from the breaking of the harness.

The untimely fall of Colonel King renders it impracticable to obtain a connected report of the operations of the Second Brigade.

The regiments were ably commanded as follows: One hundred and first Indiana, Lieutenant-Colonel Doan; Seventy-fifth Indiana,

