
the south bank of the river at every feasible crossing for miles above. Details were made nearly every night to build fires indicating large camps, and by throwing boards upon others and hammering on barrels and sawing up boards and throwing the pieces in streams that would float them into the river, we made them believe we were preparing to cross with boats. This was kept up until Chattanooga was evacuated, when my command was immediately thrown across the river at the ford at Friar's Island, 8 miles above Chattanooga. The first across was Colonel Funkhouser with the Ninety-eighth Illinois, who gallantly crossed the ford at 12 m. in the face of the rebel cavalry on the south bank. This was on September 9.

Colonel Atkins had been previously ordered to report to General Thomas with his regiment (Ninety-second Illinois), and had crossed the river at Battle Creek several days before, and coming up Lookout Mountain from Lookout Valley had entered Chattanooga at 10 a. m. the same day, driving the rebel rear guard of cavalry before him, and moving up the south bank of the river joined the command near Friar's Island.

On the 10th we moved south toward Ringgold, and camped that night at Taylor's Gap, sending a party consisting of four companies of the Seventy-second Indiana, under Lieutenant-Colonel Kirkpatrick, Seventy-second Indiana, forward to Ringgold that night; they returning that night, reported no rebels. The next morning, 11th, we started forward at daylight, and when 2 miles from Ringgold met Scott's brigade of rebel cavalry, drawn up in line of battle, their left resting on Chickamauga Creek and their right on a ridge of hills. Colonel Atkins' regiment being in advance, immediately formed line, dismounted, and gallantly attacked them, while the Seventeenth Indiana, under Major Jones, was sent to flank their right.

They soon fell back, leaving 13 dead. We pressed them, hoping to cut them off from retreating through the gap at Ringgold, when General Van Cleve, coming up from the direction of Rossville, drove them in confusion through the gap before my flanking party could intercept them. We immediately passed General Van Cleve, and about 3 miles from Ringgold found them drawn up in line of battle in a strong position, with artillery. Here they made a stubborn resistance, but we flanked and drove them, pursuing them to Tunnel Hill, where we again found them in line of battle, re-enforced by another brigade under General Armstrong, all under command of General Forrest. We attacked them and drove them to within 4 miles of Dalton, wounding General Forrest and inflicting considerable loss on them. Night coming on, we camped in line of battle in a secure position near Tunnel HIll, expecting a fight in the morning.

In the night I received orders from General Crittenden to return to Ringgold at daylight. This we did, and I was then ordered to report to General Reynolds at La Fayette, Ga., by way of Leet's Tanyard. About 4 miles from ringgold my advance encountered General Pegram's pickets. At the same time my rear guard reported an enemy in our rear. I immediately made preparation for battle, and advancing in line, found Pegram's force drawn up in line of battle, occupying a high wooded hill to the south of Leet's Tan-yard. I immediately attacked him. Being unable to use my artillery, on account of the woods, my left flank was now attacked by a force under Armstrong, while the force in our rear pressed us closely. With two regiments I boldly attacked Pegram, driving back toward

