
tenden at this point came near being captured in trying to rally these troops. I immediately again changed front and enfiladed their right flank with an oblique fire, which soon drove them back with terrible slaughter. General Davis now rallied his men, who gallantly advanced on my right under a galling fire, but were soon driven by overwhelming numbers back again to my right, being followed to the center of the field to a ditch in which the rebel advance took cover. I at once ordered Captain Lilly to send a section of his battery forward on my left to a clump of bushes and rake the ditch with canister. This was promptly done, with terrible slaughter, but very few of the rebels escaping alive.

In these various repulses we had thrown into the rebel columns, which attacked us closely massed, over 200 rounds of double-shotted 10-pounder canister, at a range varying from 70 to 350 yards, and at the same time kept up a constant fire with our repeating rifles, causing a most fearful destruction in the rebel ranks. After this we were not again that day attacked.

On the morning of the 20th I was directed by General Rosecrans in person to take up a position on the right of General McCook's line, and ordered to report to General McCook. I immediately did so, and he (General McCook) placed me in a very strong position on his right, on the crest of the east slope of Mission Ridge, about onequarter of a mile to the south of Widow Glenn's house. We lay here until about half past 11 a. m., when I received orders from General McCook to "close up on his right, and keep the line connected, and occupy the ground left vacant by him, as he was going to move to the left." At this moment desperate fighting was heard down the line a mile or more to the left. As the troops on my left moved from their position still farther to the left, a column of rebels, five lines deep, assaulted them, breaking and dispersing the troops at my left,and driving them by weight of numbers in great confusion into the woods in their rear. My command was at this time advancing by regiments in line of battle. The Ninety-eighth Illinois immediately changed front to the left, and charged double-quick at the rebels (who had taken a battery stationed at Mrs. Glenn's house) and retook the battery, their gallant colonel, Funkhouser, falling severely wounded while gloriously fighting in the front rank, still cheering his men forward after he fell.

The other regiments coming up in succession formed in their proper places into line, rapidly and without confusion, when the whole line was ordered to charge obliquely into the left flank of the rebels, and completely driving back their left down to the Gordon's Mills road, and taking two guns from them still loaded with canister, which was emptied into their fleeing ranks.

At this time a force of the enemy that had been menacing my right fell back with but little fighting, apparently under the impression that their right had been driven back, and that they were being flanked. Captain Lilly was in the meantime pouring a heavy fire to the left down the rebel line, when word was brought me that a rebel line was advancing around my left. I immediately transferred three regiments from my right to the top of the hill west of Mrs. Glenn's house, and with them and four pieces of artillery of Captain Lilly's battery, soon drove them northeast across the road north of Mrs. Glenn's. I now organized my line on the top of Mission Ridge, so as to command the road to the rear of Rossville, and deploying skir-

