
gold the enemy hung upon our rear, annoying us but little, however.

When within a mile of Rock Spring we came upon the outposts of the enemy, who gave us battle. At first their pickets were driven in, but being re-enforced they advanced in line. The Seventeenth and Seventy-second Indiana were now dismounted, formed in line, and the Ninety-eighth Illinois ordered to their support. Four companies of the Seventy-second Indiana were detached and thrown far to the left on the line of battle. This disposition being made, the enemy fell back after considerable skirmishing, and occupied a strong position on a ridge near a half mile in his late rear. The line was now ordered to advance, which it did under a sharp fire. Being in charge of the four companies to the left, crossed an open field, and gained a ridge in the woods, when the enemy opened on me with a volley of musketry and two pieces of artillery. My men returned the fire promptly. Seeing they greatly outnumbered us, and being aware of the danger resulting from their gaining our rear, I ordered a charge. My men, who were now not 50 yards distant from the enemy, gave a yell and went forward, driving the enemy from the ridge. My dead, 7, and wounded, 8 in number, I brought off the field.

Darkness was now upon us. Taking the road from Rock Spring to Lee and Gordon's Mills, the command had not marched far when we came upon the enemy drawn up in line of battle across the road. After reconnoitering his lines it was found we could turn his left flank, and by passing down the Pea Vine Valley, join General Crittenden, which we did at midnight. The force encountered this day was Pegram's command, which we thought to be the rear of Bragg's army, but which proved to be his advance. The next day we moved off on the left flank of the army 4 miles, and lay in line of battle all day confronting a strong force of the enemy, and skirmishing with him at intervals from morning till night, when we withdrew and returned to camp at Lee and Gordon's Mills.

On the morning of the 14th we marched by way of Chattanooga Valley to join General Reynolds at or near Catlett's Gap, and reported to him that afternoon. Here we remained until the 17th, when orders were received from department headquarters to take position on the left flank of the army at Alexander's Bridge over Chickamauga Creek, 2 miles down the stream from Lee and Gordon's Mills. This we did, and bivouacked that night at the bridge. During the forenoon of the next day the enemy, in great force, advanced and gave us battle. About noon Colonel Minty, of the cavalry, engaging the enemy on our left, at Reed's Bridge, 2 miles below, sent to us for re-enforcements. The Seventy-second Indiana and the One hundred and twenty-third Illinois, with a section of Lilly's battery, were at once sent him. This done, there was left at Alexander's Bridge two regiments, the Seventeenth Indiana and Ninety-eighth Illinois, and four guns to hold the enemy in check. This we succeeded in doing until the enemy had succeeded in forcing a passage at a ford half way between Alexander's and Reed's Bridges, cutting our communications with Colonel Minty so that we could no longer act in concert, when it was deemed advisable to fall back on General Wood at Lee and Gordon's Mills, which we did in good order under a heavy cannonade at short range.

The enemy followed up his advantage, and after nightfall a close

