
and spirited engagement took place in the woods along the lines of our new position. The enemy repulsed, we lay on our arms until near daylight, when the lines were withdrawn to a new position back of some fields, and established in the skirt of a heavy woods behind a fence, near to and on the right of the house of Mrs. Glenn, in form something after the manner of two sides of a square, forming with each other a right angle.

Upon falling back from the bridge, Major-General Crittenden, commanding the Twenty-first Army Corps, was at once advised of the movements of the enemy, and information was at the same time sent to department headquarters. With the appearance of day it was plain to us that a general engagement was about to take place. We were now ordered to hold our position. This we did until the after part of the day, when General Davis, moving from our right, threw his forces against the enemy in the woods immediately on our front, and soon became hotly engaged. Finding himself overpowered by superior numbers, and being hotly pressed, he sent to us for re-enforcements. Four regiments, all that were with us, went to his assistance, and, moving up in good order, entered the woods and checked the enemy. This done, General Davis again entered the woods, and we retired to our old position.

The enemy, having massed his forces here, soon drove General Davis back, who now took position on our right.

General Sheridan now advanced and took General Davis' position, confronting the enemy, but was at once compelled to retire his force, the enemy following him closely, with colors flying, to within 150 yards of our lines, when he was by us repulsed, Lilly's battery playing on him with deadly effect. It was now 5 p. m., and orders were received to throw our line of battle across a corn-field to our line of battle into the woods, somewhat to the left and front of Mrs. Glenn's. In this position we lay on arms until morning.

Morning having come, we were ordered to hold our position until compelled to fall back. Afterward we received orders to report to General Mitchell, commanding cavalry, and to occupy a ridge to the right and rear of Mrs. Glenn's filling an unoccupied space between the right of the infantry and the left of the cavalry. This we did, leaving one regiment to occupy our old line of battle. The command being disposed in its new position, nothing of note occurred until about noon, when the enemy hotly pressing the forces on our left, we were ordered to their support. We left our position on the hill and advanced at double-quick time to meet the enemy below in the woods. Here the contest was desperate for a half hour, when the enemy were driven back in great confusion. By this time the enemy had gained the rear of our position taken in the morning, and were firing on the men holding our horses. This necessitated the withdrawal of the command from the woods below, near Mrs. Glenn's house, and the formation of a new line of battle, facing to the rear of our position on the ridge. This being done, the enemy was driven away, and the horses brought off.

Finding we were cut off from the main army, we at once moved on a road leading into Chattanooga Valley, and bivouacked for the night 7 miles from Chattanooga. We recaptured two guns of a Missouri battery, which we brought off with us, beside gathering up a train of ambulances and wagons which were wandering in the

