
On September 9, at 3 a. m., by order of Major-General Reynolds, I proceeded with my regiment to Chattanooga, passing many troops on the road, and taking the advance. Three miles on the west side of Lookout Mountain we drove the enemy's pickets in, and had sharp skirmishing with them in crossing the head of Lookout Mountain, but without loss on our side. At about 9.30 a. m. my advance, under Captain Dunham, entered Chattanooga, but, under my order, did not push up to the river bank, but followed the retreating enemy by Rossville on the La Fayette road 4 or 5 miles, but, owing to the jaded condition of his horses, could not overtake them. I followed with my regiment down the mountain, and immediately sent out scouting parties southward, knowing it to be the line of the enemy's retreat from the columns of dust plainly visible as I came down the mountain. I then went on with my regiment to the railroad depot in Chattanooga, and at 10 a. m. my regimental colors were planted on the third story of the Crutchfield House, the first to float over the evacuated town. I sent one company to patrol the town and reconnoiter, and learned that some of the enemy's forces had retreated up the river toward Harrison when we entered the other side of the town. At the depot I waited until 1 p. m., when Colonel Wilder ordered me to proceed up the river to cover the crossing of the remainder of his brigade at Chickamauga, which I did, capturing a few of the stragglers of the enemy and firing on his rear guard. We found the brigade already crossing the river on arriving at the ford.

On the 10th Colonel Wilder ordered me to proceed with the brigade, which I did, marching to within 5 miles of Ringgold with it.

On the morning of the 11th September received orders to report to Major-General Reynolds at La Fayette, Ga., and with my regiment and two mountain howitzers started to Ringgold in advance of the brigade. Two miles out drove in the enemy's pickets, and when within 1 mile of Ringgold dismounted Company E, Captain Van Buskirk, and steadily pushed the enemy. I sent Company G, Captain Schermerhorn, to protect the right flank, mounted. Company E skirmished briskly, and rapidly advanced down the road driving the enemy; and Captain Dunham advanced mounted and deployed as skirmishers over an open corn-field on their left to the foot of a heavily wooded hill, drawing the enemy's fire, and defeating the enemy flanking my advance, which was evidently his intention. Captain Dunham having lost 6 horses, dismounted and joined the line of skirmishers, pushing the enemy through the woods. Colonel Wilder had just previously arrived and took command, and ordered me to protect the right, which I did by ordering up all my regiment except one company, but finding the right protected by the Chickamauga, Lieutenant-Colonel Sheets ordered them to re-enforce Companies E and F on the left of the road. The firing was brisk and lasted about twenty minutes. We were opposed by an entire brigade of Forrest's cavalry. My loss was 6 horses and 3 men wounded, all of Company F; Captain Dunham, Sergt. H. Ferrin, and Corporal Winslow severely, and Private Marl slightly. Private Petermier, Company F, had his horse shot under him and killed, the butt of his rifle shot away, and his pantaloons and coat flap and coat collar torn by bullets and coolly remarked, "Now, I am tired to death running after them." The enemy's loss was 13 killed, left on the ground,

