
gade. Here I remained until about noon, when the enemy had completely flanked my left and were pressing up in front with their skirmishers, when I fell back, passing around a heavy force of the enemy half a mile in rear of my left. I formed three different times in falling back, and faced the enemy, but could not check his advance, and when I fell back to the position assigned on the right of Wilder's brigade it was to find the brigade already moved away. As soon as possible I dismounted, sending my horses to the rear, and going with my regiment to where I supposed Colonel Wilder to be, but found him with his brigade falling back to mount. I immediately returned and mounted, and with the brigade marched to near Chattanooga, where we encamped.

Early next morning was ordered by Colonel Wilder with my regiment and Lilly's battery to take position and hold the McLemore's Cove and Summertown roads, but had not got into position when I was ordered to cross the river and proceed to Friar's Island.

Four mountain howitzers of Lilly's battery were with me on the 19th, and placed in position by General Reynolds, when I was ordered to dismount. The sergeant in command was wounded and I have no report, but cannot refrain from bearing testimony to the gallant manner in which their guns were manned, convincing me of their effectiveness at short range. One howitzer was left on the field.

In the various engagements many of my horses were shot, but I have not yet the official report from my companies.

I had during this time but eight companies, two of my companies being on courier duty, and remained so.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

SMITH D. ATKINS,

Colonel Ninety-second Illinois Volunteers.

Captain ALEXANDER A. RICE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 66.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edward Kitchell, Ninety-eighth Illinois (Mounted) Infantry.
HDQRS. NINETY-EIGHTH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,Near Chattanooga, Tenn., September 26, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 9th instant my regiment, in conjunction with the Seventy-second Indiana Volunteers, forded the Tennessee River at the mouth of Chickamauga Creek, and immediately went into camp on the Ringgold road.

On the 10th instant we advanced about 10 miles toward Ringgold, without noticing anything of importance.

On the 11th instant we skirmished smartly with the enemy during the greater part of the day, but lost no men.

On the morning of the 12th instant we returned to Ringgold, and moved out on the road to La Fayette.

The Seventy-second Indiana becoming engaged with the enemy's cavalry, we were ordered to the support of that regiment, but were not called upon to take any more active part.

