
On the morning of the 13th instant, the brigade having been ordered to reconnoiter the enemy's position, my regiment was ordered to take the advance.

After a march of about 4 miles we met the enemy's skirmishers, with whom a few shots were exchanged without loss. At dark we returned to camp.

On the 14th instant we marched to camp near Stevens' Gap, where we remained until the morning of the 17th instant, when we moved out to Chickamauga Creek, near Alexander's Bridge.

Nothing of importance occurred until about 2 p. m. of the 18th instant, when five companies of my regiment, under command of Major Marquis, were ordered forward to engage the enemy (who were in position on the opposite side of the creek), which they did for about three hours, losing 1 man killed and 7 wounded. The balance of the regiment was thrown out as skirmishers on the right.

About sundown fell back and took position east of and near the Chattanooga road, where we remained under arms until daylight of the 19th instant, when the position was changed to a piece of timber near the Chattanooga road facing north, where we remained until 5 p. m., when the position was again changed to a corn-field a little to the left, facing the road to the east. During the night the regiment again remained under arms, and on the morning of the 20th instant moved back and took position on the right of Sheridan's division, on the edge of a piece of timber, where we erected temporary breastworks.

At 11 a. m. we were ordered to move by the left flank to the support of Sheridan, who was hotly engaging the enemy. Upon arriving on the ground formerly occupied by Sheridan's right we moved forward by the right flank, driving the enemy's skirmishers before us across an open field to a strip of timber, where we met the enemy in force, charged him, and drove him back.

During this charge Colonel Funkhouser was severely wounded and compelled to leave the field, leaving the regiment under my command.

I was then ordered to fall back to a hill formerly occupied by a battery on Sheridan's right in order to check the enemy, who was coming up a ravine in our rear.

I immmediately opened a hot fire upon him and drove him back. I remained on this ground until ordered to return to my horses, which I did, and then moved to within 4 miles of Chattanooga, where we camped until the morning of the 21st instant, when I crossed the river and took the road to Stevenson, Ala., in charge of 1,350 prisoners.

I take great pleasure in complimenting both officers and men of my regiment for the highly gratifying manner in which they behaved whenever called upon to meet the enemy. I would particularly mention the name of Captain Ira A. Flood, of Company E, who was in the hottest part of the engagement of the 18th instant, and conducted himself with coolness and bravely.

The loss of my regiment is 3 killed and 32 wounded.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KITCHELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain ALEXANDER A. RICE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

