
Numbers 67.

Report of Colonel James Monroe, One Hundred and twenty-third Illinois (Mounted) Infantry.
HDQRS. 123rd ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Friar's Island, September 26, 1863.

COLONEL: In compliance with your Special Orders, No.-, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command from the 10th to the 21st day of September, 1863:

September 10, crossed Tennessee River at Friar's Island and captured a large rebel mail at Tyner's Station, and camped in the valley beyond Mission Ridge, 3 miles east of Graysville and 1 mile from the Georgia line.

September 11 moved at 8 a. m. The Ninety-second Illinois, having been sent forward some half hour in advance, found the enemy near Ringgold, and, after a sharp skirmish, in which my command took little part, drove them through the town, passed through Ringgold, now occupied by Van Cleve's division. Found the enemy (Forrest's command) in strong position on our front. The brigade was dismounted and formed in line, this regiment on the left, and compelled the enemy to retire after a sharp skirmish, in which the Seventeenth Indiana alone participated. The brigade, by direction of Colonel Wilder, was then formed in column of regiments, moving by the flank, with strong advance guard, and in this order moved forward to Tunnel Hill, driving the enemy before us, and skirmishing the entire distance, bivouacked for the night.

September 12, withdrew to Ringgold, this regiment covering the rear and closely followed by the enemy. Took the road to La Fayette; found the enemy near Wheeler's occupying a very strong position covering the road and a gap in the mountains; dislodged him after a sharp skirmish, in which the Seventeenth and Seventy-second Indiana lost severely. This regiment was now moved to the front, and the column moved forward on the La Fayette road. Found the enemy again in position, drove in his advance, but discovering a considerable force of infantry, and night having come on, Colonel Wilder, leaving the road, moved the command across the country to Gordon's Mills, this regiment covering the rear, and arriving late in the night.

September 13 moved to the left of General Crittenden's command, and skirmished with the enemy during the day. In the evening returned across the Chickamauga at Gordon's Mills, and camped 1 1/2 miles down the stream.

September 14 rejoined our division at Pond Spring.

September 17 moved to the extreme left, passing down the Chickamauga and taking position at Alexander's Bridge.

September 18 the Seventy-second Indiana and this regiment, under command of yourself, were ordered to report to Colonel Minty, who with his cavalry brigade was guarding the fords of the stream, some 2 miles on our left, and who was being hard pressed by the enemy; moved rapidly, and upon reporting there were ordered to move some 2 miles farther down the stream to guard the fords, and finally this regiment, with one piece of artillery, was ordered still farther to the left, and one company sent down to Red House Ford, which, upon arriving at that point, was ambuscaded by the enemy, who had already crossed the stream, and after a sharp skirmish driven back with loss. In a few moments I received orders to

