
withdraw and report to Colonel Minty, which I did under a brisk fire. The entire command then fell back to a point on the road some 1 1/2 miles from Gordon's Mills, where we found Colonel Wilder, who had been driven back from Alexander's Bridge, and formed in line to resist the farther advance of the enemy, who charged our right furiously, but was repulsed. Lay in line of battle all night.

September 19 large bodies of infantry were moved to our left during the night, and a general engagement was opened by sending Grose's brigade, of Palmer's division, on a reconnaissance down the road. We held our position during the day. Late in the afternoon the enemy appeared on our front in an open field and charged our line. They were met by the Seventy-second and Seventeenth Indiana, Lilly's battery, and the left of this regiment, and driven back with severe loss. Later in the evening the brigade was thrown forward to meet a flank movement on our right, and after driving back the enemy returned to our old position, where we passed the night.

September 20, the right of our line of battle having been withdrawn during the night, at 8 a. m. we moved to the right and rear and took position on the right of Sheridan's division on the crest of a ridge with open fields in front. The battle opened at 10 a. m. The enemy, feeling along our lines, arrived in front of General Sheridan, who moved his division forward down the slope, and was soon fiercely engaged. The enemy flanking him, we were ordered to charge, and headed by Colonel Wilder our men went in with a shout, driving and breaking the enemy's lines at once, this regiment taking 30 prisoners. Whilst pressing vigorously forward we found that the enemy had broken through Sheridan's line, and an entire brigade of rebels were passing to our left and rear. We were at once withdrawn, and after waiting two hours to bring up stragglers and artillery left on the field by Sheridan's division, were by an order of General McCook moved to the rear and into Chattanooga Valley, 7 miles south of Chattanooga, this regiment covering the rear and holding the gap by a heavy picket force.

September 21 crossed the Tennessee River at Chattanooga and moved to this point.

I cannot close this report without alluding to the gallant conduct of the officers and men of my command. All did their duty. My loss in the different engagements is 24 killed, wounded, and missing. The missing are, I fear, killed or wounded without exception, as there was no straggling from any part of the command.

I am, colonel, yours, truly,

JAMES MONROE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel ABRAM O. MILLER, Commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 68.

Report of Major William T. Jones, Seventeenth Indiana (Mounted)

Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,North Chickamauga Creek, Tenn., September 26, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully submit the following report of the operations of the regiment under my command from the 10th to the 21st of the present month:

On the 10th instant, crossing the Tennessee River, I moved with

