
the brigade on the Ringgold road a point within 1 mile of the State line, and about 5 miles from Ringgold, where I remained during the night. Resuming the march toward Ringgold on the 11th at 8 a. m., we came up with the rear of the Ninety-second Illinois (that regiment having moved about forty-five minutes in advance of the rest of the brigade) when about 1 1/2 miles from town. Here rapid firing in front announced that Colonel Atkins had found the enemy.

My regiment was moved rapidly to the front and left, and having dismounted my men I was ordered to move along the crest of a hill which ran parallel with the rad on which the command was moving. in the execution of this order I arrived at a point opposite the town, without opposition, to find it occupied by that portion of the command which had moved on the road, and by General Van Cleve's division. Here I was directed to mount my command and move in advance on the Dalton road. I found the enemy strongly posted on this road about 2 1/2 miles from Ringgold, where he checked my advance with a fire from two pieces of artillery. I halted my command until the other regiments of the brigade were thrown into position, the One hundred and twenty-third Illinois on my left, the Ninety-eighth Illinois on my right, and the Seventy-second Indiana closing up with me in the rear. We moved against the enemy, and after some skirmishing drove him from his position, and resumed the march toward Dalton, the regiments moving by the flank and parallel with each other, my regiment being to the left of the road, constantly skirmishing with the enemy. We moved in this order until we reached and occupied Tunnel Hill, where we bivouacked for the night.

On the morning of the 12th I moved with the brigade in retreat to Ringgold, thence on the La Fayette road to a point 1 mile from Rock Spring, where the scouts of the regiment were detached and sent by a circuitous route to gain the rear of a picket of the enemy, which was reported to be on the rad in our front. Two companies were at the same time thrown forward on the road and encountered the enemy's outpost, driving him from his position to the foot of the hill near the spring. Here the enemy appeared in force, advancing toward our position, and was checked by the two companies in front until the regiment advanced, when he retired a short distance and took a position on a ridge about a half mile from our line. The brigade being thrown into position, my regiment being on the right and covering the road, we advanced, the enemy retiring, hotly pressed by the Seventy-second Indiana on my left. From this point the brigade moved in column by a road leading westward in the direction of Lee and Gordon's Mills, my regiment being ordered to follow and support the battery.

I marched in this order to within 2 miles of Lee and Gordon's Mills, where I bivouacked for the night.

On the 13th I moved my regiment with the brigade to a position on the left of General Van Cleve's division, expecting an attack from the enemy, who appeared in force in our front. We returned at night to the vicinity of Lee and 'Gordon's Mills, where we bivouacked until the morning of the 14th.

On the 14th my regiment, with the brigade, joined our division near Pond Spring.

On the 17th instant I marched with the brigade to Chickamauga Creek, near Alexander's Bridge, and threw out a line of skirmishers on the south bank of the stream.

At 12 m. of the 18th my line was attacked by the enemy's advance

