
and the regiment was ordered to take position to support the battery. I held this position during the action and until the battery was withdrawn, when I was directed to cover the rear of the brigade in retreat. This I did under the fire of the enemy's artillery, and, following the brigade, I took position for the night on the left center of the brigade and on the right of the road leading from Lee and Gordon's Mills to Chattanooga, 1 1/2 miles from the mills.

At 4 a. m. of the 19th I retired my regiment with the brigade across the road and took a position in the edge of a wood, fronting eastward. This position I occupied during the day. At about 3 p. m. the enemy having repulsed the division of General Davis in our front, advanced on our position, but was checked by our fire at a distance of 150 yards from our line and retired in confusion to the cover of the wood on the opposite side of the road, my regiment, together with the Seventy-second and the right of the One hundred and twenty-third Illinois, pouring into him a destructive fire.

On the morning of the 20th I was ordered to retire about 1 mile, where I again took position in line with the brigade. At 10 a. m. of that day the action became general, and not long after that hour it became evident that the forces on our left were being driven back in confusion. At this time the command was given to charge the enemy. I followed the One hundred and twenty-third Illinois from our position and formed my regiment on its right. The men moved forward in good order, cheering and firing rapidly as they advanced. The enemy was driven about three-quarters of a mile with considerable loss, and the command was still moving forward when the order of recall was received. My command took some prisoners here, but, as they were sent rapidly to the rear and consigned to other commands, I cannot give the number.

Retiring with my command in good order, to the crest of the hill in our rear, I remained there until the order was given to move to our horses, 1 1/2 miles father to the rear. When the brigade mounted I was ordered to move on the flank of and to protect the battery and train. Disposing my command as required by this order, I reached a point in Chattanooga Valley about 4 miles from town, at 7 p. m. Here I remained until 11 a. m. of the 21st, when I recrossed the river at Chattanooga and marched to this point.

My entire loss during the time included in this report was as follows: Killed, 4; wounded, 10; missing, known to be prisoners, 3 Total, 17.

The small number of casualties I attribute to the fact that we in each of the positions occupied for any length of time constructed temporary breastworks which protected us from the fire of small-arms.

In concluding this report, I do but justice in bearing testimony to the gallantry of both officers and men of my command. All of them did their whole duty.

To Captain Vail, acting major, and Adjt. J. J. Howard, I am especially indebted for their invaluable assistance. Captain Boswell, who had been acting major, performed his duty well until the morning of the 19th, when he was accidentally wounded and retired from the field.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. JONES,

Major, Commanding Seventeenth Indiana.

Captain ALEXANDER A. RICE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

