
Our loss was 7 killed and 8 wounded. That of the enemy was much larger. Among their killed was the major of the Sixth Georgia Regiment. The following is a list* of the casualties in my regiment:

Company D, Captain Thomson, although in the midst of the fight, fortunately escaped without injury.

Three of my scouts had horses shot under them during the engagement.

While I sincerely regret the loss of any of my command, I cannot refrain from making special mention of Captain McMurtry, who had always shown himself a faithful and competent commander, and fell at the head of his company while gallantly leading it in the fight against his country's foes.

To Lieutenant-Colonel Kirkpatrick and Adjutant Byrns, of my regiment, I extend thanks for the efficient services rendered during the engagement. The officers and men fought nobly, and are deserving of much praise. Surgeon Morrow and Assistant Surgeon Cole performed the work appertaining to their positions in a skillful and very creditable manner.

Respectfully submitted

A. O. MILLER,

Colonel Seventy-second Indiana.

Captain ALEXANDER A. RICE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-SECOND INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Friar's Island, Tenn., September 27, 1863.

SIR: I herewith submit a report of the part taken by my command in the fighting of the 18th, 19th, and 20th instant:

In pursuance of your order I proceeded with seven companies of the Seventy-second Regiment and the One hundred and twenty-third Illinois, under Colonel Monroe, and two pieces of the Eighteenth Indiana Battery across the Chickamauga, and reported to Colonel Minty, who was then skirmishing with the enemy.

In accordance with his order I recrossed the river a few hundred yards below, over Baird's [Reed's?] Bridge, and proceeded down the river, stationing the Seventy-second Regiment at Dyer's Ford, sending Colonel Monroe with the One hundred and twenty-third Illinois to Dalton's Ford, with orders to send a scout to Red House Bridge on the road running from Ringgold to Chattanooga. In half an hour I received orders from Colonel Minty to draw back my force and form line of battle on his left, dismounting Nos. two and deploying them on foot as skirmishers. The enemy were at this time throwing shells very rapidly, the most of which passed over us and exploded in our rear. About 4 p. m. Colonel Minty ordered me to fall back in line on the right of the road leading to and intersecting the Chattanooga road in the vicinity of Gordon's Mills, at which point I joined the brigade, formed, and lay in line of battle on left and perpendicular to the Chattanooga road until the morning of the 19th, when, as ordered, I took position on right of the brigade, in the edge of the woods, some 200 yards from the Chattanooga road, and parallel with the same, and in support of the Eighteenth Indiana (Captain Lilly's) Battery.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

