
I soon formed a breastwork of rails and logs, which afforded great protection from the balls thrown from small-arms, and especially sharpshooters, who seemed to keep up a continuous firing on us.

About 3 p. m., as ordered, I moved my command across the Chattanooga road to the edge of the woods, and held my position there for half an hour, under a heavy fire, when I received your order to take my former position. Shortly after gaining it I received your order to move to the left of the brigade, the execution of which I had just commenced when ordered by General Crittenden to remain and hold my position. On stating to him your order he assumed the responsibility, and directed my attention to the advancing rebels in my did promptly, checking their advance, and drove them from farther pursuit of those on my right, who were falling back, four guns having been placed in position near the center and a little to the rear of my regiment, and which I, as ordered by General Crittenden, remained to support. On the morning of the 20th, about 7.30 a. m., in accordance with your order, I fell back about 1 1/2 miles, and took my position on the right of the brigade, placing two companies some 400 yards to the right to guard against a flank movement of the enemy.

I at once proceeded to construct a breastwork of rails and logs, and soon had a formidable work against a fire from small-arms. About 12 o'clock I received your order to mount and charge the enemy. My men had reached and prepared to mount their horses, when I received your order to advance on foot, which I did, marching by the flank until well over the hill, from which point I moved forward in line of battle, coming under and returning the fire of the enemy near a burning house which had been the headquarters of General Rosecrans. A brisk firing was kept up until the enemy retired, when, according to your order, I moved back in line in rear of the battery. After getting back to our horses I formed line of battle in rear of the train until reaching McCulloch's Mills, at which place we camped for the night, and, in connection with the One hundred and twenty-third Illinois, picketed the various roads leading to said mills.

Two of my companies, A and F, who were on picket on the 18th, and not taken with me to re-enforce Colonel Minty, but remained at their post, disputing the passage of the enemy across the Chickamauga, Company [?] losing 24 of their horses. Company F, after falling back, joined the Ninety-eighth Illinois and was in a skirmish with the enemy after dark, both companies reporting to me next morning. The following is a list of my killed and wounded.*

Making a total of killed:

September 19 and 20 3

September 12 7

---

10

Total wounded:

September 19 and 20 15

September 12 8

---

23

Total missing:

September 19 and 20 2

--------

Making a total of lost on September 12, 19, and 20 35

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

30 R R-VOI XXX, PT I

