
To Lieutenant-Colonel Kirkpatrick, Major Carr, Adjutant Byrns, and all officers and men of my regiment, I extend thanks for their efficient services rendered and bravery shown during the battle.

Respectfully submitted.

A. O. MILLER.

Colonel Seventy-Second Indiana Volunteers.

Captain ALEXANDER A. RICE,

Assistance Adjutant-General.

No. 70.

Report of Captain Eli Lilly, Eighteenth Indiana Battery.
HDQRS. 18TH IND. BATTERY, 1ST BRIG., 4TH DIV., 14TH A. C.,Friar's Island, Tenn., September 26, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders, I have the honor herewith to report operations of this battery since crossing the Tennessee River at this ford September 10, 1863:

After fording as above, the battery moved with the brigade on the Ringgold road and at nightfall camped near the Georgia line.

Eleventh instant marched at 7 a. m., and arriving within 2 miles of Ringgold, Ga., our advance was resisted and one section was taken forward and placed in position, which soon shelled the rebels out and the town was occupied. We from this point took the Dalton road, the enemy making a stand at a gap 2 miles out, and a sharp artillery duel ensued from which they retired after an hour and a half's fight, leaving 3 crippled horses and harness on the field. Our movement from this to Tunnel Hill was uninterrupted.

Twelfth, moved back to Ringgold and took the La Fayette road. Following the camps and marches of the brigade, nothing of note occurred till the 17th instant, when we marched from Pond Spring to Alexander's Bridge on Chickamauga Creek, 3 miles from Gordon's Mills.

Eighteenth instant, at 9.30 a. m., one section was sent with detachment from our brigade to re-enforce Colonel Minty, who was reported hard pressed on our left. At about 12.30 p. m. the enemy appeared in strong infantry force on our front and attacked our skirmishers. I immediately opened fire on them from my four remaining guns, doing fine execution on their ranks with long-range canister and shell at from 600 to 1,200 yards range. They soon planted two guns on an open hill in front and succeeded in throwing three shells at us before we silenced them. One of their shells fell near one of my guns when Private Sedney A. Speed, seeing the fuse still burning, picked it up from among my cannoneers and threw it over the house near by before it burst. This engagement lasted till 4.30 p. m., when Colonel Minty having been obliged to fall back, I was ordered to limber my pieces and move out, when we retired to the Gordon's Mills and Chattanooga road and rested for the night.

On the 19th instant I did not become engaged until about 2.30 p. m., when our brigade moved in support of Davis' division, at which time I shelled the enemy's lines to cover the movement. When our brigade was relieved by other troops and returned to its

