
former line I ceased firing. My position at this time was on the west side of and facing the Gordon's Mills and Chattanooga road, four pieces near the right of an open field, two pieces at the left corner of the same field, all retired in the edge of the timber. A ravine crossed the field parallel to our line two-thirds of the way to the road. The troops in our front were now falling back, and as it was expected the enemy would fall on our left, the lines were extended in that direction and the four pieces on the right were moved to a corn-field on the left of the timber we had just left, and in a direct line with our former position. This was no sooner done than the enemy moved to the road in front of our center, when the section posted at the corner of the field opened lively, the pieces being double-shotted with canister. They advanced under this and a strong oblique fire from my pieces on the left, in addition to the fire of the infantry lines, until they reached the ravine, when they fell back in disorder. We remained on this part of the field all night.

On the 20th instant we took position with the brigade on the extreme right of our lines, and were posted on the first ridge west of the road running from Crawfish Spring to Chattanooga, near where department headquarters were the day before. At-o'clock Sheridan's division, on our left, was faltering and our brigade went to its support. The brigade moved in at double-quick, and the battery took position a few hundred yards to the left of our former post and opened very rapidly, shelling a field beyond a narrow strip of woods through which the enemy was moving. The brigade soon cleared the woods, and I took a section from the hill and planted it to the right of former department headquarters and opened with canister on the retreating enemy till out of range. We now moved to our former position and finally to Chattanooga Valley, 5 miles from Chattanooga, from which place on the 21st instant we recrossed the river at Chattanooga and took position at Friar's Island covering the ford. My four mountain howitzers were with the Ninety-second Illinois Volunteers detached from the brigade on Saturday, and under Sergeant Anderson, Seventy-second Indiana Volunteers, did good fighting. Sergeant Anderson was wounded severely, and Sergeant Edwards, Seventeenth Indiana Volunteers, took command and did good work till all support left them and the enemy were within a few yards of his pieces, when he succeeded in escaping with three of his pieces and the limber of the other. Either of these men would do honor to the commissions of the miserable shoulderstrapped poltroons who allowed the support to run away from the pieces in the hour of danger. Of my officers and men I can say they have behaved bravely whenever called on. They have never faltered in duty. There is a single exception of one man who has already suffered severe punishment for straggling from the field. I have met with a loss of 2 men killed and 8 wounded. I have also lost in action 6 horses killed, 1 horse wounded, and 1 mountain howitzer; ammunition expended, 778 rounds.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, captain, your most obedient servant,

ELI LILLY,

Captain, Commanding Eighteenth Indiana Battery.

Captain ALEXANDER A. RICE,

Asst. Adjt. General 1st Brig., 4th Div., 14th Army Corps.

