
Numbers 71.

Reports of Colonel Edward A. King, Sixty-eighth Indiana Infantry,

commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. 2nd BRIG.,4TH DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,In Camp, Jasper, Tenn., August 29, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with orders from Major-General Reynolds, to feel for the enemy in the direction of Chattanooga, I crossed the Tennessee River at Shellmound last evening at 10 o'clock with 200 men of the One hundred and first Indiana Infantry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Doan, and a squad of 9 mounted men under Captain Harris, of the Nineteenth Indiana Battery. I also crossed four companies of the Seventy-fifth Indiana Infantry, two of which I left at Shellmound under Lieutenant-Colonel O'Brien, taking two companies with me to post, if necessary, at the Narrows below running Water, to hold that passage and secure my retreat should I encounter a very superior force of the enemy. At the upper end of the Narrows I came upon the enemy's pickets, received their fire without replying, and drove them in without firing, to avoid increasing the alarm in their camp. I sent the squad of mounted men up the Running Water Valley to a cross-road, and pushed with the infantry at double-quick forward and into the enemy's camp a half mile distant. We captured 6 prisoners, 11 horses, 7 saddles, 12 muskets, a bugle, and a surgeon's kit. I found that the camp had been occupied by Captain Edmondson's company, of the Third Confederate Cavalry. The troopers ran through the bushes and trees in the rear of their camp, and, of course, in the darkness were soon our of the reach of infantry. One of the prisoners taken is James M. Carroll, member elect of the Tennessee rebel Legislature for Marion County, and conscripting officer for the same county. Some of his conscription lists were also captured. He succeeded in getting out of camp, but ran into the hands of the mounted squad.

I returned by the Narrows to and crossed the river to the north side at Shellmound at 6 o'clock this morning, having before crossing added 2 fine mules and 1 horse to the captured stock.

The road from Shellmound to Running Water is in places quite bad, but could be put in fair condition in a short time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWD. A. KING,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier 4TH DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Shellmound, Tenn., August 31, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in pursuance of orders, I crossed the Tennessee River last night with my brigade, and with 375 men of Second Tennessee Cavalry under Colonel Ray, who reported to me as directed by Major-General Reynolds. I sent Colonel Ray in advance, with instructions to proceed toward Chattanooga, and if he could, without exposing his regiment too much, to go within view of the enemy at Lookout Mountain, falling back upon my brigade if hard pressed, at the junction of the Trenton and Chattanooga

