
road where I supposed I could be in time. Colonel Ray carried out his instructions very handsomely, driving in the enemy's pickets at daylight, and approaching within view of a five-gun battery at Lookout Mountain, he captured a rebel acting commissary of subsistence, whose saddle-bags I examined and found $2,736.50, which, presuming to be public funds, I took possession of and will turn over to order.

I left Trenton road at 9 a. m. to-day, reaching Shellmound at 2 p. m. The Chattanooga road is, in many places, quite bad. I forward herewith Colonel Ray's report.

Respectfully, yours, obediently,

EDWD. A. KING,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Division.

Numbers 72.

Itinerary of the Second Brigade.*

August 1 the brigade encamped at University Place, Franklin County, Tenn.

August 2 Colonel Edward A. King, Sixty-eighth Indiana Infantry, by order of Major General J. J. Reynolds, assumed command of the brigade.

August 17 the brigade moved at 9.30 a. m., and encamped at Sweeden's Cove, 12 miles from University Place.

August 18 marched at 1 p. m., and encamped at Battle Creek, 5 miles from Sweeden's Cove.

August 21 ordered to break the enemy's railroad communications by the Chattanooga and Nashville Railroad with Bridgeport at Shellmound. Moved the Seventy-fifth Indiana Infantry and a section of the Nineteenth Indiana Battery to Tennessee River, opposite Shellmound. Shelled the enemy out after dark. Crossed a small party in a canoe and burned the Nickajack Bridge and captured the ferry-boat.

August 26 crossed a party over the river, driving away the enemy's pickets, and made a reconnaissance of the vicinity of Shellmound. Moved the one hundred and first Indiana Infantry to the river.

August 28 crossed the river at Shellmound after dark with a detachment of the Seventy-fifth and One hundred and first Indiana Infantry and 9 mounted men, under Captain Harris, Nineteenth Indiana Battery. Moved up the river toward Chattanooga to fell for the enemy with 200 men of the One hundred and first Indiana as a rear guard. Six miles up the river, at the upper end of the Narrows, the enemy's picket fired on the column; drove them in upon a doublequick, and charged into the enemy's camp. He, surprised, fled pellmell, but we took 6 prisoners, 11 horses, 7 saddles, 12 rifles, a bugle, and surgeon's kit. The camp was occupied by a portion of the Third Confederate Cavalry. Fell back to Shellmound and recrossed the river.

---------------

*From returns for August and September.

---------------

