
August 30 crossed the Tennessee with my brigade and 375 men of Second Tennessee Cavalry, Colonel Ray, after dark by means of scows. The brigade over before midnight; moved toward Chattanooga upon a reconnaissance. Pushed the cavalry up to within view of the enemy's batteries at Lookout Mountain, driving in his outposts for 4 miles. Moved the infantry to Trenton Junction in support of the cavalry. The object of the expedition being fully accomplished, we fell back to Shellmound, reaching that point at 2 p. m. August 31. Headquarters at Shellmound. This brigade has driven the enemy's posts from shellmound to Lookout Mountain, a distance of 20 miles, by its operations since August 22.

September 3 marched from Shellmound, Tenn., across Raccoon Mountain.

September 4 bivouacked at Squirreltown.

September 5 marched to Trenton, Ga.

September 7 moved to Empire Iron-Works, 3 miles south of Trenton.

September 10 marched to Johnson's Crook, at the foot of Lookout Mountain.

September 11 moved on to Lookout Mountain.

September 12 ordered to report to General Negley, at Stevens' Gap. Arrived at foot of mountain at 10 a. m. Took position in line of battle on the left of General Beatty's brigade, Negley's division.

September 13 moved to foot of Cooper's Gap.

September 14 moved to Pond Spring. Lay at this point the 14th, 15th, and 16th.

September 17 relieved Turchin's brigade, guarding Catlett's Gap. September 18 was relieved by Johnson's division, Twentieth Corps, and took up the line of march for Crawfish Spring. Lay in the road most of the night.

September 19 at 9 a. m., took first position in line of battle, near Widow Glenn's house, about 3 miles from Crawfish Spring. Went into action at 3 p. m., engaging Cheatham's division; were pressed heavily; troops on right and left giving way, were forced by overpowering numbers to retire, losing one piece of artillery. At 7 p. m. took position in new line of battle to the left of former position, on ground occupied during the day by Van Cleve's division, Twenty-first Corps.

September 20 at 9.30 a. m., heavily engaged by troops of Long-street's corps. Troops on the right giving way, thus breaking the line, the One hundred and fifth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, held in reserve, was ordered up for a charge on the column of the enemy about piercing the line. The regiment, numbering about 900 men, went in gallantly, cutting up and routing the enemy's troops of Adams' brigade, Johnston's army, bringing off General Adams, wounded, and 26 prisoners. During the engagement four of the five pieces of our artillery were disabled by great depression, doubleshotting, and rapid firing. The axle-tree of one breaking, it was abandoned. From 12.30 to 4 p. m. comparative quiet. At 5 p. m. ordered to retire. Cut our way out under heavy fire of shot, shell, and canister. Retired to Rossville.

September 21 lay at Rossville in line of battle.

September 22 at 1 a. m., retired to Chattanooga, and took position on the right of General Negley's division, our left resting on Fort Negley. Remainder of the month remained in camp doing heavy picket and fatigue duty.

