
Numbers 74.

Report of Lieutenant Robert S. Lackey, Nineteenth Indiana Battery.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH INDIANA BATTERY,September 28, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by Nineteenth Indiana Battery in the action of the 20th September, 1863 (Captain Harris being disabled by a wound received in the action of the 19th, the command of the battery fell on myself):

In accordance with orders from Colonel King, commanding Second Brigade, Fourth Division, the battery took position on the right of Third Brigade, Fourth Division. The enemy commenced the action by opening out upon us with shell from two pieces of artillery, but we soon silenced them by concentrating our fire on them with solid shot and shell. In a short time thereafter the enemy approached in force, making several attempts to turn our right, but were as repeatedly repulsed with heavy loss. The battery, with the brigade, held their position until ordered to fall back by Major-General Reynolds, taking a new position in the rear of the Third Brigade, Fourth Division, and left flank of our first position. From this point we fired a few rounds of shell and solid shot, but thinking it a waste of ammunition, I asked and obtained permission of Colonel King to cease firing.

In the rapid and heavy firing through the action we disabled two of the guns by breaking the axle of a 3-inch rifled Rodman and the axle straps of a 12-pounder Napoleon. In coming off the field we lost the 3-inch rifle by the axle coming entirely off from the axlebed, making it impossible to bring it any farther. The piece was unlimbered and left in the road. The other disabled piece was brought off in safety.

Respectfully, yours,

R. S. LACKEY,

First Lieutenant Nineteenth Indiana Battery.

Major W. E. LAWRENCE,

Chief of Artillery, Fourteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 75.

Reports of Brigadier General John B. Turchin, U. S. Army Corps,

Pond Spring, Ga. September 14, 1863.

SIR: Leaving Cooper's Gap with my brigade at 6 a. m. this day, I took the Pond Spring or Catlett's Gap road, driving in a rebel cavalry picket across the Chickamauga Cove road, toward Catlett's Gap.

Posting my brigade on the Chickamauga Creek and pickets along the Chickamauga Cove road, I took the Ninety-second Ohio Regiment forward, passing Widow Thomason's house, to a meeting-house about one-half mile from the gap.

Our few advanced men found the cavalry pickets posted beyond a

