
corn-field at the gap, and when they came in sight of the pickets they saw a party of rebels on foot deploying along the edge of the woods to the right. Not wishing to bring on an engagement, I returned to camp, meeting General Reynolds, who decided on withdrawing the Ninety-second Ohio Regiment to this point. Shots were exchanged between my men and the rebels throughout the entire march and at the gap.

According to the statements of Mr. Hall, a Union citizen residing here and formerly a soldier under General Scott, the gap is 4 miles long, with high, wooded mountains on each side of the road.

The road is very good, with no steep grades; was blockaded by the rebels, but cleared again by them, and a large train of wagons passed from here through the gap the day General Negley was attacked. There is no stream of water in the gap, but a few small springs at different places. There is but one small field of corn for 4 miles beyond the point we were at.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. TURCHIN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Division.
HDQRS. 3RD BRIGADE, 4TH DIVISION, 14TH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, Tenn, September 26, 1863.

SIR: After holding the opening of Catlett's Gap for two days with my brigade against the enemy, who tried to come out of it and occupy our position, I was relieved in the evening of the 17th of September by the Second Brigade, putting my brigade in the reserve.

On the 18th I received orders to march, and the division moved in the evening by the Chickamauga Cove road, and halted on the morning of the 19th to cook coffee at Osburn's house, north of Crawfish Spring.

At about 10 o'clock on the 19th the division moved toward Widow Glenn's house, northeast of which it was supposed to take position, but an order came from General Thomas to move to McDonald's house, and the division moved by a cross-road, my brigade being at the head of the column.

While approaching McDonald's hose I received an order from the general commanding the division to face about and to return to Kelly's Cross-Roads, but immediately after that my assistant adjutant-general, Captain Curtis, brought me information that two of my regiments, the Ninety-second Ohio and the Eighteenth Kentucky, had been moved to the front already by General Reynolds, and that had been moved to the front already by General Reynolds, and that he (Captain Curtis) would take the balance of the brigade to the position.

While we were thus marching forward and backward heavy fighting was going on in the front and on our right flank.

At 3 p. m. I succeeded in finding my two regiments that were engaged, and took position with the other two regiments that were with me (the Thirty-sixth and Eleventh Ohio) in the second line, having the Twenty-first Indiana Battery on a low ridge at the right of the battalions.

The position was in the woods, two regiments fighting in the hollow

