
in front supporting General Hazen's brigade, of Palmer's division; on my left was General Willich's brigade, of Johnson's division. I had hardly taken the position when General Hazen requested me to send one of my regiments to relieve one or two of his regiments that were fighting in front, as they were out of ammunition. I sent the Eleventh Ohio to the front. Shortly afterward I relieved the Ninety-second Ohio with the Thirty-sixth Ohio, putting the former in reserve.

The enemy being repulsed on my front, the brigade of General Willinch advanced to the front and left, and the brigade of General Hazen being withdrawn, my brigade was isolated from other troops. I decided to take to the right, and formed in two lines on the left of General Cruft's brigade, of Palmer's division.

Shortly afterward, at about 4.30 p. m., the enemy came in heavy columns on our front; there was wavering and indecision, and I ordered a charge. The brigade yelled, rushed forward, and drove the enemy back in confusion, taking some prisoners. The brigade of General Cruft charged with us. After consulting General Cruft, we decided to fall back, to reform our line, on the original position. This being done, I received orders from the general commanding to join the Second Brigade, which I subsequently did, and that closed the day.

The charge was executed by the whole brigade most gallantly. We routed, as we learned from the prisoners afterward, Law's brigade, Hood's division, Longstreet's corps, a crack brigade of the rebel army of Richmond.

The position on the first day was so bad and so wooded that my battery could fire only three shots during the day's fighting, and those were fired at the rebel stragglers after we made the charge. On the morning of the 20th I was ordered to shift my brigade to the left and move to the front to take the place of General Hazen's brigade, which moved to the left, the Second Brigade taking my place. I had the Thirty sixth Ohio, Ninety-second Ohio, and a portion of the Eleventh Ohio in the first line, several companies of the latter and the Eighteenth Kentucky Regiment being in the reserve.

At about 10 o'clock we were attacked by the enemy, and for about one hour the infantry and the battery kept up a continual fire. The breastwork of rails and timber protected our men. The enemy suffered severely. At noon and after until 2 o'clock there was a comparative lull in our front, while battle raged on the right and left of the position of the army.

Receiving orders to change front and to abandon a portion of the fortifications, to complete the line with the Second Brigade, I directed my battery to move back and take place on the left of Captain Harris' battery, of the Second Brigade, and the Thirty-sixth Ohio Regiment to support it, and was preparing to move other regiments when an order came from General Thomas to hold the position. I moved the Thirty-sixth and the battery to their original position. I moved the Thirty-sixth and the battery to their originals positions, driving the enemy's sharpshooters back.

Shortly after General Reynolds came with the Second Brigade and informed me that two brigades of Brannan's division, on the right of the Second Brigade, gave way, and the Second Brigade was obliged to change front, and that I must change my front to the right. I reformed my brigade, with the Thirty-sixth and Eleventh Ohio Regiments in the first line and the Ninety-second Ohio and Eighteenth Kentucky Regiments in the second, four pieces of artillery in front

