
and two in the reserve, the Second Brigade being placed, en echelon, on my right and rear.

The roar of the battle on our right and left advancing more and more to our rear, the time was coming to retreat. At last the order came for us to retreat by the right flank. The brigade moved, then halted and faced to the front; then orders came to move to the rear. The brigade faced about, made a few paces and faced that portion of the enemy that had outflanked the left of our lines and was in the rear of Palmer's, Johnson's and Baird's divisions.

The command "Forward" was given; some few shots were exchanged; I gave the order to charge. The brigade yelled, rushed forward, and broke to pieces the confronting columns of the rebels. They fled pell-mell; we took 250 prisoners, charged up hill, and, notwithstanding the flank fire of the rebel battery and the front fire of the two pieces, the regiments rushed on and took the two pieces, but for want of time and the horses being disabled, could not get them away.

I ordered the brigade to move by the left flank, and joined Colonel McCook's brigade, of the Reserve Corps, that was in position on our left.

As I learned afterward General Reynolds, with about 150 of my brigade, being on the extreme right and not noticing our movement to the left, was still moving on the main road; some rebel troops were met, but gave way, and the rest of the brigade joined us safely.

That charge relieved our troops of the left that were outflanked and partially surrounded. The charge was made most gallantly.

It showed that we have soldiers on whom we may rely in the most difficult circumstances.

The Ninety-second Ohio Regiment, having never been in action before, behaved most gallantly during these two days. All the other regiments had seen fight before and they did admirably.

The officers and men of the brigade did nobly. The maneuvers were executed with precision and order. We did not flinch one inch from our position during both days' fight. My brigade formed the salient point of the position on the second day, and while on the right and left our troops were falling back we held our ground until we charged to the rear.

Colonel Lane and Major Higgins, of the Eleventh Ohio Regiment, most gallantly directed the movements of their regiment.

After Colonel Jones, of the Thirty-sixth Ohio, was mortally wounded, Lieutenant-Colonel Devol commanded the regiment with great skill and bravery. Major Adney being wounded, Lieutenant-Colonel Devol was the only field officer with the regiment.

After Colonel Fearing, of the Ninety-second Ohio, was wounded Lieutenant-Colonel Putnam commanded the regiment, and notwithstanding that he was wounded himself, remained faithfully with the regiment, nobly assisted by Major Golden and his brave and intrepid adjutant, Lieutenant Turner.

Lieutenant-Colonel Milward, of the Eighteenth Kentucky, received a severe bruise from a horse that overran him, but remained on the field of battle until Sunday afternoon, when Captain Heltemes took charge of the regiment. Major Wileman having been wounded in the first day's fight, Captain Heltemes conducted the regiment in the last charge bravely and took a two-gun battery of the enemy, showing thereby his bravery and coolness.

In conclusion, I must mention the gallant conduct of my staff of-

