
ficers on the battle-field. Captain Curtis, my assistant adjutant-general, was my right hand during the two days' battle. Captain Price, Eleventh Ohio, brigade inspector, and Captain Robbins, Eighteenth Kentucky, brigade provost-marshal, acted as my aides-de-camp and assisted me gallantly.

Our loss during the two days' fight is 1 officer and 29 men killed, 18 officers and 2.0 men wounded, and 6 officers and 80 men missing. The Eighty-ninth Ohio Regiment having unfortunately been previously detached from the brigade, was during the fight serving in General Steedman's division of the Reserve Corps.

The entire regiment, as I understand, was captured by the enemy, excepting about 100 men and 3 officers, who were detailed to guard some train. It was unfortunate for a brigade that came out of the campaign so nobly to lose one of its regiments by the fault of somebody else.

The list of the casualties is herewith submitted.* The reports of the regimental commanders will be forwarded as soon as received.

An approximate sketch +of a portion of the battle-field and of the positions of my brigade is herewith forwarded.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. TURCHIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Division, 14th Army Corps.

ADDENDA.

Itinerary of the Third Brigade for September, 1863.+

September 1 moved from Jasper, Tenn., to Shellmound, Tenn., crossing Tennessee River at Shellmound Ferry.

September 4 moved across Racoon Mountain to Squirreltown, Gal.

September 5 moved to Trenton, Ga.

September 10 moved to Johnson's Crook, Lookout Mountain.

September 11 moved across Lookout Mountain, Cooper's Gap, Ga.

September 14 moved to Pond Spring, Ga.

September 15, 16, 17, and 18, guarded the western opening to Catlett's Gap, Pigeon Mountain, skirmishing daily. Loss, 6 wounded.

September 18, at 7 p. m., started toward the battle-field of Chickamauga, spending the night on the road, blockaded by trains of other commands.

September 19, at 7 a. m., passed Crawfish Spring. Halted at Thomas Osburn's house at 8 a. m. Moved at 10 a. m. to battle-field. Entered into action at 2 p. m. At 4 p. m. charged a brigade of Hood's division, Longstreet's corps, driving them three-fourths of a mile, capturing two pieces of artillery. Returned to position, and at 7 p. m. ordered to take place in new line of battle.

September 20, at 7 a. m., ordered to move to the left, taking the ground previously occupied by Hazen's brigade, Palmer's division, Twenty-first Army Corps. At 9 a. m. heavily engaged. From 12 m. to 3 p. m. comparatively quiet, during which a change of front was made, on account of the right wing of the army having been driven back. At 5 p. m. a retreat ordered. Brigade moved about one-third of a mile to rear, formed two lines, and charged the enemy, drawn

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 173.

+Not found.

+From return for September.

---------------

