
up to cut off our retreat, taking 300 prisoners and 2 pieces of artillery. After pursuing them about one-half mile, the brigade moved by the left flank and reached Rossville road. A small portion of the brigade about 150 men, pursued the enemy about 1 mile farther, returned, and joined the command. At 8 p. m. the brigade moved to Rossville, Ga.

September 21, at 7 a. m., 4 officers and 93 men, the debris of the Eighty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, joined the command. This regiment was detached from the brigade and ordered to Tracy City, Tenn., August 17; ordered to join brigade September 1; at Bridgeport was ordered to escort a train to Chattanooga; at Chattanooga was placed in a brigade of Steedman's division of the Reserve Corps, and reached the battle-field of Chickamauga about noon of the 20th instant. Loss of the brigade in the battles of 19th and 20th: 1 officer and 29 men killed; 18 officers and 209 men wounded; 6 officers and 80 men missing; total, 25 officers and 318 men. Loss of the Eighty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the battles of the 19th and 20th: 2 officer and 17 men killed; 2 officers and 61 men wounded; 13 officers and 158 men missing; total, 17 officers and 236 men; aggregate loss of the entire brigade, 42 officers and 554 men. At 8 a. m. brigade took position on the right of Negley's division.

September 22, at 1 a. m., brigade moved to Chattanooga, Tenn. At 7 a. m. took position on the left of the Twentieth Army Corps. At 8 a. m. ordered to fall back to the line of intrenchment traced for a line of permanent defense. Remainder of the month brigade remained at Chattanooga, doing heavy picket duty.

Numbers 76.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Hubbard K. Milward, Eighteenth Kentucky

Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH REGT. KENTUCKY VOL. INFANTRY,Near Chattanooga, Tenn., September 26, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I herewith submit report of the part taken by my command in the engagement of Saturday and Sunday, 19th and 20th instant.

Saturday morning about 10 o'clock the regiment reached the camp of the brigade 2 miles northeast of Crawfish Spring, and after a halt of a few minutes moved with the brigade about a half mile up the road and formed in double column in the rear line of the brigade; about 11 o'clock moved forward and up the Chattanooga road, the Eighteenth Kentucky in rear of the Ninety-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and at a point south of Kelly's house was ordered by Major-General Reynolds, commanding division, to form line of battle and support the Ninety-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry, which entered the woods east of road. After advancing 300 to 400 yards the regiment formed in the line and one the left of the Ninety-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and was immediately exposed to a heavy and well-directed fire from the enemy, which was warmly returned and the enemy gradually pushed farther back into the woods. About 3 p. m. a charge on the left by a brigade of General Brannan's division caused the fire to cease from that flank and the regiment was half wheeled to the right and that position retained until 4.30 p. m., when the supply of ammunition being exhausted orders were received to fall back a short distance which was done am-

