
munition distributed, and the remaining dead and wounded cared for. Soon after this the regiment was moved to the rear, formed line in rear of Ninety-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry, but immediately changed front to the right to resist an attack from that flank, and by order of Brigadier-General Turchin, commanding brigade, fixed bayonets and lay down; after the charge by the balance of the brigade was made, took position in the woods on the right of where we were engaged in the morning, and at dusk went into bivouac on the Chattanooga road south of Kelly's house. Details for guard duty, including the whole of Company A, has reduced the effective force of enlisted men to about 250 men, of whom there were 4 killed, 30 wounded, and 20 missing; commissioned officers wounded, 5, among them Major A. G. Wileman and First Lieutenant and Actg. Adjt. Silas Howe, both of whom behaved with great gallantry on the field. Surgeon Fithian, being acting brigade surgeon, was on duty at the hospitals. Assistant Surgeon Elliott was on the the field and rendered aid to the wounded. To Captain J. B. Heltemes, who, after Major Wileman was wounded, became acting major, great credit is due for his coolness and gallant bearing while under fire.

The lien officers did their whole duty, and to name those deserving mention would be to name them all. I beg to make special mention of Color Sergts. Andrew Simmons, Company I, and Patrick Burns, Company B, neither of whom faltered or wavered, but bravely bore our starry emblems in the very front of the battle during the entire day.

I saw no cowards, nor does the report of any company commander speak of one.

Sunday morning, between 8 and 9 o'clock, the regiment moved from bivouac into the breastworks on the right and front, and took position in line of battle in the rear (50 or 75 yards) of the Ninety-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry. At 11 o'clock, I being so disabled from injuries received by being run over by a horse during the march of the Friday night previous as to be unable to walk, mount, or dismount without great assistance, and in the field contrary to the advice of Division Surgeon Herrick and Brigade Surgeon Fithian, by advice and consent of Brigadier-General Turchin, commanding brigade, left the regiment in command of Captain and Actg. Major J. B. Heltemes.

I inclose his report covering operations of the balance of the day, and list of killed, wounded, and missing during the two days' fight.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. K. MILWARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. B. CURTIS,

A. A. G., 3rd Brig., 4th Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 77.

Report of Captain John B. Heltemes, Eighteenth Kentucky Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH KENTUCKY VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Near Chattanooga Tenn., September 26, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Eighteenth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry during the fighting of Sunday, September 20, 1863, after 11 a. m.:

At that time Lieutenant-Colonel Milward, being disabled, left the

