
field, and the command devolved on me, the regiment being in line of battle, lying down about 75 yards in rear of Ninety-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry, which was in action at the works. About noon the regiment relieved seven companies of the Ninety-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and held the position against several heavy charges of the enemy until all the ammunition was exhausted, when it was withdrawn, formed in double columns, and fresh ammunition received; then took position about 50 yards in rear of Thirty-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, holding position at the right end of the works; remained there about forty minutes, when front was changed by the brigade, and the Eighteenth took position, closed en masse, in rear of the left wing of the Thirty-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. At 4 p. m. the brigade moved to the Chattanooga road and formed line of battle north of said road, facing west, then faced about and charged the enemy along the road and across a field into the woods, where the Eighteenth captured two pieces of artillery left by the enemy in their flight, but these pieces being turned the wrong way and no place to turn them, we took what prisoners we had and flanked to the left, to rally on the left of our brigade, which then began to form in the rear of a portion of Major General Gordon Granger's corps on a hill north of the woods. Here a rest of about one and a half hours was given, and we moved with the brigade down the Chattanooga road to a point 2 miles east of Rossville and bivouacked.

The loss sustained in the day's fighting was: Enlisted men killed, 3; commissioned officers wounded, 3; enlisted men wounded, 8; commissioned officers missing, 4; enlisted men missing, 12. Among the officers missing, Surgeon and Acting Brigade Surgeon Fithian, who was at the division hospital when it was captured by the enemy.

The officers of the line behaved handsomely, and too much praise cannot be awarded to Color Sergt. A. Simmons, Company I, and Corpl. J. W. Wiley, Company F, who in the absence of Color Sergeant Burns (who was sick) carried his stand of colors.

I am, very respectfully,

J. B. HELTEMES,

Captain Co. K, Actg. Major 18th Ky. Vol. Infty.

Captain W. B. CURTIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigade, Fourth Division.

No. 78.

Report of Colonel Philander P. Lane, Eleventh Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH REGT. OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 26, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following details of the part taken by the Eleventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the action of the 19th and 20th instant:

The effective strength of the regiment was 413 enlisted men and 20 commissioned officers, all our commissioned officers being present except Captains Duncan and Layman and Lieutenant-Colonel Street, sick in hospital. We arrived on the battle-field at 9 a. m. on the morning of the 19th instant, and were soon after placed in a position to support the Ninety-second Ohio Regiment, then under fire.

