
Soon after General Hazen notified me that one of his regiments to my front and right was out of ammunition and were falling back, and wished me to occupy its position. I referred him to you, but in the meantime the regiment fell back, and I took the responsibility of ordering my regiment forward to fill the gap, but before the movement was completed I received your order to occupy the position. The Ninety-second Ohio was soon after relieved and the Thirty-sixth Ohio Regiment moved up on our left; the enemy kept up a brisk fire on our front and right flank; my regiment was ordered to charge, which was done with spirit and we drove the enemy from a field in our front and captured a number of prisoners. At the commencement of the charge the color-bearer was struck by a spent ball and fell. The colors were seized by Lieutenant Peck, of Company E, and carried at the head of the line. We held the ground gained for half an hour or more, and then I moved the regiment by the left flank under cover of timber and to support the Thirty-sixth Ohio Regiment, which was then lying to the left and rear and exposed to a heavy fire on their right. We were then ordered to fall back to our first position and change our front more to the right to meet the enemy, who were making heavy demonstrations in that direction. The Eleventh [being] on the left and Thirty-sixth on the right, we were ordered to make a second charge, which was done successfully, cleaning the front of the enemy and taking a number of prisoners. We then fell back to our first position, which we held until dark.

On the morning of the 20th, we were stationed on the second line to support the Thirty-Sixth Ohio Regiment, in rear of a rude fortification on the left of the Second Brigade. We were kept alternately on left and rear until the afternoon, all the time under a brisk fire. During the hardest fire out rude fortification caught fire, and Second Lieutenant Hardenbrook, Company B, took a part of his company and separated the timber to prevent its spreading and destroying the protection it afforded us. Company B, took a part of his company and separated the timber to prevent its spreading and destroying the protection it afforded us. Company D, deployed as skirmishers on the left of the line, lost 13 killed and wounded in a short time. We were withdrawn from this position to make a charge on the enemy, who were moving in our rear. The charge was made by the rear rank and the line became much broken, but it was made with spirit and success, taking a large number of prisoners. We followed up the enemy some 3 miles on the Rossville road; by some misunderstanding more than two-thirds of the regiment marched by the left flank soon after the first line of the enemy was broken. The other third and about the same proportion of the Thirty-sixth kept to the front, led by Major-General Reynolds. We found the enemy in force on the Rossville road, about 3 miles from the point we started from. We halted here and formed the fragments of the Eleventh, Thirty-sixth, and Ninety-second Ohio Regiments, and marched by the left flank and joined General Granger's command where we found our brigade. Our loss during the two days was 5 killed, 36 wounded, and 22 missing. The missing are probably nearly all prisoners, as they were sent to the rear with prisoners on our last charge, and the enemy being in that vicinity, our men and their prisoners were captured. Up to the time of our last charge not more than 6 of my men were missing.

The officers and men of my regiment endured every hardship and braved every danger with cheerfulness. Many of our men were without water for twelve or fifteen hours. Nearly all of our wounded

