
of the 20th were left on the field. Our hospital arrangements were a total failure; neither surgeons, hospital corps, nor ambulances were to be found.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. LANE,

Colonel Comdg. Eleventh Regt. Ohio Vol. Infantry.

J. B. TURCHIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 79.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Hiram F. Devol, Thirty-sixth Ohio Infantry.

CAMP AT CHATTANOOGA,

September 23, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the Thirty-sixth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry for the two days' battle, September 19 and 20, 1863:

On the morning of the 19th we went into position on the right of the road leading to Ringgold, and about 1 1/2 miles east of Crawfish Spring. From there we were ordered 1 mile to the east and front to relieve the Ninety-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry, who had been engaged in the woods on the right of the road. About 3 p. m. the troops on our right were driven back by the enemy, which caused us to change front to the right and to the rear of the Ninetieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and one other regiment. In a short time they were driven back through our lines; we then engaged the enemy, who were in considerable force. In a very few minutes, and when we were suffering terribly from the enemy's fire, I went to look for the colonel but did not see him. I then ordered a charge, which was obeyed most gallantly by my regiment and the Eleventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, who had formed on our left. We drove the enemy from a quarter to half a mile, when I halted and reformed. We were then ordered back to our former position. I then learned that Colonel Jones had been wounded in the early part of the engagement. About 6 o'clock I took position in the road and to the right, where we camped for the night with the balance of the brigade.

On the morning of the 20th we moved to the position occupied by our brigade. We held that position until 4 p. m., when the enemy had us nearly surrounded. We were then formed on the west side of the road, fronting southeast. We then faced about and charged the enemy about a mile, driving and routing them completely. Passing one of their batteries, killed their horses and dismounted their guns. We then formed on the hill where some of the Reserve Corps were posted, and marched to Rossville, arriving about 10 p. m.

Casualties in the two days' fighting: Killed, 12; wounded, 65, and missing, 14 (according to accompanying list*).

Too much praise cannot be awarded to both officers and men for their gallantry. Without an exception they behaved nobly, driving

the enemy, who were in greatly superior numbers, in every instance.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

31 R R-VOI XXX, PT I

