
The success of this regiment and brigade is not owing to its discipline and efficiency alone, but to its confidence in the skill of its brigade commander.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. F. DEVOL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain W. B. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 80.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Douglas Putnam, jr., Ninety-second Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. NINETY-SECOND REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFTY.,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 26, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Ninety-second Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the battles of Saturday and Sunday, September 19 and 20, 1863:

At daylight on the 19th of September the Ninety-second Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Colonel B. D. Fearing commanding, moved with the brigade from bivouac on the Chattanooga road, about 7 miles west of Ringgold, passed Crawfish Spring about 7 a. m., and halted for breakfast about 2 miles from the spring. About 10 a. m. the regiment moved with the Eleventh and Thirty-sixth Regiments Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Eighteenth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, and Twenty-first Indiana Battery up the road about one-half mile, and formed in double column in the second column of the brigade for battle. About 11 a. m. the brigade was moved forward and up the Chattanooga road, the Ninety-second being ordered to follow the battery. As the regiment was moving along the road south of Kelly's house, it was ordered by Major-General Reynolds, commanding division, to form line of battle and advance into the woods east of the road, supported by the Eighteenth Kentucky Regiment, the remainder of the brigade passing along the road. The regiment, numbering in effective strength about 400 men, engaged a line of the enemy, relieving a regiment of General Palmer's division, and meeting a very severe fire of musketry and shell, under which they remained until 3 p. m., holding the enemy in check and pushing his line back some distance. A brigade of General Johnson's division charged the woods on our right about 3 o'clock, causing the enemy's cross-fire to cease. About this time Colonel Fearing was wounded and carried from the field, and the command, so skillfully commanded by him, fell to me. At 4 o'clock, the regiment being nearly out of ammunition, and the Thirty-sixth and Eleventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry having returned, the Ninety-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry was relieved by the Thirty-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and I took a position in support of the brigade. Soon after this the brigade, being now all together, changed front to the right, and charged through the woods, the Ninety-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry being the second line. The brigade of the enemy (Law's

