
brigade of Hood's division, Longstreet's corps) were routed and driven back. The regiment then went into position with the brigade, on the right of the woods, where we fought in the morning, and about dark went into bivouac on the Chattanooga road, south of Kelly's house. The regiment lost in the battle of Saturday 5 men killed, 3 officers and 50 men wounded, and 5 men missing. The smallness of the loss was due to the very skillful management of Colonel Fearing, and his coolness and bravery while under fire and in command.

Early on the morning of Sunday, the 20th, the regiment moved forward into the woods in front of their bivouac, and were placed behind a breastwork of logs and wood facing south, and kept up a brisk fire upon the enemy's line until noon, when firing almost ceased, and the regiment was drawn back and lay in double column unengaged till about 4 p. m. About this time the regiment moved with the brigade up the Chattanooga road, a short distance above Kelly's house, when line of battle was formed facing southwest. The line was then faced by the rear rank to the northeast and ordered to charge a line of the enemy drawn up in solid column across the road. The Ninety-second Regiment led the charge on the right, now become the left, and with the other regiments drove the rebels across the field and over the hill and came out at a battery stationed on the hill north of the woods, belonging to Granger's corps. After receiving a volley from the enemy, with bayonets fixed and a shout, [we] rushed forward and in utter confusion forced them to abandon a part of a battery and throw away their arms. A colonel and several officers were taken prisoners by my men. After resting in line of battle for an hour and a half the regiment moved with the brigade down the road to a point about 2 miles from Rossville, where we bivouacked for the night. We lost in the charge 3 commissioned officers wounded, 12 men wounded, 15 men missing. We sent back a number of prisoners, who were taken to Chattanooga. The entire loss of the two days' fight was as follows: Killed, 6; wounded, 62; officers, 6; missing, 20.*

Major Golden assisted me in every possible manner and did himself credit. Captains Grosvenor and Whittlesey are especially deserving of notice for bravery and coolness and for the manner in which their companies were managed. After Colonel Fearing was wounded, Captain Grosvenor took command of the left wing. Major Golden going to the right. I fell under obligations to Adjt. George B. Turner, whose assistance was invaluable to me, and whose coolness and forethought were manifested on every occasion. He is deserving of especial notice and commendation. Surgeon Colton was with us whenever it was possible for him to reach us, and left nothing undone for the comfort of the wounded. Quartermaster Priestley showed himself to be a brave man, and was on the field attending to the wants of the men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DOUGLAS PUTNAM, JR.,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. B. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 173.

---------------

