
No. 81.

Report of Second Lieutenant William E. Chess, Twenty-first Indiana

Battery.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., September 27, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you the part taken in the action of September 19 and 20, 1863, by the Twenty-first Indiana Battery; also the loss of men and materiel.

The battery was first brought into position on the morning of the 19th in the center of the brigade, from which point some 180 rounds of ammunition were expended. When the troops on the right gave way the battery changed front, and after a few rounds of canister had been fired the brigade charged, followed by the battery. After advancing half a mile the battery again came into position and fired canister and case-shot. We were then ordered back to our old position and in a few minutes back to a high ridge, where we camped for the night.

On Sunday morning we were ordered to or near the position occupied on the previous day. After firing canister and case-shot for several hours, the battery was ordered to the rear, on the left of the Nineteenth Indiana Battery, from which point a few rounds were fired. At about 2 p. m. we were ordered again into position to the rear of Fourth Division Hospital. Our caissons having become separated from the battery and ammunition being scarce, but few rounds were fired from this position. When the brigade charged the battery got separated from it and reported to General Thomas, by whom it was assigned a position with the Second Brigade until the Third Brigade's position was ascertained. Captain Andrew then reported to General Turchin for orders.

LOSSES.

Men wounded* 10

Horses wounded and abandoned 12

Gun and limber, light 12-pounder 1

Ammunition chest 1

Fifth wheel 1

Rounds of canister 160

rounds of shell 104

Rounds of spherical case 168

Rounds of solid shot 10

Friction primers 560

Gunners' pouches 2

Priming-wires 2

Thumb-stalls 2

Lanyards 2

Sponge-staves 2

Rubber buckets 4

Saddle, cavalry 1

Bridle, cavalry 1

Halters 12

Set harness, single 1

Artillery bridle 1

Axes 4

Tarpaulins 4

Hoping the above may prove correct, I am, yours, truly,

W. E. CHESS,

Second Lieutenant, Comdg. Twenty-first Indiana Battery.

Captain HARRIS,

Comdg. 19th Indiana Battery, Chief of Arty., 4th Div.

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 173.

---------------

