
Alpine, Ga., to support the cavalry. Heg's brigade of same division marched toward Broomtown Valley, by way of Neal's Gap. At 6 p. m. I received information from the general commanding, stating that the enemy had evacuated Chattanooga, and were retreating southward, and ordering me to move rapidly upon Alpine and Summerville, Ga., in pursuit; to intercept his line of retreat and attack him on flank.

September 10 Post's brigade, of Davis' division, was ordered to remain at Winston's, to guard trains, &amp;c. Johnson's division marched at 5 a. m. from Long's Spring, and crossed Lookout Mountain, encamping at base near Henderson's. Sheridan's division marched at 5 a. m. from Stevens' Mill, and encamped on Little River, about 2 1/2 miles form the western crest.

Headquarters of the corps moved to near Alpine.

On arriving at Alpine I discovered that the enemy and not retreated very far from Chattanooga, and not being able to communicate with General Thomas by way of the valley, I dispatched couriers by way of Valley Head and learned to my surprise that he had not reached La Fayette as ordered. His reasons for not having reached that place became more apparent as we progressed. Under these circumstances I did not move upon Summerville as ordered.

My corps was isolated at Alpine, and had it moved to Summerville it would have been exposed to the entire rebel army, which reconnaissance soon convinced me was being concentrated at or near La Fayette, Ga.

September 11, 9.30 p. m., I received communication from General Thomas, repeating his difficulties on the march, and that he could not reach La Fayette until the 12th. Believing that no co-operation could exist between General Thomas and myself by way of Broomtown Valley, I ordered all my wagon trains and materiel not absolutely necessary for the troops to be returned to the top of Lookout Mountain, and there to await the result of the cavalry reconnaissance sent by General Stanley to ascertain the whereabouts of the enemy, the general commanding being apprised of my movements and dispositions.

September 12 the Twentieth Corps rested in position near Alpine.

September 13 orders were received from General Thomas at midnight, directing two divisions of my corps to be moved to his support, and the other division to be left to guard the trains. This order was given by direction of General Rosecrans. It was my desire to join General Thomas by the Mountain road via Stevens' Gap, but not having any guide, all the citizens concurring that no such road existed, and General Thomas also stating that the route by Valley Head was the only practicable one, I determined to join him by that route. A brigade from each division was detailed as a guard for my trains and General Lytle placed in command. My corps was moved up the mountain at Alpine.

On the night of the 13th and on the night of the 14th my corps was again encamped in Lookout Valley, except the division guarding the trains, which was encamped at Little River, on the mountains. Sheridan's division marched down Lookout Valley to Johnson's Crook, and encamped at the base of the mountains.

Being informed that a good mountain road ran direct from Valley Head To Stevens' Gap, Generals Johnson and Davis were ordered to march on that road with the utmost expedition.

By direction of the general commanding, General Lytle was or-

