
right be secure, to go forward in person and take command of the troops of the corps already engaged.

General R. B. Mitchell reporting with his cavalry, I was enabled to obey this order at once, arriving upon the field at the close of the engagement of the 19th.

On the 19th General Johnson's division fought near the extreme left of the line of battle. His division fought gloriously, driving the enemy more than a mile, capturing seven of the enemy's guns and a large number of prisoners.

General Davis' division fought on the right of Widow Glenn's house against vastly superior numbers, maintaining the conflict gallantly until near nightfall, when it was relieved by Bradley's brigade, of Sheridan's division, which was hastily thrown forward and gallantly drove the enemy from the open ground and across the Chattanooga and La Fayette road, after a sanguinary engagement, recapturing the Eighth Indiana Battery, which had been previously captured by the enemy, and capturing also a large number of prisoners belonging to Hood's division, of Longstreet's corps. Darkness coming on the battle closed.

At midnight of the 19th of September I received the following order:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Widow Glenn's, September 19, 1863-11.45 a. m.

Major-General McCOOK,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs you as soon as practicable after receipt of this order to post your command so as to form the right of the new battle front, and hold this place. Leave your outposts and grand guard where they now are till they are driven in by the enemy, when they will fall back on the main body of your command, contesting the ground inch by inch.

Very respectfully,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

The date of the above order should be read 11.45 p. m.

This order was strictly complied with. Lytle's brigade, of Sheridan's division, was posted on the strong position in rear of Glenn's house, Sheridan's other two brigades were posted on very strong ground to the right and rear of this position. Davis' division, consisting of two small brigades, was posted to the left and rear of this position, in reserve, his left resting on the right of Crittenden's corps. These movements were all completed by daylight of the 20th, when the general commanding visited my position in person. Johnson's division was still retained near the extreme left of the line of battle and not under my immediate orders.

At 6 a. m. of the 20th Colonel J. T. Wilder, Seventeenth Indiana, commanding brigade of mounted infantry, reported in person to me, stating that he had with his troops been ordered to join my command and receive orders from me, also stating that he had two regiments armed with the Spencer rifle posted in the woods on the right of Negley's position, which was to the left and front of General Lytle's position, which was to the left and front of General Lytle's position. The remainder of Colonel Wilder's command, with its artillery, was posted on strong ground immediately to Sheridan's right.

