
Major-General Sheridan is commended to his country. Brigadier-Generals Johnson and Davis are commended to their country, and recommended to my superiors for promotion.

Brigadier General August Willich, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, and Colonel W. W. Berry, Fifth Kentucky Volunteers, commanding Third Brigade, are strongly recommended by General Johnson for promotion.

Colonel L. P. Bradley, Fifty-first Illinois, commanding Third Brigade, of Third Division, and Colonel Bernanrd Laiboldt, Second Missouri Volunteers, commanding Second Brigade, Third Division, are strongly recommended for promotion by General Sheridan.

It affords me pleasure to add my testimony as to the gallantry of these distinguished soldiers, and commend them to my superiors for promotion.

The Twentieth Army Corps, during the two days' battle, lost five pieces of artillery and captured seven from the enemy, also retaking the Eighth Indiana Battery lost on Saturday.

Two guns lost by Johnson's division were so disabled by shot and the killing of horses that it was impossible to remove them.

Davis' division did not lose a gun or wagon during the conflict.

To my staff, Lieutenant Colonel G. P. Thruston, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff; Major Caleb Bates, aide-de-camp; Captain B. D. Williams, aide-de-camp; Captain F. J. Jones, aide-de-camp; Captain J. H. Fisher, volunteer aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Colonel H. N. Fisher, assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant Colonel J. F. Boyd, quartermaster; Lieutenant Colonel G. W. Burton, commissary of subsistence; Major G. A. Kensel, chief of artillery; Captain A. C. McClurg, acting assistant adjutant-general and ordnance officer; Captain I. C. McElfatrick, topographical engineer; Surg. J. Perkins, medical director; Captain A. T. Snodgrass, provost-marshal, my thanks are due for their devotion to duty, gallantry in action, and intelligence on the field.

Throughout the entire campaign, since the corps left Stevenson, the Thirty-ninth Indiana Mounted Infantry, under its efficient commander, Colonel T. J. Harrison, has performed the most arduous and important service. On the morning of September 20, when the enemy was endeavoring to turn our extreme right, this fine regiment made a most gallant charge, driving the enemy several hundred yards and inflicting terrible punishment upon them.

The brigade of Colonel Wilder charged the rebel lines at the same time very handsomely, capturing nearly 200 prisoners.

I desire also to speak in terms of the highest commendation of the conduct of my escort from the Second Kentucky Cavalry, commanded by Lieutenant Batman, and of the provost guard attached to corps headquarters, and under command of Captain Richards, of the Eighty-first Indiana Volunteers.

The signal corps, under Lieutenant B. R. Wood, jr., has also been useful and efficient during the entire campaign.

For particular instances of individual bravery I refer you to the inclosed reports of division and brigade commanders.

A list of killed and wounded and missing will be forwarded as soon as it is completed.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major General of Vols., Comdg. Twentieth Army Corps.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff.

