
Artillery entered somewhat extensively into the battle, but the fighting was mostly done with musketry at short range and with conical leaden bullets.

Judging from my own observation I would say that the proportion of slight wounds is greater than usually occurs.

We left with our wounded 11 medical officers, with the necessary medical supplies and about 3,000 rations. We lost during the battle 14 ambulances and all the hospital tents in the reserve supply, with 5 belonging to the First and 2 to the Third Division, left at Crawfish Spring. Besides the hospital tents, the only issues on the field from the corps supplies were 250 tin cups, 250 tin plates, 250 table spoons, and 100 woolen blankets. The balance was brought to Chattanooga.

During the night of the 21st our army fell back to Chattanooga, at which place, in pursuance of orders from the medical director of the department, division hospitals have been established in which such of the wounded as have not been sent to the rear are now being treated, and are generally doing well.

The fortunes of war have placed it beyond our power to furnish a report of the killed, and at present it is impossible to procure a list of the wounded that will even approximate accuracy as to numbers. Accompanying this report will be forwarded as soon as it can be obtained.

In conclusion, I am desirous of bearing testimony to the zeal and conscientious regard for duty that have characterized the conduct of our medical officers throughout the entire campaign, but more especially during and since the battle. of the division medical directors of this corps I wish to speak in terms of special commendation, as very much of the good that we have been to accomplish is due to the prompt and efficient manner in which they have performed their duties.

Many of the regimental surgeons and assistant surgeons are deserving of special notice, for which I beg leave to refer you to the reports of the division medical directors, which are herewith transmitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. PERKINS,

Surg. 10th Regt. Ky. Vol. Inf., Act. Med. Dir., 20th A. C.

Surg. G PERIN, U. S. Army,

Medical Director, Dept. of the Cumberland.

Numbers 84.

Report of Brigadier General Jefferson C. Davis, U. S. Army, commanding First Division.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 28, 1863.

COLONEL: The following report of the operations of this division since breaking up camp on the Big Crow Creek, near Stevenson, Ala., August 28, 1863, is respectfully submitted for the information and consideration of the corps commander:

On the morning of the 28th ultimo, in accordance with instructions, the Third Brigade, commanded by Colonel Hans C. Heg, Fifteenth

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 173.

---------------

