
Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, was ordered to move forward as an escort to the pontoon train intended to establish the bridge to be thrown across the Tennessee River at Caperton's Ferry at daylight on the morning of the 29th, under the personal supervision of the corps commander. This brigade crossed in the boats and effected a successful landing on the opposite bank of the river. The work of constructing the bridge was at once commenced, and in a few hours the entire brigade with its baggage was crossed and encamped at night on the summit of Sand Mountain, 5 miles from the river, at the fork of the Trenton and Winston roads. The energy and gallantry exhibited by the troops on this occasion were highly commendable, and have been specially noticed by both the department and corps commanders.

The Second Brigade, commanded by Brigadier General W. P. Carlin, moved at an early hour on the morning of the 29th to Caperton's Ferry, and on the 30th ascended the mountain and joined the Third Brigade. The First Brigade, commanded by Colonel P. Sidney Post, Fifty-ninth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, following the Second Brigade, went into camp on the evening of the 30th.

The division remained in camp at this point until the morning of September 2, during which time reconnoitering and working parties were sent put on the different roads to ascertain their practicability and prepare them for our advance. Resuming the march at an early hour on the 2nd instant, the whole division moved on the road leading to Rome, Ga., via Winston's, and went into camp at the foot of the mountain 3 1/2 miles from Winston's.

The division remained in this camp until the afternoon of the 4th, when it moved across Valley Head and went into camp at Winston's, taking possession of and picketing the gap and roads over Lookout Mountain at that place.

During the night of the 8th and early on the morning of the 9th the Cavalry Corps, under command of Major-General Stanley, ascended Lookout Mountain and moved to the front with the object of making a reconnaissance in the direction of Alpine and Summerville.

In obedience to orders from General McCook, I moved forward with the Second and Third Brigades in support of this movement, leaving the First Brigade behind to hold the mountain pass at Winston's and to guard the baggage train of both corps ordered to be left at that place.

After ascending the mountain in compliance with instructions, Heg's brigade was ordered to march across the mountain and take possession of Neal's Gap, on the southeast side of Lookout Mountain, while Carlin's followed the main cavalry column and encamped at the base of the mountain near Alpine, Ga.

During the night it was ascertained that General McCook's whole corps would be concentrated at this point, and after consultation with General Stanley as to its propriety, I ordered Colonel Heg to move from Neal's Gap at once and report to me at Henderson's Gap.

This movement was made on a mountain road leading direct from Neal's to Henderson's Gap by the succeeding forenoon.

September 10 the corps commander arrived at Henderson's Gap, bringing with him Generals Johnson's and Sheridan's divisions, and the whole remained in bivouac until the morning of the 13th, at which time the whole corps commenced its retrograde march to join General Thomas, near Stevens' Gap. The greater part of the day was occupied in getting the artillery and baggage trains up the mountain.

32 R R-VOI XXX, PT I

