
On the morning of the 14th the division following General Johnson's crossed Lookout Mountain, and went into camp at Long's Spring, in Valley Head, 4 miles in advance of Winston's. In the afternoon of the 15th I received orders to reascend Lookout Mountain and proceed to Stevens' Gap by the most direct road to be found on the mountain. Three days' rations of provisions were issued to the command during the night, and the artillery taken up the mountain.

The march was commenced at an early hour in the morning, and Stevens' Gap reached about dark, after a hard day's march of 25 miles, 15 of which was without water. During the night I received orders from General McCook, who had already established his headquarters at the foot of the mountain, to move with my command in the morning down the mountain and report to him, which I did about 10 a. m. The signal officers at this time reported the enemy advancing toward Stevens' Gap in heavy force. The general commanding the corps immediately gave orders for the proper disposition of the troops to receive an attack. After a few hours spent in awaiting their approach, it was ascertained that no serious attack would probably be made and the division marched for Pond Spring, at which place it was intended to take position for the night, closely following the baggage train of General Brannan's division. On arriving near Pond Spring, however, its destination was changed, and, under the personal direction of the corps commander, moved back to Brooks' farm, and took a strong position in front of Dug and Blue Bird Gaps. In this position it was supported by General Sheridan's division, on the right, at Bailey's Cross-Roads. The division held this position until late in the evening of the 18th, when it moved and went into camp 1 1/2 miles in advance of Pond Spring.

During the night instructions were received to follow the division of General Johnson, which was ordered to the support of General Thomas, whose corps then formed our extreme left.

The column had advanced but a few miles when the roar of artillery in the direction of Thomas' corps announced the opening of the coming struggle.

As the fire increased and gave assurances of a general engagement, the troops closed their ranks and moved steadily forward with that firm step and soldierly alacrity which characterizes the actions of determined men on the eve of battle.

On approaching the vicinity of the battle-field I received orders from the corps commander to move forward and to report my command to Generals Rosecrans or Thomas for orders.

Arriving near Widow Glenn's, at whose house General Rosecrans had established his headquarters, I reported my command ready for action. The rapid and increasing fire of musketry gave indications of the necessity of re-enforcements being pushed forward, and General Rosecrans ordered me to place one of my batteries in position on a commanding point in front of his headquarters, and to move forward as speedily as possible in the direction of the heaviest firing, and to make an attack with a view, if possible, to turn the enemy's left flank. A few minutes' march brought the head of my column to the right of our lines, and Heg's brigade was at once formed into line of battle and ordered to advance and form on the right of our lines then engaged.

The enemy, in strong force, was at once met, and both sides opened fire with great fierceness and determination.

Carlin's brigade was immediately deployed on Heg's right, and his

