
it. General Negley's division at this time passed to the rear, in the direction of Rossville, and I understand took position at that place.

General Carlin and Colonel Martin had also by this time succeeded in reforming their troops as far as was possible, and reported.

Colonel Ward, commanding the Tenth Ohio Infantry, reported to me with his regiment for duty, and after allowing the men a few minutes to procure water, I ordered them again under arms, and moved for the battle-field, with a view to support General Thomas' corps, which was still maintaining its position. It is proper here to add that several detached battalions and commands reported to me and accompanied my command to the battle-field, making in all a force of 2,500 to 3,000 men.

On arriving near the field, a staff officer from Colonel Post arrived and informed me that his brigade was yet in the vicinity of Crawfish Spring, and would not, as I had anticipated, be able to join me before night..

While in the act of forming my lines near Thomas' right I received information from General Garfield that Thomas was falling back, and orders to repair to Rossville. Following General Johnson's division I arrived and went into bivouac at Rossville about 9 p.m. Thus ended the 20th September and the conflict.

The list of casualties herewith transmitted shows a loss in the division of 1,372 officers and enlisted men in killed, wounded, and missing during the time above described. The loss in the two brigades that participated in the engagement is 1,369 officers and enlisted men killed, wounded, and missing, exceeding 50 per cent. of the number engaged.

The following field officers are reported, as follows:

Colonel J. W. S. Alexander, Twenty-first Illinois Volunteers, supposed to be killed.

Lieutenant Colonel W. E. McMackin, Twenty-first Illinois Volunteers, supposed to be killed.

Colonel D. H. Gilmer, Thirty-eight Illinois Volunteers, supposed to be killed.

Major H. N. Alden, Thirty-eight Illinois Volunteers, wounded, present.

Major B. B. McDanald, One hundred and first Ohio, supposed to be killed.

Lieutenant Colonel John Messer, One hundred and first Ohio, wounded, present.

Colonel Hans C. Heg, commanding Third Brigade, killed.

Captain Henry Hauff, acting assistant adjutant-general, Third Brigade, missing.

Lieutenant Colonel O. C. Johnson, Fifteenth Wisconsin Volunteers, missing, supposed to be killed.

Major Samuel D. Wall, Twenty-fifth Illinois Volunteers, wounded, present.

The heavy list of casualties shows with what determination and pertinacity the battle was contested, and what noble sacrifices our troops will make for their country's preservation and glory.

The reports of the brigade commanders are herewith transmitted and attention called to them for many details necessarily omitted in this report.

In the report of General Carlin I regret to notice a spirit of factious fault-finding exhibited, and a mischievous introduction of insinuations and reflections against myself and staff, as well as others, uncalled for and out of place in his report, and which can-

