
Return of ordnance and ordnance stores lost and expended in action on the 19th and 20th instant by First Division, Twentieth Army Corps.

[Command.]	 Guns,	 Bayonets,	 Accouterm	 Ammunitio

 number.	 number	 ents,	 n, rounds

 	 	 number

Infantry	 1,156	 1,159	 1,159	 117,915

Artillery	 ----	 ----	 ----	 369

Total	 1,156	 1,159	 1,159	 118,284

Numbers 85.

Report of Captain William A. Hotchkiss, Second Minnesota Battery, Chief of Artillery.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF ARTY., 1ST DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, September 26, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by the batteries of First Division, Twentieth Army Corps, in the marches and expeditions prior to and during the late battle of the 19th and 20th instant.

The 5th Wisconsin Battery, Captain Gardner commanding, was detached from the division with the First Brigade, on duty at Valley Head, near Mr. Winston's, Ala., and did not arrive in the vicinity of the battle-field until the afternoon of the 20th instant, too late to take part in the action. Following a road near the base of Lookout Mountain, it reached Chattanooga, with Colonel Post's brigade, on the morning of the 22nd instant without loss.

The Second Minnesota and Eighth Wisconsin Batteries accompanied the division on all its movements after crossing the Tennessee River, and arrived with it at Widow Glenn's house, near the right of our line of battle, a little after meridian the 19th instant, when, by order of General Davis, I put the Eighth Wisconsin Battery, Lieutenant McLean commanding, in position a little to the right of Mrs. Glenn's house, and followed the division into the field with Second Minnesota Battery, Lieutenant Woodbury commanding. General Davis led his troops by the right flank through a dense woods under a heavy fie, and, regarding the movement and use of artillery at any point where the line of the division was being established impracticable, I reported to the general for further orders, when he directed me to move the battery, with as much speed as possible, to the right and establish it on the first eligible ground that could be found. At the extreme right of the line of the division a small field in front of the enemy's left was found. The battery was promptly brought into position, under a brisk fire from the enemy's skirmishers, and soon drove in not only his skirmishers but his main line. The service the Second Minnesota Battery did at this point was of great importance. Three successive times it prevented the enemy from forming and extending his left with the evident purpose of flanking General Davis' right. Between 4 and 5 p.m.., after holding its ground for nearly three

