
he was quite successful. Brigadier-General Mitchell being fully satisfied that direct communication could not be opened with Major-General McCook's corps, directed me to move back upon Chattanooga

Creek along with his corps. We bivouacked near McCulloch's house almost one hour before daylight.

The next morning Brigadier-General Mitchell informed me that he had received orders from department headquarters to retain my brigade, and directed me to take a position with General Crook's division to prevent the enemy coming down the valley. I accordingly placed my men in the most defensible position for the purpose, Captain Gardner's battery covering every approach, and awaited the enemy, who advanced to within a short distance of us but did not attack.

At 1 o'clock the next morning I was ordered by General Mitchell to quietly withdraw my command and to take a position near the cross-road leading to Rossville. I accordingly selected a position admirable adapted for defense, with my left resting upon a millpond and my right secured by the steep heights of Lookout Mountain. I remained in this position, the cavalry passing on toward Chattanooga, until General Mitchell, becoming aware that the enemy had penetrated to the mountain in our rear and had possession of the road leading to Chattanooga, ordered us to retire toward that place. We soon found the enemy in considerable force with a battery of artillery commanding the road. I formed my line on the side of the mountain, prepared to contest the farther advance of the enemy and to regain the road. Captain Gardner opened with his entire battery with good effect, and soon succeeded in driving away the enemy's battery and clearing the road.

At this time I received an order from Major-General McCook to retire by the main road to Chattanooga. Knowing that the enemy was in force and had a battery of artillery on the right of the road on which I was to retire, I moved by the left flank on the right of the road while my battery kept the road, being in position to instantly engage him and to protect my artillery. The enemy opened upon us with his artillery, but without effect, and we crossed the bridge over Chattanooga Creek, rejoining the division at 1 o'clock in the afternoon of the 22nd .

For three days I had been in close proximity with the enemy's heavy force and in constant danger of being completely cut off, and had marched a distance of 30 miles almost through the enemy's camp, without loss of material or men. The endurance of my men, their willing and uncomplaining perseverance on this tedious march and during the watchful nights, deserves particular mention. Never have I seen men more desirous of doing their whole duty, and their success was equal to their desire. When I say of the officers that they executed my orders with spirit and in good faith, I say that which expresses that they did their full duty well.

Upon reporting to Brigadier-General Davis, I was ordered to relieve with my command the Third Brigade of his division doing duty upon the skirmish line. During the afternoon and night I thoroughly intrenched my position. Notwithstanding the great fatigue under to shelter themselves from the enemy's fire. In the afternoon of the 22nd the enemy opened a battery on my left, but a few shots from Lieutenant McKnight's section of Captain Gardner's battery made it necessary for him to withdraw it.

