
The Fifty-ninth moved forward and formed in line of battle on hill-side west of the road fronting the enemy, and supported a section of the Fifth Wisconsin Battery which took position on hill above and commenced firing upon the enemy's battery.

The Fifty-ninth was subsequently moved back on line with balance of brigade on second range of hill, and remained until the enemy's batteries were silenced, when again moved on to the road, formed line of battle, and moved about 300 yards in the direction of the enemy, and remained in position until the battery and General Mitchell's cavalry crossed the bridge over Chattanooga Creek; then the regiment moved back upon the road and crossed the bridge and came within the lines of our main army. The regiment was placed in position on the outposts facing the Chattanooga Creek to the south and east, and was engaged in building breastworks until noon of September 23, when the regiment was moved to the left facing the east. Engaged in building breastworks on the east front balance of the 23rd and all of the 24th.

September 25 the regiment moved back to the second line of fortifications, and have been engaged in building earth-works and other fortifications up to this date.

On the 20th instant, while on march from Steven's Gap, Private Andrew Abner, of Company G, was fired upon and wounded by the enemy, and Private Thomas Slattery, of Company K, taken prisoner; both of them were straggling from the column at the time.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. WINTERS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Fifty-ninth Illinois Infantry,

Captain SAMUEL WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 88.

Report of Colonel John E. Bennett, Seventy-fifth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-FIFTH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,Chattanooga, September 27, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with the order of Colonel Post, commanding brigade, we broke up camp at Stevenson, Ala., on the morning of August 30, 1863. and marched through town to the Tennessee River, halted on the bank near the pontoon bridge till 4 p.m., when we moved over the river and camped on the opposite bank.

The next day we took a position on the side of the mountain to help the teams up, and at 8 p.m. went into camp on the mountain.

On September 2 we were ordered to resume the march and at night camped at Sand Valley, where we remained till 1.30 p.m. of September 4, then marched to Lookout Valley and camped on Winston's plantation. We remained in camp in the valley and on the mountain till September 18, doing picket duty, foraging, &amp;c.

On September 12. at 6 p.m. in obedience to the order of Colonel Post, Lieutenant-Colonel Kilgour (Colonel Bennett being sick at the time) started with his command in the direction of Stevenson to meet the cavalry supply train and escort it to camp.

The train was reached at about 3 a.m., of the 13th at Rock Creek.

After resting two hours colonel Kilgour moved back with his com-

