
mand as directed with the train in charge, and arrived in camp at about 4 p.m. same day, having marched 40 miles in less than twenty-three consecutive hours, more than half the distance in the night, through a dark fores and very rough road.

On September 18, at noon, we again moved on as rear guard to the train. The march was slow and tedious, arriving at Stevens' Gap late in the night. We remained in camp to hold that place till September 20, when we were ordered to the front.

We accordingly moved on and came up to the main army at Crawfish Spring.

At dark marched about 4 miles, halted to draw rations, then moved on about 4 miles farther, and rested until morning.

On September 21 moved a short distance, formed line of battle, and remained in line till 3 a.m. of the 22nd, when we moved about 4 miles in the direction of Chattanooga, and again formed in line.

We soon found that the enemy were trying to get into our rear. After a short skirmish we moved safely over Chattanooga Creek and joined the main body at about 12 m. same day; immediately commenced work on the intrenchments, and lay behind them till the morning of the 25th, then moved silently behind the works where we now are.

On September 20, 10 men of the different companies were unable to keep with the command and are now missing-probably captured by the enemy at Crawfish Spring-this being the only loss while on the movement to this place.

Of the officers and men I can only say they are willing to do their whole duty as patriotic soldiers without murmur or complaint, and I now realize what was at first confidently expected of Illinois soldiers.

I have the honor to be,very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. BENNETT,

Colonel, commanding Regiment.

Captain SAMUEL WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 89

Report of Lieutenant Colonel William M. Kilgour, Seventy-fifth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-FIFTH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,Winston's Plantation, Ala., September 14. 1863.

COLONEL: In obedience to your order, received at thirty minutes past 5 o'clock on Saturday, the 12th., directing me to move with my command in the direction of Stevenson, I did at 6 p.m. of the same day move from camp in the direction indicated in your order with my command, consisting of 200 men.

On arriving outside the picket lines I ordered a halt, an inspection of arms, the pieces loaded and primed; time occupied, ten minutes. I at the same time ordered Captain A. S. [Vorrey], of Company F, to take and keep a position about 40 rods in advance of the main body, to act as skirmishers in case of attack in the front and to prevent surprise or ambuscade.

Near Young's plantation we met the quartermaster of the train in question, who, not giving satisfactory answers at first and attempt-

