
ing to draw his pistol, was promptly arrested by Captain Vorrey, of the advance. He finally explained satisfactorily that he was quartermaster of the train, and stated that his train was camped at Rock Creek, distance about 12 miles from the foot of the mountain. He was then released.

I passed on with my command, under your instructions to, if possible, camp with the train, and reached them in camp at Rock Creek at a few minutes before 3 a.m. of the 13th. I found the camp, of some 100 wagons, entirely unprotected-no pickets out, no camp guard,no preparations of any kind for defense.

I rested with my command for two hours, when, with the train in our charge, we moved back as directed, and arrived at your headquarters at 3.30 p.m. of the 13th, having entirely and successfully accomplished the object of our march without any casualties of any kind excepting blistered feet.

I wish to make particular mention of Captain Addison S. Vorrey as a prompt and most efficient officer; also Adjutant French, of the Seventy-fifth Illinois, who accompanied the advance with Captain Vorrey; also Captain A. McMoore, Company D, and Captain Frost, company E, Of the men and officers, all, I can only say they performed their duty as Illinois soldiers usually do. This is the highest encomium I know how to bestow.

We marched 40 miles in twenty-three consecutive hours, near half the distance in the night, through a dark forest and very rough road.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. M. KILGOUR,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Seventy-fifth Illinois Volunteers

Colonel P. SIDNEY POST,

Comdg. 1st Brigade, 1st Division, 20th Army Corps,

Numbers 90.

Report of Colonel Michael Gooding, Twenty-second Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SECOND REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Camp in the Field, September 27, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Agreeable to your order, I submit to you the following report of my regiment since leaving Tennessee River:

According to orders received, we marched from camp from near Stevenson, Ala., on the 30th day of August, and crossed the Tennessee River same day, from whence we marched over the Sand Hill Mountains and arrived at Valley Head or Winston's farm on the evening of the 4th of September.

From thence we marched over Lookout Mountain and guarded the road. We left the top of the mountain on the 18th, marched to Stevenson, where we guarded the gap.

On the morning of the 20th we marched from thence; crossing Missionary Ridge, we arrived at Crawfish Spring about 3 p.m. and took up position with the cavalry forces commanded by Brigadier General R. B. Mitchell, and marched from there about 5 p.m., same day, and arrived in the valley at the foot of Lookout Mountain about 8 p.m., and took position on the right of the brigade, the right of my regiment resting against the mountain.

33 R R-VOL XXX, PT I

