
On the 22nd of September we arrived within 1 mile of Chattanooga, and same day took position in front on the banks of a small creek.

On the evening of the 24th I received orders to proceed across the creek with my regiment and the Seventy-fourth Illinois (commanded by Colonel Jason Marsh) for the purpose of making a reconnaissance. I advanced a strong line of skirmishers, who came upon the rebel shots were fired and the rebels fell back about a half mile, where their front line was concealed behind a fence near the edge of the woods. As soon as my skirmish line advanced within 200 yards the rebels rose in force and fired a volley into the skirmishers, killing 1, mortally wounding 1, and slightly wounding 2. The skirmishers then fell back, bringing the wounded into the edge of the woods, where I placed my forces in position and reported to Colonel Post, commanding brigade, that he enemy were in force in our front, whereupon I received orders to bring in the wounded and return to the picket line.

In the meantime the enemy advanced a regiment and a battery on my right flank, and attacked my skirmishers on the right, evidently with the intention of gaining my rear, when I withdrew and took up my former position.

During the entire skirmish and march my officers and men conducted themselves with decorum and bravery, seemingly willing to endure anything to insure our success. I especially recommend Asst. Surg. N. J. Beachley for the energy he displayed in the discipline of the infirmary corps, and providing for the sick and wounded on the march, in consequence of which there has not been a man lost during this time from straggling.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

M. GOODING,

Colonel, Comdg. Twenty-second Regiment Indiana Vols.

Captain SAMUEL WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 91.

Report of Captain George Q. Gardner, Fifth Wisconsin Battery.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH WISCONSIN BATTERY,Behind Breastworks, Chattanooga, Tenn. September 27, 1863.

COLONEL: In accordance with instructions from your headquarters, I herewith respectfully submit to you the following report of the part performed by the Fifth Wisconsin Battery in the late campaign since leaving the Tennessee River:

Until we arrived at a point about 2 miles from this point nothing worthy of note transpired, excepting the hardships endured by both men and horses.

As above stated, when we reached the point where the Trenton road descends the mountain, a skirmish ensued, during which a section of my command under command of Lieutenant McKnight and one under Lieutenant Lafferty engaged and silenced a rebel battery. After the enemy were driven off my command moved down the hill, joined the brigade, and marched safely into Chattanooga.

