
After joining the division, the right half of the battery engaged a battery and some rebel skirmishers in our immediate front, and soon caused both battery and skirmishers to move off. I am perfectly satisfied with the deportment of both officers and men under my command while on the march and under fire.

In conclusion, I would say that at the present time the battery is in an admirable position and the men in good spirits.

I am, colonel, your very obedient servant,

GEO. Q. GARDNER,

Captain, Commanding Fifth Wisconsin Battery.

Colonel P. SIDNEY POST,

Commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 92.

Report of Brigadier General William P. Carlin, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., FIRST DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, September 27, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report as follows on the part taken by my command in the battles of the 19th and 20th instant, near Gordon's Mills:

Under the direction of Brigadier General J. C. Davis, commanding the division, the brigade was brought into action on the right of the Third Brigade, Colonel Heg commanding, and in the following order: The Thirty-eight Illinois Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Gilmer commanding, on the left; the One hundred and first Ohio Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Messer commanding, in the center; the Eighty-first Indiana Volunteers, Captain N. B. Boone commanding, on the right; the Thirty-eighth Illinois being in the timber, the other two regiments in an open field. The Twenty-first Illinois, Colonel Alexander commanding, was first ordered by General Davis to remain in reserve, and was placed about 100 yards to the right and rear of the Eighty-first, in the edge of a forest which lay directly in front of it. This regiment had no sooner reached the position described than an order came from General Davis for it to report to Colonel Heg to support his brigade, and went accordingly to the Third Brigade.

About the same time the general commanding the division ordered me to send a regiment to support the artillery of the division, and in obedience to this order the Eighty-first Indiana was detached from my command. The Second Minnesota Battery had previously been withdrawn from my brigade, and was serving under the direction of Captain Hotchkiss, chief of artillery. My command during the fight was therefore reduced to two regiments of infantry. The incompetency displayed by Captain Boone early in the action first Illinois Volunteers, a gallant and very efficient officer.

When my line was formed, General Davis rode along my regiments and ordered them to lie down, without giving me or them additional instructions. The firing then was heavy on my left, and from the enemy. When my line was first formed Colonel Wilder

