
informed me that two of his regiments were on my right in the timber. Shortly after this I discovered troops in front of my right swinging around at right angles to my line. Not knowing whose they were I galloped over to them, under fire from the enemy, and ascertained that they were Colonel Barnes' brigade. They continued their wheel to the left, until they masked half of the One hundred and first Ohio, when to prevent them masking both my regiments, I ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Messer to advance and half wheel to the left and open fire into the woods, where the enemy was posted. This movement was completed when a volley from the enemy caused the left of Barnes' brigade to break, and in doing so they carried away the right of the One hundred and first Ohio. The Thirty-eighth Illinois maintained its position till the Third Brigade had been driven back, when that regiment gave way. The One hundred and first Ohio fell back in better order, fighting over every step, under the efficient command of the gallant and chivalric Messer, aided by the brave Major McDanald. The two regiments fell back across the road and across the open field west of the road into the edge of the timber occupied by a part of Wood's division. During this retreat there were many instances of individual gallantry observed, the most conspicuous of which was in the commander of the One hundred and first Ohio, Lieutenant-Colonel Messer, who always kept his colors and a part of his regiment facing the enemy. In the open field west of the road I succeeded in rallying men enough from all the regiments of the Second and Third Brigades, and some from other divisions, to form a respectable line. This was a very arduous and very perilous service, and there were many brave officers and soldiers whose assistance was invaluable at that critical moment, but whose names I do not know. The lamented Colonel Heg and Lieutenant-Colonel Chandler, Thirty-fifth Illinois, were among them. With the hope of recovering the ground we had lost, I led them in a charge across the field to the road, but the want of regimental organizations prevented me from getting them farther. At that moment a brigade of Sheridan's division took the front but was soon driven back. It was now about sundown, and orders were received from General Davis to fall back to an open field half a mile to the rear, and bivouac for the night.

The Eighty-first Indianan and Twenty-first Illinois not having fought under my directions, I can make no special report upon their conduct.

Major Calloway, however, speaks in terms of great praise of the Eighty-first Indiana, and judging from the severe loss in the Twenty-first Illinois it must have done as will as could have been expected. It is proper here to remark that during the action of the 19th repeated complaints were made by the One hundred and first Ohio that our batteries were killing and wounding our men. I immediately informed Lieutenant Woodbury, commanding Second Minnesota Battery, of this fact, and he replied that the charge was probably true as he had received repeatedly orders from Captain Hotchkiss and General Davis to shorten his fuse and burst his shells nearer,and that he really had not been informed where our troops were. This battery was immediately in rear of the One hundred and first Ohio. So much for the 19th September.

Early on the 20th the brigade was moved up on a high ridge near Widow Glenn's. About 9.30 a.m., I received orders again to move forward. Passing over a rocky ridge a position was assigned to my

