
informed me that General Thomas was still fighting. That the rebel cavalry pickets were between us and him, and that we should go to his relief. He then remarked, "If you will go to his relief I will support you." Considering that I had but about 600 men in the two brigades and having heard that the major-general had almost his entire division intact in the vicinity, I felt compelled to refer him to General Sheridan, commanding the column.

On the 19th I took into action 85 officers and 1,130 enlisted men; aggregate, 1,215. I lost 43 officers and 608 enlisted men; aggregate, 651. Among these officers were many of the bravest and best of my brigade, including every field officer engaged of the four regiments except one, viz, Colonel J. W. S. Alexander and Lieutenant-Colonel McMackin, Twenty-first Illinois; Lieutenant-Colonel Gilmer and Major H. N. Alden, Thirty-eighth Illinois; Lieutenant-Colonel Messer and Major McDanald, One hundred and first Ohio. Lieutenant-Colonel Messer and Major Alden having been wounded on the 19th, did not fall into the hands of the enemy. All the others I believe were killed or wounded and captured.

I have now to perform the pleasing duty of mentioning those officers who proved themselves brave and efficient under the most terrible fire. The most conspicuous of these were Lieutenant Colonel J. Messer and Major B. B. McDanald, One hundred and first Ohio; Major James E. Calloway, Twenty-first Illinois, commanding Eighty-first Indiana; Major Henry H. Alden, Thirty-eighth Illinois; Captain Leonard D. Smith, One hundred and first Ohio. The conduct of these officers was truly admirable, and nothing better for the public service could be done than to promote those who survive to the command of regiments.

After our division was scattered and not another officer could be seen on the field Major Calloway remained with me and assisted me in halting men and causing them to fire back at the enemy, and I am confident that but for these efforts the pursuit of the enemy would have been far more rapid and consequently more destructive. Every officer of my staff deserves credit for gallantry and efficiency during the struggle.

Captain W. C. Harris, Thirty-eighth Illinois, provost-marshal, acted as aide-de-camp on the field, and frequently volunteered to perform the most perilous duty. Captain S. P. Voris, Thirty-eighth Illinois, acting assistant adjutant-general, had one horse killed under him; Lieutenant W. E. Carlin, Thirty-eighth Illinois, aide-de-camp, had one killed and another wounded under him. Lieutenant J. W. Vance, Twenty-first Illinois, inspector, was constantly under fire with me, and was at all times zealous and efficient in the execution of my orders.

The attention of my superior officers is respectfully called to the reports of regimental commanders which are inclosed herewith. As the aggregate of this brigade is now less than 700, and many companies have not an officer with them, I most earnestly recommend a thorough reorganization of every regiment.

I could have little confidence in their usefulness if taken in to battle in their present condition.

Respectfully submitted.

W. P. CARLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain T. W. MORRISON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. First Div., 20th Army Corps.

