
again advanced to the front about 400 yards on the right of the Thirteenth Michigan Regiment and left of the Fifty-eighth Indiana Regiment. This regiment held its position about fifteen minutes, when the fire of the enemy increased in front and on our left, so that our regiment was driven from the field in some confusion to the woods in the rear, a distance of 150 yards, when orders were received from General Davis to form and bivouac in a field 200 yards to the rear of the field from which we had been last repulsed.

On the morning of the 20th instant orders were received to moved at 3 a.m., which we accordingly did, stopped at General Rosecrans' headquarters, a distance of about 1 mile from where we bivouacked.

At daylight we moved to the crest of a hill half a mile farther to the rear and remained until 10 a.m., when we moved in advance along said hill a distance of about 1 mile to the road, when we crossed into an open field and advanced about a half mile, and took position behind some rudely constructed wooden breastworks, where skirmishers were immediately deployed, their left resting on the right of the Eighty-first Indiana Regiment, all of which were quickly engaged and driven in, when the enemy appeared in heavy force in our front, into which our regiment poured a destructive and well-directed fire, which seemed to entirely destroy the front lines, but they quickly rallied and renewed the assault with terrible fury, with line of immense depth, judging form the number of flags to be seen. Our regiment bravely stood the shock until the enemy approached to within 20 paces in front, and our right flank being turned and a terrific fire being poured in from that direction, further resistance seemed hopeless, and we rapidly, and with broken ranks, retired to the second hill in the rear, where we made a last desperate attempt to rally, which was in part successful, and a continual fire continued for about ten minutes, when the troops on our right again gave way, and we were once more drive from our position. We again formed about 1 1/2 miles in the rear under the direction of General Carlin, when the command of the regiment fell to myself, being the senior officer present (Major Calloway being detached on the 19th to command the Eighty-first Indiana Regiment.) Orders were then received to move to a position 2 miles in the direction of Chattanooga, which place we reached at night, and the roll being called showed a loss of-

Officers and men.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.	 Total

Commissioned	 1	 6	 9	 16

officers

Enlisted men	 21	 64	 139	 224

Total	 22	 70	 148	 240

The companies were commanded by Captains Eaton, Welshimer, Jamison, Reed, Freeland, Blackburn, George, Harlan, Knight, and Wilson. Captains Reed, George, Harlan, and Wilson were wounded, the three former severely, while at their post gallantly endeavoring to check the solid columns of the advancing foe. Lieutenant Weitzel was killed at his post, heroically encouraging his men. Lieutenants Hunter and Austin fought with marked gallantry until wounded. Colonels Alexander and McMackin are among the miss-

