
ing, both of whom acted as brave men only can act. In short, suffice it to say that, without exception as to officers and with few as to the men, all behaved with becoming coolness, gallantry, and courage during the entire engagement; and to Adjutant Steele great praise is due for his encouragement to the men by word and deed, fearless, daring, during the entire conflict. Chaplain Wilkins is deserving of special mention for his untiring efforts to alleviate the sufferings of the wounded and dying and assisting to reform the broken ranks of the regiment.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

CHESTER K. KNIGHT,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain S. P. VORIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 94.

Report of Captain William C. Harris, Thirty-eighth Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-EIGHTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 28, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Thirty-eighth Illinois Infantry in the battle of the 19th and 20th of September, near Crawfish Spring.

September 18 broke camp near Dug Gap about dark; marched about 4 miles to the left, relieving General Brannan's division.

On the 19th moved to the left about 10 o'clock. Passed Crawfish Springs about 3 miles and filed right into the woods, double-quicked about a mile and a quarter, filed right and formed on the left, by file into line, on the right of Colonel Heg's brigade. The regiment was under a very heavy fire; were ordered to lie down. Company K was lying in the road and was very much exposed; they suffered severely. The men, ordered not to fire, stood their ground without flinching. In a short time the men were ordered to their feet and the line was moved forward; the right and left became entangled with other regiments. For a few moments the firing was heavy, when it became evident that the troops on our left had given way, exposing the left flank. We were ordered to fall back, which we did, firing as we went, to a road at the edge of the timber, where a stand was made till, being heavily pressed on the left and front, the line retired across and open field to the woods. Here the men were rallied at a fence, the batteries playing over their heads. The enemy was checked. A line was formed and charged across the open field to the woods from where we were first driven, and held it under a heavy fire until a brigade of General Sheridan's division came to our relief. The regiment was then reformed and bivouacked in an open field in rear of the battle-field. The regiment entered the fight at 2 o'clock and was relieved at half past 5; loss very heavy.

At 3 o'clock the morning of the 20th took position near General Rosecrans' headquarters on Chattanooga road . About 7 a.m. moved to a range of hills on the west side of?Chattanooga road. Formed in close column by division at half distance and stacked arms. At 10 o'clock moved by the left flank a quarter of a mile, then by the right flank, and halted in a valley east of the Chattanooga road. After a

