
short rest were moved about 200 yards to a hill in front and deployed into line; moved forward into the valley, and took position behind a slight barricade 75 yards in rear of the Eighty-finest Indiana, in an open wood on the right of General Wood's division. Colonel Heg's brigade came up and formed on our left, filling up a gap between our left and General Wood's division.

The line in front was already heavily engaged, and Colonel Heg's brigade was driven back almost as soon as it reached the line. At the same time the right of General Carlin's brigade was turned by a heavy force. General Carlin ordered the regiment to fall back. The line in front came over us; the men fired one volley and retired. Colonel Gilmer, who commanded (supposed wounded), fell into the hands of the enemy at this point. For a mile the men were exposed to a flank fire. It was impossible to rally men in open ground under such heavy fire. When some three-fourths of a mile from the battle-field in the woods, the men were rallied and marched with the division toward Chattanooga; bivouacked in valley near Rossville; stacked 56 guns. Captain Whitehurst, [who] was senior officer, was in command.

On the morning of the 21st were moved to a position on the right of the brigade, commanded by Colonel Martin. There threw up breastworks. Sick and detached men increased the regiment to about 100 men.

At 3 o'clock the morning of the 22nd we marched to Chattanooga. By order of Brigadier-?General Carlin, commanding brigade, I was placed in command of the regiment, being senior officer.

Our casualties were:

Officers and men	 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing	 Total

Officers	 1	 12	 2	 15

Enlisted men	 12	 79	 77	 168

Total	 13	 91	 79	 183

Officers and men behaved very well, and did all that could be done against such unequal force. The list of casualties shows the men fought gallantly. Many of the missing are probably killed or wounded. The regiment went in the action with 20 commissioned officers and 281 enlisted men.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. C. HARRIS.

Captain, Commanding, Regiment.

Captain S. P. VORIS,

Acting, Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 95.

Report of Major James E. Cavalry, Twenty-first Illinois Infantry,

commanding Eighty-first Indianan Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTY-FIRST INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,

CAPTAIN: In accordance with orders from headquarters Second Brigade, First Division, Twentieth Army Corps, I have the honor

