
with heavy loss. We immediately followed his retreating forces and retook our former position at the front, that we had been compelled to abandon, and held it during the remainder of the day. The Fifty-eight Indiana Volunteers again came up to our left, and about the same time I observed Brigadier-General Carlin, still to the left of the Fifty-eighth Indiana Volunteers, most fearlessly moving forward a body of troops I then supposed to be the remainder of this brigade to the attack of the enemy, again moving up in double lines and well supported to our attack. The general and his command made a most gallant and heroic resistance, but being overpowered, were shattered and driven back with fearful loss, leaving the colors of the Twenty-first Illinois Volunteers in the hands of the color-sergeant, who was shot dead on the field. I immediately ordered the Eighty-first Indiana Volunteers to open an oblique fire to the left, completely enfilading the lines of the enemy, and repulsed him with immense slaughter, recovering the colors of the Twenty-first Illinois Volunteers and protecting the One hundred and first Ohio while it most gallantly recovered the Eighth Indiana Battery taken by the enemy. The Third Brigade of Sheridan's division came to the relief of General Carlin,and formed on the left of the Fifty-eighth Indiana Volunteers; and though the brigade, together with the Fifty-eighth Indiana Volunteers, was twice driven from their position, the Eighty-first Indiana Volunteers stubbornly holding its position, never losing an inch of the ground, the Fifty-eighth Indiana Volunteers recoiling each time, but seeing the Eighty-first Indiana standing firmly, would rally and return to our assistance.

Hearing a heavy roll of musketry and much cannonading on our right, and not knowing who occupied the position, I had fears that my position might be flanked, as the forces seemed to recoil and the firing was growing to our rear. Upon information received, and after making a personal inspection of the right, I learned that a brigade commanded by a Colonel Barnes had been repulsed on our right, but the colonel had so posted his battery as to command his front and our right, enfilading the enemy's approach in attempting to turn our position. During the engagement Captain Eaton and Lieutenant Gross and about 60 men of the Twenty-first Illinois Volunteers either reported to me or were rallied upon the Eighty-first Indiana Volunteers, and continued fighting most gallantly under my command, several of them being wounded; Sergeant Russell, Company G, and Private John Jones, company F, Twenty-first Illinois, severely.

Being still on the front line and our ammunition nearly exhausted, I was endeavoring to obtain a supply, when, about sunset, an order came from General Davis, and immediately thereafter from General Carlin, to withdraw my command and join the division about 800 yards in rear.

During the engagement on that afternoon we fired an average of 54 rounds to each man of my command, and suffered the following losses: Officers wounded, 4, Captain Mitchell mortally; enlisted men, killed, 4, wounded, 58; making a grand total of 66 killed and wounded.

In obedience to orders received I rejoined the brigade about dusk, with the Eighty-first Indiana Volunteers and 3 officers, the regimental colors, and with about 50 men of the Twenty-first Illinois Volunteers, when we bivouacked for the night.

At 3 a.m. next morning, on the 20th instant, I received orders to

