
Numbers 96.

Report of Captain Leonard D. Smith, One hundred and first Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. 101ST REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 25, 1863.

SIR: On the morning of the 19th the One hundred and first Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Messer, moved with the balance of the brigade toward Crawfish Spring, near which the battle was already progressing. Between 1 and 2 p.m. the regiment left the pike, and after moving about a mile at double-quick obeyed the order of "On left by file into line,' and were in line of battle in a corn-field and woods, while the movements of the enemy were concealed by heavy timber in our front. A few moments after 2 o'clock the regiment was ordered forward to the fence dividing the corn-field and woods. By this time the Thirty-eighth Illinois on our left had become engaged; also, a Kentucky regiment of General Wood's division to our right, a portion of which covered the front of our right wing. The regiment had but reached the fence and taken position before the Kentucky regiment on our right gave way, a portion of it running through the right wing of the One hundred and first, thus temporarily breaking its organization, and compelling the regiment to fall back over the ridge to our rear, and from here to fall back in some confusion. The regiment was rallied and again moved forward, driving the enemy back through the corn-field, and in turn were again driven back to the ridge. Colonel Messer took the colors (the color-bearer having been killed), and leading the men forward drove the enemy before them. Here the fighting ceased, it being after 5 o'clock. Skirmishers were thrown forward, and the regiment moved back behind the ridge.

About dark the regiment was ordered to the rear of General Sheridan's division. There were found present Major McDanald, in command; Captains Fleming and Smith, Adjutant Neff, Lieutenants Hosmer, Bryant, Taggart, Read, Roberts, McGraw, Myers, Cline, Petticord, and Jay C. Butler, with 119 enlisted men.

Early on Sunday morning, September 20, we were moved to a position to the rear of the Chattanooga pike and opposite General Rosecrans' headquarters, on a high range of hills. At 8 o'clock we moved to the left, and then forward, recrossing the Chattanooga pike, and took a position on a ridge near a peach orchard. We were soon moved forward in close column by division about 1 mile and then deployed, taking a position behind some logs which had been used as a breastwork. Skirmishers were thrown out, relieving those we found there, and the men ordered to lie down. While in this position, a regiment not belonging to this brigade moved up and lay down among our men, thus rendering the management of the regiment almost impossible. At 11 o'clock the skirmishers were driven in, our immediate front, but before the men had delivered half a dozen rounds the enemy were found coming over the logs within a short distance of our left, while the right was being turned from the effect of a severe flank fire. The regiment was compelled to retreat, and, being mingled with another regiment (I think of Sheridan's division.), lost its organization for the time. During the retreat Major McDonald was severely wounded, and the command devolved upon me

