
Numbers 99.

Report of Captain Mons Grinager, Fifteenth Wisconsin Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTEENTH REGIMENT WISCONSIN VOLS.,Chattanooga, Ten., September 29, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to transmit the following report of the part taken by the Fifteenth Wisconsin Volunteers in the battle of Chickamauga Creek, Ga., on the 19th and 20th instant:

About 1 p.m. on the 19th we were ordered into line of battle on the south side of the Chattanooga road, 3 miles east of Crawfish Spring, our left resting on the Eighth Kansas Volunteers. We marched by the right flank through some heavy underbrush till our right rested on a corn-field about three-quarters of a mile from the road. We then advanced in line of battle over a slight elevation of ground, and on ascending the top the enemy's skirmishers opened fire on us, but with little effect. We drove them in. After advancing a short distance farther, we received a heavy volley from the enemy's line immediately in our front.

The engagement now became general. We held our position for some minutes, and had fired about 6 or 7 rounds, when we were ordered back 10 or 15 paces, on account of being exposed to a heavy cross-fire from infantry on our right and a rebel battery on our left.

This position we held for some time, and had fired about 10 or 12 rounds, when we were ordered to fix bayonets and charge the line immediately in our front. The order was complied with; but our right being so hard pressed, they could make but little headway, having no support to the right, and the Eighth Kansas to the left had partly broken and were a short distance in our rear, being thus exposed to a raking cross-fire. We then received orders to fall back, which was done slowly and in good order, holding the enemy in check until we were relieved by the Second Brigade, General Carlin's, which advanced and engaged the enemy. We reformed in rear of the Second Brigade, which soon was forced back behind us, and we again fired some rounds, but were met with such overwhelming force that we were forced to fall back across an open field immediately in our rear. On our arrival at the edge of the timber, on the north side of the field, the Third Brigade of Sheridan's division advanced on our right and engaged the enemy. We twice tried to recross the field, and succeeded the second time in getting as far as to the log-house on the south side of the field, where we retook a few pieces of artillery, and which position we held until fresh troops arrived.

We then were ordered about three-quarters of a mile to the rear, where we reformed with the division, and bivouacked until 3 o'clock the next morning.

Our loss the 19th in killed, wounded, and missing was: Commissioned officers, 7; enlisted men, 59.

Among our killed was Captain John M. Johnson, Company A. Among our wounded, Colonel Jans C. Heg, commanding brigade, since dead. Captain Hans Hansen, Company C, severely wounded and left on the field; Major George Wilson and Captain A. Gasman, severely; Lieutenant C. E. Tanberg, Company D, slightly wounded, and Captain Henry Hauff missing.

At 3 a.m. on the 20th we were ordered a short distance to the left, and took up our position on a hill on the north side of the Chattanooga road, where we were held as reserve until about 11 a.m., when

