
general commanding the corps to move forward and report to Major-General Thomas, from whom I would receive orders. I at once sent Captain E. T. Wells, of my staff, to report to General Thomas, and to receive from him such orders as he might have for me. The instructions I received were to move in the direction of the cannonading. Arriving near the battle-field, I met Major-General Thomas, who ordered me to form line of battle and move forward and attack. My division was formed with Willich's brigade on the right and Baldwin's on the left, with Dodge in reserve. In this order the command moved forward, though oblique to the general line. Soon the skirmishers became engaged and the enemy forced back. General Hazen's brigade, at this time on my right, was reported heavily pressed, and I ordered Dodge's brigade to his relief. The brigade moved forward at double-quick, and soon engaged the enemy.

The contest was severe, but soon the enemy was forced from my entire front, but unfortunately the troops on my right and left did not move forward. After driving the enemy for at least a mile, Willich sent me word that forward, but to hold his ground. Everything remained quiet on my front until about 5 p.m., when my entire line was attacked by an overwhelming force in front, flank, and rear. Here the assault was terrific, but darkness soon prevented us from recognizing friend from foe, and in hand -to-hand contest the enemy was repulsed, and the Second Division remained master of the field.

A short time before dark I received an order from Major-General Thomas to fall back at dark and encamp in a position which he designated. This order was sent to brigade commanders.

My staff officer delivered this order to Colonel Baldwin, soon after which he fell, and Colonel Berry, his successor, was not made aware of the movement until he saw it being executed by the troops on his right. By this movement many of our wounded fell into the hands of the rebels. I established my line at the point designated by General Thomas, by placing Berry's brigade on the right and Dodge's on the left, with Willich posted in strong position as a reserve. In this position my right rested against Palmer and my left on Baird

Early in the morning of the 20th breastworks were hurriedly thrown up, behind which my men were well sheltered. At 10 a.m. the enemy advanced in force, attacking my entire front. I have not heard heavier musketry during the war than we had for one hour, when the enemy was handsomely repulsed in great confusion, leaving the ground literally covered with their dead and dying. Before the repulse I ordered Willich in with his brigade, to resist to the last extremity. After the repulse he withdrew a portion of his brigade to his former position, to support his battery in reserve. There was comparative quiet on my front, with occasional shots only, until Baird appealed to me in person to send him re-enforcement, or to make a demonstration in his behalf. The Ninth, Fifteenth, and Forty-ninth Ohio, Fifth Kentucky, and Thirty-second Indiana were sent under Willich. Soon after the troops on my left gave way, and the troops above mentioned charge, driving the enemy back with terrible slaughter. After this movement Willich assembled his regiments in their former position.

While the attack on my immediate front was progressing well, I received an order from Major-General Thomas for the withdrawal of the entire army; Reynolds first, then Palmer, and I was to follow

