
the latter. I at once sent a staff officer to General Thomas, to say to him that I supposed his order was given based upon the belief that all was quiet on my front, whereas I was fearfully attacked, though all was quiet on my front, whereas I was fearfully attacked, though I felt confident of being able to hold my position., yet a retreat at that time might be disastrous. Before the return of the staff officer Reynolds and Palmer commenced the movement, followed by a heavy force of the enemy, thus exposing my right. I barely had time to send word to my command to save them from complete destruction. They, however, withdrew in good order. By having Willich in reserve he was enabled to engage the enemy in four different directions, and by his prompt movements he saved the troops from annihilation and capture.

At the time the order was received to withdraw he was engaged with the enemy immediately in my rear. I did not send him the order to withdraw, believing that he was then engaged with General Granger [?]. He withdrew, however, in fine style, and with his brigade covered the retreat of the army.

To each of my brigade commanders I am under many obligations for their good and gallant conduct and their valuable suggestions. Brigadier General A., Willich, commanding First Brigade, was always in the right place, and by his individual daring rendered the country great service. This gallant old veteran deserves promotion, and I hope he may receive it. Colonel J. B. Dodge, commanding Second Brigade, handled his brigade well, and is worthy and deserving of promotion. He is a brave and gallant soldier., Colonel W. W. Berry, who took command of the Third Brigade, behaved with so much coolness and displayed so much skill and ability in the management of his brigade after the fall of the lamented Baldwin, that I hope he may be promoted at once. colonel Berry first joined the troops under Rousseau at the first outbreak of the rebellion, and has participated in all the battles and skirmishes of his regiment (Fifth Kentucky Infantry) with distinguished gallantry. Colonel P. P. Baldwin, than whom a more gallant or accomplished officer is not in the service, fell in the night attack on the 19th. His loss will be seriously felt to his regiment and the service. At one time before his fall one of his regiments became somewhat disorganized, owing to the fall of its colonel. Baldwin seized the colors, and calling out, "Rally round the flag, boys!" the effect was electrical: the men rallied, and this gallant regiment moved magnificently forward.

My thanks are due for coolness and distinguished gallantry to Lieutenant-Colonel Langdon and Major Stafford, First Ohio; Major Gray and Captain Strong, Forty-ninth Ohio; Lieutenant-Colonel Askew and Major McClenahan, Fifteenth Ohio; Lieutenant -Colonel Hall and Major Williams, Eighty-ninth Illinois; Colonel Buckner, Lieutenant-Colonel Rives, and Major Van Deren, Seventy-ninth Illinois; Major Collins, Twenty-ninth Indiana; Lieutenant-Colonel Hurd and Major Fitzsimmons, Thirtieth Indiana ; colonel Rose, Lieutenant-Colonel Pyfer, and Major Phillips, Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania; colonel Strong, Lieutenant-Colonel Martin, and major Birch, Ninety-third Ohio; Major Thomasson, Captain Huston, Fifth Kentucky; Lieutenant-Colonel Tripp and Major Campbell, Sixth Indiana.

For individual mention of subaltern officers reference is respectfully made to regimental and brigade reports; but I take this occasion to thank every officer and soldier in the division for their good conduct. No troops ever behaved better. I wish it were possible

