
ing the First Brigade of this division, some time previous to the fight, desired to have entire control of the battery in his brigade, and it was so ordered by General Johnson. This relieved me, and I took command of my own battery on the 1st of September. I herewith transmit the reports of the battery commanders of this division, and can only add that Battery A, First Ohio Light Artillery, did nobly. I saw from my position the fight described in Captain Goodspeed's report, and have never seen a battery better handled or fought than he did then.

Captain Grosskopff did not do much. Saturday night he fired a few rounds, which endangered our own troops, and he was stopped. During Sunday he early disappeared from the field, and I can give no additional information than that afforded by his report.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PETER SIMONSON,

Captain, and Chief of Artillery.

Colonel JAMES BARNETT,

Chief of Artillery.

Numbers 102

Report of Brigadier General August Willich, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., SECOND DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 28. 1863.,

SIR: I have the honor to forward report of part taken by my command in the battle of the 19th and 20th instant.

On the 19th instant, at 5.30 a.m., the brigade marched (from the right of the army) with the rest of the division, and the brigade leading, behind the line of battle toward the left, to the support of General Thomas. Arrived at a gap in the line, I halted under orders, and formed the brigade, the Thirty-second Indiana Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel Erdelmeyer, commanding, and Forty-ninth Ohio Volunteers, Major Gray, commanding, protected by their skirmishers in front; Eighty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Hall commanding; and Fifteenth Ohio Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Askew, commanding, in second line; the battery under Captain Goodspeed in the rear of the brigade. The ground being wooded and hilly, it would not allow free maneuver for artillery, and I gave Captain Goodspeed instructions to keep his battery out of musketrange and in the rear of the infantry until further orders. As soon as the Third Brigade of this division was formed on my left, both brigades advanced, under directions from General Thomas, in a direction which diverged from the advancing line of troops on my right at an angle of about 45 degrees.

My skirmishers soon engaged the enemy, who opened with shell and then with canister from a point right in front, so that the fire did not reach the Third Brigade. After having re-enforced the skirmish line, and having brought to bear two sections of my batter, and having sufficiently shaken the enemy's infantry line, I ordered a bayonet charge, and took the Eighty-ninth Illinois into a line with the Forty-ninth Ohio and Thirty-second Indiana, keeping the Fif-

