
teenth Ohio in reserve. The charge was executed in splendid order, and with such an energy that everything was swept before it for about a mile. Five pieces of the enemy's artillery, which had done us much damage, were taken, brought to the rear, and delivered by my assistant adjutant-general at the headquarters of the army. Fearful to lose all connection with other troops, I halted my brigade in a good position, and endeavored to find that connection. The Third Brigade was on my left; on the left of the Third Brigade was nothing. Calling on General Johnson, commanding division, and inquiring for our connection with other troops, I was assured by the division inspector that a division of another corps was on our left. colonel Rose, Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania, on my wish, reconnoitered the right along the enemy's skirmish line, and reported the next troops on our line a mile distant. To the left of the?Third Brigade was an open field, inclosed by woods. After some hours of light skirmishing in front, colonel Baldwin, commanding Third Brigade, communicated to me that the enemy was turning his left flank toward the rear. I advised him to take his two rear regiments and charge to the rear and left; at the same time I threw the Forty-ninth Ohio Volunteers along the fence inclosing the open field on the right of the First Ohio Volunteers (Third Brigade). As soon as the enemy entered the open ground he received a murderous fire, which he could not stand; at the same moment colonel Baldwin attacked his right, and drove the enemy with great slaughter before him, capturing two pieces of artillery.

The particular feature of this attack and repulse of the enemy on our left flank and rear was that it took place directly in front of that division of our army which had to make connection with our left, but which did not move along with us in our first advance and thereby created an opening of 1 1/4 to 1 1/2 miles between their front and our won. As we had discovered the flank of the enemy in our first forward move, the great consequence for the success of the day presents itself to every military mind which would have resulted from a spontaneous advance of the division to our left with our own advance, and by which we could have attacked the enemy's broken flank by changing front to the right. As it was, all I could do was to keep my position and be on the lookout for other attacks in the flank and rear. I received a written order from General Johnson to fall back at 6.30 p.m. to our general line of battle. With dusk the attack looked for took place. The enemy had succeeded in bringing his batteries and masses of infantry into position. A shower of canister and columns of infantry streamed at once into our front and both flanks. My two front regiments were swept back to the second line. This line for a moment came into disorders. Then they received the command, "Dress on your colors;" repeated by many line, sending death into the enemy's masses, who immediately fell back from the front, and there did not answer with a single round.

On my left, the Third Brigade had also been successful; on my right, the Second Brigade appears to have lost ground, because, at once, a line of rebels poured from the right and rear a volley in my right flank. One regiment only, the Thirty-second Indiana, faced them, and the enemy soon disappeared. Then I fell slowly back in two lines, and coming to the general line of battle,. I found General Johnson, who designated the place for the brigade to bivouac.

