
and punishment we had inflicted upon him, advanced in heavy force and pressed our regiment and brigade back some 250 yards, where the brigade made a determined stand in an advantageous position., checked the advance of the enemy, but not without severe loss in killed and wounded. By this time it was pitch dark; prudence suggested a withdrawal to maintain connection with the brigades on our right and left. General Willich led the Eighty-ninth Illinois, Thirty-second Indiana, Forty-ninth and Fifteenth Ohio, his brigade, to position in the rear near to the position occupied in the morning, when we deployed column. Here we bivouacked for the night, exultant in our success, proud of our brigade and its incomparable commander, but saddened with the sight of our thinned ranks and the loss of personal friends. Thus ended the eventful 19th of September, 1863.

Early on the morning of the 20th, the brigade took a rendezvous position in double column abut the center of a large open field and about the center of the left of our entire line of battle, which, at this point, partook of the convex order of battle, around which the enemy was in heavy force. The Eighty--ninth and Thirty-second formed the first line, the Forty-ninth and Fifteenth the second line. After considerable maneuvering the brigade was faced to the east and ordered to advance to the support of the Third Brigade, then hotly engaged with the enemy.

The Eighty-ninth and Thirty-second moved straight forward over two lines of temporary breastworks to the Third under a heavy fire. The forty-ninth and Fifteenth oblique to the left. The attack of the enemy, after a fierce contest, was handsomely repulsed. After lying at this point perhaps two hours the Eighty-ninth and Thirty-second, together with the Forty-ninth and Fifteenth, were ordered to the support of Goodspeed's battery, near a log-house at the southwest corner of the field, the enemy having swung around to the rear of our position. At this point, while lying in support of this battery, which played vigorously on the enemy, and was fiercely shelled and played upon in return, about 3 p.m. fell Lieutenant col. D. J. Hall, commanding Eighty-ninth Illinois Infantry, pierced through the bowels by a musket-ball at the hands of a rebel sharpshooter. I cannot let the opportunity pass without adding my humble tribute to the many excellences of this young and promising officer and, accomplished gentleman. "None knew him but to praise." His death at this juncture is an irreparable loss to the regiment and the service. His last words were, "Tell my parents I died for my flag and my country." On the happening of this dreadful misfortune I assumed the command of the Eighty-ninth Regiment.

About 5 p.m. it was observed that regiments and brigades on our right and left were giving way in inextricable confusion; at the same time the enemy were shelling us furiously on our front, right, and rear, mingled with terrific musketry. General Willich ordered the battery to take position about 100 yards to the left of original position. They did so. The Eighty-ninth moved in good order by the left flank, fronted, and laid down, the Thirty-second, Forty-ninth, and Fifteenth doing the same on our left. During this change of front a stream of fugitives was running through and over us, but the brigade stood firm and undaunted. It was during this trying ordeal that the First Brigade of the Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps. earned its sobriquet of the "Iron Brigade of the Cum-

