
Passing over the field, we found the dead body of General Walker, commanding a division of the so-called Confederate army, also a colonel von Zinken, of the First [Twentieth] Louisiana, and a great many officers killed during this fight. I would also claim a rebel flag, which was passed over by our men during the engagement, and picked up by some stragglers in the rear of my regiment.

We returned from this charge, and again returned to a reserve position on the road and in the rear of General Reynolds' division. There remained quiet until about 5 p.m., exposed, however, to the fire of the enemy's sharpshooters.

At this time the enemy, being invited by the withdrawal of General Reynolds' division, recommenced throwing shells upon us and over us in such a manner as to make our position not maintainable; we therefore changed front and fell back across the road. Hardly in position, the left wing of the army commenced falling aback, and after the most of the troops were gone and the enemy had taken possession of the breastworks in our front, we fell back through the woods, taking possession of a hill in the rear of the woods, covering the Chattanooga road, and then followed the brigade as rear guard of the army. The total loss of my regiment during the two days was 21 killed, 81 wounded, and 20 missing, supposed to be partly killed or wounded. The above includes 1 captain killed, and 1 captain and 3 lieutenants wounded.

Before closing this, my report, I cannot abstain from mentioning that my full praise and most sincere thanks are due to all my officers and men for their promptness in obeying my orders, as well as of the courage displayed during the whole of the battle and under such trying circumstances.

I have the honor to remain, general, your obedient servant,

FRANK ERDELMEYER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 32nd Indiana Volunteers.

Brigadier General A. WILLICH,

Commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 105.

Report of Colonel Thomas J. Harrison, Thirty-ninth Indiana (Mounted) Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-NINTH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLS.,.

Chattanooga, September 28, 1863.,On Thursday evening, 17th instant, I was ordered with my regiment to Bailey's Cross-Roads, in McLemore's Cove, which is opposite gaps were occupied at the time by a strong force of the enemy. About 3 p.m. my regiment was attacked by a brigade of rebel cavalry at Davis'Ford, on Chickamauga Creek. The fight lasted two hours. The field was left in our possession. We had 2 men slightly wounded; none killed. The enemy had 2 killed, one of whom was Colonel Estes, of the Third Confederate Cavalry, and 8 wounded.

On the next day we skirmished at the Widow Davis' Cross-Roads, retaining the ground without loss. The enemy's loss unknown.

On the night of the 18th instant we were ordered to Pond Spring.

On the morning of the 19th, were directed to protect the right and rear of General Sheridan's division. My regiment was delayed in

