
its movements by demonstrations made by the enemy on the La Fayette and Ringgold roads, thereby throwing us in rear of General Mitchell's cavalry. Abut meridian, the enemy attacked our right flank, and succeeded in cutting off the Second Indiana Cavalry, the cavalry train and my regiment from the main body of troops. But after considerable fighting, we drove the enemy and rejoined our army; we reached Crawfish Spring at sunset. I learned that our soldiers on the field were suffering greatly for water. I directed my regiment to press all the canteens that could be found, and, with our own, we were enabled to deliver 1,000 canteens of water by midnight to our suffering soldiers on the battle-field.

On Sunday, the 20th, we were again assigned a position on the extreme right of the infantry. Dismounting, we moved our horses to a secure position in the rear. At 11 a.m. we moved forward, meeting an advancing enemy. Colonel Laiboldt's brigade, of General Sheridan's division, was on our left; Colonel Wilder's mounted infantry on our right. The enemy met us at the top of a high ridge, and neither party discovered the other until within 30 paces. The struggle was brief, but desperate; yet the enemy was unable to withstand our Spencer rifles, and gave way, running in disorder before both Colonel Wilder's and my commands. At the same time Colonel Laiboldt's command was driven back, entirely changing the direction of our line and bringing the enemy directly between us and our army, entirely cutting Colonel Wilder and myself off. At that juncture we were ordered to take a train, which was also cut off, and make our way in the direction of Lookout Mountain and thence to Chattanooga, which we did, reaching the neighborhood of Chattanooga at dark.

On the evening of the 21st I was ordered to take position with my regiment on Missionary Hill, 5 miles east of Chattanooga, and to hold the enemy in check as long as I could safely do so. On reaching the ridge I found the Forty-fourth Indiana and Thirteenth Ohio occupying the same position I was directed to hold. I arranged the three regiments to the best advantage, and on the next morning at 10 o'clock a division of the enemy attacked us. Company B, commanded by Lieutenant Noble; Company C, Captain Crowell; Company D, Captain Herring, and Company F, temporarily commanded by Dr. Connett, received and withstood the attack for some time. But I thought it best to draw them back on the reserve line, where the action became general. Lieutenant-Colonel Aldrich, in command of the Forty-fourth Indiana, made a gallant fight; and I am pleased to call attention to the conduct of Lieutenant Norvell, in command of Company H, of my regiment. Late in the evening, the superior force of the enemy, enabling him to outflank us, compelled a retreat;

In these engagements we had 5 men killed and 32 wounded. Captain Potts was wounded on the 20th, and fell into the hands of the enemy. Lieutenants Garboden and Clark were both wounded. I was much pleased with the gallant conduct of Major J. D. Evans and Adjutant Fortner. Drs. Gray and Connett acquitted themselves with honor in their department. My line officers all discharged their duty in a most commendable manner. My non-commissioned officers and private soldiers were generally prompt and brave.

All of which I respectfully submit.

THOMAS J. HARRISON,

Colonel Thirty-ninth Indiana Volunteers.

[Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON,]

