
[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,September 29, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded, commending Colonel Harrison, his officers, and men, for their good and gallant conduct.

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 106.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Frank Askew, Fifteenth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTEENTH REGT. OHIO INFANTRY VOLS.,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 26, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by this regiment in the battles of the 19th and 20th instant:

On Saturday, the 19th, the regiment, having been on picket duty, was not able to march with the rest of the brigade, but under orders marched as soon as the men got their breakfasts and as soon as the pickets could be drawn in, and after a very rapid march came up with the brigade several miles south of Crawfish Spring; thence we moved in the rear of the brigade, the battery being before us until we reached the place where the brigade went into action. We formed the second line, in rear of the Forty-ninth Ohio, which was on the left. We followed the front line closely in their brilliant and rapid advance, ready to support them if necessary, until the brigade was halted, when we were formed in double column on the center. We were lying in this position when the enemy made the attack about dark on Saturday evening. The stragglers from the first line, of which there was a considerable number, threw the regiment into some confusion, but they were soon rallied, and the regiment deployed into line on the left of the Forty-ninth Ohio, when the enemy was checked and the firing ceased. We then moved into camp with the brigade.

On Sunday, the 20th instant, the brigade being in reserve in rendezvous position, we were formed in double column on the center, in rear of the Eighty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, and to the left of the Forty-ninth Ohio, fronting the line occupied by the Second and Third Brigades of this division. We remained in this position for some time, when the brigade, advanced to the first line of barricades, deployed into line. Here I received and order from the general to go to the support of Captain Goodspeed's battery and to form on its left. The battery at that time was near the house on the road, and a little to the right and considerably to the rear of our line. I immediately moved by the right flank. When the head of my column had nearly reached the battery, though we were still on the right of it, we received a sharp volley from a body of the enemy who were advancing down the road, and on the left flank of our general line of battle, and who had driven our troops that were protecting that flank before them. I immediately halted and faced by the rear rank, and gave the enemy a volley. By this time the Ninth Ohio, which had been formed parallel to the road and fronting our general line of battle, changed front forward on their tenth company, which threw their line in front of ours, and this attack of the enemy was

