
repulsed with the assistance of two other regiments of the brigade, which were in line along the barricades,a nd which faced, I supposed, by the rear rank, and gave the enemy a fire in his flank. As soon as possible I proceeded to form on the left of the battery, as before ordered, my right resting on the road and fronting up the road or in a northerly direction, and in the direction from which the last attack was made. While here General John Beatty came to me and informed me that the enemy were again directly on our front, and requested me to advance the regiment with some other troops which were formed on our right and left. I told him I would do so if I got permission of the general. He obtained the permission, and we advanced through the weights, driving the enemy before us until we reached the point where the field on the right of the road terminated and the woods began. The regiments on our right and left line without support, I did not deem it prudent to advance farther, and the regiment was halted here. I then sent Major McClenahan to inform the general where we were and to ask for orders. The major returned with the order to rejoin the brigade. Before this order was begun to be executed the enemy again advanced to the attack.

Our flanks being exposed we fell back slowly and gradually, firing in retreat; we fell back perhaps 100 yards in this way, when the enemy appeared to have been satisfied, as he did not follow us up. I formed the regiment here and moved back over the ground which we had retreated over, the enemy falling back rapidly before us. We gathered up our wounded, and then joined the brigade near the house, forming on the left of the Thirty-second Indiana Volunteers and fronting to the west. The movements of the regiment during the remainder of the day having been with the brigade and directly under the eve of the general,, I do not think it necessary to go into an extensive account of it. I cannot speak in terms of too high praise of the conduct of the officers and men of the regiment; under the hottest fire they were cool, collected and determined. The men fired deliberately, never firing unless they saw something to fire at, and then with good aim. Lieutenant Fowler, commanding Company F, a gallant officer, was killed. Captain Byrd and Lieutenant Updegrove, both commanding companies, were wounded. Major McClenahan, although quite unwell, remained on the field to the last, and rendered gallant and efficient service in the management of the regiment. Out of 325 with which we went into action we lost as follows:

Officers and men	 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing	 Total

Officers	 1	 2	 ---	 3

Enlisted men	 9	 75	 33	 117

Total	 10	 77	 33	 120

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK ASKEW,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain CARL SCHMITT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

