
thrown forward to occupy them. In this movement my command was changed to the left flank of the brigade. We had occupied this position but a short time when the enemy drove back the brigade on my left,, commanded by General Beatty, and came pouring int the open field directly in our rear. I immediately faced by the rear rank, and, wheeling half to the right, opened on them a galling crossfire. This, in connection with the fire from Captain Goodspeed's battery, in position directly fronting the advancing rebels, soon caused them to waver. At this moment I ordered a charge. This was executed under the eyes of the generals commanding brigade and division, who can testify to the prompt and enthusiastic manner in which it was done. the Sixth Regiment Ohio Volunteers having rallied, now joined us in the charge, and the enemy was completely routed. In this charge the regiment captured 50 prisoners and sent them to the rear. After driving the enemy abut one-half mile and exhausting our ammunition,. we were relieved by the Thirty-second Indiana Volunteers, under Colonel Erdelmeyer, charging through our lines and again driving the enemy, who had partially rallied. I take pleasure in testifying to the gallant charge made by this noble old regiment. Early in our charge I was struck on the head by a glancing ball and compelled to leave the field for half an hour in the hottest part of the engagement. During this time the command evolved upon Captain L. M. Strong, acting field officer, who distinguished himself for gallantry and capacity to command. During the remainder of the day and until the close of the fight we acted with the brigade and were constantly under fire, but did not again become closely engage. A full report of our operations during Sunday afternoon will no doubt be made by the general commanding brigade.

To the officers and men of the Forty-ninth Regiment my thanks are due for their heroism and unflinching bravery exhibited throughout the protracted struggle.. My thanks are especially due Captain Strong for valuable assistance rendered on the field. Sergt. Major D. R. Cook, acting adjutant, was conspicuous for gallantry, always at his post of duty and in the thickest of the fight.

In closing this grief report allow me to congratulate the general commanding brigade upon the successful operations of his entire command, its perfect organization from the beginning to the end of the fight, and to tender him, on the part of every officer and man in my command, his heartfelt thanks, feeling that we owe to his superior courage and skill our preservation and any honor we may have won.

I am, very respectfully,

S. F. GRAY.

Major, Comdg. Forty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain CARL SCHMITT, Asst. Adjt. General First Brigade.

Numbers 108.

Report of Captain Wilbur F. Goodspeed, Battery A, First Ohio Light Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTERY A, FIRST OHIO LIGHT ARTILLERY,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 27, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to report the part taken by my battery in the battles of the 19th and 20th instant.

