
I marched with the brigade to the battle-field, and the brigade being ordered into action, I took a position in the rear of the brigade, leaving my caissons still farther in the rear.

The brigade having captured a battery from the enemy, I was ordered to haul the pieces off the field. I sent for my caisson teams, and took off three 10-pounder Parrott and two 12-pounder Napoleon guns and one caisson; I also got one limber form the front of the brigade, but owing to the fact that the enemy opened a terrific fire, I had to abandon it.

The infantry advanced farther,and General Willich sent me orders to bring up one section, which, under Lieutenant Scovill, took a position on the right and rear of the brigade. Toward evening the brigade was attacked by the enemy in force, and another section, under Lieutenant Belding, was ordered to the left and rear of the infantry, while shortly afterward the whole battery was formed in the rear and center of the brigade. In these positions we opened on the enemy's lines with solid shot and shell, and were replied to by one battery. The brigade withdrew and I was ordered to bring my battery to the rear, where we took a reserve position in an open field, my battery forming in the rear of the infantry. Here we bivouacked during the night.

On the morning of the 20th the brigade changed position, facing south. I changed front with the brigade, keeping my battery still in the rear of the infantry. In this position I remained when the brigade was ordered into action.

At about 10 a.m. one of the enemy's batteries opened on my from the left in front. I changed front and replied with three pieces, throwing shells, soon silencing the enemy. At about 11 o'clock a heavy column of the enemy was discovered about 1,000 yards from my position. Crossing the road, I immediately changed front. At this time the Fifteenth Ohio Volunteers came up, and was ordered to the left of my battery. A few minutes later the enemy charged on us, and got up to within 50 yards. My battery then opened, double-shotted Volunteers, we succeeded in routing the enemy, and driving him back with great slaughter. The enemy having disappeared from y front and showing himself in the rear, my battery, with the Fifteenth Ohio Volunteers, moved to the small log houses which were temporarily used as hospitals, and was faced to the rear. At about half past 1 p.m.., the rest of the brigade having formed near my position, the enemy opened on me in my new front with artillery. I replied with about 50 rounds, when he ceased firing. My battery remained in this position until nearly dark, when a general retreat began. The troops on our left giving way, the enemy threw shell and canister into the position of the brigade form that side. I answered with the same projectiles.

After the other troops had passed us, General Willich ordered the brigade to fall back. I attached the prolonges to my pieces and retreated firing. The enemy closed in from three sides, and his batteries came so near that we fired at each other with canister. Under orders I limbered up and moved back to a hill in the rear, where I awaited the arrival of the brigade. Here General Willich ordered me to move on to the Rossville road, and follow the other troops. My battery arrived at Rossville at 12 p.m. and went into camp.

