
I brought into camp my battery complete. In the engagements of the two days my battery sustained the following loss:

Officer wounded, 1; enlisted men killed, 2; enlisted men wounded, 13; enlisted men missing, 4, supposed to be wounded. Horses wounded, 15, and, in consequence of not unharnessing for six days and the hardship they have undergone, I will lose 25 more horses.

I cannot close this report without speaking in terms of the highest praise of the gallantry displayed by First Lieutenants E. B. Belding and C. W. Scovill. My heartfelt thanks are due to the non-commissioned officers and men of my battery for the promptness with which they executed every order, and the coolness they preserved under the hottest fire. I feel in duty bound to acknowledge the obligations I am under to the general commanding the brigade for the able manner in which he handled and the care he took of my battery, and corded to me under such trying times.

Respectfully submitted.

W. F. GOODSPEED,

Captain, Comdg. Battery A, First Ohio Light Artillery.

Captain CARL SCHMITT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 109.

Report of Colonel Joseph B. Dodge, Thirtieth Indiana Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS SECOND BRIG., SECOND DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, September 27, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with your circular of the 25th instant, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part that this brigade took in the recent battles near this place:

After a tedious and laborious march, we reached a point about 4 miles from Crawfish Spring, in the direction of Stevens' Gap, on the 18th instant, where my brigade was placed on picket and staid all night.

On the morning of the 19th I marched at about 7 o'clock with the rest of the division, and passed Crawfish Spring, in the direction of Chattanooga, about 3 miles, when we filed off the road to the right. My brigade, being n the left of the division, was agreeably to your order, here deployed into column; the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania Colonel Thomas E. Rose, commanding, and the Seventy-ninth Illinois, Colonel Allen Buckner, commanding, in the first line; and the Twenty-ninth Indiana, Lieutenant col. D. M. Dunn, commanding, and the Thirtieth Indiana, Lieutenant Colonel O. D. Hurd, commanding, in the second line, in rear of the First and Third Brigades, and ordered to govern myself by their movements, and to support them.

After moving in this manner a short distance, I received an order to move to the right, until I reached General Hazen's brigade of General Palmer's division, and relieve him, as his men were getting short of ammunition. I accordingly moved my whole command by the right flank about 400 yards, when I found a very brisk engagement going on, and the enemy's line formed in an oblique direction to the one I was in. I immediately changed front forward with my first

