
I am under great obligations to them and to Lieutenant S. T. Davis, Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, brigade inspector (who was severely hurt by a spent grape-shot on Sunday), and Captain E. P. Edsall, Thirtieth Indiana Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general of the brigade, for their promptness and efficiency under the most trying circumstances during this most terrible battle. I feel it a duty to report also the gallant conduct of my orderlies, they being detached form their commands and having no opportunities to be noticed in any other way . Orderly Black, Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, was severely wounded (if not Killed) on the evening of the 19th, while accompanying Lieutenant Davis, of my staff, in collecting men that, owing to the darkness, had become separated from their commands. Richard Sloane, Thirtieth Indiana Volunteers, was severely wounded in the hand and head on Saturday, while carrying an order, and was compelled to go to the rear; but he reported again to me for duty on the morning of the 21st. Orderlies Marr, Twenty-ninth Indiana, and McCarty, Thirty-fourth Illinois, by their coolness and courage, showed that they were worthy of holding commissions. It is but an act of justice to say that the Thirty-fourth Illinois Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Van Tassell, commanding, of this brigade, were detached at the crossing of the Tennessee River, and have been detained there since; so that that regiment had no opportunity to take a part with those whom they have hitherto accompanied in every fight in which this brigade has been engaged. I regret this deeply, as I know that regiment was anxious to be with us.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. DODGE,

Colonel, Comdg. 2nd Brigade, 2nd Division, 20th Army Corps.

Lieutenant A. S. SMITH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

P. S. - Accompanying this please find reports of regimental commanders, and of Captain Grosskopff, commanding Twentieth Ohio Battery.

Numbers 110.

Report of Colonel Allen Buckner, Seventy-ninth Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTY-NINTH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,

Chattanooga, Tenn., September 27, 1863

SIR: In compliance with an order, I proceed at once to make my report, as follows:

On Saturday, the 19th instant, this regiment was in the rear of the Second Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps. It marched 7 or 8 miles, came near the point where the left of the army was hotly engaged,a nd doubled its column at half distance, formed on the left of the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers as a reserve, the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Indiana Volunteers being in front. Threw out a strong line of skirmishers to protect our left flank, moved forward a short distance, made a half right wheel, then deployed into line of battle and formed the right on the left of the Seventy-seventh

