
Pennsylvania Volunteers, charged upon the enemy and drove them before us nearly 1 1/2 miles, halted, dressed up the line, found that the brigade did not connect on the right or left and had gone quite a distance beyond our line on either side, moved by the left flank from 200 to 400 yards, then about-faced and moved back near 40 rods, halted and rested a short time, still under fire of grape and canister from the enemy, and constantly losing in killed and wounded. Here General Willich came up, and, as I learned, suggested that you join your left on his right in two lines; therefore the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania and Seventy-night Illinois were placed in front, the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Indiana in reserve. When this movement was executed the sun was nearly down, we having been engaged with the enemy almost all of the time since 1 p.m., and constantly under fire, the Seventy-ninth Illinois still on the left of the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania. After this disposition had been made, Colonel Rose and myself went to see what connection we made with General Willich's line; as near as we could ascertain the Eighty-ninth Illinois was to the left and in front as skirmishers, our own skirmishers being on their right, and no line of battle connecting with us whatever; soon the skirmish line was heavily attacked, and fell back, whereupon we opened a heavy fire, holding our position and kept it up until the enemy was silenced. It was now quite dark, and in a few moments we were surprised to find the rebel skirmishers coming into our line, and while we were taking them prisoners we found that a heavy line of the enemy had outflanked and were closing around the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania, also a heavy line had formed in our immediate front, at once opening upon us a dreadful fire, under which we had to fall back. Our greatest loss during the whole battle amongst officers and men occurred here, in the space of ten minutes, 4 captains and 8 lieutenants being left at this point; add to this, we fell back under a heavy cross-fire from the enemy and our friends. I found the colors of the Thirtieth Indiana and rallied as many as possible and made an effort to form on the right of General Willich's brigade, constantly moving back until we reached the rear of our battery and followed it into camp, where we formed upon the remainder of the brigade.

My officers and men did well during this terrible day. As soon as we got into camp I was ordered to take the Seventy-ninth Illinois and the Thirtieth Indiana, and go on picket. With the assistance of my adjutant I formed the best line possible.

On the morning of the 20th I formed my regiment and the remainder of the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania on the left of the brigade, and by your direction took command of the line, you superintending the general movement. We then moved back in reserve, threw up temporary fortifications, and waited until the front line were attacked all along our lines, right and left. This attack seemed to be repulsed, whereas, under your immediate direction, we moved by the left and right flanks, until we formed on the left of General King's brigade of regulars. Here we were heavily attacked by the enemy and replied, driving the enemy and keeping up a heavy fire for nearly three hours, emptying our cartridge boxes and replenishing on the line. After the enemy was completely driven we moved back, under your immediate direction, about 100 yards, where we halted and rested. Shortly after, we sent out a line of skirmishers to ascertain the movements of the enemy, and as to their report I am not advised. We then moved a little forward and to the left, when

