
we threw up temporary fortifications a short distance in the rear of the line which had been our reserve in the morning. We remained here until near 4 o'clock in the afternoon, not knowing that the right had given way. About this time we were heavily attacked. The line who seemed to be determined to break our lines. Our brigade was constantly cheering and encouraging the line in front of us, though we were exposed to a terrible fire of artillery and musketry. This was kept up about an hour, when an officer came up and ordered us back. We would not reiter until we heard from you. In a moment you came in person, giving the order to fall back; this we did in the best possible manner, and after getting back to the hill assisted in getting the brigade together, and, under your direction, moved back to Rossville.

On the 21st I formed my regiment on the extreme right of the brigade and threw up breastworks, where it remained until 1 o'clock next morning, when, by your order, we moved back to Chattanooga. I will not eulogize my officers and men one by one, but it is sufficient to say they are good and true. The above is as near a correct history of the part the Seventy-ninth Illinois took in the battle as I can remember. I submit it for your consideration, and have the honor to remain your obedient servant,

ALLEN BUCKNER.

Colonel, Commanding Seventy-ninth Illinois Volunteers.

Captain E. P. EDSALL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 111.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel David M. Dunn., Twenty-ninth Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. 20TH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 27, 1863

SIR: I herewith hand you, as per your order, my report of the part taken by the Twenty-ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteer Infantry in the battle of the 19th and 20th instant, near Crawfish Spring, Ga.

This regiment, after marching 200 miles (after leaving Tullahoma), arrived and encamped at the foot of Lookout Mountain, at rejoined the division, and relieved the Thirty-second Indiana on picket duty about 4 a.m.

On the morning of the 19th instant I was ordered to withdraw my pickets silently, and to act as rear guard to the brigade into camp.

After arriving in camp and drawing rations we took the advance of the brigade toward the left of our army, where heavy cannonading could be distinctly heard. We marched about 12 miles, when we arrived in rear of General Thomas' line of battle (about 1 p.m.), upon which the enemy was making a heavy attack. Our brigade was directed to relieve General Hazen's brigade. My regiment, being on the right and front, was soon deployed,,, and I was ordered to charge the enemy at double-quick. I gave the order, and the men

