
rushed forward cheering lustily, and never stopped until they had routed the enemy from his temporary fortifications, killing many and taking a large number of prisoners. We pursued them about 1 1/2 miles, when we were ordered to halt, having no protection on our right from a flank movement of the enemy. After we halted our brigade was again formed in two lines, my regiment in the first line and on the left of the brigade (the two regiments forming the second line at the commencement of the engagement having been brought to the front in our pursuit of the enemy participated freely in the fight), my left resting on the supposed right of the Eighty-ninth Illinois volunteers. We remained in this position, having our front protected by a line of skirmishers, until near the close of the evening, receiving occasional shots of musketry and grape from the enemy. About dark my regiment was relieved and placed in the second line, and joined to the Thirty-second Indiana on the left. We were lying in this position, when shortly after dark we were all startled by a furious attack of the enemy on our front and right flank. The attack was so sudden, though not unexpected that my men became somewhat confused, but immediately regained their places in line and assisted in silencing the fire of the enemy. I was then ordered to move my regiment to the right to protect our flank. I remained in this position until about 9 p.m., when we returned into camp in rear of First Brigade. On the morning of the 20th instant built breastworks in front of our line as we were encamped (being in reserve), and remained there until about half past 10 a.m., the enemy attacking our first line and being repulsed. About half past 10 a.m. our line was changed, forming to the front on the left company, and marched forward about 200 yards and joined on the left of the Sixteenth Regulars. While in this position we poured a galling fire in the enemy's attacking column, that passed our front about 100 or 150 yards' distant, disorganizing them very much. They tried to plant a battery but were prevented by our well-directed fire. We then moved back about 15 rods and formed in rear of the Second Ohio, and built breastworks. In this position we were very much annoyed by sharpshooters, and remained in this position until 4 p.m. when the enemy came up in our front and poured into us a very destructive fire of musketry and artillery. We, however, held the enemy in check until ordered to retreat, and fell back over an open field under a severe fire from the enemy. We reformed on a hill three-quarters of a mile to our rear, and marched from there to camp near Rossville, in charge of Captain J. H. M. Jenkis.

Our losses are as follows: First day-killed, 9; wounded, 69; missing, 35. Second day-killed, 2; wounded, 22; missing 33. Total, 170.

I cannot speak too highly of both officers and men, and must notice especially the praiseworthy conduct of Major Collins and Captain J. H. M. Jenkiss.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. M. DUNN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain E. P. EDSALL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

