
Numbers 112.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Orrin D. Hurd, Thirtieth Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTIETH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 27, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with instructions, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the late battle:

On the morning of the 19th instant, I moved with the brigade from Stevens' Gap, at the foot of Lookou Mountain, at about 9 a.m. to Crawfish Spring, where the battle was then going on. We arrived on the battle-ground at about 1 p.m. and after a rest of ten minutes, took position in the line which was on the extreme left. My regiment was placed on the left of the brigade, in the reserve line, the Twenty-ninth Indiana in my front and the Seventy-ninth Illinois on my right. I was ordered to throw a platoon on my left as skirmishers, as that part was unprotected. As soon as this was done the line moved forward on double-quick, immediately coming in sight of the enemy, and driving him by a charge a distance of at least 1 mile, when it was halted and again formed. In this charge my regiment suffered severely, losing several commissioned officers and a large number of men, most of which were but slightly wounded We were from here ordered to move by the left flank and formed on the right of the First Brigade of this division; my front was slightly changed to the right.

This movement I have since learned left a gap of some extent on the right of this brigade,m giving the enemy a partial chance to flank us. At 5 p.m. the firing had ceased in our front, but was still kept up on our left, or in front of General Willich's brigade-however not to such and extent as to attract a great deal of our attention - and the men were ordered to lie down on their arms. At dark all was quiet, appearance showing the fight ended for that day. After dark the enemy charged our front and the right flank of the brigade with such an overwhelming force that the front rank was completely annihilated by his first fire, while our reserve dare not fire on account of our own men. The reserve now moved up and held him until he came directly upon our right flank, and within talking distance, when we fell back to near the point where we first formed, where we lay during the night.

In consequence of the extreme darkness and the dense forest, the enemy captured quite a number of men and officers. Among the latter were Major Fitzsimmons, Lieutenants Sterling and Foster, all of whom had conducted themselves with great coolness and bravery.

The next morning a temporary work of logs was thrown up, and preparations made for a hard battle, as it became evident that the enemy greatly outnumbered us. There was no firing of any consequence until about 9 o'clock, when the enemy again made his appearance along our whole front and again charged us, but was repulsed with heavy loss. I was now moved to the left into a gap and became engaged, but in a few moments the enemy fell back and firing again checked. Part of my regiment was sent on the skirmish line, and troops kept forming on our left, as it became evident from the cloud of dust that the enemy was massing on that point. At about 12m. our suppositions were confirmed by his making a heavy as-

36 R R-VOL XXX, PT I

