
sault upon our front and left, driving the latter back a short distance, when we rallied and checked him, afterward regaining our position. All was now quiet in our front until about 3 p.m. when the enemy again attacked, and a fight of abut one hour took place, after which we were ordered to fall back to Pigeon Gap, where we lay during that night.

On the morning of the 21st instant we again built a temporary work and remained in it during that day, but nothing of importance took place in our front. At about 10 o'clock that night a retreat was ordered and our line except pickets, was quietly withdrawn as far as Chattanooga, where my regiment arrived about 4 a.m. on the 22nd .

Here the men took the first two hours of undisturbed sleep they had had since the night of the 17th, but at 6 o'clock we were again under arms, and at about 7 moved farther to the right, and again formed line. I was now placed on the left of the brigade, the Twenty-ninth Indiana on my right and the Twenty-first Illinois, of General Davis' division, on my left. Rifle-pits were immediately commenced, but were constructed into a heavy breastwork capable of keeping off heavy shot. Nothing of importance in which m y regiment had part took place until the morning of the 25th instant, when we were again withdrawn from our work and moved about three-quarters of a mile to the rear, where we now lie. There have been no casualties in my regiment since the 20th instant, which I have already reported.*

This has proved the hardest battle in which the regiment ever had part, as at Shiloh and Stone's River we had more than twice the number of men engaged, while the total loss of each was not as great as this.

There is no record that will show harder fighting and better behavior of men then was displayed in this battle under the most trying circumstances. The officers (excepting two) and men were as cool as though on parade. I might mention many deeds of daring and bravery, but to not all would lengthen the report and to mention part would do injustice to others. I heartily thank them for their conduct, assuring them that they have again merited the names of true soldiers and patriots. The friends and relatives of the wounded and dead have my heartfelt sympathy, and I feel proud to say that their brothers and sons fell true soldiers, with not a stain upon them.

Respectfully submitted.

O. D. HURD,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Thirtieth Regiment Indiana Vols.

Captain E. P. EDSALL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 113.

Report of Captain . Edward Grosskopff, Twentieth Ohio Battery.

CAMP OF 20TH BATTERY OHIO VOLUNTEER ARTILLERY,

Near Chattanooga, Tenn., October 11, 1863

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part which the Twentieth Battery Ohio Volunteer Artillery took in the late fight at or near Crawfish Spring., September 19 and 20.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 174,

---------------

.

