
The Twentieth Battery Ohio Volunteer Artillery was ordered, September 19, in the afternoon, to take up position on a hill in the rear of Second Brigade, Second division, Twentieth Army Corps, near Crawfish Spring. I did remain there until 5 p.m., when I was ordered forward to a clearing. This position I was ordered to change soon after, and took up another one more to the left, near the Seventy-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry., and opened fire on the enemy. After this, as night had set in, I fell back to the aforementioned clearing, but was ordered to again change my position still farther to the rear. In the act of carrying out this order I received a cross-fire from the enemy, whereby one of my men and several of the horses were wounded. Soon after I joined the Fifth Battery Indiana Volunteer Artillery, commanded by Captain Simonson, and took up camp after the firing had ceased in an open field, near the headquarters of the Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps.

On the 20th of September, in the morning at 5 o'clock, Received orders form Colonel Dodge, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, to remain with my battery where I was until further orders. I waited for orders until (a.m., when a division of the Fourteenth Army Corps was ordered to take up a position where I stood, and there fore I had to move the battery and station myself on the right of Battery A, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery, and in the rear of Second Division, Twentieth Army Corp;s. Here I remained and held out an attack on our left flank until about 11 or 11.30 a.m., when I was ordered by a staff officer to take a position more to the right; but I had hardly moved toward that place and not yet imposition when the troops stationed there gave way,a and, being without any support, I fell back about 500 yards and took up a position near an open field. There I reported to Lieutenant Sidney Smith, acting assistant adjutant-general Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, and received orders from him to remain there. I did so until the army in general fell back; then I took up a position on a hill near the gap, to protect, in case of need, the retreat. This position I held until about 4 p.m., when I was ordered by Colonel Barnett, chief of artillery of the Army of the Cumberland, to report at the cross-road which General Sheridan held with his infantry and where my battery could be supported by them. Here I remained until the whole army commenced moving; then I fell in, as ordered by the adjutant of General McCook's staff, and marched to a field where the different corps had assembled, and reported to Second division, Twentieth Army Corps, when Captain Bartlett, inspector-general of Second Division, ordered me to move the battery to Rossville.

I lost 2 men wounded, 2 men missing, 11 horses (9 dead and 2 wounded). I shot away 85 rounds of ammunition and lost 1 caisson.

In general my men behaved very well, excepting 2, who behaved very cowardly-John Hutchins, detailed from the Twenty-ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteers Infantry, and Charles White, detailed from the Seventy-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry, who left their posts.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,]

E. GROSSKOPFF

Captain, Comdg. 20th Battery Ohio Volunteer Artillery.

Captain PETER SIMONSON,

Chief of Artillery.

