
About this time colonel Baldwin was shot, and we at this critical point were without a commander. The loss was irreparable; the value to his troops of his courage and devotion was incalculable. For the good and glory of his country it is to be hoped that he is only wounded. The Fifth Kentucky was completely cut off, the enemy's line of battle being between it and the reserve; but it was so dark that friend could not be distinguished from foe, except by the direction of the fire. While the First Ohio and Sixth Indiana were engaging the enemy,. the Fifth Kentucky and Ninety-third Ohio silently passed the enemy on the double-quick, connected with the reserve, faced about, and here occurred the most terrific fighting eaved known by this brigade. The two lines were but a few yards apart,k and at some points it was a hand-to-hand fight. But the enemy was repulsed after thirty minutes of this work, and there stood the brigade like a wall of iron, its commander gone, its connections broken. Up to this time I did not know of Colonel Baldwin's fate, but here his staff, coming up, reported him missing and asked me for orders. I had none to give except to hold the lines till I could communicate with General Johnson. soon General Baird rode up and informed me that his division was there ready to join on my left, but General Willich had fallen back to a new line, thus exposing my right. It was impossible to remain thus detached so we concluded to fall back, which was done with the utmost quiet and order. I soon met General Johnson, who ordered me into position on the left of General Palmer's division. I disposed the brigade in two lines, the Sixth Indiana and Ninety-third Ohio in front and the Fifth Kentucky and the First Ohio in rear. The battery was ordered to a commanding position between the lines. Very early next morning I ordered to a commanding position between the lines. Very early next morning I ordered the construction of such works as we had facilities for building-rude barricades of logs. At 9 o'clock the enemy attacked, and after an hour's hard fighting was whipped and driven from the field, the Sixth Indiana and Ninety-third Ohio in the front line, doing the fighting in conjunction with the battery. At thirty minutes past 10 I received an order from General Johnson to hold my position at every hazard; at the same time an attack was made on the extreme left of the army-four brigades lying to the left of this command. Supposing that the attack would gradually extend to me, I determined to move up to the front line, for the purpose of strengthening it, the two rear regiments. They had advanced but a few yards when I perceived that the left was giving way. Instantly I changed the front of the First Ohio and Fifth Kentucky then commanded by captain Huston, throwing their line perpendicular to my front facing to the left. But the enemy, pursuing the troops who had broken, had gotten into a field in my original rear. Quickly executing another change of front with my second line, I ordered them to charge the enemy in their flank. I recalled the First Ohio, however, in a few moments fearing to leave my front line entirely without support. The Fifth Kentucky charged under the lead of Captain Huston with an impetuosity never excelled, struck the enemy in their flank, and drove them pell-mell for a mile and a half, capturing many prisoners, among them General Adams. In this charge Lieutenant Huston, of the Fifth Kentucky, was killed. He was a great loss to the regiment, one of its best officers, and a young man of unusual promise. The Fifth Kentucky returned to its place in the course of an hour.

