
Numbers 115.

Report of Major Calvin D. Campbell, Sixth Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,September 28, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command in the actions of the 19th and 20th instant:

On the morning of the 19th instant Lieutenant-Colonel Tripp in command, we marched form near Catlett's Gap, 4 miles west of Crawfish Spring, to 3 miles east of Crawfish Spring, where the brigade was put into line of battle in two lines, we forming the right of the second line. We had advanced but a short distance when the first line engaged and drove the enemy a short distance when the enemy again rallied (it being about 1 p.m.) and made a more decided stand, during which time we were lying down, and exposed to a perfect shower of shot and shell for three-quarters of an hour. Captain Simonson coming up at this time, the enemy were soon driven, and we then advanced to the ground where Loomis' battery had stood in the morning. Intimations being received at this time of an attempt of the enemy to flank us upon the left, the Ninety-third Ohio, forming the left of the second line, was employed to the left, and moved up on the first line, and we than changed direction to the left, and deployed upon the line and then charged at double-quick, driving the enemy for half or three-quarters of a mile, charging past a burning battery and getting one gun. We were then order to move by the right flank and go to the support of the battery, receiving a heavy volley from the enemy on our right as we moved off, losing several men. We then took position in rear of battery, deployed in line, men very much exhausted. It was then near 4 o'clock and the firing had ceased. We remained in this position until near dark, when a heavy volley was poured into our right, and the first line was seen falling back hotly pressed by the enemy. As the battery limbered to the rear, and was again wheeling into position, the right of the regiment was order forward at doulbequick by Colonel Baldwin, Colonel Tripp or myself not being advised of the movement. The right moved forward some 50 or 75 paces, when it struck the heavy columns of the enemy, and a portion forced back, while another portion remained between the enemy's fire and our own.

On this charge Colonel Baldwin fell, his horse dashing back through our lines. When the right was seen to advance, in the absence of orders the remainder of the regiment was held in its position, Colonel Tripp riding along the line and encouraging them to stand firm. At this time the left of the regiment received a volley form our left and rear, doing us but little damage. As soon as our front was clear of our own men we opened fire upon the enemy, the Fifth Kentucky rallying on our left and the Ninety-third Ohio on our right. We held our position and kept up this fire until the enemy withdrew. Colonel Tripp immediately threw Captain McKeehan's company to the front as skirmishers to watch the movements of the enemy, who were found to be maneuvering a heavy force as if to bivouac for the night. We were then ordered back to the road, where we remained until the following morning.

On the morning of the 20th we occupied the right of the first line, the Ninety-third Ohio upon our left and the left of Palmer's division

