
upon our right. Temporary breastworks of logs were thrown up, and our works were scarcely finished when the enemy made his attack, in three heavy lines. Remaining concealed until he was in easy range, we opened upon him, and kept up an unremitting fire for two hours and forty minutes,at which time the enemy fell back. We threw a heavy skirmish line to the front, and during the day took quite a number of prisoners. We held the ground until near 5 p.m., when I received your ordered to withdraw my command, which was done under a heavy fire from the enemy's skirmishers, leaving the field in good order.

Of the officers and men of the regiment I cannot speak too highly.

Every man was at his post and every man did his duty. Colonel Tripp was wounded early in the engagement of the morning,but remained upon the field until the heavy firing had ceased. Both officers and men were cool and calm under the heaviest fire, and there was no straggling from the regiment; their bravery is unquestioned, and their record is one of which I am proud. Appended find list of casualties.*

I have the honor, captain, to be, your obedient servant,

CALVIN D. CAMPBELL,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain FRANK P. STRADER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.,

Numbers 116.

Report of Colonel William W. Berry, Fifth Kentucky Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH KENTUCKY VOLUNTEERS,Chattanooga, September 27, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of movements of my command in the action of the 19th instant:

Early on the morning of the 19th we marched with the brigade from the extreme right to the left of the army, and were then thrown forward to retake ground rom which a portion of the army had been driven before we arrived. The brigade was formed in two lines, my regiment being on the left of the front line and the extreme left of the army. Skirmishers were thrown out and the command moved forward. The skirmish line was soon engaged. The brigade took the double-quick, charged the enemy, and drove him a mile., retaking fully the ground lost in the morning. Her we were halted in the edge of a field, my command forming, with the First Ohio, and obtuse angle, with the opening toward the front. The enemy were soon seen working round toward our left.. Notified Colonel Baldwin of this, when he ordered the Ninety-third Ohio to deploy on my left. It had scarcely gotten into position before the attack opened on us, with infantry and artillery. Colonel Strong, of the Ninety-third, was wounded at almost the first fire and his regiment slightly recoiled, thus leaving my flank exposed; but the left companies poured in an oblique fire, and in a moment the Ninety-third came dashing forward under Colonel Baldwin, kept it up, charged and drove the enemy in their front, and captured two guns. The enemy had already been repulsed in my front, and this was

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 174.

---------------

