
the last we heard of them for an hour and a half, when they again advanced, attacked, and were driven back in more confusion than before. Captain Hurley and Lieutenant Ayars had command of the skirmish line up to this time, and merit the highest commendation for their skill and courage. The enemy repulsed, I ordered the command to cease firing, and for a few moments the utmost quiet reigned, when just at disk an officer called my attention to the right, where the First Ohio had been, and there stood a rebel line of battle pouring its fire into the second line of the brigade. A slight ridge had cut the line of vision between me and the First Ohio, which regiment I could not see without going on the top of this ridge. It seems that the troops on their right had given way, thus letting the enemy in on their flank, and they had fallen back to the second line. I had no notice of this till I saw the direction of the. It was so dark, that except by this direction of the fire, you could not tell friend from foe. I was completely cut off. I ordered the regiment to move off silently. The enemy thought us a part of their line and did not fire into us, but a Federal brigade (Starkweather's, I believe) coming up just then, poured a volley in my ranks and killed many of my men. We not stopping they ran away, fortunately for us. Upon reaching the second line I faced the regiment about and opened instantly on the enemy, who, thinking their own line was firing on them, soon retreated, leaving us in full possession of the ground. In this half-hour's work I lost 100 men and 7 officers killed and wounded. Major Thomasson, Captain Lovett, and Captain Lucas have been since missing; but it is to be hoped that they are only wounded and prisoners, as there are no better officers in this army. Here the brigade staff rode up, and informing me that Colonel Baldwin could not be found, reported to me for orders, and I took command of the brigade. For a further report of the part taken by the brave men of the Fifth Kentucky, I respectfully refer you to the report of Captain Huston, simply adding that harder fighting was never done and truer officers and men were never known.

Respectfully, your obedient servant.

WM. W. BERRY,

Colonel Fifth Kentucky Volunteers.

Captain FRANK P. STRADER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 117.

Report of Captain John M. Huston, Fifth Kentucky Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH KENTUCKY VOLUNTEERS.

September 27, 1863,

SIR: I make, by order, the following report of the operations of the Fifth Regiment Kentucky Volunteers in the battle of the 20th instant:

Upon colonel Baldwin's disappearance, Colonel. Berry assumed command of the brigade, and I took command of the regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Treanor being on detached duty, and Major Thomasson shot. The regiment at this time was standing in line of battle, having just repulsed the enemy in a night fight. Presently I was ordered to move my command to the rear to get connection

