
with the general line of the army. Reaching this point, the brigade was formed in two lines, the Fifth Kentucky was on the right of the second line.

At 9 o'clock on the morning of the 20th the enemy attacked, but was repulsed all along the line. At 10 o'clock, as I was moving my command forward to strengthen the front line, the left of the division on our left was seen to give way. Colonel Berry halted me, and ordered a change of front forward on the left company, which was promptly executed, thus throwing my line perpendicular to the front. The troops on the immediate left of the brigade stood fast, but those on the extreme left fled in the utmost confusion, the enemy pursuing till he was in our original rear. Another change of front was ordered and executed, and being commanded to charge the enemy in his flank, I did so, fell upon him, and drove him a mile and a half. I suppose in this charge we captured 200 prisoners, among them Brigadier-General Adams, besides inflicting heavy loss upon the enemy in killed and wounded. Here Captain Moninger was wounded, and my oldest son, Lieutenant Huston, was killed. He died like a soldier, with sword in hand, in the midst of a victorious charge upon a fleeing enemy. I was ordered back to the brigade, and joined it immediately, where I lay in the second line till evening, when I was ordered to fall back with the brigade to Rossville, which we did in the utmost order regularity.

The officers and men conducted themselves in a manner to reflect great credit upon themselves and their country, the only difficulty being to restrain them from going too far. Lieutenant Zoller, though wounded, kept his place with his company and behaved most manfully. Captains Hurley, Lindenfelser, and Wilson, and Lieutenants McCorkhill, Miller, Powell, Thomas, and Jones are gallant soldiers. The conduct of Adjutant Johnstone was conspicuous for courage, and I thank him for the assistance given myself. I am under great obligations to Dr. Barr, of the First Ohio, detailed to take charge of my wounded, which duty was discharged fearlessly and energetically. The men of the Fifth Kentucky are soldiers; this is not only proven by their bravery on the field, but by the patience and forbearance with which they endured the most extraordinary labor, exposure and privation. John T. Steele, of company B, especially deserves mention. Struck four times, he still stuck to his gun, and was with the Ninety-third Ohio when the cannon was captured, he himself reaching the pieces first and capturing the battery battle flag. Corpl. William Murphy, of Company I, when the color-bearer was shot, seized the flag and thenceforth bore it.

Respectfully, your obedient servant.

JOHN M. HUSTON,

Captain.

Captain FRANK P. STRADER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 118.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Bassett Langdon, First Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT, OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY.

In the Field, September 27, 1863,.

CAPTAIN: By direction of the colonel commanding the brigade the following report of the operations and losses of the First Regi

