
ment Ohio Volunteer Infantry is respectfully submitted from the 18th instant to the present time:

On the morning of Friday, the 18th instant, the regiment moved to the front under my command and took position in line of battle, relieving the One hundred and fifth Ohio. Three companies were at once advanced as skirmishers to within sight of the enemy, and shortly after, it being ascertained that no connection existed on our left, five more companies were moved out and a regular picket line established, connecting the Ninety-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry on our right with a shifting line of infantry pickets on our left.

This position was occupied until the morning of Saturday, the 19th instant, our picket line sustaining most of the time during the day and irregular and distant fire from the pickets of the enemy without returning it. The regiment withdrew from this position early Saturday morning, under marching orders, and moved about 10 or 12 miles up the valley to the north and east, and were halted in an open field near a tannery, under fire of the enemy's cannon. During the few minutes that we lay there, 1 man, belonging to Company K, was mortally wounded and died next morning.

Being ordered forward we moved rapidly to the front, in doublequick time, and a quarter of a mile farther on I deployed in line of battle on the left of General Willich's brigade, my regiment forming the right of the first line of the Third Brigade. A platoon of skirmishers from each of my flank companies (B and G) was deployed in front of the regiment and moved forward to find and feel the enemy. Two hundred yards sufficed to bring them under the enemy's fire, and I moved the regiment up rapidly, keeping even with the first line of General Willich, halting when his line halted and advancing as he advanced.

The enemy fell back steadily and rapidly before our advance, and were hotly followed up and pressed by the skirmish line. The enemy abandoned a battery on the right of my line, which was taken in charge by General Willich's brigade, in whose immediate front it was situated. After pressing the enemy back about a mile d a half in this manner, I halted my regiment, agreeably to orders, in an open field of weeds, with my right near the woods and my left advanced diagonally across the field fronting to the east, with from 100 to 300 yards of open descending ground in my front, terminating in a ravine, beyond which was an open forest into which my skirmishers had followed the enemy. Colonel Baldwin shortly afterward ordered me to change front to rear on the first company and retire behind the fence on my right, information having been received from Major Stafford, in command of the skirmish line (now strengthened by the remaining platoons of the two flank companies), that the enemy was moving to our left.

But a short time elapsed after this disposition was made till the enemy precipitated a heavy force upon the regiments on our left, closely followed by an attack, in our front and upon the brigade on our right. I opened fire by file as soon as our own skirmishers were clear of our front, and soon drove the enemy back from the open field and well into the woods, when, finding myself free from fire, and that the enemy was directing his whole attention to the regiments on my right and left, I sounded the signal to cease firing and again moved into the open field where my fire would be more effective against the enemy.

This position was held till the enemy was repulsed all along the

