
cated to Captain Strader, of Colonel Baldwin's staff, and in half an hour the regiment retired at the head of the brigade to the place where the knapsacks had been deposited on entering the fight.

Bivouacking there till morning, I was ordered to take position in line of battle on the left of the brigade in the second line and construct a breastwork for defense. A substantial work was soon built and hardly completed when the enemy opened a fierce attack in our front. So suddenly did it burst upon us, that Captain Hooker in command of Company A, as skirmishers, was unable to get back to the regiment, and fought till the enemy was repulsed behind the breastwork of the first line. Twenty men were detailed from my command to man the guns of the Fifth Indiana battery, who fought with it during the day. In the intervals between the attacks of the enemy in our front on Sunday I had usually one or more companies of skirmishers covering the front, under the command of Major Stafford, who had charge of the skirmish line of the brigade.

About the time the enemy made his second attack in our front, and while my command was moving to relieve the Ninety-third Ohio on the first line, it was discovered that the enemy had broken through General Baird's line on our left, and filled the woods to our left and rear with his troops. The open field between us and these woods was covered with fugitives in Federal uniform fleeing form the victorious enemy. Under the command of Colonel Berry, I at once about-faced, and changed front to oppose them, and almost immediately afterward moved forward, recrossing the breastworks of the second line into position on the right of the Louisville Legion, and opened fire upon the enemy, checking his advance and driving him instantly to the cover of the woods. With one impulse, and apparently without command, the entire line rushed for the woods.

I turned to see if the movement had been ordered, and received Colonel Berry's order to halt and return my regiment to its proper position at the breastwork. My voice could not be heard in the confusion, and, seizing the colors, I had the halt and "to the colors" sounded by my bugler, and succeeded in getting about two-thirds of my regiment into line and back to position. The remainder went on ignorant that a halt had been ordered, and took part with the legion and Fifteenth Ohio in the brilliant charge which saved us from molestation, when later in the day they again broke General Baird's line and entered the same woods.

Among the losses attending this charge I have to report Second Lieutenant Hallenberg, seriously wounded in two places; First Sergeant Burgdorf, Company B, mortally wounded, and a number of my bravest men killed and wounded. When ordered to retire in line of battle, my regiment moved off in double-quick and in good order, and although subjected to an enfilading fire from the enemy's batteries, accomplished the movement with a loss which, though unable. A half hour sufficed to place us safely on the hills to the rear, and no further loss was sustained by the regiment till the following Tuesday, when it was placed in an exposed position on the bank of the creek south of Chattanooga, and endured the fire of rebel shells and solid shot from batteries on our flanks and front for the space of about one hour's time. By this fire or by the fire of two guns of the Second Minnesota Battery, situated in rear of our right flank, 2 sergeants and 4 privates were wounded. The wound

