
of Sergeant Miller, of Company C, was terrible and mortal. He died in a few hours after. On that evening the regiment was retired to a better position, and a strong breastwork constructed on that night and the following day.

On Thursday a reconnaissance of the front was twice made by Major Stafford, Captain Hooker, with Company A, forming part, of his force on the last, and Captain Patterson, with company H, on the first occasion. The first was without loss, but the last cost the death of John McCarthy, private company a, and the wounding of John Shannon, also private of same company. The regiment continued in front till Friday evening, when it was ordered to the rear, and, after eight days and nights of duty under arms and under fire, was permitted to enjoy the rest it so much needed.

In all these varied duties of picket reconnaissance, skirmish, battle, and siege which the experience of these eight days covers, my command behaved admirably; always vigilant, patient, active, and brave. Officers and men deserved victory and obtained it, for they were successful throughout-uniformly so. Some cowards there were among us, it is true, but only enough to make brighter the example

of the brave men of the command.

To the officers and men of the regiment generally I tender my sincere thanks for their good conduct. To the valuable services of Major Stafford and Captain Trapp, the senior captain present, I am much indebted; both are experienced soldiers, of tried courage and

ability. The regiment sustained a heavy loss. First Lieutenant Jackson was killed by a grape-shot on Saturday night while gallantly waving his sword and encouraging his men. Captain Dornbush and First Lieutenant Grove were wounded seriously on Saturday afternoon. The latter rejoined his command on Sunday morning, but was unable to continue with it. Second Lieutenant Hallenberg, whose conduct is always admirable, was separated from his command in the pursuit on Sunday and wounded in the woods to our rear. He rejoined his company afterward, but was compelled to leave it on the retreat. Fourteen in all are known to have been killed, 80 are wounded, and 1 officer, First Lieutenant and Actg. Adjt. Charles N. many killed and wounded, and probably some prisoners. Among the killed are Sergt. Andrew Losh, Sergt. William B. Riddle, and Corpl. Robert M. Taylor, of Company G; Sergt. William D. Miller, Company C; Private J. H. Springher, Company I.

Privates Caleb Copeland, Company A, and John McCarthy, Company A, deserve special mention for their gallantry. We need not stint their praise. No after act can sully the brightness of the record they have left.

Please find accompanying list containing names of killed and wounded, marked A.* Thirty-eight prisoners were taken by my skirmishers on Saturday and turned over to the provost-marshal of the brigade.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully,

BASSETT LANGDON,

Lieutenant Colonel First Ohio Vol. Infantry, Comdg. Regt.

Captain FRANK P. STRADER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted; see revised statement, p. 174.

---------------

