
Sunday morning, September 20, 1863, at daylight, I received orders from Captain Strader, of brigade staff, to build breastworks connecting on my right with the Sixth Indiana. About 8 a.m. we were attacked by a large force; my regiment, with the Sixth Indiana, held their fire until the rebel lines were within 100 yards, when the Ninety-third Ohio and Sixth Indiana raised up and poured a volley into their front line (which was one of three) nearly demolishing it; nevertheless they pressed forward new lines, which met with the same fate. This engagement lasted one hour and a half. The enemy was completely routed with great slaughter, leaving his dead and wounded (which were numerous) on the field. Our skirmishers were pressed forward,a nd report finding at least 300 dead and wounded in front of the Sixth Indiana and Ninety-third Ohio, and a greater number of small-arms. The casualties of my regiment in this engagement were 5 wounded and 1 killed. Nothing more of importance occurring through the day until 3.30 p.m., the enemy again attacked us. We held them at bay for one hour, when it became necessary, by movements on other parts of the field, to fall back, which ended the fight for the day.

The casualties of my regiment in the two days' hard fighting were as follows, as near as opportunities would permit of ascertaining:

Commissioned officers wounded, 5 ; enlisted men killed, 15; enlisted men wounded and missing, 110. Aggregate, 130.

I cannot draw any line of distinction between the bravery of officers and men of my regiment. All stood up alike to the work before them. But cases present themselves of such a character that I must make special mention of them for their coolness, bravery, and determination, who were wounded slightly but remained with their companies and performed duty: Sergeant Holmes, Company B; Abia C. Zearing, Company B; John Sloan, Company B; John Drewry, Company B; Samuel Rohrer, Company B; Allen Dodge, corporal Company C; George Rosscoe, Company C; G. W. Gifford, John McClay, William Armstrong, and James M. Logan, of Company D; Sergt. John H. Parks, of Company D, I would mention especially on account of his gallant conduct in the hottest of the battle, he having to my knowledge two guns shot from his hands, two bullets passing through his hat, and one through the bottom of his pants, cutting his sock, and left the field with the regiment fully equipped;; Sergts. John H. Atherton, Company F; John Murphy and John Eberts, Company G; Chris. J. Sensenbaugh, Company I; Corpl. James E. Fairchild and Private David Kinsey, Company K. Private Kinsey deserves especial mention for gallant conduct while skirmishing, capturing important maps and papers.

I cheerfully recommend Sergt. Major Oscar M. Gottschall for a commission; he was wounded by a piece of a shell, but was ever present and ready to do any duty he was called on to perform.

I could not help but notice the bravery and coolness of our brigade staff; wherever duty called they were present, rendering important aid in every instance.

Respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

WM. H. MARTIN.

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. 93rd Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain FRANK P. STRADER

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

