
little valley at the base of Sand Mountain, some delay having occurred in consequence of the giving way of the brigade.

On the 4th I ascended the mountain and encamped at Warren's Mill, about half way across.

On the 5th I descended the mountain and encamped near Trenton, Ga., in Ga., in Lookout Valley.

On the 6th I moved south and encamped at Colonel Easley's, 5 miles from Trenton.

On the 7th I moved to Stevens' Mill, a distance of 5 miles, where I remained during the 8th and 9th.

On the 10th I moved to Valley Head, ascended Lookout Mountain, and encamped at Indian Falls.

On the 11th I crossed and descended the mountain, and encamped at Alpine, in Broomtown Valley.

On the 12th I remained at Alpine .

On the 13th and 14th I recrossed Lookout Mountain and encamped again at Stevens's Mill.

On the 15th and 16th I recrossed Lookout Mountain at Stevens' Gap, and encamped at the base of the mountain, in McLemore's Cove.

On the 17th the division remained in line of battle during the day and night, the enemy having made demonstrations on my front, and the rest of the army having moved to the left.

On the 18th I marched to the left, encamping at Lee's Mill, on the extreme right of the army. During the night of the 18th I followed the army to the left, camping at Pond Spring.

On the 19th I was again ordered to resume the march, coming into line of battle at Crawfish Spring.

Immediately after forming my line, I was ordered to hold the ford at Gordon's Mills with my whole division, the troops on my left having moved to the left, and again isolating me.

In a short time after occupying the position at Gordon's Mills, and after having driven the enemy's skirmishers from my immediate front, I was directed to support General Crittenden with two brigades of my division.

Moving rapidly to the left, I came in to the support of Generals Wood and Davis, who were being hard pressed and their troops nearly exhausted. The brigade of Colonel Bradley, consisting of the Twenty-second, Twenty-seventh, Forty-second, and Fifty-first Illinois, was hastily formed, and gallantly drove the enemy from the open ground and across the Chattanooga and La Fayette road, after a sanguinary engagement, in which it recaptured the Eighth Indiana Battery, which had previously been captured by the enemy, and captured a large number of prisoners belonging to Hood's division, of Longstreet's corps.

While Colonel Bradley was thus driving the enemy, Colonel Laiboldt, with his brigade, formed upon his right. Darkness coming on, the opposite line down upon their arms, ready to renew the contest in the morning.

In this engagement Colonel Bradley received two severe wounds while gallantly leading his brigade. Lieutenant Moody, his acting assistant adjutant-general, was mortally wounded at the same time.

About 11 o'clock that night I was again directed to move to the left and occupy a position at Glenn's house. This was successfully accomplished by strengthening the picket lines and moving the bri

