
driven, and that I was completely cut off, I then determined to connect myself with the troops of General Thomas by moving on the are of a circle until I struck the Dry Creek Valley road, by which I hoped to form the junction. In the mean time I was joined by a portion of the division of General Davis under command of General Carlin, and a number of stragglers from other divisions.
On reaching the Dry Creek Valley road I found that the enemy had moved parallel to me and had also arrived at the road, thus preventing my joining General Thomas by that route. I then

determined to move quickly on Rossville and form a junction

with him on his left flank via the La Fayette road. This was successfully accomplished about 5.30 p.m. Before undertaking this movement I disencumbered myself of sixteen pieces of artillery, forty-six caissons, one entire battery, and a portion of another battery, belonging to other divisions, which I found in wild confusion and collected where I first reformed my lines.

After forming the junction with General Thomas on his left, his command was ordered to fall back to Rossville, and I was directed to fall back to the same place, where the rested during the night.

On the 21st I formed my command in line of battle at Rossville, and remained in that position until during the night of that day, when I fell back to Chattanooga, forming the rear guard of our corps.

The above is a brief narrative of the operations of my division, which numbered before going into action on the 19th about 4,000 bayonets.

The battle of the 20th was fought under the most disadvantageous circumstances, without time being given to form line of battle, without supports, and contending against four or five divisions. The division gave up its ground after a sanguinary contest, with a loss of 96 of its gallant officers and 1,421 of its brave men.

Among the killed early in the engagement of the 20th was Brigadier General W. H. Lytle, who was three times wounded, but refused to leave the field. In him the country has lost and able general and the service a gallant soldier.

Colonel Bradley, commanding my Third Brigade, who had greatly distinguished himself, was twice severely wounded in the action of the 19th; Colonel Laiboldt, commanding my Second Brigade, behaved with conspicuous gallantry in the action of the 20th. I respectfully recommend both of these officers for promotion.

Colonel N. H. Walworth, Forty-second Illinois, succeeded Colonel Bradley in the command of the Third Brigade, and Colonel Silas Miller, Thirty-sixth Illinois, succeeded General Lytle in the command of the First Brigade. They both behaved with great skill and bravery.

The following regimental officers were especially distinguished: Colonel J. F. Jaquess, Seventy-third Illinois, for skill exhibited and great personal courage-he is almost the only officer left with his regiment, 17 of them having been either killed or wounded; Colonel W. W. Barrett (Forty-fourth Illinois), Lieutenant Colonel John Weber (Fifteenth Missouri), Lieutenant Colonel John Russell (Forty-fourth Illinois), and Lieutenant Colonel J. I. Davidson (Seventy-third Illinois) were all wounded; Major J. Leighton, Forty-second Illinois, was killed on the 19th, and Colonel W. B. McCreery, Twenty-first Michigan killed on the 20th; Major Smith, Seventy-third Illinois, killed; Major S. Johnson, Twenty-second Illinois, mortally wounded; Lieutenant Colonel T. S. West, Twenty-fourth Wisconsin, wounded and captured; Lieutenant-Colonel

