
Wells, Twenty-first Michigan, killed; Colonel J. R. Miles, twenty-seventh Illinois; col. Joseph Conrad, Fifteenth Missouri; Lieutenant Colonel S. B. Raymond, Fifty-first Illinois; Major H. A. Rust, Twenty-seventh Illinois; Lieutenant Colonel J. A. Hottenstein, commanding Forty-second Illinois; Lieutenant Colonel F. Swanwick, commanding Twenty-second Illinois; Lieutenant Colonel W. A. Schmitt, Twenty-seventh Illinois; Major Arnold Beck, commanding Second Missouri; Lieutenant Colonel A. S. Chadbourne, commanding Eighty-eight Illinois; Major Chandler, Eighty-eighth Illinois; Lieutenant col. P. C. Olson, commanding Thirty-sixth Illinois; Major George D. Sherman, Thirty-sixth Illinois, and many other officers of lesser grades, whose names cannot be given without undue length to this report.

I respectfully bring to the notice of the general commanding the following officers of my staff; Surg. D. J. Griffiths, medical director;Major F. Mohrhardt, topographical engineer; Captain H. Hescock, chief of artillery, who was probably wounded and fell into the hands of the enemy; Captain George Lee, assistant adjutant-general; Captain A. F. Stevenson, inspector; Captain W. L. Mallory, commissary of subsistence; Captain P. U. Schmitt, acting assistant quartermaster; Captain J. S. Ransom, provost-marshall; Lieutenant A. J. Douglass, ordnance officer; Lieutenants F. H. Allen, M. V. Sheridan, and T. W. C. Moore, aides-de-camp, and Lieutenant J. van Pelt, acting aide-de-camp, all of whom rendered me valuable service, both on the march and in action. After the death of General Lytle, Colonel J. F. Harrison, volunteer aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant Alfred Pirtle, aide-de-camp, of his staff, reported to me for duty, and subsequently behaved very handsomely.

The total casualties-officers and men-in this division are as follows:

Killed, 152; wounded, 1,037; captured, 328. Total 1,517.* Of the 1,037 wounded, 325 were left in the hospital at Crawfish Spring and fell into the hands of the enemy.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel G. P. THRUSTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, and Chief of Staff, 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 122.

Report of Colonel Silas Miller, Thirty-sixth Illinois Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., THIRD DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, Tenn. September 28, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade since crossing the Tennessee River:

The command crossed at Bridgeport, Ala., about noon on Wednesday, September 2, 1863, and remained in Hog Jaw Valley, at the foot of Sand Mountain, until afternoon of the 4th, when it moved up the mountain and back 5 miles, camping at Warren's Mill.

Saturday, 5th, marched early, passing down the mountain and camping at Trenton, Ga.

Sunday, 6th, moved at 12m., 5 miles up the valley.

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 175

---------------

