
At 5.30 on the morning of the 7th marched 6 miles up the valley, camping at Benham's, 11 miles from Trenton. Remained there until the morning of the 10th, then marched 15 miles, via Winston's, to Little River Falls, on Lookout Mountain.

September 11 moved at 6 a.m., passing down the mountain and camping at Alpine, Ga., in Broomtown Valley, where we remained until 3.30 p.m. of Sunday, the 13th, when the command., having been detailed as part of the rear guard of the corps train, moved to the foot of the mountain.

Monday, 14th, started up the mountain at 5 a.m., and after a tedious, dusty march, camped at Little River Falls.

Wednesday, 16th, moved at 5 in the morning in company with the Second Brigade, Second Division, making camp at Dougherty's Gap, 10 miles. 17th, marched along the ridge of the mountains and down Steven's Gap into McLemore's Cove, camping near the gap. 18th, moved cautiously, joining the division. The Eighty-eighth Illinois reconnoitered, under direction of General Sheridan, in advance of the column as far as Lee's Mill, at which place arrangements were made for camping, but at sunset the general sounded, and after a tedious night's march halted at Mitchell's, near Pond Spring.

At 11 a.m,. of the 19th the command moved toward Gordon's Mills, near which point the action was then in progress. This brigade was placed in position to hold the ford at the mills, the Eighty-eighth Illinois, Twenty-first Michigan, with two sections of the Eleventh Indiana Battery, being posted at the ford the Thirty-sixth Illinois and Twenty-fourth Wisconsin, with the remaining section, being farther to the left, near the barricade erected the previous night by the division of General Wood, on the chattanooga road near Chickamauga Creek.

Sunday, the 20th, at 3.30 a.m., the command moved via Chattanooga road, and by sunrise had taken a strong position near Lee's Mills, at the house occupied by General Rosecrans during the night as his headquarters. The battle having been some time in progress toward the left, at 11.30 a.m. this brigade was moved a short distance to the left, along the road, to occupy the ridge, supporting the Second Brigade. The Eighty-eighth Illinois and Thirty-sixth Illinois moved first, the Eighty-eighth on the right forming in doublequick time along the ridge to the right of the road under a heavy fire. They were almost immediately followed by the Twenty-First Michigan and Twenty-fourth Wisconsin, forming the second line; also by the battery, one section of which was posted with much difficulty near

the base of the ridge in rear of the left of the Thirty-sixth Illinois. This position was flanked by the enemy both on the right and left shortly after it was taken, and the fire poured in by the enemy from the flanks soon drove the first line form its place./ The second line advancing held the front oblique to the rear, protecting the flanks of the remaining line as well as possible. While rallying the men to the formation of this line our noble and beloved commander fell (two or three times wounded previously). During this action he had persistently refused to leave the field, but gallantly doing more than his duty to the men he loved, and who worshiped him, he sacrificed himself without reluctance. No words or eulogies of men can add any luster to his deeds of heroic daring or render more honored and revered among men the name and memory of William H. Lytle.

