
of the brigade staff after I came in charge was unexceptionable. Not having been in command during the heat of the action, I cannot speak of each separately.

After having reported to me, Lieutenant Turnbull, brigade inspector; Lieutenant Boal, topographical engineer; Lieutenant Jackson, provost-marshal; Lieutenant Pirtle, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant Eaton, aide-de-camp, signalized themselves by their usefulness and recklessness of danger in the performance of duty. Of Captain James A. Grover, assistant adjutant-general, I can speak from observation, during the heat of the action having continually found him in the thickest fire and wherever his presence was most needed in the action; also of Colonel J. F. Harrison, volunteer aide-de-camp to General Lytle. During the rallying for the formation of the second line, being wounded, he seized a stand of colors and, under the influence of his example, the men rapidly went forward, again forming under a terrible fire.

The greatest credit and highest praise of all is due to the enlisted men of the command.

Respectfully submitted.

SILAS MILLER,

Colonel 36th Ill. Vol. Inf., comdg. 1st Brig., 3rd Div., 20th A. C.

Captain GEORGE LEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.

Numbers 123.

Report of Major Seymour Chase, Twenty-First Michigan Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST MICHIGAN INFANTRY,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 28, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders I have the honor to report the part borne by this regiment in the action of the 20th instant at or near Crawfish Spring, Ga.

Before daylight on the morning of the engagement the regiment, under the command of Colonel William B. McCreery, took position on the extreme right of the brigade, near the house occupied the evening before by General Rosecrans as his headquarters. Here it remained, the men throwing up temporary breastworks, until about twenty minutes past 11 a.m., when it was ordered into action. Colonel McCreery, according to orders, moved by column of companies about 400 yards to the left and deployed it in line. Fixing bayonet on the double-quick, the regiment steadily advanced under fire to the crest of a small hill and took position on the extreme right of the brigade. Here the men were ordered to lie down until our troops in front could pass through to the rear.

As the enemy neared our position the regiment rose and poured a withering volley into them, which checked their advance for a time. At one time quite a large number of the enemy, who had worked around our right flank, were driven back in full retreat by the constant fire and unerring aim of Company A, armed with the Colt revolving rifle. A fresh regiment, however, appearing in their places . After a terrible congest of about twenty minutes, the right wing of the regiment was forced back, and the whole compelled to retire to escape capture.

