
At this time both colonel McCreery and Lieutenant-Colonel Wells, while encouraging the men, were badly wounded, and left on the field in the hands of the enemy. After falling back about half a mile the regiment was rallied and brought off the field in good order.

I take pleasure in mentioning the gallant conduct of Company B and Lieutenant C. E. Belknap, of Company H. They were thrown forward as skirmishers early in the morning in the corn-field directly in front of the first position taken by the regiment. When the regiment was ordered into action these skirmishers were not called in. Cut off from the main body of the command and attacked by an overwhelming force of the enemy, they rallied and made a stand behind the buildings before mentioned.

Here they held the enemy in check for nearly an hour, and successfully joined the regiment with the loss of but 1 man, and he killed instantly.

On account of the command not devolving upon me until the re-treat began, I cannot speak with accuracy of the orders received or whether they were implicitly followed.

Permit me to testify to the coolness and gallantry of both officers and men of the command. Every one seemed to know his whole duty, and I believe the loss of the regiment and the small number missing not known to be wounded, will show that each performed it. And particularly conspicuous for their courage and daring were the two colonels, McCreery and Wells, who left their bodies on the field to testify to their devotion and well-doing.

The casualties of the regiment were as follows: Known to be killed, 10, enlisted men; wounded and within and within or lines, 2 officers and 58 enlisted men; wounded and missing, 2, officers and 15 enlisted men; ;making a sum total of 7 officers and 99 enlisted men.

On the 24th instant we had 1 man mortally wounded by the explosion of a shell from the rebel battery on Lookout Mountain.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SEYMOUR CHASE

Major, Commanding Twenty-first Michigan Infantry.

Captain JAMES A. GROVER.

Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier 3rd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 124.

Report of Major Carl von Baumback, Twenty-fourth Wisconsin Infantry.

HDQRS. 24TH REGIMENT WISCONSIN VOL. INFANTRY

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the late engagements, September 19 and 20, before Chattanooga, viz:

On the morning of the 19th instant the regiment marched from camp near Pond Spring at 11 a.m., under the command of Lieutenant

Colonel T. S. West, to a short distance beyond Gordon's Mills, where it was formed in line on the right of the Chattanooga road, fronting the Chickamauga Creek, the right resting on the barricades built by

