
sumed command. I would also tender my thanks to Surg. H. E. Hasse for his care and attention to the wounded men.

Inclosing a list of the casualties,a nd tendering in behalf of the officers of the regiment my thank to Colonel S. Miller for his untiring exertions for our welfare and comfort, I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,

CARL VON BAUMBACH

Major, Comdg. Twenty-fourth Wisconsin Volunteers.

August GAYLORD,

Adjutant-General, State of Wisconsin.

Numbers 125.

Report of Captain Arnold Sutermeister, Eleventh Indiana Battery.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH INDIANA BATTERY,Chattanooga, October 2, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit to you according to your orders the following statement of the operations of this battery during September 19 and 20:

The battery started from the neighborhood of Joliet under the direction of Brigadier-General Lytle, commanding First Brigade, to Lee and Gordon's Mills, on Chickamauga Creek. From here we were ordered down the road toward our center, and the two 12-pounder sections were stationed on a little eminence commanding the fields beyond the stream, the rifle section kept in reserve. During the afternoon the 12-pounder sections were ordered back to Lee and Gordon's Mills, to guard the ford.

At 3 a.m. of the 20th the battery was ordered was off and took position in front of two log-houses occupied, I believe, by General McCook as his headquarters the previous day. Here we awaited the approach of the enemy till about noon, when we were ordered by General Lytle to fall in, in regular brigade order, and march with the brigade. Advancing at a round trot we soon reached a field, where I received orders to Station the battery, which was done at once, the rifle section taking the right.

After getting in position we had to remain inactive and wait till our scattered and retreating troops cleared the field; as soon as this was done we opened a rapid fire of canister on the enemy. Finding, however, that our infantry was nowhere supporting us, and the enemy drawing very close, I ordered the battery to limber up and retreat. At this moment the horses of the limbers of the rifle section were shot down, 5 drivers wounded, also several cannoneers. Lieutenant H. M. Williams, commanding the section, also disabled, and the section had to be abandoned. The two 12-pounder sections, as also all the caissons, came out safe with the loss of a few horses.

On the hill in rear of this position to which we retreated we opened fore once more, but were ordered by general officers to withdraw.

Soon after I received information that General Sheridan was forming a new line of battle, and I hastened to report to him, General Lytle having been killed; but I found that the divisions was retreating, and Captain Stevenson, inspector of Third Division, ordered me to follow with the battery. After a short march I rejoined our brigade.

