
Officers and men fought like soldiers, and to their bravery I have to give the credit of saving the two sections and bringing them out of that most unfavorable position in which they were placed.

The casualties during the battle are as follows.*

I also annex the loss of materiel and ammunition.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

A. SUTERMEISTER,

Captain, Eleventh Indiana Battery.

Colonel JAMES BARNETT,

Chief of Artillery, Department of the Cumberland.

[Inclosure]

LOSS OF MATERIEL.

Ordnance: Two 3-inch rifled guns, with all the the implements, as hand-spikes, prolonges, sponges, and rammers, water and tar buckets, sights, pouches, priming wires, punches, &amp;c., belonging to the section; 2 limbers for same ; 4 sets of lead harness complete, with blankets, now-bags, &c., belonging to it; 2 sets of wheel harness complete, with blankets, nose-bags, &c., belonging to it; 2 sergeant's saddles complete; 3 revolvers, with belts and pouches ; 2 sabers, with belts; 3 sponge buckets; 100 rounds of 3-inch rifled ammunition expended and lost; 20 rounds of 12-pounder ammunition, canister, expended.

Quartermaster stores: 19 horses, 20 shelter tents, 2 tarpaulins,

knapsacks, haversacks, and canteens.

A. SUTERMEISTER,

Captain, Eleventh Indiana Battery.

Numbers 126.

Report of Colonel Bernard Laiboldt, Second Missouri Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., THIRD DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,In Trenches before Chattanooga, September 29, 1863.

SIR: In compliance to circular from corps headquarters, I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the movements of my brigade since crossing the Tennessee River, and of the part it took during the late engagement:

After crossing the Tennessee River, on September 2, 1863. we proceed to Hog Jaw Valley, from where we ascended the Raccoon Mountain on the 5th and marched to Gunther's Mill.

On the 6th we marched over Trenton to Lookout Creek, and on the 7th to Steven's Mill on Stuart's Creek.

On the 10th we proceed through the Lookout and Will's Valleys to Rock Creek, and on the 11th reached Alpine, Ga.

On the 13th, returning wed crossed the Lookout Mountain and camped on Little River. Reached Stevens' Mill on the 14th. Left there at 2 p.m., on the 15th, and arrived at Johnson's Crook at 6 p.m. Ascending Lookout Mountain on the 16th, we took position

---------------

*Nominal list omitted; see revised statement, p. 175

---------------

