
in McLemore's Cove, which position we held till the 18th. Starting at 9 a.m. that day we marched to Lee's Mill and Pond Spring.

On the 19th we proceeded to Crawfish Spring, where we arrived about 1 p.m. My brigade was the first formed in line of battle on the crest of the hill, from where it was ordered to take position near Gordon's Mills, and to guard a ford of Chickamauga Creek. At about 4.30 p.m. my brigade was ordered to the battle-field to support General Davis.

On arriving there a line of battle was formed along a road and the regiment ordered to advance, but the enemy having already been driven by Colonel Bradley's brigade, my brigade took no further part in the struggle of that day, and kept their position until near daybreak of the 20th, when we were ordered to the extreme right of the right wing, where the brigade took a position on a hill near the Chattanooga road, having Colonel Bradley's brigade as reserve.

At 11.30 o'clock we were ordered toward the center to support General Davis, and took a very favorable position on the slope of a hill. After a short interval, when General Davis' division was already routed, Major-General McCook ordered the brigade to charge in rear of the flying troops, and promptly obeying the command the position on the hill slope was abandoned, and the regiments, with charged bayonets, rushed into the thicket of woods, parting them yet [farther] from General Davis' command, unable to fire effectually without injuring our own men. Thrown in confusion by the fleeing troops and finally exposed the the scathing fire of the enemy in front, as also a fire in the flank, my troops gave way, and after rallying them once more, but not being able to hold a position, I fell back to the mountains, where, after the lapse of about three quarters of an hour, I succeeded in collecting the remaining portion.

You will please find annexed the list* of casualties during the engagement.

In connection with the official report of the participation of my brigade in the late engagement, I have the honor to remark that the commanding officers of the Second Missouri Volunteers and the Seventy-third Illinois Volunteers make no especial mention in their respective reports of cases of courage and bravery, as, in their opinion, officers and men alike sustained their former reputation of true courage and unflinching valor.

The commanding officer of the Fifteenth Missouri Volunteers mentions especially his adjutant, First Lieutenant Friedrich Lipps, and the commanding officer of the Forty-fourth Illinois Infantry, Major Sabin; Captains Freysleben and Knappen, and acting adjutant, First Lieutenant Weyhrich, for gallant conduct. Lieutenant Schueler, commanding Batery G, First Missouri Artillery, mentions Second Lieutenant John Miller and Sergt. S. H. Jennings for brave behavior.

I take great pleasure to state that Lieutenant Colonel A. Beck, Second Missouri Volunteers; Colonel Conrad, Fifteenth Missouri Volunteers; Colonel Barrett, Forty-fourth Illinois Volunteers, and First Lieutenant Schueler, commanding Battery G, First Missouri Artillery, entitled themselves, by their unflinching courage and gallant behavior during the engagement, to the highest commendations. The company of sharpshooters (Captain Ernst) did the work assigned to them faithfully. While the members of my staff, Major Spinzig, brigade surgeon ; Captain Fuelle, acting assistant adjutant-general;

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 175.

---------------

