
Captain Morgan, brigade inspector; Captain Carroll, provost-marshal; Captain Gale, assistant quartermaster and commissary of subsistence, First Lieutenant Neudorff, aide-de-camp, and Second Lieutenant Heydtman, topographical engineer, merit my acknowledgment of their zeal and activity during the campaign and in battle, I feel it incumbent on my to especially mention Captain B. A. Carroll and Lieutenant Neudorff, whose untiring efforts in assisting me to rally the brigade, I shall always thankfully remember.

I have the honor to sign, your obedient servant,

B. LAIBOLDT,

Colonel, Comdg. 2nd Brig., 3rd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Captain GEORGE LEE,

Assistant Adjutant- General., 3rd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 127.

Report of Major Arnold Beck, Second Missouri Infantry.
HDQRS. SECOND INFANTRY MISSOURI VOLUNTEERS,Camp Lytle, near Chattanooga, Tenn., October 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to hereby most respectfully transmit to you a report inasmuch h as the Second Missouri Infantry Volunteers was concerned in the battle in front of Chattanooga. Tenn., September 19 and 20, 1863.

On the 19th the Second Infantry Missouri Volunteers, forming a part of the Second Brigade, Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps, was ordered by Colonel B. Laiboldt, commanding brigade, into position in the rear of the Third Brigade, Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps, which position,. without firing a shot, we maintained until the following morning, September 20, 1863. The regiment was then ordered to re-enforce a brigade of our corps. Having arrived into an open field on the left of General Johnson's division, line of battle was formed in rear of the Fifteenth Missouri Volunteers About fifteen minutes after being formed the command was given by Colonel B. Laiboldt to '"advance with charge bayonets," and arriving at the edge of the woods, about 1,000 yards in front of us, we were received by a terrific fire from the enemy.. Suffering very severely, we were obliged to fall back, leaving our dead and wounded on the field in the hands of the enemy. The Second Missouri, being in the rear of the brigade, had no chance whatever to return the fire of the enemy without running the risk of killing our own men. After several fruitless attempts to rally the men, I at last succeeded in doing so at a place about 1 mile from the battle-field, where we formed the remains of the division. I am sorry to be obliged to acknowledge to loss of 2 of our regimental flags, which,under the circumstances, could not bed avoided,a s the bearers and entire color guard were shot down at once, as also several others who attempted to take their places.

A special denomination of gallant conduct I do not make, as I feel confident every one did his duty to the full extent of this abilities.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARNOLD BECK,

Major Second Infantry Missouri Vols., Comdg. Regt.

Colonel JOHN B. GRAY.

Adjutant-General, State of Missouri/.

