
wheeling on the march to the right, a murderous fire received us. The rebel forces that had been engaged with the brigades to our right and left closed in on our flanks, keeping up a heavy fire, and still the men did not give way-not until we were nearly surrounded and the alternative was either to get killed or be taken prisoners; then the men retreated, abut still fighting. In going up the hill again the rebels had an excellent opportunity to do us much harm, which they failed not to improve. Their bullets swept the hill from three sides, and many of our brave men fell three, or were wounded and taken prisoners. I am, in much uncertainty as to the fate of many of my men, as the rebels held the field. Our division marched that night to Rossville, about 10 miles from the battle-field, where we arrived about 11 o'clock and encamped there.

Monday, the s we were all drawn up in line of battle, our division again on the extreme right, a renewal of the fight [being] again expected. Monday night the army fell back to Chattanooga, our brigade forming the rear guard. The retreat was successfully and safely accomplished. We reached Chattanooga at about 6 o'clock in the morning.

On Tuesday, the 22nd, our brigade was thrown again to the advance, and took position near the railroad and turnpike bridge over a creek, near its junction with the Tennessee River, at the foot of Lookout Mountain, which formed our right; which position wee still hold, my regiment having daily heavy picket duty to do. The men are all in good spirits ; they all know that the enemy failed din accomplishing. his object, and are willing and anxious to try the enemy again.

I have the honor to be, your excellency's most obedient servant,

JOSEPH CONRAD,

Colonel, Comdg. Fifteenth Regiment Missouri Infantry.

Governor H. R. GAMBLE,

Of Missouri.

Numbers 129.

Report of Lieutenant Gustavus Schueler, Battery G, First Missouri Light Artillery.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN.,

October 2, 1863.

SIR: I herewith submit a statement of the part taken in action of battery G, First Missouri Light Artillery, on September 20 (not having been in action on the 19th).

The battery being in position on the hills with the Third Brigade, the enemy approaching in strong force, attacking our division, I was ordered to report to Colonel Walworth, of the Forty-second Illinois Volunteers, commanding Third Brigade, which brigade left its position on the hills and formed on the edge of the corn-field to check the attack of the enemy, and just arriving there, the brigade met the enemy, who poured a deadly fire into our lines, and the battery came into action under a most destructive fire of musketry. During this engagement officers and men behaved bravely and cool, and particularly I have to mention Captain H. Hescock (who was taken prisoner in the engagement) and Lieutenant John Miller.

38 R R-VOL XXX, PT I

