
held the other road. The battery attached to this brigade (Captain Prescott's) was ordered by Captain Hescock, chief of artillery, to report to Colonel Laiboldt's brigade, and was posted by him in the rear of that brigade. It lost three guns and one caisson during the engagement. Three of the regiments, the Twenty-second Illinois, Forty-second Illinois,, lost nearly one-half of their whole force engaged in the two days' action. Major James Leighton, of the Forty-second Illinois, and Major Samuel Johnson,, of the Twenty-second Illinois, both fell gallantly fighting. Such men deserve the thanks of their country, if they live to receive them, or an honorable place in history should they die of their wounds. The former is still missing. To Colonel J. R. Miles, of the Twenty-seventh Illinois, to Lieutenant-Colonel Swanwick, of the Twenty-second Illinois, to Lieutenant-Colonel Raymond, of the Fifty-first, and to Lieutenant-Colonel Hottenstein, of the Forty-second Illinois, I owe my sincerest thanks for their ready co-operation and zeal. Lieutenant A. O. Johnson, Lieutenant L. Hanback, and Lieutenant C. Montague,, of my staff, all fearlessly and gallantly carried my orders under the heavy fire and assisted greatly in the operations of the brigade.

Of all the officers and men of this brigade I have to report that they did their duty, and although it was a repulse still it was before too great a force to permit of holding our position.

The subsequent movements of the brigade are those of the whole division.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. H. WALWORTH,

Colonel Forty-second Illinois, Commanding Brigade.

Captain GEORGE LEE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 131

Report of Colonel Jonathan R. Miles, Twenty-seventh Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. 27TH REGT. ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,THIRD BRIG., THIRD DIV., 20TH ARMY CORPS,

Chattanooga, Tenn, September 30, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by my regiment in the battles of the 19th and 20th instant on Chickamauga River and Missionary Ridge, Ga.

The regiment had, upon the morning of the 18th instant, been detailed to remain at Stevens' Gap until, the division train should make the descent of the Lookout Mountain then to constitute its guard while joining the division. The train was all down the mountain at 5 p.m. of said day and the regiment escorted it to the division (a distance of 4 miles), which was then just moving out; and the regiment took its place in the column and continued the march until 10 p.m., when it, together with all the other regiments of the division, bivouacked for the night, the regiment having marched 7 miles since last joining the division.

At 8 a.m., 19th instant, the regiment took its assigned position in the brigade column, and marched toward Crawfish Spring, Ga. (a point 8 or 9 miles distant), which place we reached at noon, having had a dusty, rapid, and necessarily fatiguing march, all the while

