
hearing heavy cannonading, and for the last 2 or 3 miles distinctly hearing musketry in the direction in which we were marching. Here we rested a half hour, then marched a mile to the top of a wooded hill, where we halted and lay in line of battle a half hour, when we again moved, and in an easterly direction, at a doublequick, about 1 mile to an open field, where we were placed in position, in which, however, we remained but a few minutes, when we were again put in motion, and marched 1 mile in a northerly direction (during the last half mile wounded men were continually passing us to the rear), which brought us in close proximity to the fierce battle then raging.

Our brigade was then formed in two lines, my regiment being the right of the front line, and the brigade was promptly and gallantly led forward by Colonel Bradley, Fifty-first Illinois Infantry., commanding, about 60 rods over an open field and up a gentle slope, where it met a fierce fire from the advancing enemy, whose advance was checked and they repulsed. Our front line was halted upon the eminence, where was posted the Eighth Battery Indiana Artillery, whose infantry support (troops not belonging to our division) had almost abandoned the position entirely. The artillerymen worked their guns for a few minutes after our arrival, but they soon entirely abandoned their pieces, although my regiment was at the time supporting them in an unbroken line. Their guns, four in number, were all secured by our brigade and taken to a place of safety, my own regiment assisting in the removal of three of them. The horses attached to a caisson became unmanageable, and wheeling around, ran across my line, dragging the caisson over and injuring 1 or 2 men thereby. The regiment was, by order lying flat upon the ground.

My regiment was in line upon said eminence about a half hour, delivering its fire and receiving a heavy fire from the enemy, when it was retired some 15 rods, just under the crest of the eminence, the firing having nearly ceased, and the Forty-second Illinois Infantry passed to our front and occupied the line from which we had retired.

In this action the regiment suffered the loss of 1 officer killed and 1 enlisted man killed, and 1 officer and 47 enlisted men wounded.

The regiment remained in position last described during the whole of the night of the 19th instant, which was freezing cold, so that the men lying upon their arms and without fires suffered severely.

At about 4.30 a.m., 20th instant, the regiment, as well as the brigade, retired from its position to a point about 1 mile to the left and rear upon a hill (where the entire division was assembled), where it remained until 9 a.m., when the sound of battle was heard and it was ordered to the foot of the hill on Rossville road, where it lay until 11 a.m., when, receiving orders, I marched it one-quarter of a mile by the left flank, then brought it by the right flank into line of battle, and it was instantly under a heavy fire. The right of the regiment rested at a log-house, near which was posted three guns of Battery G, First Missouri Light Artillery. In front of the six right companies was an open field and the four left companies were in thick woods and underbrush. The enemy advanced through the open field in heavy force, but were driven back in confusion by the battery and my regiment, and must have suffered very severely from our fire. After a time the enemy were seen to have broken through the lines of our forces upon the left of the regiment, and to have passed in force across the road and apparently up the ridge,

