
which movement of course, isolated my regiment from the main forces. At about 1.30 p.m., the regiment having held its original position in spite of many and desperate onslaughts (though no longer pressed), was retired to the summit of a hill one-eight of a mile to the rear, where it was reformed, and, in company with Colonel Wilder's mounted infantry (a portion of whom, it should be stated, had dismounted and formed upon our right near the said loghouse and assisted in repelling the assaults of the enemy), immediately started to effect a junction with our main forces.

The column, composed of Colonel Wilder's command, my regiment, a portion of the Fifty-first Illinois Infantry, under command of their major, and squads of the Twenty-second and Forty-second Illinois Infantry, also men from nearly every regiment in the division, making an aggregate of probably 600 (aside from Wilder's command) who joined my regiment and of whom I assumed command, was led by colonel Wilder, whose troops were remounted about 1 mile to the rear. We marched some 3 miles, when we came upon our division ammunition train, ambulance train, &amp;c., here we replenished our nearly empty cartridge-boxes from the ammunition train, and here we received information that Major-General Sheridan was about 1 1/2 miles distant, leading the majority of his command, and I should have immediately joined him had not Captain W. E. Merrill, chief topographical engineer, on Major-General Rosecrans' staff, earnestly advised, which also seemed to me decidedly necessary, that my command should guard the heavy and valuable train to a place of safety. I acted upon said advice, and, in accordance with my own views of duty, and marched my command abreast of the train to a point on the Chattanooga Valley road some 5 miles out from Chattanooga, where, the train being considered safe, I halted my command to Major-General McCook, at Chattanooga, for orders, sending Lieutenant Lewis Hanback, our brigade inspector, upon that duty. He returned at about 8 p.m. with orders from Major-General McCook that my command move to the tannery, 2 1/2 miles nearer to Chattanooga, and there bivouac for the night, which instructions were complied with, and at 10.30 p.m. we reached the place designated.

On the morning of the 21st instant, having learned the position

of the division, I sent Lieutenant Hanback to Major-General Sheridan for orders, and in response thereto was ordered to join the division at Rossville, 4 miles distant, which order was immediately obeyed, and at 10.30 a.m. I reported with my command at Rossville, there joining the brigade and division.

In the engagement Saturday evening, 19th instant, Captain W. S. Bryan, commanding Company I, was shot through the heart while he was, with true soldierly magnanimity and self-forgetfulness, assisting his mortally wounded orderly sergeant to retire from his advanced position, where he (sergeant) received his wound. I the death of Captain Bryan the service has lost a brave officer and the country a patriotic defender while his company and regiment are mourners. In the same action Captain A. J. Bozarth, Company K, was slightly wounded.

In the engagement of Sunday, 20th instant, Captain Horace Chapin,

commanding Company D, was shot in the ankle, and amputation of foot, it is feared, will be necessary. In the same engagement Captain L. French Williams, commanding Company C, was shot through the head, and the wound can hardly fail to prove mortal. In the

