
same engagement First Lieutenant Joseph Voellinger, Company A, received a musket shot just below the knee, breaking the bone, necessitating amputation of limb. Captain Williams and Lieutenant Voellinger were both taken to a field hospital,and are now in the hands of the enemy. In the same engagement Second Lieutenant Isaac. Nash, Company K, was struck by a fragment of shell, but is now doing duty. Captains Chapin and Williams and Lieutenant Voellinger are lost to the service, and it is but justice that I record the manly virtues of Captain Chapin, the endearing social qualities of Captain Williams and the faithful performance of duty by them all during a period of military service of more than two years, and particularly do I mention their intrepid and gallant conduct during the engagements of the 19th and 20th instant up to the moment of their receiving their respective wounds.

The losses of the regiment during both engagements are as follows, viz:

[Casualties.] 	 Commissioned	 Enlisted men	 Total

 officers

Killed	 1	 1	 2

Wounded	 5	 75	 80

Missing	 ---	 9	 9

Total	 6	 85	 91

Of the wounded doubtless several are already dead and others will die, while a large number are but slightly wounded.

The missing are mainly those who assisted the wounded to hospitals and remained to attend upon them, thus naturally falling into the hands of the enemy. The regimental ambulance and its driver on the 20th instant were captured.

Of the conduct of all the officers and men of my command during the battles aforesaid, it is fitting that I speak in terms of commendation and express my satisfaction for the firmness with which they stood at their posts and their efficiency in executing their respective duties. Where all performed their entire duty, it would be invidious to give any person especial prominence in this report.

Respectfully submitted,

J. R. MILES,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major S. L . COULTER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brig., 3rd Div., 20th Army Corps.

Numbers 132.

Report of Captain Mark H. Prescott, Battery C, First Illinois Light Artillery.

HDQRS. BATTERY C, FIRST ILLINOIS, LIGHT ARTILLERY,

Chattanooga, Tenn., October 2, 1863

COLONEL: In obedience to orders requiring a report of the operations of my battery during the engagements of the 19th and 20th

