
cars left at Winona, but my instructions to him, based on those of General Grant to me, were to run the cars beyond Grenada and into Memphis. The destruction of the bridges of the Yalabusha at Grenada made that impossible, and then it was too late to bring up the cars from Winona. These can be of little use to the enemy, as they cannot come below Durant, the road being useless thence to Jackson.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brig. General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Vicksburg, Miss.

[Instructions.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Camp on Black River, August 8, 1863.

Colonel E. F. WINSLOW,Fourth Iowa Cavalry:

SIR: In pursuance of Special Orders, No. 156, of the 6th instant, you will take command of the cavalry forces designated in these orders, and start on the 10th instant for the north.

You will strike for the lower Benton road, and follow it to Mechanicsburg, and thence to Yazoo City. There you will find a gunboat and a supply of provisions, with which you can replenish.

After a short rest, keeping well quiet as to your destination, proceed to Lexington, and thence strike the Great Central Railroad and ascertain if possible if the locomotives and cars belonging to the road are still above Grenada. At our last accounts there were between Grenada and Water Valley an immense number of locomotives (70) and near 500 cars.

If you find any locomotives below Grenada, you will endeavor to have them and all cars sent up to and above Grenada, and you will proceed to that place with your cavalry. General Grant has ordered a force from Memphis to meet you at or near Grenada. Communicate with them as soon as possible, and with your joint force use all possible efforts to get these cars and locomotives into Memphis.

I take it for granted that parties are now employed in repairing the track out from Memphis, and that you will find everything done on that end of the road.

You know that we have so crippled the road from Canton south that no railroad stock can be carried off by the enemy; and therefore we have no interest in destroying it, and therefore you will confine your labors and efforts to save it, by moving it toward and into Memphis.

You will find plenty of engineers and conductors whom you can employ, or,if necessary, use force to compel them to work their engines and trains.

I am satisfied all of Jackson's cavalry is at or near Brandon, east of the Pearl. If any detachments have been made they are toward Natchez. The Memphis forces will, of course, drive out of that neigh borhood all of Chalmers' men and other detachments of guerrillas, more intent on collecting conscripts than of fighting.

No matter which force you met, attack promptly and resolutely, and so handle your forces that they cannot count your number. Do not stay in Grenada, but occupy the bank of the Yalabusha, the other

