
instant, I have the honor herewith to transmit the following report:
On the morning of the 19th, being in camp on the Chickamauga Creek, I was ordered by Colonel Bradley, commanding Third Brigade, Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps, to take up line of march in rear of the Twenty-seventh Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers, and in advance of the Forty-second Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers. Having marched as far as Crawfish Spring the column was halted, where we rested about thirty minutes and again resumed the march. Having passed Crawfish Spring about 1 mile, I was ordered by Colonel Bradley to bring my guns into battery to the right of the road on a high point of timber commanding the east slope of the hill and within easy shelling distance of the woods in the valley in front of my present position.

I remained in this position some thirty minutes when I was ordered to limber up my pieces and fall in the rear of the Twenty-seventh Illinois Infantry, when we advanced to the front and took up line of battle on the right of Second Brigade, Third Division. Here, on a slight eminence in the open field, I was ordered by Colonel Bradley to bring my guns into battery, being in easy canister range of the Chickamauga Creek to my front and left oblique, remaining in this position some ten or fifteen minutes, when I was again ordered to limber up and take my original position in line of march. We then passed in rear of Second and First Brigades of Third Division and marched to the left. I was ordered to bring my guns into battery in the edge of the woods fronting an open corn-field. I remained in this position until the morning of the 20th ultimo, when, before daylight, I was ordered by Captain Hescock, chief of artillery, Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps, to quietly withdraw my battery and march about half a mile farther to the left and place my guns in battery on the right of the Second Brigade, Third Division, fronting to the south which I did and remained in this position some two or three hours, when I was ordered by Captain Hescock, chief of artillery, to limber up, have the cannoneers mount and move as rapidly as possible and take up position in the rear of General Davis' receive from Colonel Laiboldt, whose brigade (Second) was now in my immediate front.

The enemy was now pressing General Davis so hard that he was obliged to fall back. Colonel Laiboldt charged forward with his brigade, leaving me without orders what to do. I, however, brought my guns into battery, reserving my fire until I was sure that I should not fire into our own line, which by this time had become badly broken up. I fired some 8 or 10 rounds, when the line in front was so badly broken and the men were coming through my battery in such a confused mass that it was impossible to fire without killing our own men. The fire under which I was by this time exposed, receiving showers of bullets, from both my front and left flank, I thought it prudent to withdraw my battery to the next hill in rear of the present position. As soon as I had reached the crest of the hill I brought my guns into battery and fired some 6 or 8 rounds. Having no support and the enemy already upon me,

I limbered up and moved in a left oblique direction, when the wheel horses of the right piece of each section were shot down. I was obliged to abandon them and to save the other pieces, if possible, which I succeeded in doing. I reported as soon as possible with the remainder of my

