
battery to General Sheridan, who ordered me to fall into the column then marching in the direction of Chattanooga. I camped that night with the Third Brigade, Third Division, in camp near Chattanooga.

My officers and men all performed their duties well. Total expenditure in ammunition was 19 rounds. Loss in ammunition by being captured was 175 rounds. Had two rifled Rodman guns captured and one 12-pounder howitzer, three limbers lost, and the rear part of one caisson was lost by a tree falling across it. Twelve horses were also lost, and had 4 men wounded and none killed.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. H. PRESCOTT,

Captain Battery C, First Illinois Artillery.

Colonel N. H. WALWORTH,

Comdg. Third Brigade.

No. 133.

Report of Major General Thomas L. Crittenden, U. S. Army, commanding Twenty-first Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, October 1, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to directions from department headquarters, dated 25th ultimo, requiring me to forward as soon as practicable a report of the operations of my command during the late engagements, including a brief history of its movements from the time of crossing the Tennessee River up to the beginning of the battle, I have the honor to report:

Fist. The movements of the Twenty-first Army Corps from the time of its crossing the Tennessee River, terminating on the morning of the 19th ultimo, when the battle of Chickamauga opened.

August 31.-My command stationed in Sequatchie Valley, at Pikeville, Dunlap, and Therman, respectively, excepting General Wagner's brigade, First Division, opposite Chattanooga, and General Hazen's at Poe's Tavern, the latter 15 miles north of Wagner, and both in Tennessee Valley. My command had been thus stationed since the 19th of August, having left Manchester, Tenn.,on the 16th of August, crossing the mountains at three different points, in obedience to orders received from department headquarters at 12.30 a.m. of the 16th. At 2.15 p.m. of this day I received your orders of the 30th, dated 12.30 p.m., to move my entire command, excepting the brigades of General Hazen and Wagner, as soon as practicable down the Sequatchie Valley, and to my troops at Bridgeport, Shellmound, and Battle Creek. Should Chattanooga be evacuated, Hazen and Wagner were to cross the river and occupy the place and close down upon our left. Colonel Minty, with his brigade of cavalry, and Colonel Wilder, with his brigade of mounted infantry, were to co-operate with Hazen and Wagner.

September 1.-My command all in motion. General Wood and his command arrived at Jasper. General Palmer within 3 miles of Jasper and General Van Cleve to within 5 miles of Dunlap.

