
September 2.-Received orders to cross the river with one brigade at Jasper crossing and one at Battle Creek. Other part of the command to follow as soon as the way is open.

Colonel Buell's brigade (First Division) marched at dark to Shellmound, where he crossed the river in flats during the night.

September 3.-General Wood, with his order brigade (Harker's), moved down early this morning to Shellmound, and was across the river, by 8 p.m., having been delayed till 2 p.m. by General Reynolds' train. Colonel Grose and his brigade (Palmer's division) moved down early this morning to Battle Creek, but were unable to secure the ferry, being used all day by General Brannan's division. General Cruft and his brigade (Palmer's division) was therefore ordered to Shellmound, and he, following close on General Wood, succeeded in crossing his command by 4 a.m. next day.

General Van Cleve with his two brigades arrived at Jasper and went into camp to await the crossing. Received from the general commanding orders for my movements and position after crossing the river, viz, to move up the Valley of Running Water Creek to Whiteside's, where I was to post one regiment, and send one division along the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad to the Trenton road, and to push forward as near to Chattanooga as practicable and threaten the enemy in that direction. The remainder of the command to occupy a position near the junction of the Murphy's Valley road with road marked on the map as "Good wagon road to Naylor's." The movement to be completed on the evening of the 4th instant.

September 4.-At 3.30 a.m. received word from General Cruft that his brigade was all over. Moved General Van Cleve down at once, and at 1 p.m. moved headquarters to Shellmound which crossed before night.

General Palmer succeeded in crossing with his one brigade at Battle Creek to-day. Thus the whole command was over the river.

September 5.-At 2.30 p.m., after having the command organized and in position, and with all of the ammunition and most of the transportation up, troops all moved out light to Whiteside's, General Wood in the advance, General Palmer center, and General Van Cleve rear, taking with them their ammunition trains; regimental and supply trains to move up at 5 a.m. to-morrow.

September 6.-Road up Running Water Creek rough but passable. At 9.30 a.m. I arrived at junction of Murphy's Valley and Nickajack roads, and encamped there as ordered, Generals Palmer and Van Cleve and their divisions following us, and General Wood and his division pursuing road up Running Water Creek and encamping 7 miles from Chattanooga, reporting that the enemy was close before him in force.

September 7.-Colonel Harker, with his brigade, made very satisfactory reconnaissance to spur of Lookout Mountain. Drove the enemy's pickets and light advance 2 miles, and returned by dark, believing the enemy to be in force in his front.

September 8.-Gave orders to make two reconnaissances to-morrow morning; the one up Lookout Mountain via Nickajack Trace, and for which General Beatty and his brigade were detailed, the other up same mountain to Summetown, for which Colonel Grose, and three regiments were detailed, both to unite if practicable on top of the mountain, and to start at or before day on the morrow.

September 9.-At 2.20 a.m. received dispatch from the general commanding the army, approaching the two reconnaissances ordered,

