
and directing that the whole command be held in readiness to move round the point of Lookout Mountain to seize and occupy Chattanooga in the event of its being evacuated; to move with caution and not to throw my artillery around the point of Lookout Mountain till I am satisfied that the evacuation is not a ruse. Should I occupy Chattanooga, I am to order General Wagner and all his force across to join me.

At 5.45 a.m. further dispatches from department headquarters, apprising me of the evacuation of Chattanooga and ordering that the whole command be pushed forward at once with fire days' rations, and to make a vigorous pursuit. This latter dispatch was too late to stop the reconnaissances ordered, but I lost no time in putting the balance of the command in motion and arrived at Chattanooga with General Wood's division at 12.30 p.m., having taken peaceable possession of same.

It was nightfall, however, before the troops were well up, owing to the great delay in getting the artillery and ammunition train up this very rough and precipitous hill. It was thus impossible to make any pursuit to-day. I, however, ordered Generals Palmer and Van Cleve to turn off south after having passed the spur of Lookout

Mountain and encamp at Rossville, distant 5 miles from Chattanooga.

General Wood I placed in command of the town.

At 2.15 p.m., received further instructions from department headquarters ordering me to leave a light brigade to hold Chattanooga, and with the balance of my command to pursue the enemy with the utmost vigor. The line of march will probably lead me near Ringgold, and from thence in the vicinity of Dalton.

September 10.-Generals Palmer and Van Cleve with their divisions ordered to make vigorous pursuit early this morning, marching on road from Rossville to Ringgold, thence to Dalton. General Wood, after leaving one brigade at Chattanooga, to follow with his two brigades in the same direction. General Wagner with his brigade having crossed during the night, was left as post commander. At 4 p.m. received report from General Palmer that owing to want of supplies, troops only marched 6 miles, the advance encamping on Chickamauga Creek, 5 miles from Ringgold. The rear, General Wood, and Pea Vine Creek, 2 miles to rear of advance; also, that the enemy's cavalry was in his front and that a portion of it had charged his advance; rode over four companies of the First Kentucky Infantry and captured 50 men and 2 officers, without any one on either side being hurt. At night received from the front several reports going to show that the enemy was in force this side of La Fayette and threatening to retake Chattanooga.

September 11.-At 1 a.m. the general commanding, feeling uncertain as to the position and strength of the enemy in our front, ordered me to proceed to the front at once. Was misled by the guide, and did not reach my command till 6 a.m.,and 2 of my orderlies on duty with Captain McCook in search of me, thinking I had taken the wrong road, were captured, he narrowly escaping. Early in the morning Colonel Harker, with his brigade, was moved back to Rossville, and by night made a reconnaissance up the Rossville road as far as Gordon's Mills, driving squads of the enemy before him. At 2.30 p.m. gave General Wood his orders, through one of my staff, who received them in person from department headquarters, to move his other brigade at once to Gordon's Mills to support Colonel Harker, and at 5 p.m. my staff officer reported to me at Ringgold. My entire

