
the road along the Valley of Chattanooga Creek, and also that running up the Valley of West Chickamauga Creek, and to send Wilder with his command up Chattanooga Creek to feel his away carefully, and who is to join General Thomas as soon as possible the latter ordering me to hold myself in readiness to execute to-night the orders sent me at 12.20 to-day.

September 14.-At 6.30 a.m. received dispatch from Colonel Goddard, stating that it was the intention of the general commanding that I should move before daylight to Missionary Ridge, and that it was perhaps his unfortunate wording that prevented it. I at once commenced the movement. In the night Colonel Minty, with the balance of his cavalry brigade, reported for duty. I sent him in the rear of my two divisions; Wilder, with his command, I sent to join General Thomas, then in Chattanooga Valley. Arrived at the position soon after 9 a.m. and staid there all day, being unable to have communication with department headquarters. Saw nothing of the enemy. At 7.40 p.m. received orders to return with the command, placing it at Crawfish Spring and along the Chickamauga Valley near Gower's. Too late to make the movement to-day.

September 15.-The two divisions moved, as directed last night, the left, Van Cleve's division, at Crawfish Spring; right, Palmer's near Gower's, and supported of its right by the Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry. Balance of the command, under Minty, sent to reconnoiter the whole front and left. At 11.30 p.m. Colonel Minty reported that the enemy was in force at Dalton, Ringgold, Leet's, and Rock Spring Church.

September 16.-Nothing occurred of peculiar interest this say except that department headquarters were established at Crawfish Spring. At 9.30 p.m. received orders to issue to the men three days' rations in haversacks and 20 rounds of ammunition in the pocket of each man, in addition to having his cartridge-box full. There are indications that the enemy is massing for an attack on our left.

September 17.-General Thomas, with his corps, arrived on our lines to-day. In afternoon moved General Palmer's division farther to the left, in order to make room for General Thomas' troops and to concentrate my own. Toward dark, in obedience to orders, moved corps headquarters to vicinity of department headquarters.

September 18.-At 10.30 a.m. General Wood, holding position on Chickamauga at Gordon's Mills, sent in word that a strong force of skirmishers was advancing on his left. Soon after another of his staff rode up reporting his line very thin and asking for a brigade. At 11 a.m. a third and Van Cleve's left. At 11.45 a.m. an orderly came reporting that the enemy-infantry, cavalry, and artillery-were advancing on the La Fayette road. At same moment General Van Cleve was moving up to General Wood's left and General Palmer was ordered to take Van Cleve's position on Wood's right. At 3.45 p.m. Colonel Wilder sent word that Colonel Minty, with his cavalry, after being re-enforced with two regiments of his, is falling back; that the enemy is getting in his (Wilder's) rear, and that he is also falling back on Wood. No firing to be heard. In afternoon Palmer was ordered up to from on the left of Van Cleve's new position on line of the Chickamauga River, which, from Gordon's Mills, runs in an easterly direction, whilst the road to Chattanooga, via Rossville, is nearly north and south. We hold the river at Gordon's

