
interruption. I hesitated but for a moment as to whether I should weaken myself by sending aid to Major-General Thomas, who, having passed to my rear, was already engaged to my left. All being quiet on my front, I ordered Major-General Palmer to the support of Major-General Thomas. I at once informed the general commanding the army of this movement, who approved of it in his note of 12.20 p.m., when he informed me that, from present appearances, General Thomas will move en echelon, his left advanced threatening the enemy's right.

At 11.20 I received a note from Captain Willard, aide-de-camp to Major-General Thomas, dated McDaniel's [McDonald's] house, September 15 (intended for 19th), 10.45 stating that if another division can be spared it would be well to send it up without any delay. At the time of the receipt of this note I heard very heavy musketry in the direction of Major-General Palmer, then advancing to the fight, and I at once sent Major Mendenhall, my chief of artillery, and Colonel McKibbin, of General Rosecrans' staff, to see Major-General Palmer and learn particulars. They returned quickly without seeing him, having been halted and shot at by the enemy, which led me to believe that Major-General Palmer was not only fighting in his front, but was attacked in his rear and perhaps surrounded. I at once dispatches Lieutenant-Colonel Lodor, my inspector-general, and Colonel McKibbin to department headquarters (which at this time had been moved to the Widow Glenn's, distant about a mile from my position) to report facts and ask permission to bring up Brigadier-General Van Cleve to support Major-General Palmer, as I was then well satisfied that the enemy was crossing the Chickamauga at several points,and at one near my position. During their absence I sent to Brigadier-General Van Cleve to move up to where I then was stationed, and just at the time of his arrival Lieutenant-Colonel Lodor returned with permission to send Brigadier-General Van Cleve in, which I immediately did. He brought with him but two brigades, Brigadier-General Beatty's and Colonel Dick's, leaving his Third Brigade, Colonel Barnes, in position on the left of Brigadier-General Wood.

At 12 m. I received your note of 11.10 a.m. ordering me to send Colonel Minty with his cavalry brigade to Chattanooga, and to report for orders at Widow Glenn's, which I at once complied with. It was then stationed in the woods in reserve.

At 12.50 p.m. I received a note from General Palmer, dated 12.35 p.m., stating that his "division was just going in; enemy said to be in heavy force; fight is raging,but principally on his left flank."

At 1.15 p.m. I wrote to Brigadier-General Wood, reporting the heavy fight that Van Cleve and Palmer were hotly in, and that he must look out for his left.

I then sent Colonel Starling, my chief of staff, to department headquarters, reporting Brigadier-General Van Cleve heavily in the fight, and asking that I might move Brigadier-General Wood up to assist. He shortly returned with the request granted, and I dispatched Major Mendenhall to bring him up. The enemy appeared to have troops enough to fight us everywhere,and to fill up every interval as soon as my divisions passed.

At 2 p.m. I received your dispatch of 1.45 p.m., advising me that you had ordered Major-General McCook to relieve me, to take command of my corps, and to make the best dispositions possible; also,

