
that Major-General Sheridan would come in if necessary on my right, and to take care of my right.

On receipt of this note, the firing having ceased for a time, I immediately rode rapidly to headquarters, hoping to get final instructions before Brigadier-General Wood's command arrived, and returned just as General Wood with his two brigades came up to a position that Brigadier-General Davis, of Major-General McCook's corps, was fighting over on the right of Brigadier-General Van Cleve. Colonel Barnes' brigade, Brigadier-General Van Cleve's division had been left back with General Wood; it came up just in advance of General Wood's two brigades, and had gone into position through the woods to the right of Brigadier-General Davis.

I rode forward to a battery which I understood belonged to General Davis, where I was told I would find both him and General Wood; neither of them was there, and I rode back in search of General Wood. I had instructed Lieutenant-Colonel Starling to say to General Wood, that in coming to the field he might have an opportunity, by leaving the road before he reached our position and moving to his right, to strike the enemy on the flank. I should regret that I had not sent an order instead of a mere suggestion but that the commanding general condemned the movement when I informed him that I had suggested it to General Wood. Colonel Barnes moved in this direction and Colonel Harker, of General Wood's division was going into position on the right of Colonel Barnes when Lieutenant-Colonel Starling, chief of staff at the solicitation of Brigadier-General Davis, who was then being pressed by the enemy, recalled Colonel Harker, and in this way he was brought down the road beyond the position that Colonel Barnes had taken in the woods on General Davis' right, and Colonel Buell with his brigade followed after Colonel Harker.

General Wood reached the field but a short time before the enemy attacked our right, on Saturday evening, and had General Wood been in the position I suggested, he would have been on the flank of the enemy, and, I think, would have punished him severely.

Colonel Buell went into position just off the road on the right and to the rear of Brigadier-General Davis' battery which was firing across an open field at the enemy in the woods, who could be plainly seen by their bayonets glistening. In the meantime General Wood, with Harker's brigade, had passed still farther down the road and went into position on Colonel Buell's left, striking the woods as he left the road. In Colonel Buell's front there was a large gap in the woods recently a corn-field.

The enemy in Colonel Buell's front came out at this, and he, with his men, lying down supporting General Davis' battery, fell back in some confusion. All crossed the road; thence across another open field, in which I and my staff were on a high point, when they came into the woods again, along the edge of which Colonel Wilder, with his brigade was lying. His men soon opened fire, and when I ordered the artillery that was at hand to be put in position along the edge of the woods, under the superintendence of Major Mendenhall, he opened fire rapidly from twenty-six guns, and soon checked and drove the enemy to the cover of their own woods. Our loss in this brief conflict was quite severe. Brigadier-General Wood and Colonel Buell were present and were very active in rallying the men and restoring them to order.

Soon after accomplishing this, Colonel Buell's brigade again advanced

