
Brigadier-General Carlin and his command co-operating, and reoccupied their former position. About this time General Sheridan came up through the woods I was in, and promptly sent in a brigade to support these troops.

Soon after I received your note of 3.45 p.m., at 4.35 p.m., stating that Davis was heavily pressed,and ordering me to assist him if I could with some of my command. At 4.45 p.m. I received your note of 3.10 p.m., stating that Johnson was driving the rebels handsomely in the center; that he had taken many prisoners, and expected to drive the enemy across Chickamauga to-night.

Colonel Barnes, with his brigade, I had heard from, as being in a commanding position, and in good order. Generals Palmer and Van Cleve I had not heard from since they went in. Night was coming on, and I left for department headquarters, where after sitting in council with the general commanding the army, other corps commanders and some general officers, I received at midnight the following order:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Widow Glenn's House, September 19, 1863-11.20 p.m.

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to inform you that General McCook has been ordered to hold this gap to-morrow, covering the Dry Valley road, his right resting near this place, his left connecting with General Thomas' right. The general places your corps in reserve to-morrow, and directs you to post in on the eastern slope of Missionary Ridge to support McCook or Thomas. Leave the grand guard from your command out, with instructions to hold their ground until driven in and then to retire slowly, contesting the ground stubbornly.

I proceeded at once to move General Wood back to the reserve position, leaving the grand guards as directed, and by daylight, 20th September, found General Van Cleve in the valley very near his new position. Major-General Palmer, with my strongest division, having been sent to Major-General Thomas the day before, was to remain with him. About 8 or 9 o'clock on the morning of the 20th I was ordered to move General Wood's division up to a position in front, which had been occupied by General Negley, and to keep General Van Cleve in reserve and in supporting distance of General Wood. This order had been executed but a short time when I was ordered to move General Van Cleve, with two brigades (his other brigade having been sent with General Wood, who otherwise could not have filled the place General Negley occupied), several hundred yards to the left, and some 200 yards to the front. His guns were placed in position on the crest of the ridge, and his command placed near the foot of the slope, formed in column doubled on the center, and halted. The general commanding the department was at this time in the field near by.

I was now ordered to move General Van Cleve directly to the front to take part in the battle now raging in that direction. The order was immediately given, and I said to the commanding general as this was the last of my corps not already disposed of, I should accompany it. I rode immediately after Brigadier-General Van Cleve, whose troops were already in motion. On reaching the woods I was surprised to find General Van Cleve's command halted; on inquiry I was informed that General Van Cleve had run up on General Wood's command. I directed him to take ground to the left, to pass through the first interval he could find, and engage the enemy. At this moment an officer rode to me from General Thomas,

39 R R-VOL XXX, PT I

