
Cruft, Brig. General W. B. Hazen, and Colonel William Grose, commanding the brigades of this division.

With pride I point to the services of Birg. General H. P. Van Cleve and his gallant division, which followed General Palmer into the fight. With daring courage they attacked the enemy on Saturday, capturing a battery, from which, however, they were driven by overwhelming numbers, but rallying they maintained themselves, and soon again advancing captured another battery, which they brought off.

With pride I mention the name of Brig. General Samuel Beatty for his conduct on this occasion.

On this day, and, indeed, whenever he was engaged, General Van Cleve's command was but two small brigades; his largest brigade, Colonel Barnes commanding, being detached. The accidental and unavoidable disaster of Sunday, which threw out of the fight altogether five regiments, cannot tarnish the fame of this division. Such was the conduct of this part of my command, all of which has been published to the country as having "disgracefully fled from the field."

With pride I point to the services of Brigadier-General Wood and his gallant command. The last of my corps ordered to the scene of conflict, they became engaged almost at the very moment of their arrival.

Unexpectedly run over by a portion of our troops, who were driven back upon them, the brigade of Colonel Buell was thrown into confusion, and borne along with the fleeting for a short distance, but were soon and easily rallied by General Wood and Colonel Buell, and though the loss had been very heavy for so short a conflict, these brave men were led back by their division and brigade commanders to the ground from which they had been forced.

On Sunday, when our lines were broken, Brigadier-General Wood, with the brigades of Colonels Harker and Barnes and that part of Colonel Buell's brigade not cut off by the enemy, reached Major-General Thomas,as ordered, and participated in the battle of the day with honor to themselves. Such was the conduct of this, the last part of my command, all of which has been published to the country as having "disgracefully fled from the field."

With pride I most respectfully call attention to the brilliant conduct of Colonel C. G. Harker, commanding Third Brigade of Brigadier-General Wood's division. On Saturday evening he skillfully avoided being thrown into disorder; with good judgment pressed the enemy, captured near 200 prisoners, and withdrew his command in good order. On Saturday he equally distinguished himself by the skill with which he managed his command and more than all by the gallantry with which he fought.

It is proper that I should mention the conduct of Colonel Barnes, commanding Third Brigade of Brigadier-General Van Cleve's division, for his conduct on Saturday evening. Colonel Barnes was at this time separated from his division, and in the fight of Saturday evening was posted on our right. He had a very severe engagement with a superior force, and, in my judgment, prevented the enemy from attempting to turn our right at this time by the firmness with which he fought. He suffered a severe loss, but withdrew his command in good order before night. The names of those in this corps who particularly distinguished themselves have been mentioned by their respective commanders,and I most earnestly commend them to the commanding general and the Government.

