
With deep sorrow, yet not unmixed with pride, I call attention to the terrible list of casualties, amounting to nearly 28 per cent., of my entire command. The tabular statement herewith inclose, will show how small a proportion of this percentage is missing or unaccounted for.

For a more detailed account of the operations of my command in this campaign I refer you to the able reports of division, brigade, and regimental commanders. I also inclose report by Major Mendenhall of the operations of the artillery of this corps.

Captain Bradley, Sixth Ohio Battery, acted with great energy and effect in repelling the advance of the enemy on Saturday; and Captain Swallow, with his battery, and Lieutenant Cushing with his (Company H, Fourth Artillery), acted with great coolness and decision, saving nearly all their pieces on the ridge (Sunday) while the enemy was among them. Of the artillery commanders in the Second Division-Captain Standart, Captain Cockerill, Lieutenant Russell, and Lieutenant Cushing-I refer to Major-General Palmer's very honorable mention of their conduct throughout both days' fight.

My warmest thanks are due to my staff. Lieutenant Colonel Lyne Starling, chief of staff, as always on the battle-field, was courageous and active. Captain P. P. Oldershaw, assistant adjutant-general, discharged his duties with promptness and ability, displaying both coolness and bravery, and who has earned and deserves promotion. Of Lieutenant-Colonel Lodor, inspector-general of the corps, I can say no more than that he was as brave, as active, and as useful as at Stone's River. Major Mendenhall, chief of artillery of the corps, has fairly earned, and I hope will receive, promotion. My aides-de-camp-Major L. M. Buford, Captain George G. Knox, and Captain John J. McCook-were active and attentive to their duties, freely exposing themselves throughout the battles.

I call particular attention to the efficiency and good judgment of the medical director of the corps, Surg. A. J. Phelps. By his judicious arrangements nothing that could be done for our wounded was neglected.

Asst. Surg. B. H. Cheney, medial purveyor of the corps, managed his department creditably.

Lieutenant Colonel A. Sympson, quartermaster, and Lieutenant Colonel G. C. Kniffin, commissary of subsistence of the corps, were not on the field, but were where I ordered them, performing their duties, as always, effectively, in their respective departments.

Captain Henry Kaldenbaugh, my very efficient provost-marshal, aided very materially in facilitating the movements of ambulances during the battles and in the removal of the wounded from the field.

Captain William Leonard, Lieutenant Burch Foraker, and Lieutenant C. H. Messenger, of the signal corps, were with me frequently during the battles and made themselves useful.

It gives me much pleasure to call attention to Captain Sherer, Lieutenant Harvey, and the company they command, as my escort. To habitual good conduct in camp they have added good conduct on the field of battle; also to John Adkins, Company D, Second Kentucky Volunteers, senior clerk in the assistant adjutant-general's office, who remained on the field with my staff both days' and aided as much as any one in rallying the men. He is a good clerk, well

