
No such court has been convened, and none, so far as they have learned, has yet been ordered. They have no doubt that the result of a fair investigation will not only exonerate him from all censure but brighten his fame.

The soldiers of Kentucky in the field demand his trial.

Be it therefore resolved by the General Assembly of the Commonwealth of Kentucky. That the President of the United States be, and is hereby, respectfully requested to convene a court for the investigation of the conduct of Major-General Crittenden at the earliest possible day.

Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be forwarded to the President of the United States, and to each of our Senators and Representatives in Congress.

H. TAYLOR,

Speaker of the House of Representatives.

RICHARD P. JACOB,

Speaker of the Senate.

Approved December 14, 1863.

THO. E. BRAMLETTE,

Governor.

A copy.

Attest:

E. L. VAN WINKLE,

Secretary of State.

[Indorsements.]

JANUARY 5, 1964.

I ask the respectful attention and consideration of the Secretary of War and General-in-Chief.

A. LINCOLN.

Referred to Major-General Halleck, with directions to detail a Court of Inquiry as speedily as possible.*

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

No. 134.

Report of Surg. Alonzo J. Phelps, U. S. Army, Medical Director.
HDQRS. 21ST ARMY CORPS, MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 29, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the medical department of this corps previous to and at the battle of the Chickamauga:

Before leaving Murfreesborough, in June last, this corps was placed in a good and effective condition to meet the enemy; the train of 10 wagons for reserve hospital supplies had been replenished, each regiment was supplied with 1 good ambulance, and each division with 30 additional ambulances, every 10 of which were placed under the charge of an ambulance master. The medical officers of each division were organized in such a manner as to give to each officers a specific duty to perform, and certain of the medical officers were designated to remain with the wounded in the event of retreat.

---------------

*See record of Court of Inquiry,p.971.

---------------

