
(Wood's) Division, and at the present time each division of this corps has its own surgeons in professional charge of its own wounded not sent forward to Bridgeport, all of which are doing well.

The strictly professional report of this battle must necessarily be very unsatisfactory in consequence of our having lost the field, and with it the severest wounded in the Sunday's fight. The list furnished by the division surgeons will be made out with all possible care, giving the location and character of wound, &amp;c.

The firing was chiefly musketry at short range, with conical ball; the cannonading was not proportionally as severe as at Stone's River.

The following is a statement of the number of killed and wounded reported in the corps. I am of the opinion that 150 in addition will cover our losses.

Officers killed, 33; officers wounded, 142; total officers killed and wounded, 175. Privates killed,269; privates wounded, 2,015; total privates killed and wounded, 2,284. Grand total, 2,459.

I wish to speak in terms of high commendation of the services rendered by Surg. Samuel D. Turney, U. S. Volunteers, medical director, Third Division (Van Cleve's); W. W. Blair, surgeon Fifty-eighth Indiana Volunteers, medical director, First (Wood's) Division, and S. G. Menzies, surgeon First Kentucky Volunteers, and medical director Second (Palmer's) Division.

The promptness with which they located their hospitals and received and cared for the wounded, and the efficiency that they exhibited throughout, even to the final removal of their hospitals and wounded from the dangers of capture, recommend them to your high confidence. Also, I am desirous to speak of the services of Asst. Surg. B. H. Cheney, Forty-first Ohio Volunteers, and corps medical purveyor, who was prompt in issuing his supplies and rendering professional assistance to the wounded.

I know of no case of neglect of duty on the part of regimental medical officers of this corps; on the other hand,all evinced a desire to do their part well. For special mention of such and other matters especially connected with the divisions, I beg to refer you to the accompanying reports* of the division surgeons.

In a few days I expect to be able to forward a list of the names of the killed and wounded of the corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. PHELPS,

Surgeon, U. S. Vols., Medical Director, 21st Army Corps.

Surg. G. PERIN,

U. S. Army,

Medical Director, Department of the Cumberland.

No. 135.

Report of Major John Mendenhall, U. S. Army, Chief of Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, OFFICE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY AND ORDNANCE,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 28, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the artillery of this corps on the 19th and 20th instant:

On the morning of the 19th the batteries were posted with the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

