
divisions to which they belonged, overlooking West Chickamauga River from Gordon's Mills along the road toward Rossville. One battery (the Eighth Indiana) was above the mills with Colonel Buell's brigade, of General Wood's division.

About 11.30 o'clock, the firing being very heavy on the left, General Crittenden ordered General Palmer with his division to move to his (General Thomas') support. All the batteries of the division (H and M, Fourth U. S. Artillery, and B and F, First Ohio Artillery) went with it, and I saw nothing more of them during the battle, except Battery H, Fourth Artillery (Lieutenant Cushing commanding), a short time before it left the field on the 20th.

From one to two hours later General Van Cleve, with two of his brigades, was also ordered to the support of General Thomas. The Independent Pennsylvania Battery (Captain Stevens) and four guns of the Seventh Indiana (Captain Swallow) accompanied General Van Cleve and I saw nothing more of them that day.

I think it was 2 o'clock when the other brigade of General Van Cleve's division and General Wood, with his two brigades were ordered to the left. I directed Lieutenant Livingston, with Third Wisconsin Battery, to take a position in a corn-field on the right of a battery of General Davis' division. He remained in this position until compelled to fall back a short distance with the rest of the troops, when he took a new position. Before retiring he punished the enemy severely and again, from his new position (which was on our right, with Colonel Barnes' brigade, Third Division), he aided in checking their advance. He kept this second position till evening.

While General Wood's command was coming up, I discovered the section of Shallow's battery which had not gone with the division, and I posted it in the field in the rear of where General Wood's head of column was entering the woods. I saw nothing more of this section till next morning, when it had rejoined its battery.

The batteries of the First Division had not gotten into position before our troops fell back. When I saw them falling back I directed the Sixth Ohio Battery (Captain Bradley) to take position in the edge of the woods, so as to check the enemy as he advanced across the open ground. The Eighth Indiana Battery (Captain Estep) got into position on the right of the Sixth Ohio Battery. In a little while our troops charged back over the open ground, and drove the enemy back into the woods, the Eighth Indiana Battery accompanying them. Our men were again drive back, and the Eighth Indiana Battery suffered severely, being compelled to leave one gun behind them, which they recovered during the afternoon. The Sixth Ohio Battery remained where I had posted it, and did excellent service in repelling the enemy as he attempted to cross the open ground.

These batteries (Sixth Ohio, Eighth Indiana, and Third Wisconsin) moved to the foot of Missionary Ridge, along with their commands, before daylight next morning. About 9 o'clock the First Division moved forward and the Third (which was now together) soon followed, each brigade having a battery. General Wood soon became engaged, and Colonel Barnes with a brigade of the Third Division, move forward to his support. General Wood ordered the Third Wisconsin Battery, which was with Colonel Barnes, not to follow, stating that there was no position there to put a battery in (only a portion of the guns he had with were then in position).

