
for the men and ten days' grain for the animals. I descended into the Sequatchie Valley with twenty-five days' subsistence for the men and sixteen days' grain for the animals. I do not mention this fact in a spirit of egotism, but simply to show what can be accomplished by intelligence, good judgment, energy, and a willingness to make some sacrifice of personal comfort by commanders. Every educated and experienced soldier knows that one of the greatest offensive power of an army, is to be found in the immense baggage and supply trains which usually accompany its movements; hence whatever lessens the number of vehicles requited for the transportation of baggage and supplies by so much increases the efficiency of the army. I transported all the supplies I took into the Sequatchie Valley in the wagons originally assigned to my division for the transportation of regimental and staff baggage. I was then prepared with my division for a campaign of twenty-five days on full rations, or fifty days on half rations. The additional forage required beyond what I brought with me could have been found in the country. In conformity with the order for the general movement, I dispatched Wagner's brigade early Thursday morning the 20th to the eastern slope of Walden's Ridge, to make something of a show of force, and at the same time closely to observe, and if opportunity permitted, to threaten the enemy. With the other two brigades, First and Third, I remained encamped at Therman till the early morning of the 1st of September. I then moved in conformity to orders to Jasper, lower down in the valley.

Late in the afternoon of the 2nd I received an order to send one of my brigades to Shellmound to cross the Tennessee River. The First Brigade was immediately put in motion under this order, and under the skillful management of Colonel Buell was thrown across the river rapidly, and without accident, during the night. Early in the morning of the 3rd I moved with the Third Brigade, and the ammunition and ambulance trains, to the crossing and with the energetic and judicious assistance of Colonel Harker had everything passed rapidly across without accident. I remained encamped at Shellmound till Saturday afternoon, the 5th, awaiting orders, the delay being occasioned by the necessity of waiting for the arrival of the supply train, which had been sent to cross the river at Bridgeport.

During the afternoon of the 5th I received an order to move, with the two brigades of my division with me, via Whiteside's and the River road, to the junction of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railway with the Trenton and Chattanooga Railroad, for the purpose of observing and threatening the enemy posted on the spur of Lookout Mountain. I advanced as far as Whiteside's Saturday afternoon and evening. Early Sunday morning I continued to advance, Harker's brigade leading. Soon very light parties of the enemy were encountered, but they rapidly fell back before my sturdy, onward movement, though the country through which my line of march led me is most favorable to a prolonged and obstinate resistance by a small force.

Crossing Raccoon Mountain, I descended into Lookout Mountain Valley, and then followed down the valley northward to the junction of the two railways. As I moved down the valley the enemy's signal stations on the crest of Lookout Mountain were in full and perfect view, evidently watching my advance, and actively communicating

