
outflanked his, and his farther progress was debarred. I immediately threw forward the Twenty-sixth Ohio, Lieutenant-Colonel Young commanding, to the right and higher up the mountain side than the skirmishers of Colonel Atkins extended, and rapidly drove the enemy's skirmishers from the mountain side. No further opposition was encountered in occupying Chattanooga, and the Ninety-second Illinois pushed rapidly into the town, followed by my First and Third Brigades. The Second Brigade crossed from the north side of the river during the afternoon and evening of the 9th.

The colors of the Ninety-seventh Ohio, of the Second Brigade of my division were the first planted on the works of Chattanooga, having been brought across the river by a few men in a small boat early in the morning. Thus was this great strategic position, the long-sought goal, gained to us and occupied by our troops. Placing myself as soon as possible after the occupation in communication with the most intelligent and reliable citizens, I learned that a portion of the enemy's troops had retreated by the Cove road, and that the remainder, with the baggage and material of war, had retreated by the Rossville and La Fayette road. I was informed further, that Buckner's command which had been posted at Tyner's Station on the railway, had retreated by Johnson toward Ringgold, but I subsequently learned he did not go so far eastward as Ringgold, but passed through Graysville and thence to La Fayette. The bulk of these facts I reported to the commander of the corps immediately on his arrival,and by him I am informed they were communicated to the commanding general.

My division remained in Chattanooga till the morning of the 10th. I then received an order to detail one brigade to occupy the town, and move with the other two in pursuit of the enemy by the Rossville and Ringgold road. The Second Brigade was detailed to remain in Chattanooga. At 10 a.m. of the 10th I led the First and Third Brigades out of Chattanooga to commence the pursuit of the enemy. At 2 p.m. of that day I advised the corps commander of the reported presence of a considerable force on my right flank, and at 7 p.m. I further advised him that I had taken a contraband during the late afternoon, who reported the bulk of the rebel army, with General Bragg, in person, at Gordon's Mills on the Chickamauga where it is crossed by the Rossville and La Fayette road. I was incredulous of the story, and so expressed myself; but if true, it was so important it should be known that I deemed it my duty to report his narrative. It is due to the humble person who furnished me this invaluable information to record that subsequent developments proved his report to be singularly accurate and correct. Based on my note of 7.30 p.m. of the 10th,a communication was sent me by the commanding general to send a brigade by the way of Rossville to make a reconnaissance in the direction of Gordon's Mills with a view to verifying the truth of the contraband's report. The order was received at early daylight of the morning of the 11th. Colonel Harker's brigade was immediately sent to execute this service. About the time Harker's brigade was moving the corps commander arrived at my camp. I was directed by him to move forward with my remaining brigade 2 miles on the Ringgold road and then to await further orders. The order was obeyed. At 3.30 p.m., while awaiting further instructions, I received an order from the commanding general to move across the country, by the shortest and most expeditious

