
It is my duty to notice the services of those faithful officers who have none but myself to mention them.

To Major-General Thomas, the true soldier, the prudent and undaunted commander, the modest and incorruptible patriot, the thanks and gratitude of the country are due for his conduct at the battle of Chickamauga.

Major-General Granger, by his promptitude, arrived and carried his troops into action in time to save the day. He deserves the highest praise.

Major-General McCook, for the care of his command, prompt and willing execution of orders, to the best of his ability, deserves this testimonial of my approbation.

I bear testimony likewise to the high-hearted, noble Major-General Crittenden. Prompt in the moving and reporting the position of his troops, always fearless on the field of battle, I return my thanks for the promptness and military good sense with which he sent his divisions toward the noise of battle on the 19th.

To Brig. General James A. Garfield, chief of staff, I am especially indebted for the clear and ready manner in which he seized the points of action and movement, and expressed in orders the ideas of the general commanding.

Colonel J. C. McKibbin, aide-de-camp, always efficient, gallant, and untiring, and fearless in battle.

Lieutenant Colonel A. C. Ducat, brave, prompt, and energetic in action.

Major Frank S. Bond, senior aide-de-camp; Captain J. P. Drouillard,

aide-de-camp, and Captain R. S. Thomas, aide-de-camp, deserve very honorable mention for the faithful and efficient discharge of their appropriate duties always, and especially during the battle.

Colonel James Barnett, chief of artillery; Lieutenant Colonel S. Simmons, chief commissary;Lieut Colonel H. C. Hodges, chief quartermaster; Dr. G. Perin, medical director; Captain Horace Porter, chief of ordnance; Captain William E. Merril, chief topographical engineer, and Brig. General J. St. Clair Morton, were all in the battle and discharged their duties with ability and to my entire satisfaction.

Colonel William J. Palmer, Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and his command, have rendered very valuable services in keeping open communications and watching the movements of the enemy, which deserve my warmest thanks.

Lieutenant Colonel W. M. Ward, with the Tenth Ohio, provost and headquarters guard, rendered efficient and valuable services, especially on the 20th, in covering the movement of retiring trains on the Dry Valley road,and stopping the stragglers from the fight. Captain Garner and the escort deserve mention for untiring energy in carrying orders.

Lieutenant Colonel C. Goddard, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Colonel William M. Wiles, provost-marshal-general; Major William McMichael, assistant adjutant-general; Surg. H. H. Seys, medical inspector; Captain D. G. Swaim, assistant adjutant-general, chief of the secret service; Captain William Farrar, aide-de-camp; Captain J. H. Young, chief commissary of musters; Captain A. S. Burt, acting assistant

inspector-general; Captain Hunter Brooke, acting judge-advocate; Captain W. C. Margedant, acting topographical engineer; Lieutenant George Burroughs, topographical engineer; Lieutenant William L. Porter, acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant James K. Reynolds, acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant M. J. Kelly, chief of couriers, and Asst. Surg. D. Bache were

