
at hand, and assured that both Harker and Carlin were severely engaged, I determined to hold Buell's brigade in hand to meet emergencies. And it was fortunate I did so for ere long Carlin's brigade was swept back out of the woods, across the corn-field and into the woods beyond the field on the western side of the road, carrying everything away with it. When I observed the rush across the corn-field I was near the One hundredth Illinois.

With a view of checking an exultant enemy, I ordered Colonel Bartleson, commanding One hundredth Illinois, to fix bayonets and charge the foe. The bayonets were promptly fixed, and the regiment had just commenced to advance, when it was struck by a crowd of fugitives and swept away in the general melange. The whole of Buell's brigade was thus carried off its feet. It was necessary for it to fall back across the narrow field on the western side of the road to the edge of the woods, under whose cover it rallied. As soon as possible it was formed along the fence separating the field from the woods,and with the aid of a part of Carlin's brigade, and a regiment of Wilder's brigade, dismounted there, repulsed the enemy. This result was greatly contributed to by the heavy and most effective fire, at short range, of Bradley's and Estep's batteries. At this critical moment these two batteries were most splendidly served. The narrow field separating the woods on the west from the Rossville and La Fayette road is scarcely 200 paces wide. Buell's brigade was formed just east of the road when it was struck by Carlin's brigade. It, hence, had to retire but the distance of less than 200 yards to get the shelter of the woods for reforming. But in crossing this narrow space it suffered terribly. The killed and wounded were thickly strewn on the ground. Captain George, Fifteenth Indiana, of my staff was struck by a ball by my side and knocked from his horse. So soon as the enemy was repulsed, I addressed myself to reforming Buell's brigade, for the purpose of advancing it to recover the lost ground.

Order being restored and a sufficiently solid formation acquired to warrant an advance, I led the brigade back in person, and reoccupied the ground from which it had been forced-the site on which it had been originally formed. In this advance my horse was twice shot, the second time proving fatal. I dismounted one of my orderlies near me and took his horse.

In this advance a portion of Carlin's brigade participated, led by General Carlin. Estep's battery, attached to Buell's brigade, accompanied the advance. Scarcely had the lost ground been repossessed than the enemy emerged from the woods on the eastern side of the corn-field, and commenced to cross it. He was formed in two lines, and advanced firing. The appearance of his force was large. Fortunately re-enforcements were at hand. A compact brigade of Sheridan's division not hitherto engaged, was at the moment crossing the field in the rear of the position then occupied by Buell's brigade and the portion of Carlin's. This fresh brigade advanced handsomely into action, and joining its fire to that of the other troops, most materially aided in repelling a most dangerous attack. But this was not done until considerable loss had been inflicted on us. The enemy advanced near enough to cut down so many horses in Estep's battery that he could not bring off his guns; but as our infantry held its ground, they did not fall into the hands of the enemy. After the attack had been repelled some of the men of the brigade of Sheridan's division kindly drew the pieces to the ravine, or rather dip in the

