
ground, in rear of the ridge on which the battery was posted, where Captain Estep retook possession of them. For this act of soldierly fraternity and kindness I desire publicly and officially to return my thanks and those of my division to the troops who rendered it, and I regret that I do not know the number of the brigade and the name of its commander, that I might more distinctly signalize them in my report.

The day was now far spent; in truth, it was near sunset. No further serious demonstration was made by the enemy on our immediate front. The troops were posted in a strong position to resist a night attack, the brigade of Sheridan's division and Buell's brigade being in juxtaposition, the former on the right and the latter on the left. Harker's brigade was held as a reserve in the edge of the woods on the western side of the road, and Bradley's battery was posted near to it, covering the troops in the front line.

Just after nightfall a sharp fire ran along the line, caused by some movement of the enemy, which at first was taken for an advance, but in the end proved to be nothing more than a picket demonstration. Jaded, worn, and thirsty, the men lay down on their arms to pass a cheerless, comfortless night on the battle-field.

If affords me much pleasure here to record a Samaritan deed rendered to my division during the night by Colonel Harrison,of the Thirty-ninth Indiana and a part of his mounted regiment. The men were very thirsty but the distance to water was so great that but few could hope to get permission to go for it. During the night Colonel Harrison brought to us some 400 canteens of good water. They were distributed among my men as equitably as possible, and proved the cooling drop to the thirsty soldiers.

Estep's battery was refitted during the night and was ready for service the next morning.

Between midnight and daylight of the morning of the 20th I received an order to move my command to a position on the slope of Missionary Ridge, to be held there as part of the reserve of the army in the coming conflict of the morning. The movement was quietly and successfully made. In the early morning I was directed to move my division eastward from the slope of Missionary Ridge and take the position hitherto occupied by Negley's division, keeping my left in constant communication with General Brannan's right. Colonel Barnes' brigade, of Van Cleve's division, was ordered to report to me for service during the day. Placing his brigade on the left, Harker's in the center and Buell's on the right (the whole formed in two lines, the front one deployed, the second one in double column closed en masse, with their batteries following and supporting), I advanced my command and occupied the position assigned. In doing so I met with no opposition from the enemy. I was instructed not to invite an attack, but to be prepared to repel any effort of the enemy. In throwing out skirmishers to cover my front I aroused the enemy, and had quite a sharp affair with him. By a very imprudent advance of his regiment, done without an order, Colonel Bartleson (moving himself in advance of his troops) was shot from his horse, and either killed or very severely wounded; it was impossible to decide which, on account of the proximity of the place where he fell to the enemy's lines. He was an accomplished and gallant officer, and a high-toned, pure-minded gentleman. His loss is a serious disadvantage to his regiment and to the service.

The position my command them occupied closed gap in our

