
the hands of the enemy. Taking the number of the killed, wounded, and missing it will be found to be 34.90 per cent. of my whole command. These figures show an almost unparalleled loss. They attest the severity of the conflicts through which my command passed on the 19th and 20th. The record of its participation in the great battle of the Chickamauga is written in blood.

Before closing my report I deem it my duty to bring to the notice of the commanding general certain facts which fell under my observation during the progress of the conflict on the 20th. As I was moving along the valley with my command to the support of General Reynolds, in conformity with the order of the commanding general, I observed on my left (to the west of me) a force posted high up on the ridge. I inquired what force it was, and was informed it was a part (a brigade, perhaps) of General Negley's division. I was informed that General Negley was with this force in person. I remember distinctly seeing a battery on the hillside with the troops. At the time it was certainly out of the reach of any fire from the enemy. This was between 11 and 12 o'clock in the day. A little later in the day, perhaps half or three-fourths of an hour, when I became severely engaged, as already described, with the large hostile force that had pierced our lines and turned Brannan's right, compelling him to fall back, I looked for the force which I had seen posted on the ridge, and which, as already remarked, I had been informed was a part of General Negley's division; hoping if I became severely pressed, it might re-enforce me, for I was resolved to check the enemy, if possible. But it had entirely disappeared. Whither it had gone I did not then know, but was informed later in the day it had retired toward Rossville, and this information, I believe, was correct. By whose order this force retired from the battle-field I do not know, but of one fact I am perfectly convinced, that there was no necessity for its retiring. It is impossible it could have been at all seriously pressed by the enemy at the time; in fact I think it extremely doubtful whether it was engaged at all.

Near sundown of the 20th I met General John Beatty not far from where I had fought the enemy all the afternoon. He was entirely alone when I met him and did not seem to have any special command. I at once came to the conclusion that he had not retired from the battle-field when the bulk of the division he is attached to did. At the moment I met him I was engaged halting some troops that were crossing the valley north and west of my position, and who appeared to have straggled away from the front on which General Thomas' command had fought all day. General Beatty desired to know where I wished these troops reformed. I pointed out a position to him and desired him to reform them, which he said he would do. I then rode back to my command. It is proper that I should remark that I did not see the corps commander from about 9.30 a.m. of Sunday, the 20th, to some time after sunrise of the 21st, when I met him at Rossville.

The officers of my staff performed their duties well in the late arduous campaign, as well on the march and in camp as on the battle-field. I deem it due to them to record their names in my official report, and to thank them individually for their valuable assistance and co-operation. Captain M. P. Bestow, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant J. L. Yaryan, Fifty-eighth Indiana, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant George Shaffer, Ninety-third Ohio, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Colonel T. R.

41 R R-VOL XXX, PT I

