
Palmer, Thirteenth Michigan, inspector-general; Surg. W. W. Blair, medical director; Captain L. D. Myers, assistant quartermaster; Captain James McDonald, commissary of subsistence; Captain William McLoughlin, Thirteenth Michigan, topographical engineer; Captain J. E. George, Fifteenth Indiana, assistant commissary of musters; Lieutenant P. Haldeman, Third Kentucky, ordnance officer; Captain M. Keiser, Sixty-fourth Ohio, provost-marshal up to the occupation of Chattanooga, when his leg was accidentally broken, since which time his duties have been well performed by Lieutenant Ehlers, of the same regiment; Captain Cullen Bradley, Sixth Ohio Battery, who, in addition to commanding his own battery, ably performed the duties of chief of artillery.

It affords me much pleasure to mention in my official report the true courage and faithful devotion exhibited throughout the entire conflict by two members of my personal escort. Early in the conflict of Sunday my color-bearer was wounded. The colors were then taken by Sergt. Samuel W. Goodridge, Company A, One hundredth Illinois, who bore aloft my standard through the remainder of the day, remaining with me all the time. Private Robert Lemon, Company I, Fifty-eighth Indiana, a member of my escort, rode immediately in rear of me trough the whole conflict of Sunday, the 20th. Whenever I called this brave and devoted boy, a youth of not more than sixteen or seventeen years of age, responded.

I have the honor to forward herewith as accompaniments to my report: First, official report of Colonel Harker, commanding Third Brigade (which sub-reports of regimental commanders), marked A; second, official report of Colonel Buell, commanding First Brigade (with sub-reports of regimental commanders), marked B; third, return of effective force taken into action on the 19th September, 1863, marked C; fourth, return of casualties in the battles of the 19th and 20th, marked D; fifth, map showing the various positions of command in the battles of the 19th and 20th, marked E.

I cannot conclude my report of the participation of my command in the great battle of the Chickamauga-a battle in which the fate of the proud Army of the Cumberland hung trembling in the balance; in truth, a battle in whose result the great nation's life seemed involved-without returning thanks to Almighty Providence for His merciful deliverance vouchsafed to us from the hosts of our enemies. For His protection of myself through all the dangers of the bloody conflict I am humbly thankful.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twenty-first Army Corps.

