
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, March 1, 1864.

Brig. General T. J. WOOD,

U. S. Volunteers:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication, and to inclose an official of the letter of General Rosecrans as requested.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy inclosed of General Rosecrans' letter addressed to the Adjutant-General,dated Cincinnati, Ohio, January 13, 1864.*)
HDQRS. THIRD DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,In the Field in East Tennessee, March 11, 1864.

[Colonel JAMES A. HARDIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:]

SIR: I am just in receipt to-day of your communication of the 29th ultimo [1st instant], inclosing me a copy of General Rosecrans' communication of the 13th of January last, in reply to my comments (under date of the 23rd [21st] October last) on his official report of the battle of the Chickamauga.

I made my application for a copy of this communication on the 7th [6th] of last month, and I regret sincerely your letter inclosing the copy has not reached me earlier. Had it done so it would have found me possessed of the leisure to reply irrefutably to General Rosecrans' communication; now it finds me in an active campaign without leisure and with all my time and energies absorbed in looking after the enemies of the country, the Union, constitutional liberty, and free government for all mankind. My answer, therefore, to General Rosecrans' misstatement of facts and fallacies of conclusion must be delayed necessarily till the termination of the present active operations.

When these are terminated I pledge myself to make an answer which will show that General Rosecrans' communication of the 13th January last is replete with misrepresentations of facts and errors of military principles.

I request that this communication be laid before the Commanderin-Chief and the honorable Secretary of War.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

No. 137.

Report of Captain Cullen Bradley, Sixth Ohio Battery, Chief of Artillery.
HDQRS. ARTY. BATTALION, 1ST DIV.,21ST ARMY CORPS,Camp at Chattanooga, Tenn., September 26, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following official report of the operations of the artillery belonging to the First Division, Twenty-

---------------

*See p.102.

---------------

