
first Army Corps, during the engagements of the 19th, 20th,and 21st days of September, 1863, on the Chickamauga River, Ga., the batteries engaged being the Sixty Ohio Independent Light Battery, commanded by myself, and the Eighth Indiana Light Battery, commanded by Captain George Estep:

The batteries of this division have been attached to and acted with the different brigades for the last sixteen months-the Eighth Indiana Battery, Captain George Estep, attached to the First Brigade, Colonel Buell commanding, and the Sixth Ohio Battery with the Third Brigade, Colonel Charles G. Harker commanding. The other battery of this division being attached to the Second Brigade, General Wagner commanding, was stationed at Chattanooga, Tenn., and did not participate in the engagement before mentioned.

It will thus be seen that I was only chief of artillery in name and did not have actual command of any battery but my own.

On the 19th of September we were at Lee and Gordon's Mills. At daylight firing was heard on our extreme left (the army), and as the day advanced the firing became heavier, and seemed to be working around to the right flank. About 3.30 p.m. received orders from Colonel Harker to get ready to move at once to re-enforce our right (Colonel Wilder's men, I believe). Our brigade moved in splendid style, at a double-quick, about 1 1/2 miles, when we arrived on the ground where several batteries were firing into the woods some 300 or 400 yards obliquely to the right and front. I received orders from Colonel Harker at this place to remain in the road until further orders. I halted the battery as directed, and rode some distance after the brigade to observe the direction as well as the nature of the ground on which our brigade was moving.

After the brigade entered the woods in front, I lost sight of them until they fell back. As soon as they had disappeared I rode up to the batteries on the right that were firing, to see what was up in that direction, but could see nothing in the shape of an enemy. I returned to the battery, which was still standing in column of pieces in the road. I had hardly time to reach my battery before the enemy came pouring out of the woods in every direction, and at the same point where my brigade had entered the woods not more than ten minutes previous. I had to act at once, as there was no time to think. I ordered the leading section to the left of the road, and then placed the others on the best ground, but we could not open on the enemy here without inflicting as much damage on our own men as on the enemy, as they all seemed to be mixed up in one mass. Lieutenants James P. McElroy and George W. Smetts did splendid execution on the enemy here, using case and canister. Lieutenant Ayres had moved his section into the edge of the woods by direction of Major Mendenhall, and was now opening on the enemy with telling effect. I ordered Lieutenant McElroy, with his section, to the left of Lieutenant Ayres, where he again opened the section on the advancing enemy.

During this time Lieutenant Smetts had been firing, retiring with prolongs fixed, using canister out of the 12-pounder Napoleons with splendid effect the enemy still advancing, but not in very good order. I should think that they came within 50 yards of our battery before they gave way. They retired (the enemy) in anything but good order, but not discouraged, for in less than ten minutes they reappeared in the field again and rushed forward, but our battery in conjunction with others and some of Colonel Wilder's men that were

