
formed behind a fence, gave them such a warm reception that they retired in the greatest confusion, and did not make their appearance again that evening. During this day's engagement there were 209 rounds of ammunition used; of this some 20 rounds were canister.

The casualties were very slight considering the heavy infantry fire that we were under. There was 1 killed (Private Weeks). I have every reason to believe this man to be dead, but cannot say positively. Lieutenant George W. Smetts, severely wounded, Privates Welker, Tryon, Point, and Sharnel wounded. Sharnel has served with the battery since he was wounded. Only 2 horses slightly wounded. All did their duty well and nobly with but two exceptions, Privates James G. Earle and William Barr; both these men ran and abandoned their guns and comrades in the most cowardly manner.

The remainder of the night we passed in taking care of our horses and getting ready for the next day. About 2 a.m. on the 20th September I received orders to get ready to move at once. We moved out, and I should say that we marched about 2 1/2 miles and encamped, and the men were permitted to get some coffee. At 8 a.m. we moved forward and took position in rear of General Negley's division; did not remain long before I received orders to move up with the brigade on the main line of battle. Our skirmish line was thrown forward and soon felt the enemy in force. They (the enemy) opened on us with one piece of artillery. Colonel Harker ordered up one section of my battery, which opened on the enemy. I then ordered up the center section, and it opened on the woods in which the enemy were totally concealed from view. I fired some 32 rounds here, and I have every reason to believe that they did good execution, as they were fired very low with 2 1/2 second fuses. Both case and shell were used.

At this time the firing was very heavy on our left, for the purpose, as I learned, of supporting General Negley. I limbered to the rear, and received orders from Colonel Harker to move in rear and opposite the center of the brigade. I took the position designated and was moving at about quick time. We had not moved more than a half or three-quarters of a mile when there occurred a perfect stampede-guns, caissons, fragments of regiments all came out in one disordered mass, and the enemy closely pursuing. I was entirely cut off from my brigade. I flanked to the left, which threw me face to the rear. I did this to gain an elevated position so that I could play on the enemy should I get an opportunity. My caissons I had placed in charge of my first sergeant, George W. James, and had instructed him to keep well in the rear, so as to supply ammunition should it be necessary. When the enemy turned our right flank they were on him before he had time to get out of the way; he was forced to leave two of the caissons and battery wagon, but saved the horses. He would not have abandoned them at all but in the general confusion they got foul with other carriages, and I give him great credit for saving as many of my caissons as he did, as whole batteries were lost where he only lost two caissons and battery wagon.

After being cut off from my brigade and seeing no prospect of rejoining it, I reported to General Negley, who told me to place my guns in battery on the crest of the hill, which I did, and remained there until all had fallen back entirely to the rear. I saw there was no use of remaining longer without support or any prospect of a stand being made, and I followed the troops and other batteries on over to the main road. I there found Colonel Palmer,who had been

