
directed to take ammunition to the division. He started back on the road, and I followed him, determined to rejoin my brigade and division if possible, but we had proceeded but a short distance when the colonel discovered that the enemy were on the road in force. We then turned back, and I again reported to General Negley for orders, and he directed me to follow his men into Rossville. I also informed him that our division ammunition train was there, and he directed that it should follow his troops also. We followed the troops in and encamped below Rossville for the night.

On the morning of the 21st September I reported to Colonel Harker for orders and rejoined the brigade. We then moved on the Ringgold and Chattanooga road, and took position on the left of the road and on the top of Missionary Ridge. At about 2 p.m. the enemy advanced and opened on us with one section; we replied, expending 127 rounds ammunition. I cannot even conjecture what amount of damage we did the enemy, if any. At 7.45 p.m. I received orders to move down the hill toward Chattanooga, and at 11 p.m. was joined by the brigade and moved into Chattanooga, arriving about 3.45 a.m., September 22.

To the officers and men of the battery great credit it due for their manly bearing and coolness under fire; where all did their duty so well it would be unjust to particularize.

Recapitulation.-The effective strength on the 19th day of September was:

Commissioned officers, 4; enlisted men, 107. Aggregate, 111.

Killed: Enlisted men, 1.

Wounded: Commissioned officers, 1; enlisted men, 5. Aggregate, 6.

Run off, enlisted men, 2. Horses wounded, 2. Total rounds of ammunition expended, 336.

Herewith inclosed please find Captain George Estep's report.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CULLEN BRADLEY,

Captain 6th Ohio Lt. Batty., and Chief of Arty., 1st Div., 21st A. C.

Major JOHN MENDENHALL,

Chief of Artillery, Twenty-first Army Corps.

ADDENDA.

Itinerary of the Artillery Battalion, First Division, Twenty-first Army Corps, commanded by Captain Cullen Bradley, Sixth Ohio Battery, for September, 1863.*

September 1.-At 6 a.m. the artillery of the First Division, Twenty-first Army Corps, left camp, near Therman, East Tenn., marched 17 miles, and encamped near Jasper, Tenn., at 4 p.m.

September 3.-Marched at 6 a.m., 9 miles, crossed the Tennessee River, and encamped at Shellmound, on the Chattanooga and Nashville Railroad.

September 5.-At 3 p.m. left camp, marched 9 miles, and encamped at 8 p.m. on the River road to Chattanooga.

September 6.-At 8 a.m. marched 6 miles to Trenton Junction, on the Chattanooga and Nashville Railroad.

September 9.-Marched 9 miles, and encamped at Chattanooga, Tenn., at 2 p.m.

---------------

*From return for September.

---------------

