
Fox and Hosmer, Thirteenth Michigan, Captain Ross, Lieutenants Burbridge and Williams, Twenty-sixth Ohio, all fell pierced with bullets. Overpowered on both front and flank, my men faltered and finally fell back about 200 yards across a field in our rear. Here my men were rallied, and again they charged forward, retook the ground, and also three pieces of artillery that were lost in the first part of the action. Again the enemy came forward like an avalanche, and forced my men back a short distance; again my men rallied, and retook the same position they had formerly held. The enemy came forward a third time, but were effectually repulsed, and the sun went down with my command holding the field a short distance in advance of its original position. My command had been engaged since about 3 o'clock and had lost most heavily. During the whole of these three hours' fighting, the Eighth Indiana Battery, Captain Estep, had done fine execution, and had suffered severely, the captain himself slightly wounded in the neck and arm. The wounded of my brigade were all gotten off the field by 10 p.m. Over 100 wounded men were taken out of a ditch in the field where we had fought.

The whole of this afternoon's fighting was done under the eye of General Wood, who was ever present.

When night finally closed the scene the position of my command was as follows: The Fifty-eighth Indiana on the left and the Twenty-sixth Ohio on the right in the front line; the Thirteenth Michigan and One hundredth Illinois were placed in reserve, and the Eighth Indiana Battery still farther in reserve, undergoing repairs. The troops on my immediate left and rear were, I believe, of General Sheridan's command. Colonel Barnes' brigade of General Van Cleve's division was on my immediate right.

The men of my brigade lay on their arms in this position until about 3 a.m. of the 20th instant, when, by order of General Wood, my brigade was moved (leaving the skirmishers to follow at daylight) to the left about 1 1/2 miles. Here we were permitted to make coffee and draw rations.

At about 9 a.m. of the 20th instant, by order of General Wood, my brigade was moved forward and put in position behind some temporary works of rails and logs, my brigade being on the immediate right of Colonel Harker. About this time I was informed that General McCook's corps would join me on my right. My brigade at this time was formed in two lines of battle with skirmishers about 75 yards to the front. I soon learned that the enemy was massing immediately sent off to my right with a heavy line of skirmishers, for the purpose of learning if there were yet any of our own troops on my immediate right. Soon the report came there were none as yet. My two reserve regiments, Fifty-eighth Indiana and Thirteenth Michigan, were immediately deployed on my right with a heavy line of skirmishers, so that my right might not be turned without timely knowledge of the fact. My battery (Eighth Indiana) was placed so as to sweep the crest of a low ridge in my front. Very soon after this, perhaps 10.30 a.m., one brigade of General Davis' division reported to join me on the right. I immediately drew in two regimental fronts, allowing General Davis left to rest against the right of the Twenty-sixth Ohio, which was my right front battalion, the One hundredth Illinois the left front, the

