
portion of my command to the left oblique, fighting at the crest of every hill for a distance of at least three-fourths of a mile. At one point we advanced again from one hill to the next in front, and fought the left flank of a long line of battle (all of which was in full view) until we were almost surrounded and flanked on our right. Just here Lieutenant-Colonel Embree was cut off from his command and very nearly captured, which left Major Moore, of the Fifty-eighth Indiana, the next in rank to myself.

About this time I discovered General Wood with Colonel Harker's brigade, several hundred yards to my left, also on the retreat. I continued to retreat with the remnant of my brigade until we came up to the right flank of General Brannan's division, which was in position on the top of a high hill. Here I reported to General Brannan, and were remained in this position until the sun went down. The remainder of my brigade, being unable to find me, went to the rear with thousands of others who had not even fired a gun, nor had their lines been broken. If my battery commander had done as I saw several other batteries doing, he would have saved his battery, but as long as there was any chance to fight he fought, and then it was too late to start for Rossville.

During the afternoon of the 20th instant my command was on the right of General Brannan, while Colonel Harker's was on his left. About 4.30 o'clock our ammunition entirely failed; we had already taken all from the dead and wounded around us. Just at this time Colonel Stout, of the Seventeenth Kentucky, came up with about 100 men, having 60 rounds each. He gladly relieved my men, while they remained in his rear with fixed bayonets to help hold the hill; this, as a last resort. Soon after 4 p.m., as the enemy was again coming round our right flank, General Steedman's division, of General Granger's corps, came up on the right. Happy were we to see them. They held the right till night. As night closed the scene, the whole rebel army, then almost surrounding us, gave one long and exultant cheer. Our few thousand exhausted men, who, without ammunition, had so long struggled and held the trying position, being by no means disheartened, answered their cheers with bold and defiant shouts. Soon after dark I was ordered to follow Colonel Harker's command with mine. We marched to the rear, and reached Rossville about 11 p.m.

Early in the morning of the 21st instant my brigade took position on Missionary Ridge on the left of Colonel Harker's brigade. The Seventeenth Kentucky reported to me, and occupied my extreme left. We remained in this position till 10 p.m., when we retreated and took up our present position around the city. We are entrenched and can hold our works forever.

I take pleasure in commending to their superiors Colonel Culver, Thirteenth Michigan; Lieutenant-Colonel Young, Twenty-sixth Ohio; Lieutenant-Colonel Embree, Fifty-eighth Indiana; Lieutenant-Colonel Waterman, One hundredth Illinois; Major Moore, Fifty-eighth Indiana; Major Eaton, Thirteenth Michigan; Major Hammond, One hundredth Illinois, and Captain Estep, Eighth Indiana Battery, for their endurance and bravery throughout the whole conflict.

In Colonel F. A. Bartleson, One hundredth Illinois, and Captain Ewing, Twenty-sixth Ohio (acting major), our country lost two most valuable officers. My personal staff, Captain James G. Elwood, acting

42 R R-VOL XXX, PT I

