
One hundredth Illinois. From the wounded men that have arrived from that hospital I am pleased to learn that these officers have conducted themselves in the execution of their duties with great credit and honor. Through no fault of theirs these officers are now in the hands of the enemy awaiting exchange.

Your acceptance of this short tribute to them as faithful and efficient officers, will be but conferring upon them what is justly their due.

I would respectfully request that this may be attached to my report forwarded September 28, 1863.

I have the honor to remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. P. BUELL,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain M. P. BESTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

No. 139.

Report of Major Charles M. Hammond, One hundredth Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS ONE HUNDREDTH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,Chattanooga, September 26, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 19th of September, at about 3 p.m., this regiment (Colonel F. A. Bartleson,commanding) lay in position on the right of the Third Brigade (Wood's division), which was protecting the ford at Lee and Gordon's Mills. Orders were received to move at once in the direction of Chattanooga on the Chattanooga and La Fayette road. As a part of the First Brigade, this regiment in the advance, it proceeded rapidly about 2 miles and formed in line of battle on the right of the road, a battery of Davis' division, and the Twenty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, on our right and left, respectively, to support the right of Davis' division, which was being heavily pressed and giving way. But a few moments intervened for our front to be cleared of our own troops, when the order to advance and charge the enemy was given and promptly complied with, under a heavy fire of musketry, and with a loss of nearly 100 men in killed and wounded, including Lieutenant-Colonel Waterman, who was severely wounded in the right arm.

On the order to retreat being give, the regiment fell back and made a stand first behind a breastwork of rails on the left of the road, and afterward advanced to the right of the road, driving the enemy before us, making a stand which was maintained until relieved by troops of Sheridan's division, when we again retired to the rear of the breastworks and lay down on our arms for the night.

On the morning of the 20th, at about 3 o'clock, we moved the front left on a road in the rear about 1 1/4 miles, and at 8 a.m. to the front and relieved a part of General Negley's division, our left resting on Harker's brigade, and our right supported by the Twenty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, and occupied a position behind a light breastworks. Skirmishers were now thrown out, and as they met with slight opposition they were quickly followed by the regiment, which charged across an open field and through a small ravine up to a masked battery supported by infantry, both of which opened a fire

