
so deadly that the main portion of the regiment fell back to its original position behind the breastworks. A part of it, however, was rallied, by the colonel commanding, behind a picket fence near the ravine, checking the advance of the enemy until overpowered, when it hastily retreated, leaving the colonel and several of the men dead or wounded upon the field. At this juncture, I had just returned from the line of skirmishers of the First Brigade, which I had located by order of Colonel Buell, and found the regiment in disorganized state without their commander. I rallied and formed them behind the rude rail breastworks, and after remaining in that position five or ten minutes, in the meantime, I called for volunteers, to go and recover Colonel Bartleson, whereupon Adjutant Rouse, Lieutenant Wicks, and 4 men volunteered and went. Soon after I was ordered by Fifty-eighth Indiana Volunteers, and [we] moved across an open piece of ground to the top of a hill under heavy fire. I here lost sight of the Fifty-eighth Indiana, but discovered a long line of the enemy swinging around on our right, which I held in check a short time, but was forced by superior numbers to fall back. Here portions of other regiments of the First Brigade became intermingled with my own. Of these I took command and attacked them to a portion of General Negley's division, which was drawn up in line of battle, but eventually fell back with them and a portion of General Reynolds' division to a point near Rossville, where I found Lieutenant-Colonel Young, of the Twenty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, to whom I turned over the command of all those of the First Brigade I had succeeded in gathering up. I was then numbering into camp by Colonel Young with my regiment, now numbering 98 officers and men.

Respectfully submitted.

Your most obedient servant,

C. M. HAMMOND,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. G. ELWOOD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

No. 140.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel James T. Embree, Fifty-eighth Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTY-EIGHTH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLS.,September 26.1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the action of this regiment in the late battle fought on the 18th, 19th,and 20th instant on the Chickamauga River:

About noon of the 18th instant, when the regiment was in camp at Gordon's Mills, the enemy was discovered approaching our position and moving to the left.

By order of George P. Buell, colonel commanding the brigade, the regiment was stationed in line of battle on the right of the brigade, facing southward and nearly perpendicular to the line formed by the other regiments of the brigade,and to the rear of that line, for the purpose of opposing any attempt on the part of the enemy to cross the river in that quarter.

