
During the engagement of this day the regiment suffered the following loss, to wit:

Killed: Commissioned officers, 1; enlisted men, 12. Wounded: Commissioned officers, 4; enlisted men, 73. Missing: Enlisted men, 21. Total, 111.

Of this loss all but 10 occurred before the regiment was ordered to retreat to Captain Bradley's battery; in fact, in less time than one-quarter of an hour. During this day Captain Charles H. Bruce was killed, and the regiment now mourns the loss of a brave and most efficient officer, a kind friend, and most gallant gentleman.

Here, too, were wounded while bravely discharging all their duties: Captain William Davis, Captain James M. Smith, Lieutenant James D. Foster, and Lieutenant Samuel L. Snyder.

Lieutenant Foster is counted among the wounded, but there are strong grounds for believing him killed. Captain Davis is a prisoner in the hands of the enemy, and it is feared is mortally wounded. He was captured with the division hospital.

About 3 a.m., 20th instant, orders were received from the colonel commanding the brigade to retire from the position thus held as above stated, and join the other regiments of the brigade then posted in the second line, leaving the skirmishers in front with directions to follow the regiment at daybreak. This having been done, the whole brigade was moved about 1 mile and a half to the left, and the men allowed to build fires, get their breakfast, and warm themselves, the night having been intensely cold.

At this time the attempt was made to issue to the regiment two days' rations, but about 9 a.m., before the issue was compelled, the regiment was ordered to move to the front, and after carrying these rations from place to place after the regiment, they were finally by force abandoned and lost.

The brigade moved about 9 a.m. of this day and look position behind some defenses built of logs in the front line of battle, with the One hundredth Illinois and Twenty-sixth Ohio Regiments on the left, and the Thirteenth Michigan on the right of this regiments, and the Eighth Indiana Battery in the rear.

Skirmishers were sent forward and were warmly engaged with the enemy when orders were received to vacate this position, leaving the skirmishers still in the front, and follow the rear of the second line of Colonel Harker's brigade (which was then moving by the left flank), the One hundredth Illinois following the rear of the first line of that brigade.

This order was obeyed; Colonel Harker's brigade moved to the left, followed by Colonel Buell's brigade. About the time regiment had moved to the left, say 500 paces, the skirmishers who were left behind were overpowered, Company B of this regiment there losing 12 men, having lost on the previous day 28 men. Thus the flanks and rear of the brigade were wholly uncovered, and the enemy rushed through the opening thus made in great force. The remaining regiments of the brigade gave way, indeed, all the Federal forces within view of this regiment fell back before this host, a part rushing through the lines of this regiment. On the left of this regiment, while marching by the left flank, there was a large field with a knoll on the farther side, on which was then posted artillery, which was being fired at the enemy. All other forces within sight having given way, the command was given to this regiment to march by the left flank, thus moving in line faced to the rear. Having moved in

