
this direction about 50 paces toward the artillery, the regiment was halted and faced to the front.

Our fleeing men were then so numerous in front that it was dangerous to fire upon the enemy; hence the regiment did not fire, although themselves subjected to a severe fire.

While in this position, Colonel Buell, who was working energetically to maintain the brigade in order, rode up to the regiment and united, or until further orders should be received.

Colonel Buell then sought for the remaining regiments without success, and shortly afterward ordered this regiment to be moved toward the battery above mentioned. In executing this order it was attempted to move the regiment by the right flank into position to the left and forward of the artillery to repel an attack then about being made by the enemy upon the unsupported artillery. This position could not have endangered the regiment by reason of the artillery, but so soon as the movement was begun some officer unknown to me called from the rear, urging the men not to move in the direction indicated, that "the artillery would tear them to pieces." By this the regiment was caused to file to the right and some confusion caused, and almost instantly afterward the artillery was captured by the enemy.

This regiment was then placed in position to the left of the field on a ridge commanding the knoll and field. Here also were collected by Colonel Buell and Major Moore a number of stragglers from other regiments. In this position fire was opened upon the enemy, who occupied the knoll and field, and in about one hour the enemy were driven from their position.

The enemy having been driven back, the regiment, with those collected with it, was ordered to advance to the top of the knoll in the field, which was done, Colonel Buell conducting the movement. Seeing at this time the colors of two regiments to the left, I went to them and sought aid in this movement. I there found the Twenty-first or Thirty-first Ohio Regiment (I cannot remember which), or rather about 40 or 50 men of the regiment, under command of a captain, who readily consented to join in the movement, and did so. The other was the Sixty-fifth Ohio, which was separated form its brigade, or seemed so to be. This regiment held a good position at the time, to assist in clearing the lower part of the field, and prepared readily for the work when the object was explained.

I then hastened to rejoin my regiment, which at this time had almost reached the top of the knoll. I arrived at the top with them.

At this time the enemy were prolonging their lines to the left of our lines in the valley below, with four regiments dressed in dark uniform and carrying dark-red flags immediately in our front. There was also at the time another line moved by the enemy against the right flank of the regiment, but which at the time was concealed by the hill and brush.

Here arose conflicting opinions as to the character of this opposing force, some officers contending that they were friends, some that they were enemies. At this I advanced to the front of the line, and was satisfied that they were enemies, and gave the order to fire, while other officers on the right of the line (I being on the left) countermanded the order. These officers were unknown to me.

While this parley was going on, the regiment was struck on the right flank by this flanking force, above mentioned, and before I

