
could be aware of it the whole line had given way, and the enemy were on the knoll. I followed as well as I was able (being on foot, exhausted and lame from a hurt received on the previous day), but I was too slow to overtake the regiment and was compelled to stop at the bottom of the hill. Soon I sought the regiment, but failed to find any part of it, I happening to move to the left while they went, or a part of them went, to the right. This was at 1.15 p.m. I did not succeed in finding any great part of the regiment until late in the afternoon, when I found 113 men, who, with parts of every other regiment of the brigade, were moving to the rear, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Young, of the Twenty-sixth Ohio Volunteers.

The remainder of the facts connected with the action of the 20th instant I received from Major Joseph Moore, who at the time the regiment was forced to retreat from the knoll was a short distance in the rear moving up the knoll with a small force which he had rallied to the aid of the regiment. Seeing the line about giving way, the major gallantly met the colors as they were being borne way, and succeeded in rallying about 150 men in support of two pieces of artillery, then under command of Brigadier-General Brannan, and was then engaged except at short intervals, until night. About 4 p.m. this force was re-enforced by General Steedman's division,and had previously been joined by Colonel Buell.

On the left was General Brannan's division, then Colonel Harker's brigade, the force under Major Moore being the only part of this brigade on that part of the field. Here also were General Thomas, General Brannan, General Wood, General Steedman,and Colonel Harker.

In this position the portion of the regiment with the major fought most bravely, discharging all their cartridges, replenishing from cartridge boxes scattered over the field, and finally prepared to hold the position with the bayonet. This position was maintained until dark, when by order of George P. Buell, colonel commanding the brigade, these troops were retired in good order to the rear and were camped at Rossville, about one-fourth of a mile from the force then under my command.

While I would not have it understood as detracting from the valor and good service of others, I feel that I cannot perform my duty in making this report without specially commending certain officers and men of the regiment.

And, first, I would call attention to Major Joseph Moore, who, by his conduct during the entire battle, has proved himself as brave and efficient a man and officer as any in the Army of the Cumberlans.

I would specially mention Sergt. Major William R. Fowler, who by his conduct, proved himself worthy of a better position and richly deserves promotion.

Also I would beg to mention Color Sergt. Jesse B. Miller, who, although sick and almost unable to move about the field, stood bravely to his post, and proved that so long as he bears them, the colors of his regiment will not be lost.

I would also commend Captains Green McDonald and George Whitman, Adjt. Charles C. Whiting, and Second Lieutenant Jacob Davis.

It also becomes my duty to record the death of another brave and good officer, Hugh. J. Barnett, second lieutenant of Company F, who was killed in the action on the 20th instant. Than him there were none braver.

Captain William E. Chappell, of Company I, did much for the cause

