
of his country in this engagement,and should be highly esteemed by all patriots.

The loss on the 20th instant was as follows:

Killed: Commissioned officer, 1; enlisted men, 2. Wounded: Commissioned officer, 1; enlisted men, 23. Missing: Commissioned officer, 1; enlisted men, 3. Total, 31.

The commissioned officer above mentioned as wounded is Second Lieutenant Robert Cromwell, who was severely wounded in discharge of his duty.

In addition to the above-mentioned loss (which has reference only to those actually engaged) there was the following loss in the hospital corps of the regiment to wit:

Captured: Commissioned officers (surgeons), 2; enlisted men, 7. Total, 9. Making the aggregate loss of the regiment in the action as follows:

Killed: Commissioned officers, 2; enlisted men, 14. Wounded: Commissioned officers, 5; enlisted men, 96. Missing: Commissioned officer, 1; enlisted men, 24. Captured: Commissioned officers (surgeons), 2; enlisted men, 7. Total loss, 151.

In addition to the above loss there are 18 enlisted men who were slightly wounded, but have since returned to duty.

Respectfully submitted.

JAMES T. EMBREE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. G. ELWOOD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

No. 141.

Reports of Colonel Joshua B. Culver and Major Willard G. Eaton, Thirteenth Michigan Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH REGIMENT MICHIGAN VOL. INFTY.,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 26, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to report the actions of the Thirteenth Regiment Michigan Infantry in the sanguinary battles of the 19th and 20th instant:

On the morning of the 18th, the regiment was ordered to the south of Messrs. Lee and Gordon's Mills, on the north bank of the Chickamauga, where it was deployed as sharpshooters, excepting one company as a reserve. About 4 o'clock the enemy opened a battery upon our line from the right, with shell and grape-shot, but did us no damage. This battery was soon silenced by Bradley's Sixth Ohio and Estep's Eighth Indiana Batteries. At about 2 p.m. on the 19th instant, I received orders to ploy my regiment and join the brigade, which was ordered into action on the Chattanooga road, about 1 1/2 miles north of Lee and Gordon's Mills, where we formed in line of battle in an open field in front of a belt of timber on the right of the road, and on left of the Fifty-eighth Indiana, and immediately in rear of the Twenty-sixth Ohio.

We had barely taken our position when we received the enemy's fire, who were steadily advancing, pressing back the troops in our front, many of whom passed through our lines. Finding it impossible to use our fire in this position without injuring our own troops,

