
we charged across the field about a hundred yards to the edge of the timber occupied by the enemy, which position we held about ten minutes, delivering a destructive fire into the enemy's massed columns, but as our left flank had been turned, and being raked by an enfilading fire, we were compelled to retire. About this time I was disabled by a shell, and the command devolved upon Major Eaton, whose report is subjoined:

The regiment fell back to the position from which we made the first charge, and then rallied and made a second charge, and were again flanked and obliged to retire, which we did, and took a position a little to the right, and in front of the position from which we made the first and second charges, where we remained during the night.

On the morning of the 20th, we were ordered with the brigade to Missionary Ridge, where, after drawing rations, we were assigned a position in rear of the One hundredth Illinois, in which position we advanced about a mile, and at 10 a.m. were ordered to the extreme right of the brigade and deployed behind a line of temporary breastworks, Company A being thrown out as skirmishers in advance. Our right being exposed by the withdrawal of the troops with which our line first joined, we threw out Company F to protect it. Holding this position until a few minutes before 11 a.m., we were then ordered to the left, and to follow the Eighth Indiana Battery. While making this movement to the left we were attacked. Finding the Twenty-sixth Ohio on our left, joined them and succeeded in holding the enemy in check for a short time, and, being obliged to retire, we fell back in good order about 100 yards. Here being pressed by the enemy in superior numbers, and an open field of about 100 yards in width in our rear, I determined to charge the enemy's advance and drive them back for the purpose of gaining time to cross the field, which I believed we should be obliged to do. In this charge we were successful, and gained a position in the woods,but our right was immediately turned, and we were again obliged to retire. I then determined to fall back to the woods on the brow of the hill to the rear of the open field where a battery was then stationed, but received orders to take position at a fence about midway in the field, where we held the enemy in check about twenty minutes, and were again compelled to retire.

On arriving at the brow of the hill I found no support the battery being abandoned, and, our right continually turned, we moved to the left and succeeded in joining a portion of our brigade at 6 p.m. near Rossville. Companies A and F, our skirmishers and flankers, in retiring fell in with the troops on our right, and did not join the balance of the regiment until the next day.

I desire to call your attention to the gallant and soldierly bearing of Major W. G. Eaton, Adjt. A. B. Case, and the officers and men generally during the battle. Inclosed please find list* of killed, wounded, and missing.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. CULVER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel GEORGE P. BUELL,

Commanding First Brigade.

No. 142.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel William H. Young, Twenty-sixth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SIXTH REGT. OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 26, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to report the part taken by the Twenty-sixth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, of Colonel Buell's brigade, under my command during the series of battles recently fought be-

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 175.

---------------

