
a brave remnant of my command with myself made good our retreat by the right and rear, many others moving directly to the rear through a very storm of bullets.

I immediately proceeded to reform my regiment, and after moving my colors into the open field, succeeded-with the assistance of my officers, conspicuous among whom were Captains Ross, Adair, Hamilton, and Acting Adjutant Grafton-in rallying the bulk of my surviving men. Supported by a few men of the Thirteenth Michigan bravely rallied around their colors, and another fragmentary regiment of, I think, Davis' division, and a few brave spirits of various regiments under the immediate command of General Wood, we charged across the field under cover of Bradley's and Estep's batteries, but in the face of a galling fire. We were joined as we charged by many brave fellows who had staid in the ditch, and a few others who had remained by the fence. But here Captain Ross wounded, and many others less conspicuous,though equally brave, the concentrated fire opened upon it from the woods, but pressing quickly forward firing we entered the woods at the point where the Eighth Indiana Battery had formerly stood, and nearly parallel to our original line, driving the enemy steadily before us. We entered the woods 200 yards, when, perceiving a rapid cross-fire on my left flank, I charged front to the rear on my first company, and, taking cover behind the fence at the edge of the woods, soon beat off the enemy in that direction. At this juncture I perceived a compact rebel line 500 to 600 yards distant advancing across the field from the woods in front of the road. I now changed front to the rear on my tenth company and ordered my men to lie down until the enemy should approach; other troops of our brigade then being on my right, somewhat to my rear, and a strong line of Sheridan's division at the same time coming up in my rear across the field in the rear of the road, this line halted near the road just as the enemy's fire was becoming severe, and commenced firing into my rear. I promptly moved back to the fence, and taking position under its cover awaited the onset. It was opened with a most murderous fire, driving back upon me a Kentucky regiment (of Sheridan's division, perhaps), which was advancing in line obliquely across my front. The entire line was broken by the shock. I held my command for a few minutes at the fence, but seeing the uselessness of attempting to hold the position, fell back to the ditch, where I rallied a few men, and from which Captain Potter and Lieutenant Renick, with their companies, A and F, gallantly advanced and drew off one of Captain Estep's guns which had been left behind. In this effort Captain Potter was badly hurt by being run over by the gun.

At this point Captain Hamilton was wounded. We drew back in tolerable order to the timber, when the regiment was again formed, mustering about 147 officers out of 24. Our ammunition was here replenished, and in obedience to Colonel Buell's orders, we were moved to a position in the woods near the road and on the right of the field in front of the road. It was now night,and movements for the day were over with. While moving to and after getting into our last position about 40 more men joined me who had become separated from the command during the progress of the battle, but the most of them gave sufficient evidence of having acquitted themselves well, fighting under

