
the colors of other regiments of the brigade. The casualties of the day were very heavy. The officers and men behaved excellently, in many instances heroically. I know not a single instance of bad conduct on the part of an officer, nor can I say that a man was clearly guilty of misconduct, a few perhaps might have rallied better, despite the stampeding around them.

Immediately when all was quiet for the night, I detailed Lieutenant Foster and 10 men to go carefully over the battle-field and see that all my wounded were gathered up. He found many who had been overlooked by the hospital attendants and saw them carried away. Four musicians were wounded carrying off the wounded during the action.

Lieutenant Platt, of Company G, though wounded almost at the first fire, remained with his company until the close of the action, and when urged to go to the hospital consented but first found his way back to the battle-field, where he remained until midnight until his last wounded man was cared for, and at the hospital gave his attention to his men rather than to himself during the night.

About 3 a.m., Sunday, my regiment, with the rest of the brigade, was moved about a mile to the left, where breakfast was taken, rations issued, and then again to the front, and put in position under Colonel Buell's immediate supervision, on the crest of a hill on the right of the brigade. After resting there perhaps half an hour, about 8.30 or 9 a.m. we were again moved to the front one-half to three-quarters of a mile, and posted behind a rude breastwork of logs on the extreme right of the first line of the division, having the One hundredth Illinois on my left, the Thirteenth Michigan in my rear, and Davis' division, Twentieth Army Corps, on my right. We seemed to be occupying the middle line of a valley about one-half to three-quarters of a mile wide, between two parallel ridges. From this point I threw forward a line of skirmishers, who almost immediately drew the fire of the enemy. A few minutes later I was ordered to the front to support the One hundredth Illinois, which had gone forward. I immediately moved to the front to my line of skirmishers, but not knowing exactly where to find the One hundredth, halted a moment, had my men lie down under the fire they were receiving and endeavored to discover Colonel Bartleson's position.

At this moment Colonel Buell ordered me to remain where I was until further orders. A half hour later I was ordered to leave four companies on the line of skirmishers and return to the breastwork. This movement drew upon me the enemy's fire, by which were wounded Second Lieutenant Mathias, commanding Company I, and 3 men. From this time, while we held this position, my skirmishers were more or less actively engaged with the enemy.

About three-quarters of an hour later I received an order from one of the brigade staff-Lieutenant Williams or Jones, I think-to move my command off by the left flank, and to follow the One hundredth Illinois. As my skirmishers (four companies) were then engaged, I asked if they were to be called in, and was told they were. I hesitated a moment lest there might be some mistake, but was told the order was imperative and the movement to be executed promptly and rapidly. I at once ordered my skirmishers in. The movement I since learned was made by the whole division. My skirmishers were scarcely drawn in until their line was occupied by the enemy's and before I had marched a regimental front stray shots came whistling through the trees. I was marching in very quick time to

