
and, in spite of [the efforts of] my own and other officers of Colonel Buell's brigade, both of the staff [and] line), making their was to the rear. With the assistance of Major Hammond and several line officers of the One hundredth, my own officers, still all together, and Lieutenant Lillie, of the Thirteenth Michigan, bearing his regimental colors, my own men and few of the One hundredth Illinois and Thirteenth Michigan, [were rallied] at a point on the crest of another hill perhaps 200 yards in rear of the first. With my command [and] another battalion made up of the men of various regiments rallied on the ground under command of a colonel unknown to me, and a battery or parts of batteries near by it was determined to hold the position. But being entirely cut off from any organized support, ignorant of the extent of the disaster, Captain Baldwin, Lieutenant Jones, Lieutenant

-----

, of Colonel Buell's staff, being unable to indicate the position of brigade or division headquarters, I though it my duty to establish communications with the troops who still seemed fighting to the left and front. Accordingly, instructing my officers to pick up and keep together any men who should be found, I went in the direction of the firing, and for some time, perhaps a half hour, sought to make my way to our troops, but found myself completely cut off from them by the enemy. Returning to where my command was left, I found the ground likewise occupied by the rebel skirmishers. (I have since learned that soon after I left the command the artillery was all withdrawn, and the battalion of infantry, commanded by the colonel of whom I have spoken, had been removed by the rear, whereupon, after consultation, my own officers and those already mentioned of the Thirteenth Michigan and One hundredth Illinois and Colonel Buell's staff, finding themselves entirely unsupported and with no object to remain longer where nothing could be effected, and capture was almost certain, determined to retire.)

Making my way out with much difficulty, and under frequent fire, from skirmishers, I finally gained the road, finding it filled with soldiers, artillery, trains, line, staff and field officers. Learning by inquiry that a stand was being made several miles to the rear, I rode rapidly for this point in order to rally the greatest possible number of my command.

Arriving here about 4 p.m., I found the most of my regiment detachments of the other regiments of the brigade, a few of the Third Brigade, the most of Colonel Buell's, and a part of Colonel Harker's and General Wood's staffs, and the colors of the Third Brigade. Assuming command of the whole, I took immediate measures to pick up and collect any others of the division who should come in, and reported to Colonel Lodor, of General Crittenden's staff. He ordered me to fall back to Rossville, where I arrived after dark and went into camp. On the next morning (the 21st), I turned over the command numbering about 600 officers and men, to Colonel Buell and resumed command of my own regiment. My regiment has since remained with the brigade, without further action or casualty, to the present time.

Subjoined is a schedule report of the casualties on the 19th and 20th; the most of them occurred on the 19th. The left wing, it will be observed, suffered most severely, both in officers and men, not less than one-third being left on the ground of our first position. I think no prisoners were taken except the wounded, among whom was Captain S. H. Ewing, Company B, acting major. Surgeon McGavran,

