
Chickamauga Creek, is as near correct as it is possible for me to make it at present:

I lost on the 19th, 21 horses killed and disabled; 1 man killed, and 5 others severely wounded; 2 missing. I received a slight wound in the left arm. Lost one gun limber and the rear part of ne caisson. Worked nearly all night in repairing losses. Joined my brigade (First) soon after daylight on 20th. Was engaged in but two positions, and at the second lost my six guns and limbers, two 12-pounder howitzers, and four 6-pounder smooth-bores, two caissons, and the rear carriages of two others; 35 horses killed and disabled; 2 men wounded and 7 missing-suppose that some of them were wounded and are in the hands of the enemy. I had no support at the time the battery was charged and taken. There was no infantry on my right or rear.

My officers and men did their whole duty during the different engagements we were in. I would make a statement to show that losing the battery was no fault of mine, and that I could not have prevented it, but for the reason that I believe my brigade and division commanders will fully exonerate me.

Very respectfully submitted.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE ESTEP,

Captain, Commanding Eighth Indiana Battery.

Captain CULLEN BRADLEY,

Chief of Artillery, First Division.

P. S.-I am unable to tell the exact number of rounds of ammunition expended in consequence of the loss of limbers and caissons, but believe it to be between 700 and 750 rounds.

CAMP IN THE FIELD,

Near Chattanooga, September 23, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor respectfully to submit the following report of the Eighth Indiana Light Battery in the recent battles on Chickamauga River, Northern Georgia, on the 18th, 19th, and 20th days of September, 1863:

I put my battery in position on the left bank of the river, by order of Colonel George P. Buell, commanding brigade, about 11 a.m. of the 18th. The enemy soon made his appearance in force, moving to our left on the La Fayette road. As soon as the head of his column came within range, I ordered one section to commence firing. I could not, in consequence of the timber in front on the banks of the river and the heavy clouds of dust, discover the effect of the fire, but supposed I did the enemy no serious damage. He was compelled, however, to file his troops tot he right and move off the road.

On the morning of the 19th, I opened fire on a line of sharpshooters that had crept up in our front during the night. A few shells only were required to send them in the direction from which they came. We then remained quiet till afternoon when I was ordered by one of Colonel Buell's staff to move with the brigade to the left on the Chattanooga road. When about 1 1/2 or 2 miles from Lee and Gordon's Mills, was ordered into position with the brigade on the right of the road, the left half of my battery resting in woods and the right in an open field. I had been in position but a moment (in battery) till I learned that the enemy were driving our troops (do not know

