
whose they were) back on the line was we had just formed. Hurried into position as I was, I feared to fire on account of destroying our own men. I then rode to a battery commander on my right who was in position when we came up, to learn, if possible, the location of the enemy as well as that of our own forces. He told me that he had been firing at a range of 800 yards, but that the distance was growing less very fast. I rode back and ordered the right half to commence firing shell at a range of 700 yards, believing from the information I had received that the shell would not interfere with our troops in front. A moment after this and the battery was filled with men falling back through it in great confusion. I was compelled to cease firing till our men passed from my front. I thought I would then be able to deal a destructive fire on the advancing line of the enemy, but he was pressing so close upon our line, delivering his fire as he advanced, his shots taking effect on my horses, I was compelled to retire the battery. This I succeeded in doing by leaving one piece of the left section on the field, 5 horses being killed and disabled belonging to the piece. The limber was upset and rendered worthless. The piece was afterward drawn to the rear by hand by my own men and by some of the men belonging to the Twenty-sixth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry. I moved five pieces of the battery to the rear with the regiments of the brigade across the road and field to the timber, and again opened fire with other batteries on my left on the enemy, who did not attempt pursuit over the open field. The brigade suffered severely in killed and wounded. I received a painful wound in the left arm, but fortunately not serious enough to prevent me from remaining with the battery. The brigade was soon ordered forward over the field near the position first taken. I was ordered by Colonel Buell to move with it. I did so promptly, got into position, and commenced firing at a range of 90 or 100 yards at the enemy's lines, then lying down in the woods. I am positive that while in this position I did the enemy serious injury, but his musketry fire became so heavy, terrible, and galling that to remain there longer was only to insure me that I would not have a horse left. I gave the order to limber to the rear.

The execution of the order had scarcely begun when the infantry began to fall back, being charged by the enemy en masse, who came yelling like devils. Three of my pieces were left on the field, but the enemy was again charged by our troops and my pieces retaken. I then moved to the rear and worked nearly all night in repairing carriages and harness, and supplying with extras, and from my battery and forge teams, the horses killed and disabled during the day.

On the morning of the 20th, before daylight, I was ordered by Captain Baldwin, of Colonel Buell's staff, to move about 1 mile and a half to the left. Here we got some breakfast and I think two days' rations were issued to the men. About 9 a.m. I moved the battery with the brigade (Colonel Buell's) nearly east to the front, where a little work had been made of rails, limbs, and logs; here I put the pieces in position in battery with the brigade for support; fired but three of four shots from this position; received an order after some time to move to the left, the infantry moving by the left flank. I limbered to the left and moved as I was ordered by Colonel Buell to do with them. We had gone but a short distance till I though it might become necessary to again form in battery to fire nearly to the rear. I formed my pieces forward into line, left oblique, leaving the infantry between me and the enemy, who was

