
then advancing on our right. I moved in line as far as I possibly could, then broke into column of sections and finally into column of piece. When moving in this position the enemy burst upon us in such force as to render our holding (I mean the brigade) them back impossible. I then turned the head of my column to the left, moved across a corn-field to the crest of a hill about 400 yards distant. I then formed in battery and was told by Colonel Starling, of Major-General Crittenden's staff, to hold my fire till our own men got out of the timber. I immediately cautioned my lieutenants about holding fire till ordered, but a few moments elapsed, however, till the enemy came up in splendid style in heavy lines to the right of my front. I ordered firing to commence with shell and canister. I am confident that we killed and wounded hundreds of them as they came up. Other batteries were in the same line with mine and dealing perhaps equal destruction to the enemy, but just then when I supposed that we were going to drive them back, we received a galling fire from the enemy who had got position in force on our right flank the right. My horses were killed and disabled, and I could do nothing but leave the battery in his possession.

The following casualties occurred during the 19th and 20th: 1 man killed, 8 wounded, and 7 missing.

I am of the opinion that most of the 7 missing are wounded and in the hands of the enemy. I cannot tell the exact number of rounds of ammunition expended, but believe it to have been between 700 and 750 rounds. I lost 56 horses killed and disabled, 21 on the 19th, 35 on the 20th. I have only 35 serviceable horses left and some 10 or 12 unserviceable, battery and forge wagons, 1 caisson, and 2 limbers. The enemy got with my caissons and limbers about 350 rounds of ammunition.

My officers and men I believe did their whole duty. Lieutenants Voris, Winsor, Stokes, and Eldred for the service rendered at all times, have my thanks. Lieutenant Eldred had charge of the line of caissons and I believe did as well as could have been done under the circumstances. Lieutenants Winsor and Stokes behaved with a coolness and bravery that was certainly commendable.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

GEORGE ESTEP,

Captain, Commanding Eighth Indiana Battery.

Captain J. G. ELWOOD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

No. 144.

Report of Brig. General George D. Wagner, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS, Chattanooga, Tenn., September 29, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 16th of August, I received orders to move with my command. The route was by way of Tracy City to Therman, in Sequatchie Valley, where it arrived on the evening of the 18th. This was a very difficult road, as the mountain was very steep and rocky; the men had to push the wagons

