
of the stream at this place. I have taken up a strong position, and will await orders tow hours, giving my men an opportunity to rest and make coffee.

From Captain Oldershaw, assistant adjutant-general, Twenty-first Army Corps, I learned that General Wood was ordered over to my support, but have not heard from him yet. If i do not hear from him by 6 p.m., I will return to Rossville. Bragg, Hill, and Polk left here last night, with infantry and artillery; retreated on La Fayette road. It is believed by citizens, prisoners, and contrabands that the enemy have gone to Rome. There is no good water for a camp between here and Rossville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. G. HARKER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Chattanooga.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., FIRST DIV.,21ST ARMY CORPS,September 11, 1863.

GENERAL: In my dispatch of 3.30 p.m. I stated that I should fall back to Rossville at 5.30 p.m. if I received no further orders. If we are to pursue the enemy by this route it will be unwise to fall back, as I can hold this position until re-enforced, being persuaded that there is no considerable force except in my front, and that only a large force of cavalry, which I do not fear. There is heavy cannonading just commenced in the direction of Stevens' Gap, 12 miles from this place. Please send me orders. Prisoners and contrabands represent the cavalry force in my front at two brigades, one of which is Armstrong's, under Forrest. All agree that a very large force of infantry and artillery left here last night and early this morning.

Respectfully,

C. G. HARKER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff.

P. S.-Having just received dispatch from General Wood, I shall remain here until he comes. No cannonading toward Stevens' Gap for fifteen minutes.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., FIRST DIV.,21ST ARMY CORPS,Gordon's Mills, on Chattanooga and La Fayette Road,

September 12, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the reconnaissance made by my brigade on the Chattanooga and La Fayette road:

At 5 a.m., on the morning of the 11th instant, while my brigade was encamped on Chickamauga Creek, on the road leading from Chattanooga to Ringgold, via Rossville, and about 5 miles east of the latter place, I was ordered by General Wood, commanding First

