
road. The details of that reconnaissance having been forwarded on the 17th instant, I would respectfully refer the general commanding to my report of the same, and request that it be incorporated in this report.

On the morning of the 12th instant, as the enemy's cavalry was still hovering around our front and flanks, a part of my brigade was sent out and drove them about 1 1/2 miles to the front, where we formed a junction with Brigadier-General Hazen's brigade, which had made a reconnaissance from the Pea Vine Valley to the Chickamauga. We then returned to the crossing at Lee and Gordon's Mills.

On the 13th, but little of interest occurred in my front, and the time was sent in strengthening my front by temporary breastworks made or rails, logs, and other material, to resist an attack of musketry from the front and flanks.

On the 14th, I again took two regiments, and went about 2 miles to the front, encountering but a small force of cavalry, and had 1 man slightly wounded. I discovered a light column of dust about 5 miles to the left, and after carefully questioning a citizen, who evidently sympathized with the enemy, but who was apparently afraid to commit himself either way, I inferred that the enemy were in force beyond Pigeon Mountain. This opinion was communicated to the general commanding the department. From this time until Friday, the 18th instant, everything was comparatively quiet on my front. About 12 m. on the latter day, Lieutenant-Colonel Palmer, inspector-general of the division, reported that the enemy were advancing upon the front of the First Brigade, then located on my right. A short time after, I perceived a column of dust approaching my front on the main La Fayette road. The ground in that direction from Gordon's Mills is comparatively level for a space of a thousand yards square, and free of timber; beyond that space the timber is large and quite dense. As the head of the column debouched from the skirt of timber, I perceived something white, which I first mistook for a flag of truce. I therefore sent immediate word to the pickets not to fire. I soon perceived my mistake, and as the column approached it deployed. When in effective range of my artillery, I directed the battery to open upon the enemy, and he at once gave way and sought refuge in the timber. A short time after a battery of the enemy opened upon Colonel Buell's brigade on my right. As it was within effective range of my own battery, I directed Captain Bradley to open with his guns, which soon silenced those of the enemy. From this time throughout the day, all was comparatively quiet on my front, except an occasional shot from the enemy's sharpshooters. Artillery was heard upon my left and east of the Chickamauga; it was apparently receding toward Rossville. From that we inferred that our troops were being driven.

This was reported to department headquarters, and General Van Cleve's division was sent to take position on my left. About night-fall sharp musketry could be distinctly heard, and I learned that a part of General Van Cleve's force had been sent to the relief of Colonels Wilder and Minty, who had been engaged, and that the enemy had steadily driven our forces until he had possession of the main La Fayette road. At dark the firing ceased, and all was quiet until the morning of the 19th, when firing of artillery and musketry commenced on our left, which became more general as the day advanced. There was also some cannonading on our right, apparently

