
in the vicinity of Crawfish Spring. Except the shots from the enemy's sharpshooters,all was quiet on my front. About 3 p.m. I was ordered by the general commanding the division to move my brigade down the Rossville road toward the scene of action. In a short time my troops were under arms. As I arrived in the vicinity of the battle-field, about 1 1/2 miles from Gordon's Mills, I was first directed by Lieutenant-Colonel Starling, of General Crittenden's staff, to take position on the right of Colonel Barnes' brigade was to go into action on the extreme right of our lines, and to strike the enemy in the flank. As the latter was supposed to be retiring (though stubbornly contesting the ground) in a southeasterly direction, I sent Major Coulter, of my staff, ahead to ascertain the right of Colonel Barnes' brigade, which being found I proceeded to move in position. I was soon stopped, however, by Lieutenant-Colonel Starling who told me that Brigadier-General Davis (then on the left of Colonel Barnes) was hotly pressed, and requested the assistance of a brigade, and directed me toward his lines. I soon found General Davis, who showed me the direction to go into action, desiring me to relieve one of his brigades.

The One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, Colonel E. Opdycke commanding was ordered in position nearly parallel to the La Fayette road, with its left resting near a small log-house on the east side of the road. The Sixty-fourth Ohio was ordered to go into position on the right of the One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers. I intended to go into action with a formation of two lines, keeping the Third Kentucky and Sixty-fifth Ohio in the second line.

The ground on my immediate front was slightly rising, and covered with a dense thicket and undergrowth. The enemy, therefore, had every advantage over us, as he could perceive our own movements, though his were concealed from us. I cautioned the regimental commanders that our own troops were in our immediate front, and not to allow our men to fire until they had passed our own lines. It soon became apparent that our own troops in my immediate front were yielding; at the same time a report reached me that the brigade upon my left was being repulsed, and that the enemy was advancing down the main road toward Gordon's Mills. This movement would expose my left flank and rear.

About this time there was very great confusion among the troops which had been engaged, and no one seemed to have any definite idea of our own lines or the position of the enemy. I was compelled, therefore, to resort to my own judgment alone and be guided by the general direction of the firing. The One hundred and twenty-fifth and Sixty-fourth Ohio Volunteers appeared to be advancing quite handsomely, though they were laboring with disadvantageous circumstances. As we were now attacked on my left, I quickly threw the Sixty-fifth Ohio Volunteers and Third Kentucky in position almost perpendicular to the road and to the general direction of my front line. It appeared now that we were attacked on both front and flank and so fiercely that it required the utmost care to prevent the confusion in my own troops, which existed among those around me. Seeing the position of affairs, I directed the Third Kentucky to change its front in order to repel the attack on its right flank. This movement was performed most handsomely by Colonel Dunlap; the regiment moved through a heavy fire with a coolness

