
troops were not again engaged during the night. When I was first ordered into action, I at once perceived that we would be compelled to fight in a perfect jungle, and that artillery could not be used to advantage; but, on the contrary, would be subject to capture should our troops meet with a sudden reverse. I therefore ordered Captain Bradley to remain on good ground in our rear, and await my orders. General Wood, after seeing my own brigade well engaged, remarked to me that he would now return and look after Colonel Buell and other troops on my right. I have learned that Colonel Buell's brigade, being overrun by fugitives, was compelled to fall back to the rear of the position, where my command first went into action. Captain Bradley, with the eye of a true soldier, selecting the best ground in his vicinity, opened with telling effect upon the enemy, inspiring our own troops with confidence and causing dismay among the rebel hordes. As our own troops fell back, the battery retired with prolonges fixed until it got a good position in the woods tot he rear, where it was supported by our own troops. It here did great execution in repulsing the enemy, and remained in this position until I rejoined it. In this engagements the brave and gallant Lieutenant Smetts was severely wounded while retiring his pieces with prolonges fixed, and firing at the enemy until the latter got within 50 yards of his section. This young officer is deserving of the highest praise for gallantry and daring.

About 1.30 a.m. on the 20th, I received orders to retire and take up a position in reserve on Missionary Ridge. My brigade was put in motion about 2 a.m., and arrived at a position on the ridge about one-fourth mile to the left and rear of the Widow Glenn's house on the La Fayette and Rossville road, via Couch's. We here permitted the men to build fires and make coffee.

Early in the morning of the 20th, both officers and men were supplied with three days' rations in haversacks, and with spirits buoyant with the success of the previous day, the command was again ready to go forth, and as we thought, finish the well-begun work. At 8 a.m. we were again ordered forward to an eminence about one-fourth mile in our immediate front, and, as I understood, the rear of a position occupied by General Negley's command. We soon took up the position indicated, the Third Kentucky and Sixty-fourth Ohio Regiments occupying the front in line of battle, with a strong line of skirmishers in front, the One hundred and twenty-fifth and Sixty-fifth Ohio Regiments in double column at half distance on the second line about 200 yards in rear, the battery having a very commanding position near the front line. My brigade was then on the left of the First Brigade, commanded by Colonel Buell. We had been in this position but a short time when we received orders to move forward and relieve General Negley's division. I understood that General Negley was ordered farther to the left, and that General Wood's division, now composed of three brigades, viz, the First Brigade (Colonel Buell's) on the right and my own (the Third) in the center and Colonel Barnes' brigade of General Van Cleve's division on my left. In this order we marched in battle array to the front and relieved General Negley's division, and was a continuation of the main or front line of battle. We were advised that General Brannan had marched obliquely to the left and front, and that we must bear well to the left and "keep well closed up on Brannan." I kept well closed up on the right of Colonel Barnes.

