
to the memory of the lamented Major Brown, and to Captain Powell, commanding the Sixty-fifth Ohio after the fall of Major Brown, the country is indebted for gallant and distinguished services. Ever ready and willing to execute every order, and ever at their post in the hour of danger, they, by their lofty courage and intelligent conception of their duties, inspired their men with a confidence which nothing could shake. For their hearty co-operation, in every effort of mine since I have had the honor to command them, my thanks are due, and most cordially extended. To them, and to the brave officers and men under their commands, is due whatever praise my brigade may have merited during the late perilous campaign. Without desiring to particularize where all did not only well, but handsomely, I still desire to refer briefly to the conduct of Colonel Opdycke, of the One hundred and twenty-fifht Ohio. The Third Kentucky and Sixty-fourth and Sixty-fifht Ohio Regiments had been tried at the sanguinary battle of Stone's River, and had acquitted themselves most admirable. We therefore had reason to except much of them in the late battle on the Chickamauga. They exceeded my most sanguine expectations. But the One hundred and twenty-fifht remained to be tried. They moved on the field of battle with a precision and apparent indifference to danger which challenged the admiration of veterans. Their good conduct as a regiment may be inferred when it is stated that after passing through this terrible battle of two days' duration but one man was missing not accounted for as killed or wounded. The good conduct of this regiment must be attributed entirely to the untiring energy and superior military characteristics of their gallant leader, Colonel Opdycke. As second in command, he has rendered me great service in the late engagements. For the intelligent performance of every duty devolving upon him since he has been in my command, and for gallant and distinguished service in the late battle, I most cordially recommend that he be assigned to the command of a brigade. To reward such skillful officers by giving them higher commands will greatly add to the efficiency of this army. I would likewise especially mention Captain Cullen Bradley, the commander of my battery. This experienced soldier has served his country most faithfully for seventeen years. He greatly distinguished himself in the battle of Stone's River, and maneuvered his battery with matchless skill in the late battle on the Chickamauga, saving his guns and nearly all his caissons when deserted by the infantry, and when almost any other officer would have lost his entire battery. Captain Bradley is a candidate for a position in the Regular U. S. Artillery. I most cordially recommend that he be rewarded with a commission which he has so worthily earned.

To the junior field officers of the brigade, Lieutenant-Colonel Bullitt, Third Kentucky, and Lieutenant-Colonel Brown, Sixty-fourth Ohio, and Major Brennan, Third Kentucky, the highest praise is due for their excellent conduct during the late battle, and the movements of my brigade previous to the engagement. They were all at different times in command of the skirmish lines, and were placed at different times in very responsible positions. They were ever found more than equal to the occasion; they have my warmest thanks. And here I must pay a just tribute of respect to the lamented Major Brown, of the Sixty-fifth Ohio. This heroic officer fell on Sunday while most gallantly leading his regiment. Well might his regiment waver for an instant as they saw his noble figure stricken down.

