
He belonged to that type of the true hero, who, without appearing to seek danger, is animated with lofty pride when placed in hazardous and responsible positions. He was ever ready to lead where brave men would follow, and ever went forth with that confidence of accomplishing his mission which manhood and true courage alone inspires. In him the regiment has lost a brave leader and benefactor, the service a valuable officer, and the nation a worthy citizen. May his name be indelibly inscribed upon his country's roll of honor.

To Major S. L. Coulter, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain Joseph M. Randall, acting assistant quartermaster, and to Captain G. W. Roberts, acting commissary of subsistence, of my staff my thanks are due for the prompt, efficient, and cheerful manner in which they have performed the duties of their respective departments since they have been serving on my staff. I desire particularly to commend Private Samuel Morris, of the First Ohio Cavalry, one of my orderlies, for his soldierly behavior throughout Saturday and Sunday. Through the thickets of the fight this brave youth was ever at my side ready for the performance of his duty. For his excellent conduct in battle, I shall recommend him to the Governor of Ohio for promotion.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. G. HARKER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain M. P. BESTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS ANDERSON CAVALRY,Chattanooga, September 11, 1863.

GENERAL: In obedience to your order, early this morning I took 20 men of my company to Rossville for the purpose of picketing the roads, arriving there at daybreak. Ascertaining that General Crittenden had passed with his corps on the Ringgold road at 2 a.m. the previous morning, I directed attention only to the La Fayette road about 2 1/2 miles out, on which we encountered the enemy's pickets with an exchange of shots. Only a short time elapsed before I was requested by the colonel commanding Third Brigade of General Wood's division to accompany him with his advance for some time, when, finding it was his intention to push on toward La Fayette, I deemed it my duty to return. At that time (about 11 a.m.) we were pushing them, they occasionally firing a cannon shot. Our artillery was posted about a mile out on the road, but had not fired. In all probability it has been detached parties from this force which has given color to the rumors from Rossville for the last day or two. I presume they will vacate that section immediately.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

WM. P. ROCKHILL,

Captain Co. C, 15th Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland.

