
No. 146.

Report of Colonel Henry C. Dunlap, Third Kentucky Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD KENTUCKY INFANTRY,Fort Harker, Chattanooga, Tenn., September 27, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements and service rendered by my regiment under the orders and immediate supervision of our gallant brigade commander, from the period of crossing the Tennessee River at Shellmound, which was effected with the usual promptness peculiar to my ever ready mountain boys:

On September 5, at 2 p.m., we marched upon the River road to Chattanooga, leading the front of the Twenty-first Army Corps. Bivouacked 9 miles from Shellmound, resumed the march early on the 6th, again honored with the front. Skirmishers in charge of Lieutenant-Colonel Bullitt. Sharp skirmishing throughout the day with cavalry. No casualties except great fatigue of the column in following the rapid skirmishers, who emptied several saddles and captured their horses and equipments. Bivouacked on the night of the 6th, at junction of railroad at Wauhatchie; at 8 p.m. retired under orders 3 miles. On afternoon of the 7th, made reconnaissance within 3 miles of Chattanooga. No skirmishers from my regiment; but Major Brennan was placed in charge of the front line and led them vigorously forward, driving their cavalry,and confronted a battery on the point of Lookout Mountain. When the battery opened fire, our gallant and omnipresent Harker disposed every company, placing my command at three points, guarding every possible approach of the enemy. Constrained by orders to go no farther, we returned to camp, Third Kentucky covering the rear. Rested on the 8th; occupied Chattanooga on the 9th at 11 a.m. Marched on the 10th in direction of Ringgold, Ga., and bivouacked on East Chickamauga; marched on the 11th back to Rossville, and took road south to Gordon's Mills upon a reconnaissance desperate for any other brigade than one commanded from my regiment forming part of the line, we successfully reached the limit of our orders at Gordon's Mills, with a loss of but 1 man wounded. I beg here to remark that the small loss is attributable to the long range which the retreating enemy were prudent to secure between us. Our skirmishers bravely did their duty, for, unlike the usual custom, the more rapid the firing the more vigorously they pressed forward.

At 4 p.m. of the 12th, a company from my regiment, with three others from the brigade, again in charge of Colonel Bullitt, made a reconnaissance across the Chickamauga. Soon they found the enemy, and with the usual vigor of the gallant Bullitt pressed them until he developed a battery and heavy force in line of battle. When the cannonading commenced, I was ordered to re-enforce the skirmishers with my regiment, which was done at double-quick, fording the river, and coming so promptly to the relief that officers not of our command dubbed us Harker's cavalry. My regiment was moved to the right through bogs and swamps to flank the apparent foe, but issued from the woods to find no enemy to pay the tax of the trip. Returned to camp at the mills, built breastworks, moved to the left, constructed

