
side of Grenada, till you are in connection with the Memphis forces, after which act according to your judgment.

You carry money with you, and it is now to the interest of our Government that all plundering and pillaging should cease. Impress this on your men from the start, and let your chief quartermaster and commissary provide liberally and fairly for the wants of your command by paying.

Union people and the poorer farmers, without being too critical as to politics, should be paid for their corn, bacon, beef, and vegetables, but where the larger planters and farmers have an abundance to spare you can take of the surplus, giving in all such cases a simple receipt, signed your chief quartermaster and commissary. Also, when your horses break down, you can take a remount, exchanging the broken-down animal and giving a certificate of the transaction, fixing the cash difference in value-the boot.

Deal firmly but fairly with the inhabitants. I am satisfied a change of feeling is now going on in this State, and we should encourage it. Much importance is attached to this branch of the subject, and you will see that every officer and man is informed of it.

Punish on the spot and with rigor any wanton burning of houses or property without your specific orders. if at Grenada you find the Memphis force fully competent to the task of saving the railroad stock enumerated you can return via Yazoo City; but if there be any doubt remain with them and go on into Memphis and return to my command by the river. On your application the quartermaster, Captain Eddy, will furnish boats. Report to me by letter as often as possible, either by the route your go or around by way of Memphis. I inclose you the best map* we are able to compile. Add to it as you progress, and on your return I shall expect it to be filled with roads and names of localities not now on it.

With great respect,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

No. 2. Reports of Colonel Edward F. Winslow, Fourth Iowa Cavalry,

commanding expedition.

MEMPHIS, TENN., August 22, 1863.

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to report that with my command I arrived here this evening, having been thirteen days from camp.

I captured a down train at Durant, 14 miles east of Lexington; burned a piece of trestle 5 miles below that place, and moved directly on Grenada with all engines, cars,&amp;c., arriving there at 7 p.m., 17th instant. I was obliged to leave all rolling stock collected (17 engines and about 100 cars) at Winona, 20 miles below Grenada, as the enemy had destroyed a bridge just above Winona.

Found Lieutenant-Colonel Phillips, with 1,500 cavalry, had reached G[renada] about four hours in advance of my coming, having driven out Slemons (with,say 600 men), but not before the railroad bridges had both been destroyed by fire.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

