
firing alternately by order, doubtful whether they were the enemy. This doubt encouraged advance, and just here an avalanche of retreating hordes overran us, and compelled us to rally at the key-point 100 yards to the left. Here we resolved to do or die, and, buoyed by the presence and command of Generals Thomas and Wood and Colonel Harker, we did stay, occupy, and hold, and then and there expended the last of 130 rounds of ammunition, fixed bayonets, and coolly awaited the test of whether flesh will stand to take the steel. At this point, for four hours in the afternoon, our firing was by volley, marching to the crest of the hill, and at the command more than 50 deadly volleys we directed at short range upon the enemy. The effect is evidenced by their check upon the massive column. About 8 p.m. I was ordered to call my regiment to attention; with no ammunition, but every bayonet fixed, we were ready for a charge, and expected nothing less, but to our surprise, were ordered to file to the rear, where hordes had gone without orders. Until this order we held our position. No enemy was firing upon us when we left, and in perfect order we retired with our beloved commander, numbering 235 enlisted men.

I lost 1 officer killed and 8 officers wounded. Aggregate loss, 113 killed, wounded and missing.

We retired to a position at Rossville, thence to this place and are yet willing, ready, and feel able to hold "Ford Harker" until further orders.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

H. C. DUNLAP,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major S. L. C0ULTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 147.

Report of Colonel Alexander McIlvain, Sixty-fourth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-FOURTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Chattanooga, September 26, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you the part my regiment took in the advance on Chattanooga and subsequently, up to the time it occupied its present position.

The command, consisting of 27 officers and 296 men, crossed the Tennessee River at Shellmound on the afternoon of September 3, where it remained until noon of the 5th. It then marched with the brigade toward Chattanooga 8 miles and bivouacked for the night.

On the morning of the 6th, resumed the march in the following order: Third Kentucky, One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, Sixty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, a section of Sixth Ohio Battery, and Sixty-fourth Ohio Volunteers. The command marched about 9 miles, but had no part in clearing the obstructions interposed by the enemy during the day. In the course of the night, the command was retired about 2 miles to a more advantageous position.

On the 7th, the regiment accompanied the brigade on the reconnaissance toward Chattanooga, in rear and supporting the section of the Sixth Ohio Battery, except Companies E and K, in charge of Lieutenant-Colonel Brown, who were detached toward Kelley's Ford

