
[CHAP. XLII.

to guard the left flank from an attack. The command, though exposed at times to the enemy's fire without having an opportunity of returning it, manifested the utmost willingness to discharge whatever duty was assigned it throughout the expedition.

On the 8th, remained in camp.

On the 9th, marched into Chattanooga.

On the 1Oth, marched 9 miles toward Ringgold.

On the 11th, returned 4 miles to Rossville and marched to Lee's Mills, 13 miles from Chattanooga, on the La Fayette road. During this advance, in the face of the enemy's skirmishers, my regiment had the right of the road, Companies G and K, in command of Lieutenant-Colonel Brown, as skirmishers. The troops during this severe march suffered greatly from heat and thirst, but the conduct of the men during this hazardous advance was praiseworthy.

On the 12th, lay at the ford near the mills.

On the 13th, worded at breastworks on the river bank.

On the 14th, made a reconnaissance with the One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers about 2 miles toward La Fayette. During this expedition, Companies D and I, under Lieutenant-Colonel Brown, were deployed as skirmishers, but only met with slight resistance. Joseph Laloe, of Company I, was severely wounded by a musket-ball in the arm.

On the 15th, and 17th, the command remained measurably quiet, but on the 18th, was ordered into line to defend the crossing at the mills, and remained there during the day and following night. Andrew Laird, of Company A, in charge of an ambulance, was shot in the foot, similar to a shot received at Stone's River in the same foot. Nothing further occurred to the regiment until 3 p.m. of the 19th, when it was ordered to the left about 2 miles. My command, being placed on the right in the front line, advanced into the woods, soon encountered a considerable body of the enemy, apparently somewhat detached from their main line. I immediately engaged them, and after a brisk fight of nearly half an hour, they fled in confusion, leaving in our hands about 20 prisoners, a majority of whom subsequently escaped by the mistake of those having them in charge taking the wrong direction to find the rear. The regiment soon after joined the brigade, from which it had been separated in the temporary confusion of establishing our lines under a heavy fire. In this contest, my regiment lost 5 wounded and 3 missing, 2 of whom were in charge of prisoners.

On Sunday, the 20th, the regiment moved with the brigade, and with it fought wherever and whenever an opportunity offered in the execution of its orders. On three several occasions, it was exposed to a severe fire from a greatly superior force of the enemy, and on each occasion behaved with great coolness and bravery.

The loss of the day was 1 captain killed, 1 captain wounded and left upon the field, 1 lieutenant wounded; 7 men killed, 43 wounded, and 10 missing. In the death of Captain Ziegler the regiment has lost a brave and good officer, and the army one of its speech and had Samuel A. Hayes, of Company F, who had lost his speech and had not spoken a word for nearly six months,, on seeing a rebel fall that he shot at, exclaimed in a clear voice, "I've hit him!" and after that talked freely, being greatly rejoiced at his fortune. The brave fellow was later in the day wounded and left on the field.

On the evening of this eventful, the regiment fell back in good order to Rossville, and on the following day, took a position on Miss-

