
sionary Ridge, where it remained till the night of the 21st, when it moved to its present position, and has since been engaged in the defenses of the situation.

The colonel commanding in submitting this imperfect review of a campaign crowded with extraordinary incidents and gallant exploits, feels his inability to do justice to the endurance, courage, and unsurpassed bravery of those in his command who have so nobly sustained the honor of their State and flag, through such a severe ordeal, but he would beg leave to assure you that the regiment has, scarcely without an exception justified the high expectations of its friends and country.

Your most obedient servant,

ALEXANDER McILVAIN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel C. G. HARKER,

Commanding Third Brigade.

Report of Captain Thomas Powell, Sixty-fifth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-FIFTH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 26, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following as a report of the movements and actions in which the Sixty-fifth Regiment Ohio Volunteers has been engaged since leaving Shellmound, Tenn.:

At noon, September 5, 1863, the regiment received orders to march. Moved out on the Chattanooga road, and about 12 m., September 6, bivouacked within 7 miles of Chattanooga, in the Lookout Valley. At 10 p.m., on that date, the regiment fell back 2 miles and took position on a ridge to the west of the Trenton and Chattanooga Railroad, where it remained till 8 o'clock next morning, when it was moved off the ridge, and was stationed on the right of the road in the rear of the Third Kentucky Volunteers, with its left resting near the road.

At 10 a.m. on the 7th the regiment was ordered down the valley on a reconnaissance, taking nothing along but guns, accouterments, and canteens. After advancing 1 1/2 miles, three companies (B, F, and G), under Major Brown, were sent forward as skirmishers, and the regiment moved forward on the center. The skirmish companies from this regiment had the right of the line, and drove the enemy till they crossed the creek at the foot of Lookout Mountain, when the enemy opened on them with one or two pieces of artillery. The regiment was formed into line about three-quarters of a mile from the creek, advancing on the right of the One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio, with its right resting on Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad. When within about one-half mile of the creek, the regiment crossed the railroad and formed in the woods on the right and to the rear of the One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio, when the enemy commenced shelling.

After lying under their fire for about fifteen minutes, in which 1 man from Company F of this regiment was killed by the explosion of a shell, we were ordered to retire.

The regiment fell back until out of range of the enemy's shells,

