
[CHAP. XLII.

where it was formed across the road, and when the skirmishers came up marched back to camp, which was reached about 7 p.m.

The next day, September 8, lay in bivouac, and on the 9th, marched into Chattanooga, going into camp about 3 o'clock, a mile to the southwest of town. Moved out the next morning at 9 o'clock, and camped about 3 p.m. within 8 miles of Ringgold, Ga., near the Chickamauga.

On the 11th, marched back to Rossville, and moved out on the La Fayette road about 1 1/2 miles, where the regiment formed on the left of the Third Kentucky Volunteers and opposite side of the road. The left and three companies (G, C, and D), under Major Brown, were sent to the front as skirmishers, their right resting on the road.

Afterward Companies A and E were sent forward to strengthen the right of the skirmish line under Lieutenant-Colonel Bullitt, Third Kentucky Volunteers. The regiment arrived at Lee and Gordon's Mills at 4 p.m., skirmishing all the way, and camping on the left bank of the Chickamauga Creek.

From the 12th to the 18th, we remained at Lee and Gordon's Mills, strengthening our position by breastworks, and awaiting an attack by the enemy, our pickets skirmishing with them as they would make their appearance.

On the afternoon of the 19th, about 2 o'clock, we were ordered to move to the left, which we did, following the Third Kentucky Volunteers and marching on the double-quick till meeting and engaging the enemy. The regiment was engaged most of the time till sundown.

During the engagement on Saturday we took about 70 prisoners, among them a major. Lieutenant-Colonel Whitbeck having been wounded, Major Brown succeeded him in command. The regiment remained in front during the night until 3 a.m. of the 20th, when we moved to the left and rear to breakfast and draw rations, again moving to the front at 8 a.m., and taking part in the engagement up to 10 o'clock, when, being flanked by the enemy, we moved by the right flank and took position on the right of the Third Kentucky Volunteers, our right resting on the hill. We held our position the regiment on our right (who occupied the extreme summit of the hill) broke in confusion, thus enabling the enemy to take possession of the hill. Our right being thus flanked, we suffered a severe fire from the enemy, and were forced to fall back. While occupying the position on the hill, Major Brown was wounded, the command falling on me, the senior captain having been reported to me as being wounded. The regiment fell back to the rear of the log-house, where it rallied, and I was ordered by Colonel Harker, our brigade commander, to take position on the summit of the hill to the right of the log-house. Captain Tannehill took command of a number of men who had become separated from their companies, and took position at the left of the house. The regiment, though having lost many of its best officers, and its ranks having been thinned by the loss of over one-third of its men, still held its position and did so far an hour and a half, when were joined by Lieutenant-Colonel Bullitt with two companies of the Third Kentucky, who, at my request, took command and held the enemy in check till ordered by Colonel Harker to fall back to the rear of the log-house. Here the regiment was formed, having been joined by Captain Tannehill and the men under his command. We were at this time supplied with cartridges to

