
make up 40 rounds to the man. After a rest of about thirty minutes, I was ordered to take position on the left of the Sixty-fourth Ohio. The engagement then being renewed we fired by volley, alternately, with the One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio, until the enemy were repulsed, when I was ordered to take position on the right of the log-house, still occupying position in the line on the left of the Sixty-fourth Ohio. This position was occupied till after dark, or about 7 p.m., when, with the rest of the brigade, we fell back to Rossville, and camped for the night.

The next morning, the 21st, the regiment moved out and took position on the Missionary Ridge, to the left of the road, the Sixty-fifth forming the second line, in rear of the Sixty-fourth, until ordered to report to Colonel Buell, commanding First Brigade, where the Sixty-fifth was formed in the rear as reserve. After lying in this position for two hours, we were ordered to report to our brigade, and were formed on the right of the One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio. At 7.30 p.m. we moved to the front, relieving the Sixty-fourth Ohio, which was occupying breastworks of rails, our left resting in the woods and connecting with the One hundred Illinois. We left the works at 11 p.m., and arrived near Chattanooga at 2 a.m. on the 22nd, where we bivouacked till about 7 o'clock, when we were moved to this position and have been engaged since in throwing up fortifications and strengthening the fort. Lieutenant-Colonel Bullit, of the Third Kentucky Volunteers, took command of the regiment, by order of Colonel Harker, on the 23rd instant.

During the engagements on the 19th and 20th, the following-named officers of the regiment were killed and wounded: Major Samuel C. Brown, wounded on the 20th, from the effects of which he died on the 21st; First Lieutenant Nelson Smith, killed instantly; Second Lieutenant S. C. Henwood, killed.

Wounded: Lieutenant Colonel H. N., Whitebeck, First Lieutenant Asa A. Gardner, First Lieutenant Wilbur F. Hinman, First Lieutenant Joel P. Brown, and Second Lieutenant Otho M. Shipley.

Casualties among the enlisted men were as follows: Killed, 12; wounded, 65; missing, 18. Total killed, wounded and missing, officers and men,103.

The foregoing report can be but very incomplete from the fact that the position in which I was placed was of such a character that many things transpired that escaped my notice.

Where all did so well (inasmuch as the Sixty-fifth never gave back before the enemy until ordered by its commanding officer, neither was it ordered to take any position that it failed to plant its colors there) it may seem out of place to mention individual cases, yet there are those who acted with that coolness and bravery under the most trying circumstances, that to especially mention them cannot detract from the merit due others. First among this number is our lamented Major Brown, who, with so much coolness and bravery, demonstrated every characteristic of the true hero, realizing the magnitude of the cause in which he was engaged. From the commencement of the engagement up to the time he fell, he was ever found where the danger was greatest, and by his noble daring imbued every heart in the regiment with a determination to conquer. Among the non-commissioned officers, Sergt. Major S. G. Pope deserves special credit for the manner in which he labored to keep the men together, and the promptness with which he conveyed orders to the line officers,

45 R R-VOL XXX, PT I

