
[CHAP. XLII.

during the entire engagement. First Sergt. Samuel P. Snider commanded Company D on the 20th and bravely led his men, whom he was encouraging by precept and example to stand by the flag at the time he fell. Sergeant Harlam, the color bearer, bravely faced the storm of bullets that greeted him on every side, and, even after being severely wounded, stood at his post till ordered to the rear.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

THOMAS POWELL,

Captain Sixty-fifth Regiment Ohio Volunteer infantry.

Major S. L. COULTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 149.

Report of Colonel Emerson Opdycke, One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 125TH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 26, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit a report of the operations of my regiment since crossing the Tennessee River.

At 3 p.m., 5th instant, we marched with the brigade from Shellmound, Tenn., toward Chattanooga on the River road. The next day, p.m., we bivouacked 7 miles distant from Chattanooga. At 10 p.m., same day, we retired 2 miles to a strong position.

On the 7th, we formed a part of the force under Colonel Harker, who made a reconnaissance till we developed and drew the fire of the enemy's batteries, which were in position to dispute our entrance to the city.

The skirmishers of my Company D, led by Lieutenant E. P. Evans, made a gallant charge and cleared a house of a very troublesome fire of the enemy. This reconnaissance was deemed hazardous, and the colonel commanding directed me to be prepared to fight to the last man, and if surrounded to cut our way out, but nothing serious occurred and we returned without molestation.

At 1 p.m. on the 9th, we entered Chattanooga and bivouacked in its suburbs.

On the 10th, at 8 a.m., we moved toward Ringgold, Ga., bivouacked again at dusk. We countermarched, on the 11th, to the La Fayette road, and made a reconnaissance upon it. The One hundred and twenty-fifth two companies of the Sixty-fourth Ohio Volunteers, and four guns of the brigade battery were placed under my command as reserve near Rossville. The colonel commanding ordered me to be prepared to cover a retreat, should one become necessary. Suitable dispositions were made but not needed, as at 6 p.m. I received Colonel Harker's report from Gordon's Mills, with orders to send a copy of it to General Wood, and the original to department headquarters at Chattanooga. This was done with the utmost dispatch.

At 9 p.m. I received orders from Colonel Harker to join him with my command without delay. This was accomplished by 1 a.m. of the 12th instant. The same day we were on a reconnaissance across the West Chickamauga River.

