
On the 13th, the colonel commanding made a reconnaissance with my regiment to the vicinity of Crawfish Spring, where we were left on detached picket duty till the a.m. of the 14th. In the p.m. of the same day we were out again on the La Fayette road.

The 15th and 16th were partially spent in making barricades along the north bank of the West Chickamauga.

At night we were ordered to be ready to march at daylight with 60 rounds of ammunition to each man.

At daylight on the 19th, my regiment was ready for action with the following organization: Emerson Opdycke, colonel commanding; Captain E. P. Bates, acting major; Lieutenant E. G. Whitesides, adjutant; H. McHenry, surgeon; J. E. Darby, assistant surgeon; J. G. Buchanan, assistant surgeon; Freeman Collins, acting sergeant major; H. N. Steadman, commissary sergeant.

Command.	 Commission	 Enlisted	 Aggregate.

 ed	 men.

 officers

Company A, Captain	 2	 46	 48

Joseph Bruff

Company B, Captain A.	 1	 43	 44

Yeomans

Company C, Lieutenant	 1	 39	 40

M. V. B. King

Company D, Captain R. B.	 2	 31 	 33

Stewart

Company E, Lieutenant A.	 1	 39	 40

Barnes

Company F, Lieutenant D.	 1	 42 	 43

Humphreys

Company H, Lieutenant	 1	 36	 37

Charles T. Clark

Company G, Lieutenant	 1	 20	 21

William W. Cushing

Field and staff	 6	 2	 8

Total	 16	 298 	 314

At 11 a.m. heavy firing of all arms was heard 2 or 3 miles to our left, and at 1 p.m. we were rapidly moved to the scene of conflict. Our attack was made with the Third Kentucky on our left and the Sixty-fourth Ohio on our right. The enemy seemed surprised at our appearance, and after a sharp encounter,in which I lost the first sergeant of Company A, killed, and 11 men seriously wounded, he disappeared from view, leaving 9 prisoners, one an officer, in our hands. The growth of small timber was so dense we could see but a few rods in any direction. I then received orders from Colonel Harker by an aide to assume command of the Sixty-fourth Ohio, and with it and my own regiment to disperse any enemy we might find. We were then on the right of the road upon which we came out from Gordon's Mills. Firing upon us soon commenced from our front, right, and rear. I immediately ordered scouts and skirmishers out to develop our surroundings. Their deployment had only commenced when I received orders from the colonel commanding, by an aide, to bring the two regiments out and join him, which was done without serious interruption. We were then joined to the balance of the division, and in line lay upon our arms without fires, until 2 a.m. of the 20th. We then moved about 1 1/2 miles, and at an early hour were placed in position for the impending battle. Colonel Barnes' brigade, of Van Cleve's division, was on our left, the Sixty-fourth Ohio in front, and the Sixty-fifth Ohio on our right. This and my own regiment formed the second line, and Colonel Harker directed me to have general charge of it, and have its movements conform to those of the first line. I then directed Major Brown, commanding the Sixty-fifth, to maintain his relative position to the

