
[CHAP. XLII.

One hundred and Twenty-fifth and to the Third Kentucky, which was in his front, as far as possible.

A sharp skirmish and artillery firing occurred to our front, when we were marched on the double-quick, by the left flank, to re-enforce Reynolds, where a heavy roar of all arms had been heard a short time. We had only come under the outskirts of the enemy's fire in our new position, when we were vigorously attacked on our right flank and rear by superior numbers. A change of front to rear on our left, which was executed under a severe fire, placed us (the Sixty-fourth on our left, Third Kentucky on our right, the Sixty-fifth still farther to the right, the whole nearly perpendicular to Reynolds' line) facing to the south and to the enemy. The line stretched nearly across a long open field. One hundred yards to our rear was a ridge running parallel to the line, which ascended into quite a timbered hill 200 yards to my right. The enemy's line, which was 200 yards distant, reached beyond our flanks, and was advancing upon us. A severe encounter with small arms raged for a short time, when General Wood in person ordered us to move forward. My regiment fixed bayonets and charged on the double-quick.

The enemy fled in confusion, and disappeared for a time. We pursued 400 yards and lay down behind a prostrate fence, which was upon another less tenable, but parallel ridge to the first one. This ridge also rose into a wooded hill 150 yards to our right. The other regiments of the brigade soon prolonged my line to the right and left. Another line of the enemy, more formidable than the first, appeared in the distance, moving upon us. The terrible splendor of this advance is beyond the reach of my pen. The whole seemed perfect and as if moved by a single mind. The musketry soon became severe and my losses heavy; the color-sergeant severely wounded, the standard shot in two the second time, and the colors riddled with balls. The regiment to my left gave way, and then that upon my right. My Company A, thinking this meant for all to retire, arose and faced to the rear, but almost instantly resumed their position. The enemy came on and themselves prolonged my line to the right, occupied the wooded hill there, and enfiladed my line with a destructive fire. Lieutenant King, commanding Company C, fell dead, when Sergt. Alson C. Dilley assumed command of his company. Lieutenant Barnes, commanding Company E, went down with a broken thigh, and Lieutenant E. P. Evans was placed in command. Captain Yeomans carried off a ball in his upper leg, but he remained with his company during the battle under severe pain. Numbers fell dead and more were seriously wounded, but the line was firmly maintained. Lieutenant Clark coolly remarked, "They can kill us, but whip us never." Seeing no relief, I retired the regiment to the ridge in rear. In doing so, some troops passed obliquely through my right wing, which caused a little confusion there, but the ranks were closed immediately, and the crest occupied where ordered by General Wood. This position was repeatedly assaulted during the day in the most terrific manner by heavy forces of Longstreet's corps, but it was triumphantly maintained until the battle was ended and till after dark, when we were ordered to retire, which we did without molestation. Late in the afternoon two pieces of the Eighteenth Ohio Battery were placed at my command. The aided much to repulse the enemy. The Forty-first Ohio and Ninth Indiana, of General Hazen's brigade, Palmer's division, filed 2 rods to my rear, and added their veteran fire in repulsing the last assault.

