
[CHAP. XLII.

Valley toward the Tennessee River. Hazen's brigade, with Cockerill's battery, was at the time at Poe's Tavern, in the Tennessee Valley, and not then subject to my orders.

On the 3rd of September, Grose's brigade reached the mouth of Battle Creek, and the following night and next day crossed the river on rafts. Cruft was sent, by order of the general commanding, by way of Shellmound; found good boats, and crossed without difficulty.

During the afternoon of the 4th of September, both brigades were brought together at Shellmound.

On the 5th of September, I received orders to march to Whiteside's Station, on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, following Wood's division to that point, and then to move up the Valley of Running Water Creek. In the afternoon of that day, I followed Wood closely and reached Whiteside's at 9 p.m., and the next day marched up Running Water, clearing the road of trees felled by the enemy, and reached Cole's Academy, in Lookout Valley, near noon. My command remained at Cole's Academy until 4 o'clock in the morning of the 8th of September, and then moved down the Trenton and Chattanooga Railroad to Hawkins' Station, 1 1/2 miles to the rear of Wood. At Hawkins' information was received from General Wood that the enemy occupied Lookout Mountain in strong force. I at once sent two regiments to reconnoiter the face of the mountain, to ascertain if it could be ascended, and found a gap accessible to infantry and cavalry and applied to the general commanding the corps for his approval of an expedition to the top of the mountain to learn what the enemy was doing. I received his approval, and ordered Colonel Grose, with three regiments, to attempt the ascent at 3 o'clock next morning. At about 8 o'clock in the evening, Brigadier-General Wood called at my quarters and told me that he had received information that on the night before the enemy had relieved his infantry pickets along our front with cavalry, and proposed to make a reconnaissance toward Chattanooga with his own division early next morning, to be supported by me. I had already, with the approval of the general commanding the corps, ordered Colonel Grose to the top of the mountain, and was not able to meet General Wood's wishes.

At 3 o'clock on the morning of the 9th, Colonel Grose marched in execution of his order, and ascended the mountain with but little difficulty, and at 4 o'clock Captain McCook, of the staff of the general commanding, reached my quarters, and gave me information of the evacuation of Chattanooga.

Under orders from the general commanding the corps, at 8 o'clock on the 9th instant, with Cruft's brigade, two regiments of Colonel Grose's, all the artillery and baggage of both brigades I marched toward Chattanooga, following Wood's division and all his transportation. The road around the spur of the mountain was rough and blocked by the wagons of the First Division; in consequence, the march was slow and fatiguing. Upon reaching the eastern base of the mountain, I directed my march to Rossville, without passing through Chattanooga, and when near there drove a small cavalry force before me, and halted at Rossville for the night.

At 5 o'clock on the morning of the 10th, I received orders from the general commanding the corps directing me to take 100 rounds of ammunition per man and five days' rations, and march on the Dalton road by the way of Ringgold in pursuit of the enemy. I was ordered not to wait for my train, but leave that under a sufficient escort to

