
[CHAP. XLII.

enemy, and learn the cause of firing heard in that direction. This was handsomely done by Colonel Sedgewick and Colonel Rippey, with their respective regiments and one section of Standard's battery. About dusk the whole division bivouacked at Gordon's Mills.

September 13, early in the morning, Grose's pickets were fired upon by the enemy. After a noisy skirmish the enemy fell back. Grose remained in position during the day, watching a reconnaissance made by Van Cleve to the front, and Cruft marched back to Pea Vine Valley to support a reconnaissance by Colonel Wilder.

September 14, marched at 6 o'clock across Missionary Ridge to Henson's, in Chattanooga Valley; pushed one brigade 2 miles up the valley to Mitchell's.

September 15, started at daylight for the Chickamauga Valley. Marched by way of Crawfish Spring, and then up the valley to Gower's, two brigades occupying and covering the crossing at Gower's, and one was posted at Maatthew's, near Owens' Ford. September 16, Grose, with two regiments and one section of artillery, crossed the creek and drove a party of the enemy over the hills.

September 17, early in the morning, the enemy's cavalry attacked our pickets at Gower's. After a sharp skirmish, were repulsed with some loss in wounded and 1 prisoner. In the afternoon, marched down the creek toward Crawfish Spring, giving way to the Fourteenth Army Corps.

September 18, orders were received in the afternoon to relieve Colonel Barnes, of Van Cleve's division, at the ford near Glenn's, with one of my brigades. After putting Grose in position there I reported at department headquarters, and received orders to march to Gordon's Mills as soon as relieved by General Negley. While receiving these orders I was called upon by a staff officer of General Negley for information as to the position of the brigade on the creek to be relieved, and sent with him a staff officer (Lieutenant Scarritt) to guide him. I then, by written order, directed Colonel Grose, as soon as relieved, to march toward Crawfish Spring and await orders. Brigadier-General Hazen was ordered to follow Grose, and Cruft to move in the rear. These orders were promptly issued and delivered, and, placing the movement under the directions of General Cruft, I started soon after to Gordon's Mills to select a position for my command, but Grose was not, in fact, relieved before midnight. Hazen and Cruft were justified by my orders in awaiting his movement, and I have no doubt if Grose had been relieved by 7 o'clock, as I had every reason to believe would have been done, my whole command would have been in position at Gordon's Mills by 10 o'clock at the latest. These delays, however, made it nearly daylight before my command was in position on the left of Van Cleve's division, and about 1 mile north of Gordon's Mills.

At daylight the cavalry of Minty's brigade passed from the front to the left, giving me the information that the woods along the creek to my right front were occupied by the enemy. At about 9 o'clock by the enemy. At about 9 o'clock by the orders of the general commanding the corps, Colonel Grose was ordered with his brigade to reconnoiter the Rossville road as far as McDonald's Cross-Roads, ascertain if the road was clear and communicate with General Thomas. Soon after this brigade had marched, firing was heard in the direction of Rossville, which excited some apprehension for its safety, and about half past 10 o'clock a messenger came in from Colonel Grose in charge of one

