
of General Bragg's orderlies taken prisoner. From this prisoner, who was sent forward to headquarters, enough was learned to satisfy me that the enemy was near in force. In answer to Colonel Grose's inquiry as to whether he should engage the enemy reported near him-without information of the plans of the general commanding, beyond the contents of my orders, and under the belief that the defense of the position at Gordon's Mills was of vital importance-I ordered him not to engage unless there was a very clear prospect of doing good, but to return.

About noon I received orders to move my whole division to the assistance of our troops then engaged. I moved at once, and met Grose's brigade returning. After marching quickly for perhaps a mile and a half guided by the sounds of the firing, and forming lines to the right of the road, ordered Hazen, who was on the left, to march in the direction of the firing, Cruft to keep well closed up to him on his right, and Grose in reserve re-enforcing the right and engage as soon as possible.

At this moment I received a note from the general commanding the army, which led to a slight, but what turned out to be a most advantageous, change of formation. He suggested an advance en echelon by brigades, refusing the right, keeping well closed up on Thomas. This suggestion was adopted. The brigades, at about 100 paces intervals, pushed forward and engaged the enemy almost simultaneously. At once the fight became fierce and obstinate. From the character of the ground, but few positions could be found for the effective use of artillery; my batteries were used as well as was possible, but the work was confined mainly to the musket. Our men stood up squarely without faltering, and, after a struggle of perhaps an hour, the enemy were driven from the ground and pursued for a considerable distance. The firing along the line ceased and skirmishers were thrown forward, and as the ammunition of the Sixth and Twenty-fourth Ohio Regiments was completely exhausted, and all efforts to get a supply to them had so far failed, they were ordered back to the open ground in the rear, with the hope that they would meet the ammunition, which was known to be coming, and be ready to assistant in checking the enemy's force, which was obviously driving some troops, of what command I am not able to say; and, passing the right, giving orders to close up the lines, I rode back to the open ground from which my command had marched upon the enemy. I had hardly reached the road when some troops driven out of the woods crossed the road, pursued to the edge of the woods by the enemy. At that moment one brigade of General Reynolds passed going to the right, but as they seemed likely to go too far, I requested Colonel Robinson, of the Seventy-fifth Indiana, to meet the advancing enemy. He did so in fine style, and drove him back for a considerable distance. The officers and men of that regiment deserve great credit for their gallantry in this affair. After Robinson's regiment had moved off under my orders, General Reynolds suggested that his withdrawal had left his battery without support. I then ordered Colonel Anderson, with the Sixth Ohio, to fill his boxes and remain there until relieved, and returned to my own lines. Upon reaching them I found my men resting, and every means was being used to fill the cartridge-boxes. Hazen had been relieved by General Turchin, who had formed on Cruft's left, and he (Hazen) had retired to fill his boxes and protect some artillery which was threatened from the rear, and I then committed the error

