
[CHAP. XLII.

of directing Grose to move to the right to engage in a severe fight going on in that direction. I only for the moment saw that our troops were hard pressed and that mine were idle, but did not observe for a short time that one brigade was not enough to relieve them.

While riding toward Cruft's brigade, to order him to move to the right to support Grose, a heavy force came down upon him and Turchin. For ten minutes or more our men stood up under this fire, and then the enemy charged them and bore them back. Cruft, Turchin, and all their officers exerted themselves with distinguished courage to arrest the retreat, and I gave them what assistance I could. It seemed as if nothing would prevent a rout, but as if by magic the line straightened up, the men turned upon their pursuers with with the bayonet, and as quickly they turned and fled, and were in turn pursued. Many prisoners were brought to me at this point by soldiers for orders. I told them to break their muskets and let them go, and then go back to their places in the ranks. By this time the enemy had passed to the rear, and I left much apprehension for Hazen. I rode in the direction of heavy firing near the Rossville road, and found him with a part of his own brigade and a large conscription of stragglers and several pieces of artillery resisting an attempt of the enemy to cross an open field in his front. His fire was too hot, and they abandoned the effort. Very soon other troops of Reynolds' division came up; Grose collected his troops, who were somewhat scattered; Cruft was ordered to fall back to this point; our line were reformed, and the battle seemed over. Major-General Thomas who had been upon the ground all day, gave orders for the disposition of my command for the night, and the men suffering from cold built fires. About dusk the enemy made a furious attack upon General Johnson's command, which I then learned was upon my left. I at once ordered Cruft and Hazen to proceed rapidly to his support. They moved off with great alacrity, but did not reach the scene in time to participate in the affair.

About 8 o'clock I visited department and corps headquarters, and learned that from the difficulties of changing the positions of troops, it was expected, in the anticipated battle of the next day, my command would be subject to the immediate orders of Major-General Thomas, and this information was reiterated in orders on the morning of the 20th from the headquarters of the corps.

Early on the 20th, I was directed by Major-General Thomas to form along a ridge running from northeast to southwest and terminating near the Rossville road, closing on the left upon Johnson's division. Intending to avoid what seemed to me the common error of the day before (too extensive lines), Hazen and Cruft were put in position in two lines, and Grose in double column in reserve. The men hastily constructed barricades of logs, rails, and other materials, and awaited the attack. The engagement commenced by a furious assault upon the position of Baird on the extreme left, and soon extended along the whole front. This was repulsed with great slaughter. Then a more persistent attack was made, the chief weight of which fell upon the extreme left; some troops posted there fell back. By order of General Thomas, my reserve brigade was moved in that direction, and took part in the obstinate contest there. The enemy were repulsed, but Grose suffered very severely. I respectfully refer to his report in reference to the share his brigade took in that bloody affair.

The positions held by the divisions of Reynolds, Johnson, Baird,

