
and my own were frequently assailed during the day, but were maintained firmly by the willing men behind the barricades. A glance at the field along the front proved what these efforts were costing the enemy. At 2 o'clock unusually heavy firing was heard on the right of our position, which seemed like a determined effort on the part of the enemy to force the center of our line. Hazen was ordered by me to go in that direction. He moved off rapidly in obedience to the order. I heard his volley when he went in, and saw him no more that day. That his command did its duty, I have no doubt. I refer to his report for the details.

The remains of Grose's brigade had by this time returned, and now took Hazen's position in the line, but no formidable attempt was made upon us afterward. The enemy's sharpshooters were busy, and killed and wounded several officers, and some of our adventurous men tumbled-some of them from the trees upon which they were perched.

At about 5 o'clock I received an order from Major-General Thomas, by a staff officer, to retire. Under the impression that it was intended that I should, after retiring toward the rear of the center, form to resist the attacks which were coming on both flanks, I sent my orders to my brigade commanders, and rode to the Rossville road to await the head of the column. I reached the road and looked back across the field some 400 yards; my men were half way across. The enemy had already discovered the movement, and were crossing the barricades and firing. Batteries opened on us from the left and right, sweeping the road and field from opposite directions. It seemed impossible to bring men across the field in anything like good order. Grose was thrown into confusion, but Cruft came off in good style, and both with little loss. Cruft's brigade was retired slowly after leaving the field, frequently halting to serve as a nucleus for the reformation of our scattered troops. These brigades were conducted to the top of the ridge, formed and held until large crowds of stragglers passed, and, as I received no orders from any quarter, at late dusk I gave orders to the brigades to descend into the valley, throw out strong guards in the rear and front to resist any possible attack, and march to Rossville. The head of the column reached there at 8.40 p.m.

On the 21st instant, my command was placed in position on the ridge to the left of the Ringgold road, near Rossville. Barricades were constructed and the position occupied until 9 p.m., when, under orders, it was abandoned, and the troops retired to their present position. I can only say, in conclusion, that I am satisfied with the conduct of Brigadier-General Cruft and Hazen and Colonel William Grose, commanding brigades; they have earned a new title to my respect and confidence, while subordinates of all grades maintained the character for hardy courage and endurance which has been won by good service upon many fields.

The artillery, under the general control of Captain Standard, chief of artillery, was used skillfully and, under the circumstances, effectively. Standard had two and Cushing one gun disabled and abandoned. Captain Standard and Lieutenant Russell, Cushing, Cockerill, and Baldwin, skillful, gallant men, deserve well of the country. Lieutenant-Colonel Morton, aide-de-camp, and Captain J. R. Muhleman, assistant Adjutant-General, are missing, probably wounded, in the hands of the enemy. Captain Bartlett, of Seventh Illinois Cavalry, commanding my escort, Lieutenant Shaw, of the same company, ex-

