
[CHAP. XLIII.

hibited commendable courage. Captain D. W. Norton was wounded. Lieutenant Scarritt and Thomas, aides, behaved with great gallantry. Captain Steele, Forty-first Ohio, topographical engineer, rendered most important services on the whole march from Dunlap, to the battle-field, and on both of the days of the battle was on all occasions where duty called, exhibiting the highest courage and the most ready intelligence.

My thanks are due to Captain Howland, assistant quartermaster of the division; Lieutenant Chilton, commissary; the indefatigable Lieutenant Peck, who had charge of the transportation, and that model ordnance officer, Lieutenant Croxton, for the faithful manner in which they discharged their duties. Dr. Menzies, medical director, aided by Dr. Sherman and all the medical officers of the division, did all that was possible for skill, animated by humanity and sense of duty, for the relief of the wounded. Private Eby, Seventh Illinois Cavalry, remained with me all day as orderly, but at the close of the battle on Sunday was wounded and fell into the hands of the enemy.

I forward herewith the reports from brigades and regiments, and cordially approve the special mentions contained in them. Many of the instances of gallantry and good conduct adverted to in them occurred under my personal observation. I add, Colonel Sedgewick, Second Kentucky Regiment, remained with his regiment during both days' battles, kept it in good order under the heaviest fire, and brought it off the field ready to turn upon the enemy effectively at any moment. I recommend his promotion. Colonel Rippey, Ninetieth Ohio Regiment, remained with his regiment during both days' battle, kept it in good order, exhibiting great gallantry in resisting a charge of superior numbers on the 19th instant. Colonel Smith, Thirty-first Indiana Regiment, behaved with great courage and coolness. Lieutenant-Colonel Neff, of the same regiment, received a painful wound in the arm on the 19th, but refused to quit his post. He fought through both days and accompanied his regiment on its retreat. Colonel Wiley, Forty-first Ohio, for courage and coolness on the 19th and 20th. He kept the fire of his regiment under his control, firing by order and by volley. Colonel Suman, Ninth Indiana Regiment, for dauntless, steady courage. Colonel Waters, Eighty-fourth Illinois Regiment, for courage and steady composure in battle and vigilance in camp. Lieutenant-Colonel Carey, Thirty-sixth Indiana Regiment, was wounded on Saturday; remained with his command during the day; behaved with great courage. Colonel Anderson, Sixth Ohio Regiment, received a painful wound on Saturday; remained with his regiment until night; his courage and prudence deserve high praise. Major Erwin, Sixth Ohio Regiment assumed command after Colonel Anderson was disabled, and acquitted himself well. Lieutenant-Colonel Foy, Twenty-third Kentucky Regiment, exhibited great courage and devotion to duty.

These special references to officers are based upon my own observations of their conduct, and are not to be understood to reflect upon others who did not act under my eye.

I am, very respectfully,

J. M. PALMER,

Major-General.

Captain P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twenty-first Army Corps.

