
and cross the bridge over Chattanooga Creek at the tan-yard. Leave one brigade and your grand guards to cover your movement and fight their way in if necessary. Your infantry support must halt at the forks of the roads at the foot of the mountain and take a good position to repel all cavalry. This is in consequence of the retiring of our troops from Rossville, except a strong rear guard, and a line of pickets to retire as skirmishers and see that the road may not be blocked so as to prevent the crossing of the creek should the enemy push rapidly through the gap at Rossville. Send staff officers in advance to look out the fords of Chattanooga Creek above the bridge and blaze the trees.
By order of General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, September 22, 1863.

[General THOMAS:]

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that the two regiments on Missionary Ridge be left there by all means. General Garfield directed them to be recalled this morning through mistake. It is our picket line there, and it is to be contested inch by inch. The general commanding wants a good officer with the grand guards at that point. Please countermand the order to relieve them, and have a good line selected for defense and a clear way t retreat should it be necessary.

Very respectfully,J. P. DROUILLARD,

Captain,and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, Tenn., October 16, 1863.

SIR: I transmit inclosed copies of dispatches which are to accompany my last official report, addition to those already sent with it.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Crawfish Spring, September 18, 1863-12.15 p.m.

(Received 12.30.)

Major-General McCOOK:

The general commanding directs me to say that there are some appearances that the enemy are endeavoring to turn our left, in which case you will hold your corps in readiness to move up and take Thomas' place, or possibly to this point, as may be thought best.

Very respectfully, you obedient servant,FRANK S. BOND,

Major.

