
Numbers 151.

Report of Captain William E. Standart, First Ohio Light Artillery, Chief of Artillery.

CHATTANOOGA, September 28, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the batteries of Second Division, Twenty-first Army Corps:

On the 16th of August, left Manchester; arrived at Dunlap August 19.

On the 20th, Brigadier-General Hazen's brigade being ordered to Harrison's Landing, Battery F, Lieutenant Cockerill, moved with the brigade.

September 1, was ordered to move with the brigade that the batteries were temporarily attached [to] down the Sequatchie Valley.

On the 3rd, Batteries H and M, with the Third Brigade, colonel Grose, moved to Battle Creek, crossing the Tennessee River by 3 p.m. of the 4th, camping that night at Shellmound, Battery B crossing at Shellmound with First Brigade, General Cruft.

On the 5th, moved to Whiteside's; 6th, to Cole's Academy; 7th, in camp, and on the 8th, moved down the Trenton Valley road. On the 9th, moved on to Chattanooga, passing Lookout Mountain spur, going into camp at Rossville.

On the 10th, moved to Pea Vine Creek; some skirmishing, the First Kentucky losing some men by capture; the 11th, moved on to Ringgold, General Hazen joining the column at Graysville with Battery F.

On the 12th, moved to Lee and Gordon's Mills; 13th, in camp; 14th, Second and Third Brigades moved to foot of Lookout Mountain with Batteries H and F; Ma and B remained with First Brigade at Lee's Mill; 15th, moved back to Crawfish Spring, then to Owens' Ford, First Brigade going with Batteries M and B; 16th and 17th, moved along, changing positions often.

On the night of the 18th, moved to Gordon's Mills.

On the morning of 19th, Battery B was posted in position in an open lot to the left of General Wood's light fortifications. Battery F was in position near an open lot in front of General Hazen, Colonel Grose being ordered on a reconnaissance. One section of Battery F, in command of Lieutenant Cockerill, went to the front. Generals Cruft and Hazen being soon ordered to move out, Batteries H and M were ordered to join. Moving in column, with heavy skirmish line on our right, General Hazen being in front with Battery F, moved to the east and was soon engaged with the enemy. General Cruft, with Battery B, was soon engaged on General Hazen's right. Colonel Grose was soon in position with Battery M, H being held in reserve, facing south of east. The right of Colonel Grose being in danger of being flanked, the Sixth Ohio, Colonel Anderson, and one section of Battery H, were ordered to support the right, enemy moving on and around our right, Generals Reynolds and Van Cleve at the time being engaged on our right.

Soon the enemy made their appearance on the road, Generals Van Cleve and Reynolds' troops falling back rapidly. I then showed Captain Harris where they were, he opening his full battery. The Sixth Ohio at this time returned from the woods and took position to support Harris' battery. Batteries M and H [were] soon ready and in position to the left of Harris' battery, but being outflanked and nearly surrounded, retired from the ridge. At this time Gen-

46 R R-VOL XXX, PT I

