
[CHAP. XLII.

eral Hazen's column was crossing the road from what had been his position, moving up to check the enemy. [He] reported to Lieutenant Cockerill where he could get a good position. Battery H coming up at this time, they were posted so as to command an open space. The enemy checked at dark, had all the batteries in part ready to move. Batteries B and F were soon ordered to the line that was held by the Second Division on the 20th.

On the morning of 20th, got good position for Battery M. Colonel Grose's brigade being ordered on the reserve, placed H and M in reserve to the rear of Second Division. The Third Brigade, Colonel Grose, being ordered to support the left, Battery H moved with it [and] was soon hotly engaged. Lieutenant Cushing, not having a good position for his battery, retired, and reported the enemy on the left of the road in force, with a battery on the road. I sent to the reserve batteries of General Johnson's division, asking them to change front-to fire to the left. For some reason they did not. I then ordered Lieutenant Russell, Battery M, to change front and fire to the left, shell the woods to the left of the road, and silence the battery at the road, which was soon done. At this time [we were] getting a fire from front and rear from artillery, mostly passing over our position. Lieutenant Cushing reported his ammunition expended in his limbers; retired to his caissons; did not see him after that for the day. Soon afterward heard that the caissons had gone from where they had been. I went in search of them. General Brannan's division at this time was in full retreat. I was cut off from the division.

In going the ridge I found the caissons of Battery b [and] one limber of caisson of Battery M. At this time General Negley ordered all to the rear, as he was going to form a new line on the ridge. Found three Parrott guns and carriages abandoned that I had limbered, one spare limber, and one on the rear of caisson of Battery B. To the right and near an old field saw one 12-pounder Napoleon [and] one 12-pounder howitzer. Sent a sergeant with his limber for [them], as he had lost his pieces. All of which were taken to Rossville.

The officers of the batteries and all of the men behaved with remarkable coolness and did their full duty, especially Lieutenants Russell and Butler, of Battery M; Lieutenants Cushing and Floyd, of Battery H (Lieutenant Floyd being wounded on the 19th); Lieutenants Baldwin and Throup, of Battery B; Lieutenants Cockerill Osburn, Patton, and Lynch, of Battery F (Lieutenant Lynch was wounded and died on the 19th).

Casualties.-Battery M: Enlisted men killed,2; enlisted men wounded,6; Caissons abandoned,3. HOrses killed and abandoned, 14.

Battery H: Commissioned officer wounded,1; enlisted men killed, 5; enlisted men wounded,16. One 12-pounder howitzer, carriage, and limber abandoned. Horses killed and abandoned, 23.

Battery B; Enlisted man killed, 1; enlisted men wounded,8; enlisted men missing, 4-1 voluntarily. Six-pounder James rifles and gun carriages abandoned,2. Horses killed and abandoned,13.

Battery F: Commissioned officer killed,1; enlisted man killed,1; enlisted men wounded,8; enlisted men missing,2. Horses killed and abandoned,12.

All of which I respectfully submit.

W. E. STANDART,

Captain Company B, First Ohio Vol. Arty.,

and Chief of Arty., 2nd Div., 21st Army Corps.

Captain D. W. NORTON, Actg. Asst. Adjut. General, Second Div.

