
[CHAP. XLII.

I also herewith submit the report of Lieutenant Wright aide-de-camp, accompanied with the plat of the locality the affair occurred, marked E.*

I also append a corrected list of the 58 officers and men captured, marked F.#

On the whole matter, it is difficult for me to express an opinion which may not unjustly reflect on those whom I esteem good soldiers, or on the other [hand] reflects harshly on companions in arms whom I believe to be good officers. The First Kentucky Regiment is one of the oldest in the service, and is composed of brave officers and men. Its record is good, and has been earned by bold acts on the battle-field. To account for the affair of the 10th, above reported on, we are forced to one of three conclusions, either that the officers and men were careless, that they became panic-stricken, or that there is some want of confidence between officers and men hitherto unsuspected.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

CHARLES CRUFT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain J. R. MUHLEMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION,In the Field, Chattanooga, Tenn., September 28, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I herewith submit a summary report of the movements and operations of this brigade from the 3rd to the 18th instant, inclusive.

Thursday, September 3.- The command was encamped on the Little Sequatchie, 5 miles north of Jasper. At 11 a.m. it took up line of march, following General Van Cleve's division, then passing. My orders were to march to mouth of Battle Creek and join the division and cross there. On arriving at Jasper, about 1.30 p.m., General Crittenden ordered a change in the direction of the march, and directed the brigade to cross the Tennessee at Shellmound. The column reached the river about 7 p.m. March of the day, 12 miles. The rear of Colonel Harker's brigade, of General Wood's division, was crossing on my arrival. The ferry was in charge of a detachment of the pioneer corps. It consisted of seven flats, and was well managed by the pioneer officer in charge. He was an accommodating, gentlemanly, and hard-working officer, and I regret to have forgotten his name.

My column commenced ferriage at 10 p.m. At 1 a.m. all the infantry and half the battery was in bivouac on the opposite shore. The passage of the rest of the battery, my escort, &c., consumed some two hours more. The whole passage of the river was effected in about five hours.

Friday, September 4.-Lay in bivouac at Shellmound all day.

Saturday, September 5.-At 3 p.m. moved out on the Chattanooga road to near Whiteside's, and encamped for the night on Running Water Creek. Marched 9 miles.

Sunday, September 6.-Marched at 6 a.m. southward along Murphy's Valley road to the intersection of Nickajack road. Cut the felled timber out of the road at places where it had been obstructed

---------------

*See p. 739.

#Omitted.

---------------

