
along for some 4 miles. Met General Brannan's column at Nickajack road. Went about a mile south from the intersection and encamped near Cole's Academy, called by the people Squirreltown. Marched 6 miles.

Monday, September 7.-Lay at Squirreltown all day; sent a company (K, Thirty-first Indiana, Captain Hager), to establish a signal station on Lookout range. It discovered the locality of Nickajack Gap-say 3 miles east of our camp-and attempted to reach the top of the mountain. A sharp skirmish was had with the enemy near the top of the gap. The force of the enemy was too heave to effect the purpose, and the company fell back. The only casualty was 1 man wounded. The reconnaissance established the fact that the pass was practicable for troops. I was ordered to take two regiments to the support of the company. Took Thirty-first Indiana (Colonel J. T. Smith) and Ninetieth Ohio (Colonel Rippey), and marched to base of mountain. Finding Captain Hager's company safely retired, and orders not permitting any attempt farther on the pass, I returned.

Tuesday, September 8.-At 4 a.m. marched to Hawkins'Station, on Trenton Railway, and went into camp at 7 a.m.; march, 5 1/2 miles. Sent Major Mitchell with battalion of five companies, First Kentucky Volunteers, as guard to the supply train back to Bridgeport. Sent Second Kentucky (Colonel Sedgewick) to make reconnaissance along base of Lookout Mountain. Discovered locality of Powell's Gap.

Wednesday, September 9.- Left Hawkins' Station at 9 a.m., and marched over spurt of Lookout Mountain leaving Chattanooga to the left, to Rossville; march, 16 miles. Had a short skirmish with the enemy's cavalry at Rossville, resulting in their retreat with no casualties.

Thursday, September 10.-Left Rossville at 6 a.m. and marched to Pea Vine Creek, 7 miles arriving at about 10.30 a.m. Encountered enemy's cavalry at Pea Vine and had some skirmishing. My picket guard on Ringgold road, consisting of four companies of First Kentucky, under Major Hadlock, was attacked by enemy's cavalry, and 58 officers and men captured (a report in detail of this affair has been rendered.) The residue of the afternoon was spent in skirmishing with Pegram's cavalry. Colonel Sedgewick, by my order, with Second Kentucky, made a reconnaissance down the road leading to the right, for 1 1/2 miles, immediately after crossing creek without results.

Friday, September 11.- Marched at 7 a.m., via Graysville, to Ringgold, 8 miles, and encamped on south bank, east fork, of Chickamauga River, above the town.

Saturday, September 12.-Marched at 5 a.m. toward Lee and Gordon's Mills. Skirmished with enemy's cavalry and went into line, say 3 1/2 miles east of mills, near Pea Vine Church. In the evening took camp near the mills, on east side Chickamauga; march of the day, 12 miles.

Sunday, September 13.-Sharp skirmishing on picket line at 7 a.m. Formed line of battle and lay till, say, 10 a.m. Was then sent on reconnaissance on the road of yesterday to support Wilder's brigade of mounted infantry. Sent the Ninetieth Ohio (Colonel Rippey south on the cross-roads leading from Pea Vine Church, and posted it on a ridge. The other three regiments were posted farther east, and nearly as of yesterday. Had some skirmishing with enemy;

