
the retreating mass, and engaged the enemy sturdily, checking him sufficiently, perhaps, to prevent a rout. The moment was critical. Soldiers and officers ran to the rear, mingled with guns and caissons,in much disorder, and the whole plateau was rapidly being commanded by the enemy's musketry. At this time orders reached me to with draw my command. The battery was ordered from its position, and the Ninetieth Ohio changed front, covering it, and the retrograde movement commenced. After proceeding about a hundred yards, my command encountered the head of General Turchin's brigade column coming up on my flank from the left and rear. The Ninetieth Ohio was halted and faced to the front, and the artillery ordered to the right upon the ridge. The Ninetieth was ordered to fix bayonet and charge the enemy, which was responded to with a yell of enthusiasm by the men,, and the regiments started back at double-quick. General Turchin hurried up a regiment from the head of his column, which formed rapidly on the left, rushed forward with the Ninetieth Ohio, and the otherwise cheerfully assisted in the charge so far as his column could do from its position. In sweeping to the front, the Ninetieth Caught a portion of the Thirty-first Indiana and Second Kentucky, and the whole mass rolled down on the enemy, making a most successful charge. The rout of the enemy was complete, and the line was restored. Great credit is due to the officers and men of the Ninetieth Ohio for the cheerful and gallant manner in which they made this charge, and the zeal in which they pursued the enemy after he had fled.

The brigade was now formed in line covering part of the ground which we had previously lost and holding it firmly until 5 p.m, when orders were received to fall back and bivouac for the night. The brigade was accordingly marched back, in good order, to the Rossville road, near Kelly's house, about a mile to the northward from where it had turned off in the morning. It had now become dark. The men had scarcely got their camp fires lighted when heavy musketry was heard in the woods to the northeast indicating, as was said, a night attack upon General Johnson's division. The brigade was ordered by General Palmer to his relief. The men were got to arms quickly, and the column marched out a narrow road in the direction of the firing. After proceeding east a short distance, the road turned pretty squarely to the north. Passing the curve a short distance, the brigade was formed in line of battle, facing the east, and an advance ordered. Owing to the darkness of the night and the inequality of the ground, it was found almost impossible to advance in order. Sending to the front, it was ascertained that a line of fires of our troops was between the brigade and General Johnson's forces. Firing now ceased, and the arrival of officers from the front, who explained the cause, obviated the necessity for attempting a farther advance. Upon reporting my position to the general commanding division, orders were received to bivouac for the night. The ground was selected as carefully as could be done in the darkness, and the regiments posted in line. During the early part of the night, General Johnson's division returned from the front and took position in extension of my line on the left, and General Hazen's brigade moved in on the right.

During the preceding night and by daylight of the morning of 20th, the various regiments of the brigade had constructed rough log breastworks along the front. There were but few tools in the hands of the men, but they worked cheerfully and industriously with what

