
[CHAP. XLII.

they had, and availed themselves of every device to provide some protection. The ground was favorable for a line. It lay along a crest which fell off gradually to the front for the distance of about good musket range, and then rose up to a corresponding ridge, lower, however, than that which we occupied. A narrow road ran along the crest. The position of the troops on the flanks was the same as on the night before.

The attack commenced on our front at 7.40 a.m. It was very sharp and determined, and consisted of a series of persistent assaults with musketry and occasional artillery, continuing until about 12 m. Musketry and artillery were required almost constantly along the brigade line, during these four hours, to repel the enemy.

At the commencement of the fight the brigade was disposed in two lines. The Second Kentucky and Thirty-first Indiana comprised the first line, the Ninetieth Ohio and battalion of First Kentucky, the reserve line. The direction was N. 10 E. The battery was on the right flank. The lines were passed at 11 a.m., and the Ninetieth Ohio and battalion of the First Kentucky became the front line. This position was held firmly against every attack, and with but few casualties on our side, and apparently with considerable losses on the part of the enemy. So complete was the protection afforded by the rude breastworks which had been constructed that not an enlisted man was killed while the brigade occupied this position, and but very few wounded. The enemy's sharpshooters constantly fired from trees at long rifle range at officers, and it was exceedingly hazardous for them to move about. One officer was killed and several wounded here during the morning.

At 11.30 a.m. a very severe attack was made on the troops upon our left. Their line curved around toward the Rossville road. The attack seemed to be made at a point about midway between the road and the front of my line. The musketry indicated a heavy engagement, and our lines seemed to give way under it to such a degree as seriously to threaten my left flank and rear. The reserve line of the brigade was faced to the rear, and marched a short distance with change of direction so as to be opposite the line of the enemy's fire, and the battery placed in position to be speedily withdrawn in case we should be flanked. The arrival of re-enforcements, however, soon repelled the attack.

At 12 m. another and apparently more determined attack was made in the same quarter. About 12.30 p.m. the sound indicated heavy work upon the extreme right of our lines. Occasional attacks were made on the skirmish lines in my front from 12 to 2 p.m., but the lines, having been strengthened, were sufficient to resist them successfully.

About 2 p.m. the fighting to the right of our position again became severe. At 2.40 p.m., General Hazen's brigade having been withdrawn from my right, orders were received to occupy the breastworks which had been held by his line. The Thirty-first Indiana and Second Kentucky were taken from my reserve line and thrown into them. At this time the enemy commenced using artillery freely on the position held by the brigade from three directions. Their range, however, was imperfect, and their shells generally passed over the men. At this time, and during the balance of the time that we occupied the line, it is most probable that no heavy force of the enemy lay on our immediate front. A very considerable force of sharpshooters was there, which kept up a continuous and irregular

