
fire. At 3.55 p.m. terrible musketry opened on the extreme right of our lines, and continued without intermission until 4.40 p.m.

At 5.12 p.m. orders were brought me to abandon the position in which the brigade then was, and retire across the Rossville road to the wood beyond. There was no intimation given that the line was falling back generally, and officers and men of the brigade supposed when the movement commenced that they were marching to relieve our troops on the extreme right who were being so hotly engaged. The regiments were marched out from behind the breastwork, formed in line, and, moving out separately, formed in column of regiments at long intervals, and marched across the open field to our rear under a most severe artillery fire from two directions, Standart's battery and Russell's battery following the column in good order. But very few casualties occurred while passing through fire. Upon reaching the woods to the west of the Rossville road Lieutenant Thomas, of General Palmer's staff, communicated to me the design of the movement and the direction which should be taken. The brigade was then halted. At this time Lieutenant-Colonel Foy, of the Twenty-third Kentucky, Third Brigade, reported to me, having become separated from his brigade and was placed in my column. Here also a large lot of stragglers were picked up and put in my line. The regiments were ordered to double column on the center, which was quickly done, and the line moved through the woods down a slope, across a field, and up to the summit of Missionary Ridge in very good order, and with but little straggling, although still under the artillery fire of the enemy until it had crossed the field. The batteries were sent around to the right into the crossroad which led into the ravine that passed through the ridge, with instructions to halt after passing beyond the enemy's artillery range. They were subsequently ordered forward.

When the brigade reached the top of Missionary Ridge, it was aligned regularly and faced to the front in line of battle. There was no other organized command to be seen upon the ridge. There was a multitude of stragglers. An attempt was made to force or persuade them to form a line in extension of the brigade line. Very many commissioned and non-commissioned officers assisted me in trying to restore order and form a line. The brigade was halted in position for about an hour, during which time I met the general commanding the division and received his order to move the brigade out the road and halt there, which was executed. Subsequently, it was ordered to march to Rossville, which was accordingly done in as good order as on any ordinary march. An advance and rear guard were posted. and all the ordinary discipline of marched was observed.

The brigade reached Rossville about 8.15 p.m., and was placed in line and arms stacked, and details sent for water. After the men were supplied with water, it was marched to a convenient camp and bivouacked for the night, the ordinary roll-calls were had, and camp guard posted.

On the morning of the 21st, the brigade was marched east to the top of Missionary Ridge, on the Ringgold road, and took position on the right of the division, with its right resting near the road. Breastworks were constructed in front of the brigade line by 9 a.m., and the command rested during the day behind these. A large party of skirmishers rested during the day behind these. A large party of skirmishers were sent to the front and considerable skirmishing had with the enemy during the day without any casualties whatever.

