
[CHAP. XLII.

The brigade was subjected during the day to the shelling from the enemy's guns and to annoyance his sharpshooters, but without any losses. At 9 p.m. in compliance with orders, the brigade marched from camp to Chattanooga. Three companies and the picket were left in position during the night, and to await orders to leave. Orders were subsequently sent to the officer in charge of the force left behind (Lieutenant-Colonel Hurd, Second Kentucky) to leave just before dawn of day, which was accordingly done, and the entire force rejoined its command shortly after sunrise without any casualty. Colonel Hurd performed this duty very gallantly.

The following is a summary of the casualties of the brigade in the battle of the 19th and 20th:

Killed. Wounded. Missing.

 Offi	 Men.	 Offi	 Men.	 Offic	 Men.	 Tota

Command. 	 cers	 	 cers	 	 ers.	 	 l

 .	 	 .

31st Indiana	 1	 4	 2	 59	 ---	 17	 83

1st Kentucky	 ---	 2	 1	 25	 ---	 3	 31

2nd Kentucky	 1	 9	 5	 59	 ---	 18	 92

90th Ohio	 2	 5	 2	 60	 1	 14	 84

Total infantry	 4	 20	 10	 203	 1	 52	 290

Standart's

battery	 ---	 1	 ---	 8	 --- 	 4	 13

Aggregate	 4	 21	 10 	 211	 1	 56	 303

The greater part of the casualties occurred in the battle of the 19th instant. The officers killed were: Captain William I. Leas, Thirty-first Indiana Volunteers; Captain James M. Bodine, Second Kentucky Volunteers; Captain R. D. Caddy and Adjt. D. N. Kingery, Ninetieth Ohio Volunteers. All of these officers fell in the discharge of their duties and in their places, bravely doing their work.

The officers wounded were: Lieutenant-Colonel Neff, Thirty-first Indiana; Major Baldwin, Second Kentucky; Captains Martin, Stacey, and Hurd, Second Kentucky; Lieutenants Tilly, First Kentucky; Haviland and Connelly, Thirty-first Indiana; Patterson, Ninetieth Ohio, and Bryant, Second Kentucky.

The number of prisoners captured from the enemy and sent to the rear by this brigade, from first to last, during the battle, was 41.

A plat of the portions of the battle-field over which this brigade fought, prepared by Lieutenant George R. Crow, topographical engineer, of my staff, is hereto appended, marked A.* This plat shows the positions occupied by the brigade during the battle, together with somewhat of the topography of the surrounding country.

The reports of Colonel Sedgewick, Second Kentucky Volunteers; Colonel Smith, Thirty-first Indiana Volunteers; Colonel Rippey, Ninetieth Ohio Volunteers, and Lieutenant-Colonel Hadlock, First Kentucky Volunteers, are also submitted and attached hereto, marked, respectively, B, C, D, and E. These reports are in the main prepared with care and furnish a history of the operations of the regiments with as few minor discrepancies perhaps as are possible in the description of battles. Appended to each of these reports is a detailed statement of the casualties of the regiment.

The regimental commanders make numerous special mentions of

---------------

*See p. 737.

---------------

