
officers for gallant conduct which I know to be well merited. With one accord they also commend the behavior of the enlisted men of their commands. This commendation was well earned. Almost every non-commissioned officer and soldier of the brigade deserves notice for his good conduct on the field during the recent battles. Though suffering from loss of rest and want of water (in common with the rest of the army), the soldiers of the brigade exhibited a cheerfulness and willingness in the discharge of their duties during the two days of the fight which merits high commendation. A list of these special mentions is collated and hereto appended, marked F.

The report of Major James W. Mitchell, First Kentucky Volunteers, who was absent on detailed service with five companies of that regiment from the 7th to the 24th instant, is hereto attached, marked G. Though near the battle-fields of the 19th and 20th the character of his detail prevented his command from taking an active share in the engagements. The report furnishes a detailed account of the operations of his battalion during the time above specified.

The detailed report of Surg. W. C. Hendricks, Thirty-first Indiana Volunteers, acting brigade surgeon, is herewith submitted, marked H, containing all the required surgical information in regard to the casualties of the battle. The hospitals of the division were so far to the rear of the battle-fields as to render it impossible to visit them. A good account was brought to me of the efforts of the brigade surgeon and the entire medical staff of the regiments to care for and relieve the wounded during the engagements. The lack of transportation, however, compelled us to leave many wounded on the field.

It is not within the province of this report to mention by name all the field, staff, and line officers who distinguished themselves during the late battles by good service. These are covered by the regimentalists to which reference is made. With regard to commanders of regiments and detachments of the brigade, I will say that the personal carriage of Colonels Sedgewick, Rippey, and Smith in the field was courageous at all times proper. These officers handled their commands well. They are soldiers of long service, and have been frequently mentioned in official reports of other fields for good conduct. Meritorious service placed each of them in their present position, and they should not be omitted in the roll of honorable names which will spring from the recent sanguinary battles. I recommend the promotion of Colonel Sedgewick. Lieutenant-Colonel Hadlock behaved well upon the field and managed his battalion with skill and bravery. It did good work, though it was small in numbers and sustained the well-earned reputation of its regiment.

Lieutenant N. A. Baldwin, commanding Standart's battery, handled his guns well, and by the promptness and fearlessness with which his battery was at all times maneuvered, as ordered, contributed largely to repelling the enemy. Lieutenant D. H. Throup nobly seconded his commander, and managed his pieces with judgment and courage. The battery fully sustained the good reputation which it has hitherto enjoyed. During the action of the 20th instant, one of the pieces became disabled and was sent to the rear and probably fell into the hands of the enemy; another was also injured by a premature discharge, and on the march from the field was compelled to be left on the road owing to the breakage of the carriage. No other property of the battery was lost. Upon the withdrawal of the two guns from Standart's battery, on the 20th instant, Lieutenant Russell, Battery

