
[CHAP. XLII.

M, Fourth U. S. Artillery, then lying in reserve, kindly replaced them with two howitzers from his battery, which were gallantly served with my command during the afternoon. Lieutenant Russell's battery retired from the field with my command.

I recommend that a certificate of honor be given by the general commanding to Corp. Jesse R. Dodd, Company F, Thirty-first Indiana, for gallant conduct in seizing the colors of his regiment upon the fall of the color-bearer and bravely bearing them during the residue of the battle; and also to Corpl. James J. Holliday, Company H, Ninetieth Ohio Volunteers, for a similar act in respect to his regimental colors.

The following officers of the staff were with me constantly on the field, to wit; Captain W. H. Fairbanks, (Thirty-first Indiana Volunteers), acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant John A. Wright (First Kentucky Volunteers), acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant H. Weinedel (Second Kentucky Volunteers), acting brigade inspector; Lieutenant J. B. Socwell (First Kentucky Volunteers), acting brigade commissary, and Lieutenant George R. Crow (Ninetieth Ohio Volunteers), acting topographical engineer. These staff officers were much exposed during the battles, and each acquitted himself in a faithful and soldierly manner, and has my gratitude for his assistance and good conduct.

I am, captain, very truly, &amp;c.,

CHARLES CRUFT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain D. W. NORTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

[Appendix F.]

LIST OF SPECIAL MENTIONS FROM REGIMENTAL REPORTS.

Report of Thirty-first Indiana Volunteers.-Lieutenant-Colonel Neff and Adjutant Noble, wounded but continued at post. Lieutenants Connelly and Haviland, wounded and carried to the rear. Company commanders, Captains Waterman, Pickins, Brown, Hager, Hallowell; First Lieutenants Morris, Mason, Brown, Scott; also Second Lieutenants Roddy, Hatfield, Ford, Powers, Fielding, Douglas, Wells, and McKinzie, for good conduct, acquitted themselves gallantly. Chaplain Hiram Gillmore, "constantly on field attending to wounded; much exposed; had his horse killed." Assistant Surgeon McKinney, "on the field and rendered all assistance in his power." Corpl. Jesse K. Dodd, Company, I, "seized the colors when color-sergeant was shot and bravely carried them the remainder of the day."

Report of the Ninetieth Ohio Volunteers.-Major Perry, Captains Rains, Witherspoon, Hitchcock, and Angle; First Lieutenants Felton, Sutphen, and Cook, "for coolness, fortitude, and bravery." J. A. Wright, aide-de-camp on general's staff, "for gallant services rendered on Saturday, 19th instant. Corpl. James J. Holliday seized the colors when color-sergeant was shot and carried them the remainder of the day.

Report of Second Kentucky Volunteers.-Lieutenant Colonel John R. Hurd "displayed the greatest gallantry." Major O. L. Baldwin "was wounded while gallantly encouraging the line during a heavy attack."

Report of the First Kentucky Volunteers.-"Great praise is due to Companies B, D, G, and K, for coolness and bravery on the field."

