
[CHAP. XLII.

sheltered but the slight rise in their front from the enemy's artillery if he used any, I rode back and reported to you. In going to the front again, and reaching the high ground at the log-house, I hear a tremendous cheering, and almost simultaneously the infantry fired a good steady volley. the sound had scarcely died away before the cavalry dashed through the lines, one of them coming up to within 20 yards of Standart's battery. As soon as the line was first broken by the cavalry the firing ceased, and by some unaccountable means 2 commanding officers (Captain Jones and Lieutenant Kautz of Company D), and 56 enlisted men were taken by the enemy. The enemy made their charge at full gallop and with great impetuosity, firing only a few straggling shots. The position of the advance will be better understood by reference to the accompanying diagram.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers A. WRIGHT,

First Lieutenant, and Aide-de-Camp.

Brigadier-General CRUFT,

Commanding First Brigade, Second Division.

Numbers 154.

Report of Colonel John T. Smith, Thirty-first Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. 31ST REGT. INDIANA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Camp near Chattanooga, Tenn., September 28, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit herewith a report of the part borne by the Thirty-first Regiment Indiana Volunteer Infantry in the late engagement with the Confederate forces under command of General Bragg, on the Little Chickamauga, near Missionary Ridge, on the 19th and 20th instant.

We crossed the Tennessee River at Shellmound on the night of 3rd instant, and the afternoon of the 5th instant moved out on the River road toward Chattanooga, and at 10 o'clock at night we bivouacked in Whiteside's Valley.

Early next morning we moved out on the road leading to Nickajack Pass, finding the road much obstructed by the felling of trees, which we soon removed, and formed a junction with General Brannan's division,some 4 miles from Trenton, near the railroad running from that place to Chattanooga.

On the 7th, Company K was detailed to establish and guard a signal station on Lookout Mountain, but before they reached the summit they discovered that the enemy held that point,and a brisk skirmish ensued, in which Private Andrew Case was slightly wounded. The Thirty-first Regiment and Ninetieth Ohio were ordered to their support, but the company having cleared its front and the enemy making no further resistance, the regiments returned to camp. This reconnaissance discovered Nickajack Pass and its practicability.

On the 8th instant, we moved down the Trenton Valley some 5 miles and bivouacked near General Wood's divisions. At 9 a.m. of the 9th instant, we moved in the direction of Chattanooga; leaving the main road at the base of the mountain we bivouacked for the night at Rossville, some 5 miles south of Chattanooga.

---------------

*See p. 739.

---------------

