
On the morning of the 10th, at 3 o'clock the Thirty-first was thrown forward to the summit on the left-hand or Ringgold road. Here we captured 3 prisoners, and at 7 a.m. we rejoined the brigade, which was moving in the direction of Ringgold. We halted at Pea Vine Creek at 11 a.m., and had scarcely stacked arms when the advance guard was driven in. The Thirty-first was immediately moved forward, Companies G and I in advance as skirmishers, who engaged the enemy and drove him some 2 miles, the regiment following in supporting distance. We then returned to Pea Vine Creek and bivouacked for the night. Early next morning we moved out via Graysville to Ringgold, where we again bivouacked and passed the night.

At 6 o'clock on the morning of the 12th instant, we moved out on the La Fayette road and came to the enemy's pickets, some 3 maneuvering, were driven back, and we passed on to the mill, where we bivouacked for the night. Early next morning our pickets were driven in and the day was spent in line of battle and maneuvering, but the enemy making no further demonstration, we retired to the mill, and passed the night and remained until the afternoon of the 15th, when we moved some 3 miles south of Crawfish Spring near Matthews' house.

The afternoon of the 17th, we moved back to Abercrombie's house, a distance of 1 1/2 miles, where we remained until the evening of the 18th, when we moved to a position one-half a mile north of Lee and Gordon's Mills.

At 11 a.m. of the 19th, we moved down the Chattanooga road some 1 1/2 miles, or to McNamara's, when we moved by the right flank or in line, Company E deployed as skirmishers, the Second Kentucky on our right and the Ninetieth Ohio on our left.

We had moved in that direction but a few rods when our skirmishers engaged those of the enemy, driving them some three-quarters of a mile to an open field, beyond which we found the enemy in line of battle, and we were soon engaged in a close contest for some two hours, expending on an average 50 rounds of ammunition per man and driving the enemy from our front. WE then retired some 50 paces to the woods, where we rested and filled up our cartridge boxes.

By this time the enemy was pressing the forces on the right of our brigade. We were ordered to change front perpendicularly to the right, but just as this movement was accomplished, the troops on our right, and front gave way, and were precipitated on the right of our regiment, closely followed by a heavy column of the enemy. WE then attempted to withdraw, but in doing so the regiment became somewhat scattered, but were soon rallied, and joined in a charge against the enemy, repulsing him handsomely. After holding the ground for some time, we were moved to the Chattanooga road, near Kelly's house, where we prepared to bivouac for the night, but the enemy making an assault on a division to our left, we were moved to its support. On getting into position, we found the enemy repulsed, and we were ordered to rest on arms for the night.

Early on the morning of the 20th, we prepared some hasty defenses of logs and trees, and at one-quarter before 8 a.m. the enemy made his appearance on our immediate front and made a vigorous assault on our feeble works. He was, however, soon repulsed but renewed the attack three different times, but was forced to retire severely punished.

