
[CHAP. XLII.

We continued to hold our position during the day until near 5 p.m., when we were ordered to retire, and in doing so, had to pass through an open field under a most terrific shower of shot and shell. This movement was conducted with perfect order and self-possession.

After gaining the wood, the regiment was formed in line with the brigade facing the enemy amid a perfect mass of scattered and disordered troops. Here we rested for near an hour, when we marched leisurely to Rossville.

During the engagement of the 19th, Captain William I. Leas fell mortally wounded while leading his command in a charge against the enemy. He was a brave and faithful officer, and had, by his bravery on this and other occasions, won the esteem of his command and of the entire regiment. Color-Sergt. John West was killed while bearing the colors before the enemy. No sooner, however, had he fallen than the colors were gathered up and unfurled by Corpl. Jesse R. Dodd, of Company F, who bravely carried them during the remainder of the day. Lieutenant-Colonel Neff was struck on the elbow with a spent canister, disabling his arm, but the remained on the field, always at his post. Adjutant Noble was slightly wounded, but continued at his post until the close of the engagement. Lieutenant Connelly was severely wounded and carried off the field. Lieutenant Haviland received a slight but painful wound and was sent to the rear.

The company commanders, Captains Waterman, Pickins, Grimes, Brown, Hager, Hallowell, and Lieutenants Morris, Mason, Brown, and Scott, all maneuvered their commands successfully, and acquitted themselves with much gallantry. Lieutenants Roddy, Hatfield, Ford, Powers, Douglas, Fielding, Wells, and McKinzie were all cool, faithful, and brave, and rendered much efficient service.

Chaplain Gillmore was constantly on the field attending to the wounded, and was much exposed, having his horse killed.

Assistant-Surgeon McKinney was on the field and rendered all the assistance in his power.

I cannot express terms of praise too high for the conduct of my entire command. During the entire campaign they evinced a spirit of endurance and bravery unexcelled, which was truly gratifying to myself as well as creditable to them.

Appended you will find a list of casualties.*

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

JOHN T. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. H. FAIRBANKS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 155.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Alva R. Hadlock, First Kentucky Infantry.
HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT KENTUCKY VOLUNTEERS,September 10, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the following report of skirmish of First Kentucky Infantry:

On the morning of the 10th, took up line of march, proceeding to-

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 176.

---------------

