
ward Ringgold, Ga. Having advanced near three-quarters of a mile, two companies (B and K) were ordered to the front as skirmishers, and Companies G and D, the remaining part of the regiment, were held in reserve. Company K was deployed to the right and left of the road, while B was held as first reserve. The two companies were under the immediate command of Lieutenant Wright, aide-de-camp. The skirmishers advanced slowly and cautiously until the advance arrived near Pea Vine Creek, when the cavalry advanced, dismounted, and deployed to the right and in front of my line of skirmishers. Scarcely had they advanced 200 yards before they encountered the advance picket post of the enemy, driving them slowly before them for over a mile, my regiment (four companies) keeping within supporting distance; here the cavalry, encountering a superior force of the enemy, were obliged to retire. The line of skirmishers (First Kentucky) was now re-enforced, Company K being deployed to the right of the road, 10 men from Company B were thrown forward to the left, and 10 men to the left on the right of Company K, while the reserve (two companies) were drawn up in line across the road; at- p.m. the enemy's cavalry, supported by infantry made a dash, breaking through my lines and throwing the men into confusion. To take the cover was now the only measure left, but the enemy advancing on another road on my right flank, a great many of the men broke cover and were captured.

It is needless to say, had we been properly supported, the enemy might have been checked and the shameful occurrence of to-day might have been guarded against. The skirmishers were at least a mile in advance of the column. I took into the skirmish 9 officers and 144 effective men, whom I must say exhibited courage, and obeyed all my orders with cheerfulness and alacrity until it became known to them that they were not supported.

The following table will show the casualties of regiment; Missing, commissioned officers,2; enlisted men,56; Aggregate, 58.

Respectfully submitted.

A. R. HADLOCK,

Major,* Commanding First Kentucky.

Brigadier-General CRUFT.
HDQRS. FIRST REGT. KENTUCKY VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Near Chattanooga, Tenn., September 24, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with orders, I have the honor to transmit the following report of the part taken by four companies of the First Kentucky Volunteers during the engagements of September 19 and 20:

On the morning of the 19th, I was ordered by General Cruft to take a position in the rear of and act as escort to three batteries (B, First Ohio, H and M, Fourth United States), and to proceed with them until further orders.

After marching with them about 2 miles, I was ordered by General Palmer to take position in the rear of Cushing's battery, which was about engaging the enemy, and to support it. I remained there under a terrible musketry fire until the battery was forced from its position and Colonel Grose's brigade was obliged to retire to a new line.

---------------

*Promoted lieutenant-colonel to date from September 14.

---------------

