
[CHAP. XLII.

Allowing the battery sufficient time to take a new and safer position, I formed my four companies with the Twenty-third Kentucky Volunteers on the new line of Grose's brigade, there engaging the enemy desperately until the entire line was broken, when I fell back in good order, keeping up a continual fire on the advancing enemy. Up to this time I had lost 1 officer and 18 men wounded and 2 men killed, out of 111. Soon after, having again formed with Colonel Grose's brigade, I was ordered by General Cruft to resume my place in the First Brigade. After dark I was ordered out to assist in the action then waging on our front and left, but was not engaged, and went into camp shortly after.

On the morning of the 20th, I was ordered to throw up breastworks to protect my position. Immediately before the attack commenced I was ordered to leave them and take position in the second or reserve line of the brigade. Here I remained under a very heavy musketry fire, and had 5 men severely wounded before I was ordered to relieve the Second Kentucky in the breastworks. After taking position in the breastworks, I remained there until late in the afternoon, when I was ordered to retreat with the rest of the brigade, which I did in very good order. Since then I have remained and taken position with the brigade in all instances.

Too much praise cannot be given to the four companies, B, D, G, and K, which were engaged during the 19th and 20th. Acting with coolness and deliberation at all times, and obeying orders fearlessly and with promptitude during the heat of action, they fully sustained the fair reputation which was won by them at Shiloh, Corinth, and Stone's River.

I am, your obedient servant,

A. R. HADLOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. First Kentucky Regiment.

Captain W. H. FAIRBANKS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

No. 156.

Report of Major James W. Mitchell, First Kentucky Infantry.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN.,

September 28, 1863.

GENERAL: I would most respectfully submit the following report of the performance of duties of train guard assigned to five companies of the First Regiment Kentucky Infantry by your order of September 7, and which I had the honor to command. The details consisted of Companies A, C, F, and I. They were ordered to be ready to march at 4 a.m., September 8. Everything being in readiness at that time, I started from our camp 5 miles north of Trenton, Ga., and, after disposing the men in the wagons (of which there were 50), gave orders to go to Shellmound, Tenn., 13 miles distant, which was reached about 9 a.m. Lying over at that place until 12 m., the train was started again, and that night I camped my command at Bridgeport, 21 miles from the place of starting.

September 9.-Started from Bridgeport and arrived at Stevenson, Ala., 10 miles distant, at 10 a.m.; the balance of the day was spent

