
in loading the train with provisions for the division. Camped this night at Stevenson.

September 10.-Started the train on the return at 4 a.m., but did not get as far as I anticipated on account of the blocking up of the road by troops and trains of the First Reserve Corps, which was moving to the front. Camped this night at Shellmound.

September 11.- Left Shellmound and camped at 4 p.m. at Squirreltown. I found the road between these two points exceedingly rough and rocky, and met with less accidents from broken wagons, &amp;c., than I had anticipated.

September 12.-Left Squirreltown and camped, 2.30 pm., at Chattanooga, 16 miles. I found the condition of the road traveled much better than that traveled the day before.

The accompanying quartermaster, Lieutenant Grubbs, Thirty-first Indiana, afforded me all the assistance in his power during this trip, and is deserving of mention.

I reported my command at 4 p.m. to General Wagner, commanding post, for orders to go to the front, when I received orders from him to hold myself and command in readiness to march at 6 a.m. on the following day.

September 13.-Reported myself and command to General Wagner, and was given charge of 30 wagons of First Division and 50 wagons of Second Division, also 439 prisoners of war, with instructions to guard them (the prisoners) to Stevenson, Ala., and turn over to provost-marshall, and return with train and provisions to Chattanooga as soon as possible, crossing Raccoon Mountain, a different route from that previously traveled, but found it impracticable for to return upon with loaded wagons.

September 14.-Started at daylight reached Stevenson at dark. Was obliged to have the train stop here next day, to load and to have the mules shod, as they were unfit for traveling over the rocky roads we were traveling.

September 16.-Started on return trip, and, passing Bridgeport, camped at Shellmound.

September 17.-Left Shellmound at 3 a.m., and, passing Whiteside's and Squirreltown, reached a point 10 miles from Chattanooga.

September 18.-Started at 5 a.m., and after reaching Lookout Mountain, experienced considerable trouble and delay from trains coming in opposite direction, and also from trains having the precedence of mine. Reached Chattanooga at 4 p.m. and reported again to General Wagner, commandant of post, who ordered me to report at 8 a.m. on the following day. Reported myself September 19, and ordered to be ready to move my command to the front at 2 p.m., in charge of supply train of Second Division. Started from Chattanooga at 4 p.m. in charge of train previously under the charge of lieutenant Chilton, acting commissary of subsistence, Second Division, Twenty-first Army Corps, taking the La Fayette road. Traveled until 10 p.m., when various and confused rumors of an engagement having occurred on the road leading into the rebel lines reached us.

Adopting the necessary precaution, I sent forward horsemen to ascertain the truth of the statements, and delayed here two hours.

I then learned that an engagement had occurred, but the road was still open, and accordingly proceeded and camped one-half mile from Crawfish Spring.

