
[CHAP. XLII.

I was next morning getting my command in readiness to join my regiment when I received orders from General Palmer, per Captain Howland, assistant quartermaster, Second Division, to take the train back to Rossville. Started at 8.30 a.m. toward Rossville, and had but just gotten the train upon the road when the battle commenced directly upon my right and front.

I got the rear of my train through just in time. After experiencing various difficulties from other trains traveling the same road and going to the rear, finally arrived at Rossville at 12 m., and at 2.30 p.m. concluded that under the circumstances it was best to move to Chattanooga with train, which I did accordingly and camped.

September 21.-Crossed the Tennessee River, and parked the train one-quarter mile from it.

September 22 and 23.-Remained with the train according to orders; and at 2.30 o'clock, September 24, received orders from yourself to join regiment, which I did accordingly on that day. During the time I had charge of detail, I received the hearty co-operation of both officers and men.

Submitting this for your approval, I am, general, very respectfully,

JAMES W. MITCHELL,

Major First Kentucky Infantry.

Brigadier-General CRUFT,

First Brigade.

Numbers 157.

Report of Captain David J. Jones, First Kentucky Infantry.

OOLTEWAH, TENN.,

April 20, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with your request, I have the honor to make the following report of the circumstances connected with the capture of myself and 22 of my company, near Pea Vine Creek, Ga.a, on the 10th of September, 1863.

In the advance from Chattanooga, four companies of my regiment under Major Hadlock, constituted the advance guard, disposed as follows: Company K, under Lieutenant Hornung, deployed across the road and on either side as skirmishers; Company B, under Lieutenant Hammond, marching by the flank in the road as a reserve for the line of skirmishers; and the remaining two (D and G) also marching by the flank some distance in rear. During the morning a body of mounted men were sent to the extreme front. These came across the enemy near Pea Vine Creek, and commenced skirmishing with them. The advance was halted, and our column moved up to its support. It being apparent that the enemy were in considerable force in our front, and that they intended an offensive movement, dispositions were at once made to meet the contemplated attack.

Three companies of the battalion were formed in line across the road, Company B in the woods to the right; my company (D), with the colors and color-guard on its right, and about seven files of Company G on its left, occupied the road; the remainder of Company G in the woods to the left. The line, thus formed, was advantageously posted behind the crest of a hillock in the road, and com-

