
[CHAP. XLII.

I trust, general, that, having the facts at length before you, you will procure, at an early day, an investigation of the affair, that you blame may rest where it properly belongs.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. J. JONES,

Captain Company D, First Kentucky Volunteers.

Brigadier General CHARLES CRUFT,

Commanding Brigade.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST KENTUCKY REGIMENT,Ooltewah, April 21, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, approved.

D. A. ENYART,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION,FOURTH CORPS, ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Ooltewah, April 22, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

A report of the affair mentioned within was made a few days after its occurrence through headquarters, Major-General Palmer, commanding Second Division, Twenty-first Army Corps, to which the brigade was then attached. This report should be appended to that one as it furnishes some facts which do not come out in any of the sub-reports of the other officers. My report was dated September 28, 1863, and this is forwarded as an appendix thereto.* The enlistment of the regiment expires on the 8th June proximo, bur for which fact I would favor the granting of Captain Jones' request for a proper investigation.

CHARLES CRUFT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Numbers 158.

Report of Lieutenant George Hornung, First Kentucky Infantry.

CAMP FIRST KENTUCKY VOLUNTEERS,

September 16, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with an order from brigade headquarters to report, the part taken by me in the skirmish on thee 10th instant is as follows:

After leaving camp on the morning of the 10th of September, 1863, and marching some 2 miles, the column (First Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-first Army Corps) was halted. I received orders from the adjutant of my regiment (First Kentucky) to deploy my company, K, as skirmishers, one platoon on each side of the road leading to Ringgold, Ga. I immediately ordered the first platoon of the company on the right of the road, and the second platoon on the left of the road, commanded by Second Lieutenant Alexander Tilly. I assumed command of the first platoon. I advanced with the company de-

---------------

*See p. 726.

---------------

