
ployed as skirmishers 5 miles, running on to a creek which it was impossible to ford. About that time I received an order from John A. Wright, aide-de-camp to General Cruft, to march by the left flank, which I executed, assembling my men on the road (the creek course at that place was on a right angle with the road). From thence I crossed a bridge and marched forward, not as skirmishers, but as an advance guard. This was ordered by John A. Wright, aide-de-camp, until getting to the next creek; the distance I estimated about 2 miles.

We halted for a temporary rest of some fifteen minutes; having our rest, we resumed our march forward.

The escort of Major-General Palmer had passed us some twenty minutes previous, and commenced firing about 1 mile ahead of us. We moved on cautiously and halted on the road, with a thick pine underwood on each side of the road. The escort soon came back and reported them coming, some 200 strong.

First Lieutenant John A. Wright, aide-de-camp, then ordered 5 of my company forward on the road as far as the cross-roads (some 200 yards ahead). After selecting the 5 men, I in person went with them, but was fired on half way. I immediately posted the men behind trees, with instructions to keep a good lookout.

Shortly after the firing I saw the enemy forming and coming down the road, which caused me to go back to the company to be prepared for an attack. I formed a line on a right angle with the road, my left resting on the road. This done, the enemy's cavalry charged down on two roads, the road the company was on and a road some 100 yards on my right. As the cavalry approached close enough, the company fired and appeared to break ranks with the intent to get behind and appeared to break ranks with the intent to get behind trees. I wanted to rally them, but without success. My company, together with Company B (of the First Kentucky Regiment), fell back through the woods. Company B was formed in the rear of my company. The formation of the company was according to Lieutenant John A. Wright's (aide-de-camp) instructions.

Respectfully submitted.

GEO. HORNUNG,

First Lieutenant, Comdg. Co., K, 1st Ky. Vols.

Captain W. H. FAIRBANKS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 159.

Report of Lieutenant Patrick J. Brown, First Kentucky Infantry.

CAMP FIRST KENTUCKY VOLUTEERS,

September 16, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this company under my command-Company G-in the skirmish of the 10th instant near Graysville, Ga.:

Shortly after the return of General Palmer's escort, who had been skirmishing with the enemy's pickets, my company was ordered into line in conjunction with Company d. I formed the company in accordance with orders, the right resting on the edge of the road, the left and center in the woods; were ordered to lie down, which the men did; remained thus for about five minutes, when the order was

