
[CHAP. XLII.

given to fall back. Reformed a new line some 30 yards in rear of the former one, and waited probably five minutes before my company fired. The company on my right fired first, my command discharging their guns directly afterward. After the discharge of the first volley, I discovered that the company on my right was falling back. Supposing that that company, with mine, had been so ordered to do, I gave the command to fall back, which was executed with considerable confusion, as the underbrush and briars made our way to the rear next to impossible. Such being the case, I ordered the company out on the road. When reaching it, the cavalry were within 30 yards of us, on a full charge. My men not having had sufficient time to reload their pieces, I saw no other alternative but to gain the woods on the opposite side of the road, and thereby prevent capture. Those who did not succeed in crossing the road, or remain hidden in the underbrush on the left, were mostly all captured.

P. J. BROWN,

Lieutenant, Commanding Company G, First Kentucky.

Captain W. H. FAIRBANKS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 160.

Report of Lieutenant David Hammond, First Kentucky Infantry.

CAMP FIRST REGIMENT KENTUCKY VOLUNTEERS,

September 16 1863.

SIR: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to forward the following report of the part taken by Company B in the recent skirmish of the First Kentucky Volunteers:

On the morning of the 10th instant, the companies with regiment (four companies, under command of Major A. R. Hadlock) took up line of march, proceeding toward Ringgold, Ga., by the direct route. When about three-quarters of a mile from Lookout Creek, where we last bivouacked, two companies (B and K) were taken from the right and ordered forward as skirmishers. Company K was deployed to the right and left of road, while my company (B) was held as reserve. The skirmishers were thrown forward about 40 yards in advance of regiment. We continued to advance slowly and cautiously, and when near Pea Vine Creek the skirmishers were halted and two or three companies of cavalry were sent forward, and their skirmishers were deployed to right and left of road and in front of Company K's line of skirmishers. Company K's skirmishers were now called in, and 12 men and 2 sergeants taken from Company B and deployed to right and left of road), Sergeant Cannon in command of 6 men on the right and Sergeant Conklin in command of 6 men on the left.

The skirmishers were again ordered forward to support the cavalry, who continued slowly driving the enemy for over a mile, and when near Graysville they encountered the enemy in force and were obliged to retire. The remainder of my company was now ordered by Lieutenant Wright (aide-de-camp) into the woods to support the line of skirmishers on the right, having advanced into the woods about 30 yards, when Company K commenced falling back, and immediately after a volley was fired by the two companies

