
that were drawn up across the road. Owing to the thickness of the underbrush, it was impossible for me to see anything of the enemy.

I now fell back to where the right of the reserve rested on the road, and could plainly see the enemy in my rear. I now moved my company to the right, where we were ordered to remain by General Palmer.

Casualties in company: Missing,2.

Respectfully submitted,

DAVID HAMMOND,

First Lieutenant, Comdg. Company B, First Kentucky.

Captain W. H. FAIRBANKS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Report of Colonel Thomas D. Sedgewick, Second Kentucky Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND KENTUCKY INFANTRY,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 29, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Second Kentucky Infantry in the actions on the 19th and 20th instant, and also of its movements since crossing the Tennessee River:

At 11.30 p.m. of the 3rd instant, we crossed the river at Shellmound, and bivouacked on the south side until 3.30 p.m. of the 5th, when we moved forward and halted at 9 p.m. at Whiteside's.

September 6.-Division moved at 8 a.m., my regiment in advance. Marched to junction of Murphy's Bottom and Nickajack roads, where we halted several hours to allow Brannan's division to pass, then moved on about three-quarters of a mile and went into camp at Cole's Academy.

September 8.-Left camp at Cole's Academy at 3 a.m., and marched with division 5 miles to Hawkins'Station, where we went into position to support General Wood. At 3 a.m. I was ordered to take my regiment and make a reconnaissance around the base of Lookout Mountain, which I did, marching 7 miles and developing all the facts and gaining all the information desired.

September 9.- Learning that Chattanooga had been evacuated, we moved at 9 a.m., for that place,, passed by, and about dark went into camp at Rossville, Ga., 6 miles south of Chattanooga.

September 10.-Moved at 7.30 a.m., and at 10 a.m. arrived at Pea Vine Creek, where the division halted to go into camp, and I was sent with the regiment to make a reconnaissance to the right. After advancing about 1 mile, I was ordered to return, as the rebel cavalry had attacked our front in large force. I did so, put the regiment in line of battle, and remained so until nearly dark, when we bivouacked for the night.

September 11.- Moved at 7 a.m., and at 1 p.m. went into camp at Ringgold, Ga.

September 12.- Moved at 6 a.m. in direction of Gordon's Mills, 4 miles out. The enemy's cavalry appearing on our flanks and in front, the brigade was halted, formed in line, and skirmishers thrown forward, who drove the enemy from our immediate front. About 3 p.m. I was ordered forward with the Second Kentucky, First Ken-

