
[CHAP. XLII.

tucky, and one section of artillery to make a reconnaissance to the front and right. The Ninetieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry furnished the skirmishers. We advanced, under direction of Major-General Palmer, to a road about one-half mile to the front, when, finding no enemy, we were ordered to return. After rejoining the brigade we moved on,and went into camp at Gordon's Mills at dark.

September 13.-About daylight the regiment was called to arms by heavy firing on the picket line. We remained under arms, changing position to the front, until 10 a.m., when we moved forward with the brigade to support Colonel Wilder's brigade at the point of the skirmish on the previous day. WE remained here during the day, and at nightfall returned to Gordon's Mills.

September 14.- Remained in camp at Gordon's Mills until 4 p.m., when I was ordered with my regiment to escort the corps supply train to Chattanooga and back. Started at 6 p.m. and arrived at Chattanooga at 2 a.m.

September 15.-Started from Chattanooga with supply train at 1 p.m., and reached Gordon's Mills, without accident, at dark; found that the brigade had moved. Went into camp by order of General Wood.

September 16.-Moved with trains of Palmer's and Van Cleve's divisions at daylight.

Reached the latter at Crawfish Spring at 5.30 a.m., and turned over his train; then moved on and joined the former at Matthews' house at 7.30 a.m.

September 17.-Moved with division about 1 mile to the left.

September 18.-At 7.30 moved with brigade to Gordon's Mills, where we arrived at 1 a.m., and were placed in position by General Palmer.

September 19.-The regiment was under arms at daylight and two companies, under direction of Major Baldwin, thrown out on the right as skirmishers. WE remained in this position until 11 a.m., when the firing in our front becoming very heavy, we were ordered forward in that direction. WE moved down the Rossville road to a point about 1 1/2 miles distant, and were here placed in order of battle. The order to the division was to advance by brigades en echelon by the left, as 80 paces. General Hazen's (Second) brigade being on the left, General Cruft's (First) in the center, and Colonel Grose's (Third) on the right, my regiment forming the right of the first line of First Brigade; Company A, Captain Martin, was advanced as skirmishers.

The order to advance being given. I moved forward about 400 yards, when our skirmishers became warmly engaged; they pressed on ward, however, causing those of the enemy to retire before them. We moved forward a short distance, when the command was given for the brigade to halt. This left my regiment in a very undesirable position, on low ground and exposed to a terrible fire from three sides from the enemy, who has now opened upon us. Ere the regiment could be placed in proper position, the skirmishers had been driven in, 2 captains wounded, and 9 men killed and wounded. I soon rectified the alignment, and then opened fire upon the enemy with such effect as to drive back the first line, which we followed up a short distance, but he returned re-enforced and we were forced to halt, yet bravely held the ground obtained up to this moment. Colonel Grose's brigade had not joined me on the right, and in consequence the rebels were pouring in a deadly enfilading fire from that quarter and endeavoring to turn our flank. My men were falling fast and the position was becoming untenable, when the Twenty-

