
third Kentucky, of Grose's brigade, moved up and joined me on the right; together we succeeded in checking them; they, however kept up a bold front and steady fire for one and a half hours, when their line apparently being repulsed on the left, they appeared to withdraw from our immediate front and move off toward our right. Taking advantage of the lull in the firing, I replenished the ammunition and had the killed and wounded removed a short distance to the rear.

In a short time, as I had anticipated, the firing opened with redoubled fury on the right of our line, soon sweeping around to Colonel Grose's brigade, now formed on our right and occupying a ridge, with his right retired. Finding that the enemy was evidently gaining ground on the right, I changed front perpendicularly to the rear, to be ready as a support, but had scarcely got my line reformed before we were completely thrown into disorder by retiring troops, and forced to fall back about 200 yards, the enemy following so closely as to allow us to bring back some 15 of them as prisoners. The regiment was here rallied, reformed, and faced to the front. The enemy halted and retired a short distance beyond the brow of the hill. Our position now was not a very enviable one, being far in advance, separated from the remainder of the brigade, and without support, but in a few moments General Turchin moved up rapidly with his brigade; he placed his battery in front of my regiment and moved his infantry to the left. The latter advanced and we remained as a support to the battery. I here joined by the remaining regiments of the First Brigade.

The enemy having withdrawn from our front, the order was given to retire, which we did in line and in good order. Moved out to a point on the Rossville road, where we remained until 7.30 p.m., when we were ordered to move to the left to the support of General Johnson. Moving down the road about 500 yards we were halted, and after having thrown out a strong skirmish or picket line, we bivouacked for the night.

On the 20th, one hour before daylight found my regiment under arms, and the picket line relieved, strengthened, and advanced. Immediately upon learning that we would occupy the same position during the anticipated battle of the day, I set heavy details to work to build a temporary breastwork in front of the line occupied by the regiment. My position was on the left of the front line of the brigade, connecting with the right of General Johnson's division, the Thirty-first Indiana on my right. About 7 a.m. heavy firing commenced on our left; it gradually increased and drew nearer; at 7.40 a.m. our skirmishers became engaged and were soon driven in, the enemy following closely. The action now became general, and the enemy advanced boldly up to our slight work. Their first line was driven back, but again and again they advanced, and each time were repulsed by the withering fire of the men, who, protected by their work, coolly and deliberately loaded and fired without suffering materially from the enemy's fire. The firing was incessant on both sides until about 11 a.m., when it gradually ceased. The ammunition of my regiment being exhausted, as was that of the Thirty-first Indiana, the front line of the brigade was retired, my regiment being relieved by the Ninetieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. We moved back about 100 yards and took position below a slight crest, where we received a fresh supply of ammunition. No heavy firing taking place in our immediate front, we were not again called into action. About 5

48 R R-VOL XXX, PT I

