
[CHAP. XLII.

p.m., it being evident that the right of our line was giving way, the order was given to retire. I moved about 100 yards by the flank, and was about entering a large corn-field immediately in our front, when I received an order to cross it in line.

I at once formed the regiment forward into line, and under a terrific fire of musketry and artillery, we at common time and in perfect order retired across the field, maintaining our position in the brigade. Gaining the cover of the woods on the opposite side, we were halted and faced toward the enemy. Remaining thus for some moments, we were formed in double column, faced to the rear, and again retired; reaching the top of a high ridge, about 1 mile distant, we were again halted and faced about; here remained until the arrival of General Palmer, when we took up our line of march for Rossville, which place we reached about 9.30 p.m. in perfect order. The conduct of the officers and men of the regiment during the battles of both days was of the most heroic character. I have never seen men act more coolly or deliberately, or obey orders more promptly under any circumstances. The loss of the regiment, which occurred entirely on the first day, will attest the bravery of the men. I had no stragglers. The missing are in the hands of the enemy. Lieutenant Colonel Hurd and Major Baldwin, as on all previous fields, displayed the greatest gallantry. Captain Bodine received his death wound while coolly directing the fire of his men. Major Baldwin was wounded while gallantly encouraging the line during a heavy attack. All of my officers deserve special mention, but neither time nor space will admit it. Subjoined please find a list of the casualties of the regiment.*

I have the honor to be, with respect, yours, &amp;c.,

T. D. SEDGEWICK,

Colonel, Commanding Second Kentucky Infantry.

Captain W. H. FAIRBANKS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 162.

Report of Colonel Charles H. Rippey, Ninetieth Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. 90TH REGIMENT, OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY.

September 28, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Ninetieth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, in the battles of the 19th and 20th instant, on the eastern slopes of Missionary Ridge, together with a summary of its marches, reconnaissances, &c., since crossing the Tennessee River. The regiment was transported across the river on the night of the 3rd instant, between the hours of 11 and 12, and bivouacked at Shellmound. The crossing was attended with no accident or mishap whatsoever.

On the 4th, it encamped at Shellmound, awaiting the arrival of the train with supplies.

On the evening of the 5th, it moved with the brigade to Running Water Creek, distant 9 miles; thence, on the 6th, to the intersection of the Murphy's Bottom and Nickajack roads, near which it encamped.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 176.

---------------

