
[CHAP. XLII.

The reconnaissance being completed, I moved with the brigade to Gordon's Mills, where the regiment encamped.

On the 14th, the regiment remained in camp, the brigade being left in charge of the corps transportation.

On the 15th, it marched to Matthews' house, distant 6 miles, where it remained encamped during the 16th.

On the 17th, it moved back 1 1/2 miles to Abercrombie's house, where it remained until 9.30 o'clock on the evening of the 18th, when it moved to Gordon's Mills, and went into line of battle at 1 a.m. on the morning of the 19th.

At 11 a.m. on the 19th, the division being ordered to engage the enemy on the right of

------

division, our brigade took the advance, moving by the left flank up the Rossville road, the Ninetieth Ohio leading. Having marched about 1 1/2 miles to McNamara's house, I turned obliquely to the right and formed line of battle. The Second Brigade having passed up in the rear forme to my left. At 12.30 o'clock I advanced, keeping my left well closed on the right of the Second Brigade, though 80 paces in the rear, the brigades moving en echelon by the left. The Second Brigade soon became hotly engaged and halted, and before I could move up on to the line, my skirmishers were driven in and I received the fire of one of the enemy's battalions. I immediately moved forward in double-quick, driving the enemy before me, and took position on a line with the Second Brigade, my right somewhat advanced so as to form an angle slightly enfilading the enemy. The other regiments of the brigade moved on to the same line about the same time.

The fight then opened fiercely with both musketry and artillery. I had gained for my regiment rather an advantageous position on the crest of a swell in the ground along which was some fallen timber and other cover. The enemy made four separate attempts to dislodge the regiment from this position, but were each time repulsed with heavy loss.

A battery of artillery posted directly in my front were so harassed by the sharp practice of my men that they were unable to work their pieces, save to deliver a few straggling shots. After the third assault of the enemy, my men having expended all their ammunition except about 2 rounds per man, I retired the regiment about 20 yards, so as to gain the cover of the woods, in case it became necessary to retreat. By permission of General Cruft, there was also brought from the right of the brigade a section of Standart's battery, and I posted it so as to enfilade the column which was pressing the front of the Second Brigade. The last attack of the enemy was a feeble one. The volley which I had instructed my men to reserve for them scattering them in every direction. At the same time, the section of artillery which has been posted assisted very materially in creating confusion in the enemy's lines, and in a few moments they were fleeting in every direction over the open country in our front. This fight lasted about two hours and was very hot.

The casualties in my regiment amounted to 4 killed and 57 wounded. The enemy having retired from our front, there was a lull of about two hours, during which time the men were supplied with fresh ammunition and their guns cleansed and put in order. At about 3.30 p.m. heavy firing was again heard upon the right and rear of our position, and rapidly approached us, until it seemed the right of our brigade was attacked in flank. Under orders from General Cruft, I quickly changed front to the right and formed, supporting

