
the battery. The Thirty-first Indiana Voluteers attempted to form on my right, but before they were in position a mass of disorganized troops came rushing across our lines in great disorder, the enemy pressing closely upon them, and pouring in heavy volleys of musketry. An order was given me to retire, by General Cruft. The battery, in order to pass to the front of the retiring column, was obliged to pass directly through my regiment, which, together with the fleeing fugitives upon the right, threw my regiment into a moment's confusion. As soon however, as we were clear of the battery and the fugitives, I rallied the regiment and faced to the front, under directions from the general commanding brigade. The enemy still pressed closely upon my front, and as I feared we might not be able to hold them in this position, I, on request of general commanding brigade, ordered a charge. Many of my officers sprung gallantly to the front, and, with a cheer, the men followed, fixing their bayonets as they ran. Quick as thought, they were upon the enemy, who, scarcely waiting to discharge their pieces, turned and fled in utter confusion. My color-sergeant was shot down, but one of the escort seized the flag, and the men, seeing the discomfiture of the enemy, and knowing that support was coming up on the left, rushed forward with a wild cheer, literally outrunning and capturing many of the retreating foe. The pursuit continued for a full half mile, when, seeing that we had left the supports far in the rear, and fearing lest the regiment should be cut off, I halted them, and marched back slowly to join the brigade.

Having taken position on the left of the brigade, the regiment remained in line until nearly dark, when, no enemy appearing in our front, the brigade was moved off to the right and rear, and took position on the left of General Brannan's division, which had formed across the Rossville road.

Shortly after we had taken this position, an attack was made upon General Johnson's division, some distance to the left. The brigade was ordered out to his support, and moved off by the left flank, but by the time it had arrived within supporting distance, the firing ceased, and we were immediately ordered to bivouac for the night. While moving to this position, the regiment was exposed to a severe fire from the enemy's artillery posted on the opposite ridge, but fortunately no one was injured.

On the morning of the 20th, the regiment was under arms by 4 o'clock and in line of battle, occupying the right of the brigade, which was formed in single line. Having ascertained that this would probably be our position during the day, the men were ordered to stack arms and construct such defenses as were practicable. In less than one hour, without the aid of axes or other intrenching tools, a strong breastwork of logs and stones was built which would effectively protect the men against all light missiles. Before any attack was made, however, the brigade was formed in two lines, my regiment occupying the right of the reserve line. About 8 o'clock a fierce attack was made upon the front line, which lasted for several hours, but was successfully resisted. My regiment being ordered to lie down behind the crest of a rising piece of ground, met with but few casualties.

At about 11 a.m. I was ordered forward to relieve the Thirty-first Indiana and a portion of the Second Kentucky. Being obliged to pass over high ground, several of my regiment fell before they reached the defenses. But few volleys were fired by my regiment after they

