
[CHAP. XLII.

reached the defenses, as shortly afterward the enemy withdrew, leaving only a line of sharpshooters in our front. This position was held by my regiment the remainder of the day until 5 p.m., when orders were sent me to retire. The brigade had moved some moments before I received the order. I marched out by the right flank and was enabled to overtake the right of the Thirty-first Indiana moving in line. After reaching the open fields to the rear, I thought it advisable to march in this order since the brigade was exposed to a cross-fire of artillery from the flanks. Although this fire was very severe, the regiment moved steadily and in good order. One officer and several men fell here, and could not be brought off the field. Having reached the ridges on the left of the Rossville road, I halted with the brigade and formed line of battle. After resting here about one hour, the regiment moved back with the division to Rossville and encamped.

During the whole of this engagement and the skirmishes preceding it, the most of my officers and men behaved as well soldiers could, obeying every order cheerfully, promptly, and with judgment. A very few left the field before the engagement ended, but I will not disgrace the history of those gallant men who remained, by mentioning their names among these pages. Among the officers who deserve special credit for their coolness, fortitude, and bravery, I might mention Major Perry, Captain Rains, Captain Witherspoon, Captain Hitchcock, and Captain Angle, together with Lieutenants Felton, Sutphen, and Cook. Indeed, all the officers, with two or three exceptions, conducted themselves as well as I could desire.

My especial thanks are due Lieutenant J. A. Wright, of the staff, for gallant services rendered me on Saturday afternoon. It affords me great pleasure to notice the conduct of Corpl. James J. Holliday, who, when the color-sergeant was shot down in the charge on Saturday afternoon, seized the colors and waving them over his head sprang to the front with a cheer which seemed to inspire every soldier on the line. I should be pleased to mention many others if time and space permitted. Attached you will find a list* of the killed and wounded of the regiment, which I consider remarkably small considering the severity of the fire to which the regiment was so often exposed.

Very respectfully,

C. H. RIPPEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. H. FAIRBANKS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 163.

Report of Lieutenant Norman A. Baldwin, Battery B, First Ohio Light Artillery.

CHATTANOOGA, September 27, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submitting to you the following report of Battery B, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery, in the engagement of the 19th and 20th of September, 1863:

September 17.- Encamped at Mission Church; sent one section,

---------------

*Nominal list omitted; see revised statement, p. 176.

---------------

