
of the 10th crossed by fording which was accomplished within the space of six hours without loss of life or materiel.

The boats, although completed, were not required. I found in the Tennessee Valley and abundance of subsistence for my troops, and brought out of it 70 beeves for the army. The casualties in all these operations were 2 killed, 1 drowned, and 5 or 6 wounded. Several hundred prisoners and deserters were sent to the rear.

I have earnestly to commend to the attention of the Government the services of Colonels Wilder and Minty, commanding cavalry brigades.

I am very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General, Comdg. Troops in Tennessee Valley.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Cumberland.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., SECOND DIV., 21ST ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, September 28, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to instructions, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the troops under my command in the battle of the 19th and 20th instant:

The narrative commences with the crossing of the Tennessee River, September 10, when the brigade consisted of the One hundred and twenty-fourth Ohio Volunteers, Colonel O. H. Payne; Forty-first Ohio Volunteers, Colonel Aquila Wiley; Ninth Indiana Volunteers, Colonel I. C. B. Suman; Sixth Kentucky Volunteers, Colonel George T. Shackelford, and Battery F, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery, Lieutenant G. J. Cockerill; in all, an effective aggregate of 1,531 officers and men.

My brigade moved to Graysville and there joined its proper division on the 1th. We reached Ringgold the same day, and the next day moved over to Gordon's Mills, skirmishing a portion of the way, losing 2 men and wounding and capturing 3 from the enemy. In the evening of this day, the brigade made a reconnaissance about 3 miles in the direction of La Fayette,, meeting the enemy and skirmishing briskly with him when we returned to the mills. The next day the division marched to Chattanooga Creek, and the day after to Gower's Ford, on the West Chickamauga, where we remained quietly until the morning of the 17th when my pickets on the La Fayette road were vigorously attacked. They, however, repulsed the enemy with a loss to him of 1 captain and several men.

On the evening of this day, we marched to within 2 miles of Crawfish Spring, and in the night of the 18th, to a position 1 mile north of Gordon's Cruft and near the La Fayette and Rossville road. Here we remained, with a occasional shot in our front, until about 11 a.m. of the 19th, when I received orders to move in the direction of the firing, then growing severe, about 1 1/2 miles to our left in front of the position of General Thomas.

On reaching McNamara's house, on the La Fayette and Rossville road, the brigades of the division were formed in two lines facing the east, the second line being doubled by regiments on the center. My brigades was on the left of the division, General Cruft being on my immediate right. The line was then moved forward en echelon by brigades, my brigade commencing the movement. The enemy was

