
struck after advancing about three-quarters of a mile, when a terrific contest here was added to the already severe battle on our left. The enemy gave ground freely, and the left was carried extending to the right as far as the echelons of the Second Division had been placed.

I was at this time relieved by General Turchin and ordered back to the road to fill my boxes with ammunition, already twice exhausted, and take charge of some batteries left there without supports. This I had just accomplished when a vigorous attack appeared to be going on upon that part of our lines immediately to the right of the ground fought over by the last echelon of our division. I at once moved my brigade to the right, and forming it so as to face the sound of battle moved forward and placed it in position as a support to some troops of General Reynolds, my left resting on the La Fayette and Rossville road near a small house, the right thrown forward, forming an angle of about 45 with the road. The battle neared my position rapidly. At this moment I met General Van Cleve, whose division the enemy had engaged and who told me his men had given way and that he could no longer control them. The enemy continued to advance steadily, and the line in my front gave way. My men then advanced to the top of the crest, and withstood the shock until they were completely flanked upon their left, then obliqued well to the right and took position upon a high elevation of ground, confronting the left flank of that portion of the enemy was now steady, and northward nearly in the direction of the La Fayette and Rossville road. I found myself the only general officer upon that part of the field, and to check the farther advance of the enemy was of the utmost importance. I hastily gathered and placed in position all the artillery then in reach including portions of Standart's, Cockerill's, Cushing's, and Russell's batteries, in all about twenty pieces, and with the aid of all the mounted officers and soldiers I could find, succeeded in checking and rallying a sufficient number of straggling infantry to form a fair line in support of the artillery. My brigade could not be brought into position in time, there being but about two minutes to make these dispositions before the blow came, when the simultaneous opening of all the artillery with grape checked and put to rout the confronting columns of the enemy. It is due Lieutenants Baldwin, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery, commanding Standart's battery, Cockerill, of the same regiment, commanding battery, and Cushing and Russell, Fourth U. S. Artillery, commanding batteries, to state that for accuracy in maneuvering and firing their guns in the immediate presence of the enemy on this occasion, the army and country are placed under lasting obligations.

Major-General Reynolds came to this position at this time and made further disposition of troops, but the fight was closed for the day except a fierce attack made at nightfall upon General Johnson. A short time after the above repulse General Thomas came to this place and took command of all the troops in this part of the field.

It would appear that all the troops except General Johnson's division had been withdrawn from the portion of the field he occupied leaving him well advanced and entirely unsupported. When the attack was made upon him, my brigade was sent with the residue of the division to his assistance, but the firing ceased when we had marched some 400 yards east of the La Fayette and Rossville road

