
September 14.-Marched 5 miles in a southwest direction and encamped in Chattanooga Valley.

September 15.-Marched 8 miles in a southeast direction and encamped on Fisher's Creek.

September 16.-Regiment on picket.

September 17.-A regiment of rebel cavalry a charge on the outpost pickets at daylight and a brisk skirmish ensued. They were handsomely driven back, with a loss on their part of 1 man captured and 4 horses killed. I afterward learned by a prisoner that their loss in the charge was 2 killed, 7 wounded, and 1 captured, and that the regiment that made the charge was the Fourth Georgia Cavalry. There was no loss our side. Late in the evening the regiment, with the brigade, marched 4 miles, and camped 1 mile south of Crawfish Spring.

September 18.-In camp during the way. At dusk heavy cannonading and musketry was heard upon our extreme left. On going to bed we received orders to be ready to move at a moment's notice. At 10 p.m. the regiment was aroused and marched to the road, where it was halted until 1 p.m. waiting for General Thomas' corps to pass. Immediately after it had passed, we started and marched 4 miles, an bivouacked 1 mile north of Lee and Gordon's Mills, in line of battle.

September 19.-The morning opened clear, and with an ominous silence,"The quiet which precedes the storm." At an early hour the regiment was placed in a good position on a ridge to the left of the Forty-first Ohio Volunteers. At 9 a.m. cannonading and constant volleys of musketry were heard upon our extreme left. About 11 a.m. the brigade was moved to re-enforce the left, and, taking a circuitous route, came down upon the rebel right flank. The Ninth and Forty-first Ohio Volunteers, being the advance regiments (the Ninth being upon the left of the Forty-first Ohio Volunteers), engaged the rebels in a thin skirt of woods with great fury. About 1 p.m., after an engagement of an hour, and after driving the enemy before us, the regiment, by order of General Hazen, was drawn off to procure more ammunition, replenish canteens, and clean the guns-this after firing about 100 round of cartridges per man. While here General Hazen passed along the lines and was heartily cheered by every man in the regiment. At 3 p.m. the regiment took a position in an open stubble-field and there opened fire upon the enemy, and there held its position about twenty minutes, when, our support upon the right and left giving way, the regiment was forced to retire, which it did in some disorder; but, on retiring 40 or 50 rods, it promptly rallied to again give battle to the enemy. Night coming on, however, ended the conflict for the day with a loss to the Ninth Regiment of First Lieutenant Lewis S. Nickerson, killed; Second Lieutenant Seth B. Parks, killed. They were brave and efficient officers and true soldiers. First Lieutenant Criswell, Captain Merritt, First Lieutenant Creviston, Second Lieutenants Shipherd and Franklin, and Captain Craner were wounded making a total loss of 8 commissioned officers and 69 enlisted men, of whom 16 killed or mortally wounded, and 8 missing, of whom 5 are supposed killed. During the engagement of the 19th, the regiment fired 140 rounds of ammunition per man.

Early on the morning of the 20th, my regiment was set to work building a temporary breastwork of logs and rails on a ridge in the timber. Shortly after they were completed, and about 9 a.m.,

