
firing commenced on my left. It was near 10 a.m. when the enemy advanced in line of battle on my front, determined to drive me from my position. By a steady fire, the regiment, assisted by Captains Andrew's and Cockerill's batteries and the brigade on the left, not only checked the rebels' advance, but repulsed them with great slaughter. The enemy afterward repeatedly advanced to charge our position, but in every instance were driven back with heavy loss. Notwithstanding the heavy shower of shot and shell poured upon my command,owing to the shelter afforded by the breastworks, my loss was very light. The whole loss at this point was First Lieutenant Marshall and 2 enlisted men wounded. About 3 p.m. I moved my regiment to the right about a quarter of a mile, into a thick clump of pines, and threw out three companies as skirmishers. On of the skirmishers was mortally wounded by the enemy's sharpshooters.

About 4 p.m. my command was moved still farther to the right to support the One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers. The Forty-first Ohio Volunteers, Ninth and One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers for a short time fired alternately, which was very destructive to the enemy, speedily driving him from his position, and compelling him to abandon his position in front of that portion of our lines entirely. My regiment was then ordered still farther to the right, on a high hill. It was while in this position that my attention was drawn to my right by an unnecessary amount of talking. I went over to see what it meant, and, to my surprise, I found the enemy demanding our troops to surrender. At that moment a rebel officer pointed a pistol at my head and demanded my surrender. I informed him that I had surrendered some time ago. He appeared satisfied with my explanation. At that moment something drew his attention, and I slipped away from him and brought two of my right companies to bear, and opened fire on them and scattered the party. Our men ran one way and the rebels ran another. The officer with whom I talked reported himself as colonel of the Thirty-fifth [Fifty-fourth?] Virginia Regiment, and said he was attached to Buckner's corps. He said he was only off of the cars seven hours. One of my lieutenants went over to see what was going on, and the same officer took his sword from him. One of his men fired on the rebel colonel and killed him, retook the lieutenant's sword, and took the rebel's sword and pistol. At this moment the officer came up that I had reported to at that point. He appeared to think it impossible that the enemy had gained that point. I informed him that he had but 30 steps to walk to convince himself, but he seemed not inclined to convince himself by going to see. Immediately afterward I was ordered to retire with my command, which I did in good order. My loss on the 20th was 1 lieutenant wounded, 1 enlisted man killed and 6 wounded, 1 mortally, and 6 missing.

About the time of leaving the breastworks, Lieutenant-Colonel Lasselle asked permission to visit the left of the lines, which was granted, since which time he has not been heard from. Fears are entertained that he has been killed or taken prisoner.

The officers and men of my command behaved most gallantly during the engagement, and too much praise cannot be awarded them for the bravery and zeal manifested by them throughout the entire engagement. The medical department of the regiment was

49 R R-VOL XXX, PT I

