HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Widow Glenn's, September 19, 1863-3.40 p.m.

Major-General McCOOK:

The general commanding directs me to say that he thinks you had better send one brigade from Sheridan to support Davis, who is hard pressed.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,FRANK S. BOND,

Major, and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, September 20, 1863.

Major-General NEGLEY,

Commanding at Rossville:

The general commanding directs that all the spare artillery which cannot be used to advantage be sent to this place at once.

J. P. DROUILLARD,

Captain, and Aide-de-Camp.

[HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga,] September 21, 1863-4.40 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Forces at Rossville:

The general commanding directs you to withdraw all your forces to a new line of battle in front of this place during the night. Tonight directions will be given you as to the order and route for the movement. If the events of the day do not preclude it, you must hold your position till night. We have moved Spears' force up Chattanooga Creek to protect your right flank. As far as possible withdraw the divisions en masse, so that our troops will be organized when they encamp on the new line. The general commanding is now arranging the positions you are to take up, which will be, in general terms, on the left, east of Chattanooga, yourself in the center and McCook on the right. Crittenden might move back by his present left by the most practicable route. You might come in on the right-hand road coming this way from Rossville, and McCook on the left. These are the views of the general commanding. Of course, being on the ground, you will make such modifications as the circumstances may require. The gap ought to be held to-night, if practicable, by a small force, which should be withdrawn before dawn. Each corps should leave a division as rear guard to fall back slowly, covering the retreat and contesting the ground inch by inch.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

(Same to Major-General McCook.)

---------------

*See Bond to McCook, 3 p.m., p.74.

---------------

