
[CHAP. XLII.

efficiently conducted and the musicians did all in their power to carry off the wounded and alleviate sufferings and assistant the surgeon in seeing to their wants. I noticed during the entire engagement but one man (a sergeant) who skulked; this was on the 19th. I promptly tore his chevrons from his arms, but, owing to his good conduct on the 20th, I permitted him to retain his position.

On the night of the 20th, we fell back 3 miles and camped for the night.

On the morning of the 21st we again moved to the front, and took a position on a high ridge to the left of the Chattanooga road, and immediately began to fortify the position. Nothing of importance occurred during the day, and on the night of the 21st, the regiment fell back with the brigade to Chattanooga, where nothing of importance occurred until the evening of the 24th, when the regiment, with the brigade, made a reconnaissance to the front, in which reconnaissance my regiment was deployed as skirmishers. Shortly after deploying, my regiment became engaged with a considerable body of the enemy's sharpshooters, when driving them a short distance. I was ordered to retire, having lost 1 man killed and 7 wounded.

The following is the loss in the Ninth Indiana Volunteer Infantry since the morning of the 19th:

Officers and men.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing	 Total.

Officers.	 2	 6	 1	 10

Enlisted men.	 22	 59	 17	 98

Total.	 25	 65	 18	 108

I remain, with great respect, your obedient servant,,

I. C. B. SUMAN,

Colonel Ninth Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

Captain JOHN CROWELL, Jr.

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 166.

Report of Major Richard T. Whitaker, Sixth Kentucky Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTH REGIMENT KENTUCKY VOL. INFANTRY,Camp at Chattanooga, Tenn., September 29, 1863.

SIR: I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by the Sixth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry in the battles of the 19th and 20th September, 1863:

Having bivouacked in a dense thicket in the latter part of the night of Friday, September 18, 1863, about 1 miles north of Lee and Gordon's Mills, about sunrise on the morning of the 19th, the regiment was called to attention and moved forward to the road running parallel with Chickamauga Creek, leading to Lee and Gordon's Mills, the regiment in double column at half distance. At 8 a.m. the regiment was ordered forward to the crest of a hill in a

