
rag-weed field, on the line of the Ninth Indiana skirmishers, and deployed in line of battle, Company A, Captain John McGraw commanding, having been thrown out as flankers on the left. Company F, Captain Robert H. Armstrong, was ordered forward as skirmishers.

The regiment remained in this position until about 10 a.m., during which time a lively fight had been progressing about 1 miles to our left. At 10 a.m. the regiment moved by the right flank, countermarching to the road previously occupied, along which it marched about 1 mile, and was faced to the front, moving forward in double column as reserve to the Forty-first Ohio Volunteers; the Ninth Indiana also in the second line in reserve to the One hundred and twenty-fourth Ohio Volunteers. The movements of the Sixth Kentucky Volunteers were now double-quick, and the regiment after advancing a half mile and 30 paces beyond the crest of a hill, was halted and ordered to lie down. While in this position our gallant colonel, George T. Shackelford, was severely wounded in the right shoulder. Captain Peter Marker, Company G, lost his right leg by a cannon-shot, and quite a number of the regiment were killed and wounded, among whom were Second Lieutenant Lockman, Company C, since dead; First Lieutenant Thomas R. Danks, Company C, wounded; and Corporal and Color-Guard Abraham Souther, Company B, killed. Lieutenant Colonel Richard Rockingham, having just reached the regiment from an absence on sick leave, now took command, and in a few moments the regiment took the place of the Forty-first Ohio Volunteers in front. At this point the regiment remained about one hour and a half exposed to a galling fire, to which they gallantly replied and drove the enemy back. Here Captain McGraw fell mortally wounded, and the regiment suffered severely in killed and wounded. The regiment was then relieved by the Eleventh Ohio Volunteers, and retired to the crest of the hill. In this position the regiment remained about one hour in support of a battery, and replenished ammunition.

At this point Second Lieutenant Thomas Eubanks, of Company B, was killed by canister shot. A heavy assault being made upon our right, the regiment was moved to the right by the flank, a distance of half a mile, double-quick. We were fronted and marched some 400 yards, where we met the enemy in strong force, pressing our right. Here we fought them, until, finding we were about to be flanked upon the right, the regiment retired behind the road, forming a new line. During this engagement, Lieutenant Colonel Richard Rockingham was wounded by a Minie ball in the left leg; Captain Isaac N. Johnston, Company H, wounded and missing. In this position, the regiment remained about one hour, when the brigade was moved to the left, down the Chattanooga road about half a mile, then moved to the east side of the road some 400 yards to the crest of the hill fronting the enemy, where we camped for the night. During the night a detail from the regiment, in command of Captain William Frank, Company E, was sent out as skirmishers to the left of the Forty-first Ohio Volunteers. General Palmer and Hazen, aided by the officers of their staffs, were at all times during the day along the lines; and when it seemed likely that the command of General Palmer would be flanked, he, with General Hazen and their staffs, were encouraging the men to support the battery, and by their presence and active encouragement animated them with fresh courage, when they succeeded in driving the enemy back.

Sabbath morning, September 20, 1863, General Hazen retired his

