
[CHAP. XLII.

brigade some 100 paces, and with the vigilance and thorough discipline that characterizes him as a commander ordered temporary breastworks to be thrown up, which were held by the Forty-first Ohio Volunteers and Ninth Indiana Volunteers in the first line, and

the One hundred and twenty-fourth Ohio Volunteers and Sixth and Sixth Kentucky in the second line, against several desperate charges of the enemy until 2 p.m. In the afternoon, when every man from commanding general to private seemed to say,, "What next?" an attack raging upon our right, and threatening to cut off our access to the road to Chattanooga, was met by sending General Hazen's brigade in support of Colonel Harker's command of Wood's division. In crossing a belt of woods to join the brigade, the Sixth Kentucky lost some 6 men wounded. Having crossed the woods we fell in with the brigade, in reserve to the Forty-first Ohio Volunteers, then actively engaged with the enemy. Our front line, Forty-first Ohio Volunteers and Ninth Indiana, having driven the enemy the brigade formed upon the crest of the hill, facing the late rear, about dark. After dark, Sixth Kentucky was ordered to deploy as skirmishers to our then front, obeyed the orders received and the right flank of the regiment deployed as skirmishers came in contact with a rebel regiment camped for the night. Owing to the presence of mind of Captain Robert H. Armstrong, commanding Companies A and F, Sixth Kentucky, an engagement with the enemy was avoided. I having sent word to the general commanding of the proximity of the enemy, was ordered to assemble the regiment and rejoin the brigade, which then moved by the Dug Gap road to Rossville.

In the afternoon of the 19th, when the Sixth Kentucky and Ninth Indiana were driven by overpowering numbers to retire, the safety of the Army of the Cumberland was secured by the indomitable and almost superhuman energy and exercise of will displayed by Generals Palmer and Hazen, aided by their staffs.

In the actions of the two days, 19th and 20th, the regiment sustained the following casualties, to wit: 1 colonel, 1 captain, 3 lieutenants, 88 enlisted men, wounded; 1 lieutenant-colonel, 2 captains, 2 lieutenants, 9 enlisted men,killed; 1 captain, 10 enlisted men, missing. Total, 118.

R. T. WHITAKER,

Major, Commanding Sixth Kentucky Infantry.

Captain JOHN CROWELL, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 167.

Report of Colonel Aquila Wiley, Forty-first Ohio Infantry.

CAMP OF FORTY-FIRST REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS,

Chattanooga, Tenn., September 25, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with your order, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the operations terminating in the general engagement on the Chickamauga River on the 19th and 20th instant:

On the morning of September 10, the regiment forded the Tennessee River at Friar's Island, at which place it had been on outpost

