
duty for two days previous and marched the same day to Tyner's Station, on the Knoxville and Chattanooga Railroad.

On the 11th, it marched thence to Ringgold, via Graysville, at which place we joined the rest of the division.

On the 12th, it marched from Ringgold to Gordon's Mills, acting as advance guard of the division. During the day's march, a body of rebel cavalry attempted to cut off a portion of the advance guard by charging on its flank; but the vigilance of Lieutenant-Colonel Kimberly, commanding it, frustrated their object, a volley from the skirmishers killing 1 horse and wounding 1 man (who, with two others, fell into our hands), caused to retreat precipitately. After going into bivouac the same day at Gordon's Mills, the enemy's cavalry exhibiting great audacity in approaching our position, the brigade was ordered on a reconnaissance, the regiment again forming the advance. Four companies, deployed under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Kimberly, drove them easily and without loss a distance of 2 1/2 miles, when we were ordered to return to camp. Remained in bivouac on the 13th at Gordon's Mills; marched thence to Chattanooga Valley on the 14th; thence on the 15th to a position on the Chickamauga River, about 5 miles from Gordon's Mills, and-miles from La Fayette; remained and bivouac here, receiving supplies of clothing, &amp;c., until the evening of the 17th, when we went into position in line of battle about 3 miles farther north on the same road.

In the night of the 18th, took up a new position about 4 miles farther north, on the same road; bivouacked here in line of battle, covering the front of the regiment with skirmishers.

On the 19th, the engagement began still farther on the left. As the firing of musketry became brisk, the regiment, with the rest of the brigade, was again moved to the left. About 1 p.m. we advanced in line of battle to the attack, being on the right of the first line of the brigade, with two companies deployed as skirmishers. Passing through an open wood, our skirmishers soon became engaged with those of the enemy and drove them. On emerging from the wood, we came to an open field about 400 yards in width, with another skirt of woods beyond. Through this woods the enemy started in line across the field to meet us. Near the middle of this field, and a little to our left, was a narrow strip of timber. The enemy had advanced but a short distance when he delivered his fire, and then sought to gain the cover of this strip of timber. We were too quick for them, gaining it first and delivering our fire by battalion at short range, sent them back to the woods from which they started. As soon as they began to retreat, a battery, planted in the edge of the wood, opened fire, inflicting considerable loss. As soon as the retreating forces gained the cover of the woods a heavy infantry fire was also opened on us. This position the regiment maintained till about 4 p.m., replying to the enemy's fire and repelling three attempts to dislodge us. In repelling the last assault we were supported and assisted by two companies of the One hundred and twenty-fourth Ohio Volunteers. The regiment was then relieved by the Sixth Kentucky, and ordered to retire to procure ammunition and clean their arms. While replenishing our boxes we were again ordered forward to the right, to the support of a portion of Van Cleve's division. We had barely got into position in rear of the line when it began to fall back. The regiment remained in position until the troops to whose support we had gone had retired. Those on the left retiring toward the left, created an interval through

