
notice for pursuing and bringing in 2 prisoners who took refuge in a house when the regiment repelled the last attack on their position on Saturday afternoon. They belonged to the Twelfth Tennessee Colonel Watkins, Smith's brigade, Cheatham's division. Corporal Strock's name had previously been placed upon the roll of honor, and his conduct in this engagement shows that the confidence of his comrades has not been misplaced.

Of the 9 men missing should any prove skulkers or cowards, I shall take the same interest in having them punished that I shall always take in securing to good soldiers the reward due gallant and noble conduct.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

AQUILA WILEY,

Colonel, Commanding Forty-first Ohio Volunteers.

Captain JOHN CROWELL, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 168.

Report of Major James B. Hampson, One hundred and twenty-fourth Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 124TH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Camp near Chattanooga, Tenn., September 28, 1863.

CAPTAIN: As commander of the One hundred and twenty-fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the recent engagements of the 19th and 20th instant:

At 3 o'clock on the morning of the 19th, we went into bivouac on the left of the State road, about 2 miles north of Lee and Gordon's Mills, in double column at half distance. At half past 6 a.m. we moved forward to the road, the Forty-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry deployed in our front, and stood to arms in that position until 11 a.m., during which time heavy firing was heard on our left. At half past 11 o'clock, in obedience to orders, we moved to the left along the State road, with Company B thrown out as flankers, until we reached a left-hand road, which we followed about half a mile, and then moved to the right half a mile, when we again came into position on the State road in rear of the Forty-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry in double column at half distance. The forward was then sounded, and we had advanced but a short distance when the firing commenced in our front, and the regiment was deployed into line of battle under a heavy fire of musketry from the enemy. After lying down in this position for some time on a gentle rise of ground, exposed to a severe fire and meeting with some losses, orders were received to move the regiment by the left flank and form a continuation of the line of battle of the Forty-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry. It was at this time, when confused by a galling from the enemy, that Companies A and H and a part of D, not understanding the order from the commanding officer, became detached, and they were unable to rejoin the regiment until late in the afternoon, having in the meantime done gallant service on the right of the Sixth Kentucky. After moving by the left flank about 400 paces, we were moved by the right

