
[CHAP. XLII.

flank with Company B, commanded by Captain George W. Lewis, deployed to the front as skirmishers, the enemy's fire, which had now become very heavy, telling fearfully in our ranks. The colonel at this time fell severely wounded and was carried to the rear. The firing had now become so heavy in my immediate front that I ordered my skirmish line to assemble on the left of the regiment, and fired by volley until the cartridges were nearly expended, when I was temporarily relieved by the Ninety-second Ohio. After refilling cartridge boxes, the regiment immediately retook position in the front, relieving the Ninety-second and remaining under a severe fire for nearly an hour, when, after a very heavy loss, we were again relieved by one of General Turchin's regiments and ordered to join our brigade, which had been moved to the right.

This engagement was in an open wood, with little shelter on either side, in full view of the enemy, who advanced repeatedly in line against us, the combined fire of artillery and infantry being for a long time incapable of breaking either line; but the superior valor and energy of our troops at last triumphed, and as the regiment retired it was evident the line of the enemy was giving way. This was the first severe fire my regiment had ever sustained, and too much cannot be said in praise of the skill and courage of the men, for few troops have ever met a heavier and more resolute fire. WE ere placed on the left of the brigade about half a mile to the right of our former position, with our left resting on the State road, and were here rejoined by Companies A and H of the regiment. We were hardly in position when the brigade which we were ordered to support fell back, and we received the full force of a terrible fire before being aware that the line just to our front in the woods was that of the enemy and not our own troops. The regiment delivered a most telling volley in return, when, being greatly outnumbered and unsupported on its flanks, it retired in line to the crest of a hill in the rear, regaining position just as the enemy were checked by the fire of batteries massed on the left. It was now sundown, and the fighting for the day having apparently ceased, we went into bivouac in line of battle about one-half a mile to the left of the position last held.

At about half past 7 o'clock heavy firing was heard on our left, and we were again ordered to move in that direction, taking up our position in the front line, and bivouacking in line of battle immediately in front of Johnson's division.

On the morning of the 20th, we threw up a slight breastwork of logs and rails on a slight crest immediately in front our lines, behind which we fought without loss until afternoon, resisting several most desperate charges of the enemy, who vainly tried to capture our works and our battery, of which we were the left support. Our fire, which was by volley, was delivered with marked precision and rapidity, my regiment being for a short time assisted by the Twenty-third Kentucky, who alternated with us in pouring most deadly discharges into the enemy's ranks, which were repeatedly broken and finally repulsed. About 3 o'clock we were ordered to move to the right to support Colonel Harker's brigade, which was being hard pressed, and we suffered a loss of several killed and wounded in performing the movement, Company. A being thrown out as skirmishers. But the enemy were soon driven, the regiment firing by battalion and performing several evolutions under fire. The firing at this point was for a short time very severe. Heavy

