
firing was soon developed on the left, and I was ordered to change front from right to rear, which was done promptly and without loss.

At twilight all firing ceased, and our regiment was formed with the brigade in a hollow square on the crest of the hill about which we had fought, where we remained until after dark, when we were ordered to retreat on the road to Rossville, which was done in perfect order, Company A being thrown out on the right as flankers. WE went into bivouac at Rossville in line of battle, and remained there until 8 o'clock on the morning of the 21st, when we were moved to the front and placed in position in the front line of the brigade on Missionary Ridge. There we threw up a slight breastwork of rails and stone, with our front well covered with skirmishers, and remained under cover during the day, exposed in the afternoon to a light fire from a rebel battery.

We were moved from this position on the night of the 21st, and took up the position we now occupy on the morning of the 22nd .

I hereby submit a list of casualties:

Companies.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing	 Tota

 	 	 	 l

Officers	 ----	 2	 ---	 2

A	 2	 19	 5	 26

B	 1	 13	 1	 15

C	 ----	 6	 4	 10

D	 ----	 11	 1	 12

E	 1	 11	 3	 15

F	 3	 3	 1	 7

G	 1	 5	 3	 9

H	 4	 11 	 5	 20

I	 2	 9	 4	 15

Unassigned.	 1	 2	 7	 10

Total.	 15	 92	 34	 141

The early loss of the colonel at a moment of great danger was most keenly felt by the regiment and cannot be too sincerely deplored. Unbounded confidence was felt in his skill and courage, and his gallant conduct during the brief exposure before his wound gave evidence of what might have been expected in the subsequent encounters. Officers and men unanimously lamented his loss, regarding the absence of a respected and beloved leader as no small calamity for a regiment just undergoing its first trial, from which the memory of his example and the fruit of his thorough and patient drill could alone rescue it. My adjutant, C. D. Hammer, displayed tact and courage in a marked degree, and I gladly take the occasion to mention his efficiency in all his duties, both in the field and at the desk, a deserve compliment in which all my officers will most heartily join.

My line officers with one or two exceptions, merit unqualified praise for their coolness, bravery, and gallant conduct, which enabled them to control and inspire their men in moments of severe trial and great danger. Nearly all my non-commissioned officers exhibited gallantry of a high order, meeting with an unusually number of losses, which is a proof at once of their courage and devotion.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. HAMPSON,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain JOHN CROWELL, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

