
[CHAP. XLII.

Report of Lieutenant Giles J. Cockerill, Battery F, First Ohio Light Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTERY F, FIRST OHIO VOL. ARTILLERY,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 27, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my battery in the late battle of Crawfish Spring, Ga.:

On the morning of the 17th instant, I was encamped on the La Fayette road at [Gower's] Ford, on Chickamauga Creek, with General W. B. Hazen's brigade. About 6 a.m the enemy drove in our pickets; heavy skirmishing until 12 m. same day. At 4 p.m. received orders from General Hazen to move to Gordon's Mills. Took up line of march at sunset. Bivouacked 1 mile from Crawfish Spring for the night. Moved up in line of battle on eve of the 18th, battery occupying a high ridge in front of General Hazen's brigade. Took up line of march same night at 12 m.by order of General Hazen. Marched 5 miles. Went into position on right of Chattanooga road at daylight of the 19th, supported by the Ninth Indiana and Forty-first Ohio. Made a reconnaissance early in the morning with one section, supported by Colonel Grose's brigade, to the left of our position. Heavy firing was heard on our, but we did not participate. Moved and joined our division. I moved with General Hazen's brigade on Chattanooga road about 1 miles, formed line of battle on the right of the road; then, moving forward one-half mile, we met the enemy in strong force. Battery taking position in rear of General Hazen's brigade, opened fire on the enemy at 12 m., firing at intervals for about three hours. The brigade having been relieved, I was ordered to fall back to the Chattanooga road. We lost here 2 men wounded.

Having halted on the road, I received orders from General Hazen that our right was being driven back, and, if it was possible to check the enemy. I changed front from our original position to fire to the right. The enemy showing himself in strong force in our front, I opened a heavy cannonade upon him, which, with the assistance of Lieutenants Russell's and Cushing's batteries, succeeded in putting him to fight. In coming into position here, Second Lieutenant John Lynch fell from his horse, mortally wounded, expiring next day at 2 p.m. The firing having ceased in our front, we moved down the Chattanooga road about one-half mile, bivouacked on the left of the road to allow my men to prepare supper. Received orders from General Hazen at 7 p.m. to move to our left and front with his brigade as support for General Johnson (who was on our left), he being engaged. But before we reached him the enemy had withdrawn, and we bivouacked for the night one-quarter mile from, and on the right of, the Chattanooga road.

Sunday morning, the 20th, the infantry supporting me, changed front to the right, throwing up temporary works, having replenished with 200 rounds in the meantime. Near 9 a.m. the enemy attacked us in strong force, when we opened upon him. Succeeded in maintaining our position, notwithstanding the repeated desperate charges made by him during the day. Near 2 p.m. the fire on both sides gradually ceased, with the exception of a few sharpshooters. Received orders at 4 p.m. from one of General Palmer's aides to withdraw to the Rossville road. Battery limbered up and withdrew,

