
having expended all my ammunition but 15 rounds. Held the position we had taken the evening before. During this day's fight, had 1 man killed, 6 wounded, and 2 missing. Had 2 horses killed and 10 wounded. Halted for the night at the spring near Rossville.

Monday morning, 21st, firing in front. Took position near road by your order. Did not do any firing during the day. At 4 p.m. received orders from Major Mendenhall to move toward Chattanooga. Bivouacked in a large field on the right of the road for the night.

Tuesday morning, the 22nd, received orders to march from General Hazen. Moved in rear of his brigade to the right of town, and took position on the ridge. Pieces, limbers, and caissons were all brought off the field safely.

Casualties during the entire battle were: One commissioned officer killed, 1 enlisted man killed, 8 enlisted men wounded, 2 enlisted men missing, 2 horses killed, and 10 wounded.

All of which is very respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully,

G. J. COCKERILL,

First Lieutenant, Commanding.

Captain W. E. STANDART,

Chief of Artillery, Second Div., 21st Army Corps.

Numbers 170.

Reports of Colonel William Grose, Thirty-sixth Indiana Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,September 16, 1863-6.15 p.m.

SIR: I have just returned from Green Worthen's farm, about 2 miles out. We met the enemy's pickets about 600 yards from our picket line, and skirmished the balance of the way. The route is very difficult to advance over, with everything in favor of the party in position. The enemy first took position behind the crest of a ridge on the farther side of a large farm, at which place, only, we were compelled to move them by a couple of shells. At Worthen's house they made a determined stand, but our skirmishers here could reach their flanks, and in this way drove them beyond the pass at Worthen's house. The enemy had but cavalry-perhaps about 200 strong-which had been encamped at the pass spoken of in Colonel Wheeler's inclosed torn note* to Major McDonald, which was picked up in the road at the last position of the enemy.

We obtained about 20 bushels potatoes, 4 small cattle, and about 60 bushels of wheat in sacks, all at Worthen's. What shall I do with the wheat? The other items are disposed of. There is more wheat there, but we had but two wagons.

Worthen and family have left, and their premises were only occupied by the rebel troops.

I had but 1 man wounded, and he not dangerous.

I am, most respectfully,

WM. GROSE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain J. R. MUHLEMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

