
come into the breach. The colonel changed front to the right, and with his brave and hitherto-tried regiment contested every inch of ground until compelled to give way before overwhelming numbers, the enemy having reached his then right flank (our former rear). All was retired in tolerably good order, which ended my fighting for the day.

General Cruft's brigade, which had not yet exhausted its ammunition nor been seriously engaged,now changed front to the enemy, engaged him, and came off master of that part of the field.

The ensuing night we lay upon our arms without water or rest, and though the fatigues had been great, yet there was more to endure upon the coming day. Ammunition replenished, we were again in position for the fearful labors that awaited us on the holy Sabbath.

Early I was ordered to take position on the right of General Hazen's brigade on the right of our division, which was done, and each regiment quickly threw before it barricades of logs and such materials as could readily be obtained, but before the action on our part of the line commenced, one of my regiments, the Twenty-third Kentucky, had been loaned to General Hazen to fill out his lines, and with the order four, about 9 o'clock, I was ordered to the left of General Baird's division (General Rousseau's old division) to strengthen his left. Before we arrived at the intended position in the line, the enemy came upon Baird's division, and consequently upon my command, in fearful numbers. I formed the four regiments under a destructive fire from the enemy in a woodland covered with a heavy underbrush, fronting nearly north and at right angles with the main line of battle, the Thirty-sixth Indiana and Eighty-fourth Illinois in the front line, the Sixth and Twenty-fourth Ohio in the Second line. Thus formed we met the enemy, and had a desperate struggle with fearful loss on both sides. The brigade advanced and was repulsed, advanced a second time and was again repulsed, and, with some forces that now came to our assistance, advanced the third time and held the woodland.

In this contest for mastery over the woodland, fell many of my best and bravest officers and men. The dead and dying of both armies mingled together over this bloody field. Here I parted with many of my comrades forever, particularly old mess-mates of the Thirty-sixth Indiana, and whose remains I was unable to remove from the field. In this conflict and amid the shifting scenes of battle, Colonel Waters, of the Eighty-fourth Illinois, with a part of his regiment became detached from the brigade to the west of the road and became mingled with the division of General Negley, who, it seems, shortly after ordered that portion of Colonel Waters' regiment, with at least a portion of his own command, toward Chattanooga, on the pretext of sending off Colonel Waters as train guard, for particulars of which, reference is made to the report of Colonel Waters. The residue of the Eighty-fourth Illinois Regiment, under the command of Captain William Ervin, of Company C, with Lieutenants McClain, Scoggan, and Logue, with parts of four companies, remained with the brigade, and, on the left of and with the Thirty-sixth Indiana, did efficient and good service. Captain Ervin deserves notice for coolness and bravery during this fight as well as the lieutenants above named. After the fighting had ceased, and with seeming success to our arms, on this portion of the line, now about 1 or 2 p.m., I withdrew the Thirty-sixth Indiana, Twenty-

