
about one-half mile, and ascended a high wooded hill and reformed, faced as before, now out of range of the enemy's fire. It was now dusk, and as soon as all was closed up, and meeting General Cruft with his brigade here, we consulted together with our division commander and retired to Rossville, about 4 or 5 miles distant on the Chattanooga road, and rested for the night.

It is due that I mention in this place an act of bravery and danger of my aide, Lieutenant Boice. After we had passed over the first farm, fearing that my orders to Captain Ervin, of the Eighty-fourth Illinois, had not been definitely understood, and that he with his command might be left behind and lost, I directed Lieutenant Boice to return again over the field of death and see that the captain was coming with his command. The direction was promptly obeyed, and the lieutenant made the trip and returned unharmed. My fears for his safety were inexpressibly relieved when I saw him safely return. For this and similar efficient services during all these battles Lieutenant Boice deserves the most favorable notice. In the position assigned me with my command at and near Rossville on the 21st, although i did no fighting, and a better situation could not have been given me, yet I lost 1 man killed and 1 wounded from the enemy's artillery. From thence we withdrew to our present position without further harm.

Lieutenant Russell, in command of M Company, Fourth U. S. Artillery, on Saturday, the 19th, was placed in position in the center of my front line, and did effective service. On Sunday he, as well as Lieutenant Cushing, commanding H Company, Fourth U. S. Artillery, played a heavy part upon the enemy's columns. Those lieutenants, although they look mere boys, yet for bravery and effective service they are not excelled if equaled in efficiency by any artillerists in the army. They have the credit of being in the last of the fighting, and then retiring with but the loss of one piece of Lieutenant Cushing's that had been disabled during the engagement.

Colonel Waters, with his brave regiment, deserves great credit for the manner in which the one commanded and the other performed the perilous duties devolving upon them during the battle.

The brave Colonel Nick Anderson, with his regiment Sixth Ohio, performed his whole duty up to the evening of the 19th. He having been wounded during that day, was compelled to be relieved. The command thereafter devolved upon Major Erwin, who performed it highly satisfactorily.

Lieutenant-Colonel Carey, Thirty-sixth Indiana, brave to the last, received a severe wound during the battle on 19th, and was succeeded by Major Trusler in command, who deserves a high meed of praise for continuing the good management of the regiment. Brave old regiment! your country will remember you when these trying times are over.

Lieutenant-Colonel Foy and Twenty-third Kentucky, side by side with your comrades and brothers in arms from Ohio, Illinois, and Indiana you did your duty well.

Colonel Higgins and Twenty-fourth Ohio can boast of as brave and dutiful officers and men as can be found in any army. Captain George M. Graves, my acting assistant adjutant-general a brave and good officer, fell by my side, mortally wounded, on the 19th, while rendering efficient service. He has since died. Rest in peace, brave soldier.

Isaac Bigelow and George Shirk, two of my orderlies, were wounded on the 20th, the latter seriously, and who was carrying the brigade

