
[CHAP. XLII.

Numbers 172.

Report of Major Gilbert Trusler, Thirty-sixth Indiana Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-SIXTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Chattanooga, Tenn., September 27, 1863.

SIR: As commander of the Thirty-sixth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, I have the honor to report the movements of the regiment since the afternoon of September 3, 1863, at which date we arrived on the north bank of the Tennessee River. The crossing was effected between 10 p.m. of the 3rd and daylight of the 4th, at the mouth of Battle Creek. Lieutenant Colonel O. H. P. Carey was at this time commanding the regiment. The strength of the regiment was 25 commissioned officers and 322 enlisted men. WE moved to Shellmound, 5 miles up the river, on the afternoon of the 4th. Our marches from that time forward, until we crossed the Lookout Mountain, 2 miles south of Chattanooga, on the 9th instant, were slow, though men and officers suffered from exposure, the night being quite cool, and nearly everything in the shape of baggage and bedding being left behind.

From the 9th to the 16th, we marched with the rest of your brigade a distance of some 60 miles, skirmishing with the enemy's cavalry frequently, suffering no loss.

On the 16th, we had another skirmish with the enemy's cavalry, Companies G and H, as skirmishers, with Companies A and C, thrown out as flankers, driving them pell-mell into and partly through Worthen's Gap of the Pigeon Mountain, where we captured a quantity of forage. We had none killed or wounded.

From the 16th to the evening of the 18th,we were moving along the banks of the Chickamauga River, always in presence of the enemy, but by whom we were not molested, excepting the wounding of 1 man of Company F from a stray shot on the afternoon of the 18th. In the memorable battles of Saturday and Sunday, the 19th and 20th instant, the part taken by the Thirty-sixth regiment was an active one. It was our fortune to be thrown into the engagement of Saturday immediately after the firing began, 11 a.m. Though suffering terribly in killed and wounded, [we] were able to hold our position on the right of the brigade, in support of a section of artillery, until 3 p.m., at which time our ammunition gave out, and we were compelled to fall back. This was accomplished in good order and with small loss. During the engagement the enemy, pressing us closely at all points, was punished severely. Lieutenant-Colonel Carey retained command of the regiment from the beginning of the engagement until 1 p.m., when he was severely wounded in the ankle and compelled to retire from the field. After falling back a distance of perhaps 200 yards our men were reformed, and, although unable to secure ammunition, stood up before the enemy's fire with fixed bayonets, supporting a battery of artillery, which was showering shot and shell into his ranks.

The rebel charge being checked we moved a short distance forward, and to the rear and left of the position occupied during the day, where we bivouacked for the night.

At daylight on the morning of the 20th, we again shifted our position to the left, throwing up breastworks of logs and brush, in anticipation of an early attack. We remained at this place but a short time when we were relieved by a regiment of another division. At 8

