
o'clock the enemy's column was advancing upon us, and we at once moved forward to the combat, our position being the extreme left regiment of the line. The enemy charged three times to our front, and was as often repulsed with heavy loss. On the fourth attack his column moved around our left, and we again got an opportunity, which we gladly improved to punish him severely. The men of my regiment, with 100 men of the Eighty-fourth Illinois Volunteers, under Captain Ervin, attaching themselves to our left, rushed vigorously to the assault, but it was like the ocean spray beating against the rock-bound coast. We were utterly powerless to check the surging and powerful columns of a foe outnumbering us three to one; and, regardless of the slaughter to which he was exposing his men, onward and still onward he moved, until our position was passed and our flank turned. By your order we then withdrew, and awaited the order to retire from the field, on which our men had displayed to greatest heroism and valor, and which, from being vastly outnumbered, they were compelled to yield to the desperate foe. WE came off in good order about 5 p.m., being exposed to a concentrated fire from the enemy's artillery, who appeared to anticipate the movement?

Our losses in the battle of the two days are hereto appended.*

I cannot conclude, colonel, without calling especial attention to the heroism and bravery displayed by the officers and men of my command, from the commencement to the end of these most terrible conflict of the war. They were brave beyond what may ordinarily be expected of men, and no one can but be proud that his name is identified with the Thirty-sixth Indiana Volunteers.

G. TRUSLER,

Major, Commanding Thirty-sixth Indiana Volunteers.

Colonel W. GROSE, Commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 173.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel James C. Foy, Twenty-third Kentucky Infantry.

HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD REGT. KENTUCKY VOL. INFTY.

Camp near Chattanooga, Tenn., September 27, 1863.

SIR: About 2 a.m. of the 4th instant, Lieutenant Livezey, aide-de-camp to Colonel William Grose, commanding our brigade, came to me as we lay in bivouac near Battle Creek, with orders for me to arouse my men and proceed to cross the Tennessee River. My instructions were to cross one-half the regiment at that point and march with the remainder some 1 1/2 miles below to Battle Creek, where Colonel Grose had crossed most of the brigade. The same orders were repeated to me in a few minutes by Captain Brooks, inspector of our brigade. The men were instantly awoke and formed in marching order. The evening before, I, according to orders received through Lieutenant Boice, aide-de-camp to Colonel Grose, had sent three companies to the river to assist the battery in crossing. The companies on that duty were Company D, Captain William Boden; Company E, Captain John Barnes, and Company F, First Lieutenant J. P. Duke. On arriving at the river I found that one of these companies had already crossed, and immediately ordered out

---------------

*Nominal list omitted; see revised statement, p. 176.

---------------

