
after the words "Major Bond" and before the words " of my staff," and omit the word "and" before the words "Major Bond," so that the passage when corrected will read, "Giving the troops directions to rally behind the ridge west of the Dry Valley road. I passed down it accompanied by General Garfield, Major McMichael, Major Bond, and Captain Young, of my staff."

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, January 4, 1864.

GENERAL: Accompanying this are the reports of Brig. General

R. B. Mitchell,* acting chief of cavalry, of the operations of the cavalry in Chattanooga Campaign, and of Colonel Wilder,+ who details the work performed by his mounted infantry during the same period.

It will be remembered that these reports did not accompany my official account of the campaign, in consequence of the absence of these commanders and their troops in pursuit of Wheeler's rebel cavalry.

Having, in my general report, given an outline of the brilliant part taken by Wilder's brigade in the great demonstration on the enemy's front above Chattanooga, I respectfully call attention to the facts that he was able to attract almost two divisions of rebels to that part of the river, and that for thirty days some of his command were daily skirmishing with the enemy, while our troops crossed below.

His bold and successful advance on Dalton and reconnaissance thence by Leet's Tan-yard to Gordon's Mills, unquestionably checked a very serious movement on Crittenden's corps, at a time when it would have been very dangerous to us. His command also merits the thanks of the country for its noble stand at the crossing of the Chickamauga, where his and Minty's cavalry brigade resisted the enemy so obstinately on the afternoon of the 18th as to give us that night to anticipate him on the Rossville road.

I trust Colonel Wilder will be promoted for his many gallant services.

As to the cavalry, the accompanying reports are so full that I need only add that as an arm of the service it has been equal to its duty on all occasions, and on the 18th,19th, and 20th of September it behaved with conspicuous gallantry, covering our shattered right and protected our trains in the valley of Chattanooga Creek on the 20th.

It was to provide for the security of these trains, which had been sent to that valley on the 18th, and that they should be moved into Chattanooga after our right was driven back on the 20th, that I directed special attention, and it is greatly due to the behavior of the cavalry on that day that we lost none of our wagons, and that many of our ambulances and some of our artillery and caissons came safely into the place.

The losses of the cavalry appear in the accompanying report, 43 killed, 132 wounded, and 283 missing, making a total of 439, instead of 500, as conjecturally stated in my official report.

I cannot forbear calling the special attention of the

General-in-Chief and the War Department to the conspicuous gallantry and laborious services of this arm. Exposed in all weather, almost always

---------------

*See p.890. +See p.444.

---------------

