
[CHAP. XLII.

Company H, Captain Tifft, and Company I, Captain Black, to cross here, and placed the whole under the command of Captain T. J. Williams, who was assisting me in the capacity of acting major. With the other four companies, A, B, K, and C, I proceeded down to the designated point, Company G being detached as guard to the ammunition train.

We soon arrived at the crossing, and reported to Colonel Grose, whom I found superintending the crossing of the brigade in person. We were ordered to get an old scow loose that had been run on a snag, which was not accomplished without some difficulty. In the meantime, as soon as any of the small boats would arrive, I had them filled, and placed the first load in charge of Major G. W. Northup. I remained behind myself to assist the others off until every man had crossed except the chaplain and a few of the hospital department.

On arriving at the opposite bank a little before sunrise, Captain William reported to me that the companies under his charge had all crossed in safety. I ordered him to remain where he was until I could get word from Colonel Grose. I then marched the four companies that were with me back from the river into a grove of trees, where we got breakfast about 8.30 a.m. I received orders, through Captain G. M. Graves, acting assistant adjutant-general of Colonel Grose's brigade, to collect my men together. I immediately dispatched Major G. W. Northup for the four companies in charge of Captain Williams. They joined us about 9.30 a.m. WE lay there until about 1 p.m., when we, in connection with the other regiments of the brigade, went into camp close to Shellmound, 7 miles distant from the place of crossing the river.

September 5.-Left Camp Shellmound about 3.30 p.m. and marched toward Chattanooga on the road running along the river. Passed the burned bridge and camped about 8 miles, at 9.30 p.m., in a corn-field, called Camp Whiteside.

September 6.-Continued our line of march, starting about 7 a.m. Halted about 12 m. Bivouacked in an orchard on the left of the road. Were now within 4 miles of Trenton, Ga. The place of our camp was called Squirreltown Spring. We crossed the Tennessee line into Georgia about 9 a.m. this day.

September 7.-Remained at this place all this day.

September 8.-Reveille at 2 a.m. We were in motion precisely at 3 a.m. Marched until 6.30 a.m., when we halted and kept the men under arms all day. Hawkins' Station about 4 miles distant. That night I received orders from Colonel Grose in person that he intended to start the next morning on a reconnaissance up the Lookout Mountain; that he would start at 4 a.m. and wound expect to take my regiment with him in connection with the Twenty-fourth Ohio and Eighty-fourth Illinois. Accordingly, at 4 a.m. we fell in line and moved off. On our arrival at the foot of the mountain, distant from our place of bivouac 2 miles, the Eighty-fourth Illinois was left there to protect our rear, while the Twenty-fourth Ohio led the advance up to the summit, followed close by my regiment. The skirmishers of the Twenty-fourth Ohio drove in the enemy's outposts, wounding 1 man that we know of. On hearing the enemy's fire I hastened my men up the mountain. Colonel Grose ordered me to take my position on the right of Twenty-fourth Ohio, and to throw out one company as skirmishers, which I immediately did. I ordered Captain Hardiman, commanding Company B, to deploy his

