
company well to the right, which he did. We now stood in line of battle for a few moments. No seeing or hearing any more from the enemy, Colonel Grose ordered me to throw up temporary breastworks. This was quickly done. After lying there about two hours we moved forward along the crest of the mountain, arriving at Point Lookout about 11.30 a.m. We found no enemy in force on the mountain, and now from this point could be distinctly seen the dust from the enemy's column moving out from Chattanooga. The colonel commanding decided on giving us a little rest for a few hours. WE started down the mountain between 1 and 2 p.m., leaving Chattanooga to our left. Went into bivouac near Rossville, distant about 4 miles from Chattanooga, and in the State of Georgia.

September 10.-Marched from camp on the Ringgold road. The skirmishers of the First Brigade were driven back by the rebels at

------

. My regiment was ordered forward at double-quick. I threw out Company B, Captain Hardiman, and Company D, Captain Boden, as skirmishers here. We proceeded forward in line of battle with our right resting on the road, connecting, with the left of the Thirty-first Indiana, in General Cruft's brigade. WE skirmished all the afternoon, driving the enemy's skirmishers before us. Returned and bivouacked on the enemy's camp ground 1 1/2 miles west of Graysville.

September 11.-Left camp about 6.30 a.m. Started on the Ringgold road, via Graysville. Arrived at Ringgold about 12m. Halted and went into bivouac close to the town.

September 12.-left camp a little after sunrise by the road to La Fayette. At 10 a.m. halted, distant 5 miles from Ringgold, and formed line of battle, with our left resting on the road. I sent out the two left companies forward on the road as outposts. They were stationed by Colonel Grose. Heard skirmishing to our left. We were under arms here all the time until about 4 p.m., when we marched out, bivouacked some 3 miles ahead in a corn-field, where it was said that General Polk's corps had passed the night before. This was on the Chickamauga Creek, which was about one-quarter of a mile from the camp, and immediately opposite Lee and Gordon's Mills on the east side.

September 13.-We were up and stood in line of battle from 3 a.m. until daylight, when we proceeded to get breakfast. About 7 a.m. we were startled by heavy skirmishing in our front. The regiment formed line of battle instantly, and was ordered by Colonel Grose to take position about 200 yards to the rear of the Eighty-fourth Illinois, with our left almost connecting with the Thirty-sixth Indiana. WE remained in this position and under arms all day.

September 14.-Received orders from Colonel Grose to be ready to march at a moment's notice. This was about 3.30 a.m. Started in connection with the brigade about sunrise. Crossed the Chickamauga at Lee and Gordon's Mills, marched about 10 miles in a southwesterly direction, and bivouacked in Chattanooga Valley, about 12 miles from Chattanooga.

September 15.-Reveille at 3 a.m. Started at 5 a.m., retracing our way toward Lee and Gordon's Mills, but turned off the right. Halted about 9.30 a.m. for water at Crawfish Spring. After resting a short time, resumed the march and halted at 12 m. on the bank of Chickamauga Creek, south of Lee and Gordon's Mills and 6 miles above.

September 16.-Prospect of staying here. Had the camp well cleaned up under the supervision of Lieutenant J. P. Duke, as officer of the day.

