
[CHAP. XLII.

September 17.-There was considerable firing on our pickets last night and early this morning. The rebel pickets made a heavy dash on General Hazen's brigade, which was camped on our right. I was immediately on my horse and had the regiment ready to move. Colonel Grose came down, and the firing not continuing, we were ordered to get our breakfast and be ready to move. Not hearing anything now of the enemy, I had a hastily constructed breastwork of logs thrown up on the bank of the stream. This evening moved camp about 3 miles toward Lee and Gordon's Mills and bivouacked in an open field.

September 18.-Lay here until 3 p.m. Moved out and relieved the Eight Kentucky of General Van Cleve's division. WE formed line of battle to the left of the Sixth Ohio, our right resting close to a farm-house 4 miles from Lee and Gordon's Mills. According to orders, I sent out company H, Captain Tifft, and Company F, First Lieutenant J. P. Duke, to relieve two companies of the Eight Kentucky, who were out as skirmishers. Our skirmishers saw the rebels plainly and drove their line back, until I had to send word for them to fall back and act as pickets for the regiment. At 12 o'clock midnight we were relieved by the Fifteenth Kentucky. After some little delay, the brigade proceeded toward Lee and Gordon's Mills, where we arrived about daylight on the morning of the 19th.

September 19.-We had scarcely breakfasted when our brigade was in motion again, going out the Rossville road. WE numbered for duty 240 enlisted men, 23 officers; aggregate, 263.

(I should have mentioned above, that on crossing the Tennessee River I had 300 men; [but] through sickness and [those] necessarily with the teams left behind, the regiment [was reduced] to the above number.)

We proceeded down this road about 3 miles, throwing out Company I, Captain Black, and Company C, First Lieutenant Hudson, as skirmishers, when we turned to the right of the road, marching down 700 yards and formed line of battle on the right of the Thirty-sixth Indiana, and 350 yards to the rear of the Eighty-fourth Illinois battery being behind the Eighty-fourth Illinois, and they had proceeded bus a short distance when the battle commenced by some other troops on our left and front. WE proceeded cautiously along in the direction of the battle-ground, but just before we reached the conflict I was ordered to march my regiment by the left flank back to the road we had come on, the other regiments of the brigade following. Colonel Grose has just received orders from General Palmer, commanding the division, to march his brigade back. Before we had got quite back we were met by General Palmer and were turned toward the field of battle again. WE arrived on the battle-ground a little before 11 a.m. My regiment was posted to the left of the Twenty-fourth Ohio, about 30 paces, Russell's battery a little to our rear, the Second Kentucky about 100 yards in advance and to our left. The battle was now raging warmly. The battery to our rear was pouring a destructive fire into their ranks, while the Second Kentucky to our left, the Twenty-fourth Ohio on our right, and the Twenty-third Kentucky poured in volley after volley. After we had been in this position about one-half to three-quarters of an hour, I noticed that the enemy were renewing the attack with redoubled vigor. The Second Kentucky retired step by step and inch by inch until they arrived on a line with us. At this instant I noticed the Twenty-fourth Ohio giving slowly back. I immediately

