
September 21.-We marched out the Rossville road about 2 1/2 miles, ascended a point of the mountain to the north of the road. We lay on the west side of the mountain until about 3 p.m.; were ordered to the top of the mountain and placed behind some breastworks to the left of the Forty-first Ohio. Very little firing was done here, except by an occasional sharpshooter. About midnight we moved down the hill and bivouacked in our present camp from that time until now. Since then our duty has been varied, such as picket and outpost duty, standing at arms, resting, and working on the breastworks.

I have forgotten to mention the casualties of the 20th. They were as follows: One man killed, 3 wounded, which make a total of casualties of 1 officer killed, 9 enlisted men killed, 3 officers wounded, and 45 enlisted men wounded and 9 enlisted men missing. There are 10 or 12 others wounded in the regiment, but their wounds being so slight, they being all able for duty, I thought it unnecessary to report them. There are only nine companies of the regiment, the other company being detached as train guard.

And now, in conclusion, allow me to express publicly my warmest thanks to both men and officers for the promptness and alacrity with which they obeyed every order; also, for the cool courage with which they faced the enemy in the battles of the two days.

Where all did well it is hard to particularize. I must thank Captain Tifft for his undaunted courage on both days. I also return my thanks for the assistance rendered me in the management of the regiment by Major G. W. Northup, Captain T. J. Williams, acting major, and Adjt. W. H. Mundy. I feel grateful to Captain Hardiman and Lieutenant J. P. Duke for the prompt assistance rendered me. Lieutenant Henry G. Shiner, of Company B, who was wounded in Saturday's fight, I cannot speak too highly of-his qualities as a soldier and an officer, ever ready to obey and yield me all the assistance in his power, whether it was on the march or in the bivouac. I know that the services of an officer like him can never be repaid, but he has my best wishes for his speedy recovery. For Lieutenant J. C. Hoffman and the brave men who fell I drop a silent tear.

One word now for the enlisted men. No men could fight better; not only my own men, but all that came under my observation, and too much credit cannot be given to the private soldiers for the fortitude, bravery, and unparalleled heroism displayed by them. I had almost forgotten our worthy chaplain, Rev. William H. Black, whose place here, as at Stone's River, was in hospital, and visiting wounded soldiers. I know that many of the wounded, both in this and the battle of Stone's River, have had cause to bless his name, as he worked with his own hands to administer to them what relief was in his power. In the name of the sick and wounded soldiers, I publicly return him my thanks for favors bestowed on them; also, to Surgeons Morrison and Hasbrouck, who, in their department, I know labored to alleviate the suffering of the wounded soldiers consigned to their charge. Herewith Inclose you a list of the casualties.*

I remain, sir, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

JAS. C. FOY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. 23rd Regt. Kentucky Vols.

Colonel W. GROSE, Commanding Third Brigade.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 176.

---------------

