
enemy. Captain Dryden and Lieutenant McCoy, equally as brave, were borne from the field severely wounded. When the gallant Corporal Ogle, who bore the regimental colors, fell, Corpl. D. A. Leimin seized and bore them safely from the field.

A list of the killed, wounded, and missing appended.*

Respectfully submitted.

DAVID J. HIGGINS,

Colonel, Comdg. Twenty-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Colonel W. GROSE, Commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 176.

Report of Lieutenant Harry C. Cushing, Battery H, Fourth U. S. Artillery.

BATTERY H, FOURTH U. S. ARTILLERY,

Chattanooga, September 26, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my battery during the battle of the 19th and 20th instant:

On the morning of the 19th, by direction of Captain Standart, chief of artillery Second Division, I moved it from its temporary position on the road near Gordon's Mills and joined Colonel Grose's brigade. I was immediately moved into action. I sent Second Lieutenant Robert Floyd, with one section, to the left center of the brigade, and took the other to the right myself. Fighting commenced immediately and was very severe. The enemy endeavored to drive our right, but the vigorous action of Colonel Anderson and the Sixth Ohio and a liberal use of short-fused case-shot and canister by my section caused them to retire, and the arrival of General Reynolds' troops completed their discomfiture. This gave me time to refill my limbers, and, fighting being discontinued in our immediate front, we lay quiet about a quarter of an hour, but increased firing in General Reynolds' front decided me to go to his assistance. At a gallop I took the whole battery and reported to General Reynolds, and took position on the left of his battery. His troops were retiring before the heavy force of the enemy, but the quick and well-sustained fire of these batteries gave the troops time to recover and the enemy was repulsed there. The enemy, foiled there, gained ground to the left and precipitated themselves in tremendous force on the right of these troops and enfiladed our line of batteries. The whole line was thrown back, and this throwing the batteries back in the hollow, I reported to General Hazen, who was forming a new line across the road. M, of the Fourth Artillery, F, of the First Ohio, and my battery were massed obliquely across the road covering the rebel approach. Their appearance was the signal for a most rapid and destructive fire from these batteries and driving the rebels. This closed the fight for me that day, my ammunition being totally exhausted. The next morning our ordnance train arrived and we filled up. Lieutenant Floyd had been wounded the evening before and sent to General Johnson's hospital. Our brigade was in reserve, but as soon as the fighting commenced, it was ordered to re-enforce General Johnson, my battery accompanying it. Hardly had we reached the ground when the left of General Johnson was

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 176.

---------------

