
Lieutenant-Colonel Phillips, fearing an attack from Jackson, had set fire to all the engines and cars in Grenada, about 30 and 200, respectively.

I remained in Grenada one day, and with the whole command moved northward via Panola and Coldwater, separating from Colonel Phillips at a point 10 miles north of Panola.

Found the crossing at the Coldwater in possession of a force of the enemy under Colonel Blythe, but he was speedily driven out.

I had not a day's rations when we left Yazoo City, yet we made a very favorable impression south of Grenada.

Lieutenant-Colonel Phillips had instructions directly antagonistic to those in my possession.

I shall have the honor to make an official report at once, and send or carry it to you.

Very truly, I have the pleasure of being your obedient servant to command,

E. F. WINSLOW,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Forces.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps.

HDQRS. CAVALRY FORCES, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Ten., August 23, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with instruction, the forces under my command, consisting of the Third Iowa, Fourth Iowa, and Fifth Illinois Cavalry Regiments, 800 men, left camp on Big Black River, at 5 a.m., 10th instant, and halted at 1 p.m. 8 miles below Mechanicsburg, 18 miles from camp, until 5 o'clock next morning, when we moved through Mechanicsburg to the plantation of Mr. Roach, and halted at noon, being then 9 miles from Yazoo City, which place was reached at 8 o'clock on the morning of the 12th instant.

The gunboat, transports, and troops had left this place early on the 11th instant, and after waiting in bivouac until the morning of the 14th I decided, in opposition to the voices of officers commanding the regiments, to push forward without further delay, and accordingly moved at 4.30 for Lexington via Rankin.

We bivouacked at 10 p.m. on Harlan's Creek, 30 miles from Yazoo City, 8 miles from Lexington, and entered Lixington at 8 a.m., where the Third Iowa, Major Noble, with Lieutenant Jones, acting assistant commissary of subsistence, was left to procure rations, while the main force pushed forward to Durant,14 miles, and captured at noon a train of cars just from Grenada.

Captain Peters was immediately placed in charge of the engine, and proceeded 5 miles below Durant and burned a bridge on the track.

I learned that there was one engine and about ten cars below Durant, also that the railroad bridge over Big Black had just been repaired, the captured train being the first one ordered over it.

Resting till 6 p.m., when the Third Iowa came pu, the column was moved to Wets's Station, going into bivouac at 11 p.m. on Jordan's Creek, 24 miles via Durant and 20 miles direct from Lexington. At this point some engines and cars were found, and with the train from Durant, forwarded to Vaiden, 12 miles, arriving at 11

