
moving,even in winter, without tents or wagons, operating in a country poorly supplied with forage, combating for the most part very superior number, from the feeble beginnings of one year ago, when its operations were mostly within the infantry lines, it has become master of the field, and hesitates not to attack the enemy wherever it finds him. This great change, due chiefly to the joint efforts of both officers and men, had been greatly promoted by giving them arms in which they had confidence, and by the adoption of the determined use of the saber.

To Major General D. S. Stanley is justly due great credit for his agency in bringing about these results, and giving firmness and vigor to the discipline of the cavalry.

It requires both nature and experience to make cavalry officers, and by judicious selections and promotions this arm may become still more useful and distinguished.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

Brig. General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.

LIST OF SPECIAL MENTIONS.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, January &amp;, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

List of all persons specially mentioned by regimental, brigade, division, and corps commanders in their reports of the battle of Chickamauga, with the remark made in each case. I would particularly recommend for promotion to the rank of

brigadier-general, in the order in which they are named, the following colonels, who have commanded brigades so long and so well that they have fully earned the additional grade,viz:

Colonel Charles G. Harker, Sixty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry; Colonel Ferd. Van Derveer, Thirty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry; Colonel B. F. Scribner, Thirty-eighth Indiana Infantry; Colonel William Grose, Thirth-sixth Indiana Infantry; Colonel John T. Croxton, Fourth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry; Colonel Dan. McCook, Fifty-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry; and Colonel T. R. Stanley, Eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

Name,rank, and command.	 Remarks.

Major General George H. Thomas,	 Major-General Rosecrans,

Fourteenth Army Corps.	 commanding, names him "the

 true soldier, the prudent and

 undaunted commander,the modest

 and incorruptible patriot. To

 him the thanks and gratitude

 of the country are due for his

 conduct at the battle of

 Chickamauga." "He,"

Major General Gordon	 says Major-General

Granger, Reserve Corps... .	 Rosecrans,commanding, "by his

 promptitude,arrived and

 carried his troops into action

 in time to save the day. He

 deserves the highest praise."

Major General Alexander	 "For the care of his command,

McD. McCook, Twentieth Army	 prompt and willing execution

Corps.	 of orders to the best of his

 ability,deserves this

 testimonial of my approbation,

 "says Major-General Rosecrans,

 Commanding.

