
Swallow and Stevens, the latter killed on the 20th, and Lieutenant Livingston, deserve particular notice for their good conduct. The non-commissioned officers and privates of the batteries have my warmest thanks for the pertinacity with which they stood by their guns when surrounded by the enemy. I am happy to inform them that their praise is on the tongues of all who witnessed their conduct.
I am also happy to bear testimony to the good conduct of my infantry, that although overpowered and driven back by superior numbers, they held to their arms and there was no skulking.

To the members of my staff, I am indebted for the promptness and faithfulness with which they discharged their duties. Surg. S. D. Turney, medical director, by his prudence, skill, and industry had so arranged the division field hospital, that the wounded were readily attended to without loss of time, provision being made to send them to the rear in case of reverse. To this we owe the present safety of many of our brave wounded. To Captain E. A. Otis, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Carter B. Harrison, inspector-general; Captain J. O. Stanage, commissary; Captain A. K. Robinson, topographical engineer; Captain Sheafe, provost-marshal; Lieutenant W. H. H. Sheets, ordnance officer, I am sincerely indebted for the promptness and readiness with which they rendered me every aid and performed every duty.

On the 19th, Captain T. F. Murdock, commissary of musters of my staff, a noble young man, a true soldier and patriot, was struck down by my side while gallantly assisting me to rally my disordered ranks. Lieutenant Knoble, my aide, who had ever been faithful and true, cheerfully and unhesitatingly conveying orders in the midst of danger, was sent on the 20th to one of the brigades with an order and never returned. It is feared he too was struck down.

The brigade, regimental, and battery commanders in their reports bring to notice meritorious individuals to which I earnestly invite your attention.

May God heal our wounded and comfort the friends of our dead.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel LYNE STARLING,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, 21st Army Corps.

A D D E N D A.

Semi-weekly report of effective force of the Third Division, Twenty-first Army Corps, Brig. General Horatio P. Van Cleve commanding.

Headquarters			 Infantry

Command	 Commis	 Enlist	 Total	 Commis	 Enlist	 Total

 sioned	 ed men	 	 sioned	 ed men

 office	 	 	 office

 rs	 	 	 rs

Headquarters	 9	 15	 24	 ---	 ---	 ---

Third

Division,

Brigadier-

General Van

Cleve

First	 9	 20	 29	 106	 1,378	 1,484

Brigade,

Brigadier-

General

Beatty

Second	 8	 30	 38	 92	 1,097	 1,189

Brigade,

Colonel

George

F. Dick

Third	 7	 31	 38	 113	 1,168	 1,281

Brigade,

Colonel S. M.

Barnes

Artillery	 ---	 ---	 ---	 ---	 20	 20

Third

Division,

Captain

George R.

Swallow

Total	 33	 96	 129	 311	 3,663	 3,974

