
and Sunday, and that, too, when most of batteries would have saved nothing. He fell trying to bring the third piece off by hand. Long will the artillery of the Third Division mourn the loss of this brave and efficient officers and true gentleman. I would make special mention of Private Frank Wyman, Fourteenth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, as rendering valuable assistance to the Seventh Indiana Battery on the 20th instant. Without his help this battery would probably have lost two guns instead of one.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. R. SWALLOW,

Captain, and Chief of Artillery.

Captain E. A. OTIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division.

Numbers 180.

Reports of Brig. General Samuel Beatty, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.

HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., THIRD DIV., 21ST ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, September 28, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command, from the time of crossing the Tennessee River, to include the late engagements:

In obedience to orders from Brig. General H. P. Van Cleve, commanding Third Division, Twenty-first Army Corps, I moved my command from Jasper, Tenn., to cross the Tennessee River at Shellmound, on the morning of September 4, 1863, and bivouacked 1 mile from the Shellmound depot.

At 3 p.m., September 5, received orders and marched with the division on the Chattanooga road to Whiteside's, arriving in bivouac at 1 a.m. of September 6. From that date until the 8th, marched by short stages to Lookout Valley, to occupy ground that had been vacated by Major-General Palmer's division.

On the morning of the 9th, under orders of Brigadier-General Van Cleve, I marched my command at 3 a.m. to make a reconnaissance to the top of Lookout Mountain, by the way of Nickajack Trace. Finding no enemy I advanced, according to directions, to communicate with a similar reconnaissance sent out by Major-General Palmer, at Summertown, and met orders from General Van Cleve to march to join the other brigades of the division at Chattanooga, and before arriving at that place met other orders from him, which changed my course toward Rossville.

On the 10th, marched toward Ringgold. Camped for the night at Pea Vine Creek. One man of my command was wounded while on outpost duty at this place; 11th, advanced beyond Ringgold 3 miles in the direction of Dalton; 12th, returned through Ringgold and marched to Lee and Gordon's Mills; 13th, with the division, my brigade in advance, marched to make reconnaissance toward La Fayette, I deployed three regiments, Nineteenth Ohio, Seventy-ninth Indiana, and Seventeenth Kentucky, with skirmishers in advance of each, and, with the Nineteenth Kentucky on the right of the road, drove the enemy, who were a force of perhaps three regiments of cavalry and three pieces of artillery. After driving the

