
enemy. Arriving near the woods east of the road, I threw forward skirmishers, who soon came upon two lines of infantry and artillery of Colonel Harker's brigade, First Division. I immediately reported to the general commanding the Third Division that there were two lines of our troops before us, and was ordered by him to move my command to the left until I should find an opening in our lines, and occupy it. The line being reported intact, I was ordered by General Van Cleve to move by the left flank and support any weak place in the line. When in rear of the division of General Brannan, which was heavily engaged with the enemy, I received orders from General Van Cleve to halt, deploy, and have my men lie down. The lines of my brigade were at this time but a few yards in rear of those of the troops in my front, and the four lines resembled more a column in mass than supporting lines, the rear line being exposed to the heavy fire directed on the front line. The moving of the First Division from its position in line on our right to the left, caused a gap to be made, through which the enemy's forces poured in great numbers, and opened heavy on my flank. At the same time the brigade in my front, reported to be of General Brannan's division, gave way, and before my men could rise to their feet, a battery of artillery and a disordered mass of infantry rushed obliquely through and over them, and completely broke my lines and confused my men with those of other brigades and divisions which were compelled to fall back at the same time. Some of my men were wounded and disabled by being run over by the artillery and trampled by the infantry. The Ninth Kentucky Volunteers, Colonel G. H. Cram commanding, after retiring 25 or 30 yards, faced about and charged forward 150 yards, capturing a rudely constructed breastwork of logs, which they held until, completely flanked and enfiladed by the enemy, they were compelled to fall back to the line of hills, afterward held by them and in connection with other troops.

The penetration of our lines by the enemy separated me from the major part of my command and a part of my staff. With the rest of my staff, I used every effort in my power to rally my men, but the rapid advance of the enemy on my right, rendered it impossible to effectually organize them. Parts of the Ninth Kentucky and Seventeenth Kentucky, under their commanding officers, were rallied, and in connection with officers and men of the Nineteenth Ohio and Seventy-ninth Indiana Volunteers of my brigade, and detachments of many other regiments of other commands, made a stand and held possession of a hill by most terrific fighting until dark, when they withdrew by order and joined the army at Rossville. The detachment of the Seventeenth Kentucky not being able to find the brigade, reported to Brigadier-General Wood, commanding First Division, until the 22nd, when it rejoined the brigade and reported to me at this place. Officers of my staff collected and organized a portion of my men at Missionary Gap, and, under direction of Major-General Negley, marched them to Rossville, where I reported them to General Van Cleve.

At 2 a.m., 21st, by orders from him I marched my command to the cross-roads at the foot of Lookout Mountain, and later to ground we now occupy on the left flank of the defenses of Chattanooga.

My officers and men acquitted themselves with credit on Saturday, the 19th, as evidenced by the fact that two batteries were taken possession of by them, one of which was secured, but were overpowered and outflanked by greatly superior numbers and compelled to retire.

