
Name,rank,and command.	 Remarks.

Major General Thomas	 Major-General Rosecrans,

L. Crittenden, Twenty-first	 commanding,says, "I bear

Army Corps. 	 testimony to the high-

 hearted,noble Major-General

 Crittenden. Prompt in the

 moving and reporting the

 position of his troops, always

 fearless on the field of

 battle, I return my thanks for

 the promptness and military

 good sense with which he sent

 his division toward the noise

 of battle on the 19th.

 Commanded for the ability with

Major General John	 which he handled his command

M. Palmer, Second	 by both Major-Generals

Division, Twenty-first Army	 Crittenden and Thomas.

Corps. 	 Commended for the ability with

 which he conducted his command

Major General	 by Major-General Thomas.

J. J. Reynolds, Fourth

Division, Fourteenth Army	 Major-General McCook thanks

Corps.	 him for his earnest co-

 operation and attention to

Major General Philip	 duty, and says, "I commend him

H. Sheridan,	 to his country."

Third Division, Twentieth Army	 Is commended for the ability

Corps.	 with which he commanded by

 Major-General Thomas.

 Major-General Crittenden says,

Brig. General John M. Brannan,	 "With pride I point to the

Third Division, Fourteenth	 service of Brigadier-General

Army Corps.	 Wood," and Major-General

 Thomas names him as having

Brig. General Thomas J. Wood,	 "with two brigades of his

Firs Division, Twenty-first	 division nobly sustained

Army Corps.	 Richard W. Johnson." Is

 commended for the ability with

 which he handled command; and

 Major-General McCook says his

 "thanks are due to him for his

 earnest co-operation and

 devotion to duty,"commends him

 to his country, and recommends

 his promotion.

 Major-General Rosecrans,

 commanding, acknowledges

 himself "especially indebted

 for the clear and ready manner

 with which he seized the

Brig. General James A. Garfield,	 points of action and

chief of staff....	 movements, and expressed in

 orders the ideas of the general commanding." Wa W Wa W WAs Wa W W W W

Name,rank,and command.	 Remarks.

Brig. General J. St. Clair	 "Was in the battle and

Morton, chief engineer...	 discharged his duties with

 ability and to my entire

 satisfaction, "says Major-

 General Rosecrans,commanding.

Brig. General Richard	 Major-General McCook thanks

W. Johnson, Second Division,	 him for his earnest co-

Twentieth Army Corps.	 operation and devotion to

 duty, commends him to the

 country,a nd recommends him to

 his superior for promotion.

 Major-General Thomas names him

 as having fought most

 gallantly on both days, and

 ably handled his troops.

Brig. General Jefferson	 Is commended to his country

C. Davis, First Division,	 and recommended for promotion

Twentieth Army Corps.	 by Major-General McCook.

 Is commended for the ability

Brig. General Absalom Baird,	 with which he handled his

First Division, Fourteenth Army	 command by Major-General

Corps.	 Thomas.

 Major-General Thomas speaks of

Brig. General James B. Steedman,	 him as having "valiantly

First Division, Reserve Corps.	 maintained Brannan's right,"

 and Major-General Granger

 calls attention "to the

 bravery and gallantry

 displayed during the battle"

 by him, and says "he

 fearlessly rushed into the

 midst of danger and was ever

 present with his troops,

 handling them with ease,

 rallying them, and encouraging

 them, and established order

 and confidence."

 Brigadier-General Johnson says

Brig. General August Willich,	 "he was always in the right

First Brigade, Second	 place, and by his individual

Division, Twentieth Army	 daring rendered the country

Corps.	 great service." "This gallant

 old veteran deserves

 promotion, and I hope may

 receive it." Major-General

 Thomas speaks of him as having

 nobly sustained his reputation

 as a soldier. Major-General

 McCook joins General Johnson

 in recommending his promotion.

 Major-General Thomas says he

 "bravely supported Baird's

Brig. General John Beatty, FirstBrigade, Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.	 left in the morning of Sunday" Sunday," " Sunday,"

Name,rank,and command.	 Remarks.

 and Major-General Negley says

 he "gallantly remained upon

 the field of battle in command

 of scattered troops after most

 of his brigade had been driven

 from it and separated from him

 by the charge of the enemy."

 Brigadier-General Brannans

 says he "gave great assistance

 in rallying the troops and

 keeping them in position."

Brig. General J. B. Turchin,	 Major-General Reynolds speaks

Third Brigade, Fourth Division,	 of him as having handled his

Fourteenth Army Corps.	 brigade with skill and

 judgment, and no instance of

 confusion or disorder

 occurred.

Brig. General W. C. Whitaker,	 Major-General Granger speaks

First Brigade, First Division,	 of him as conspicuous for his

Reserve Corps.	 bravery and activity, managing

 his troops well, and

 contributing much to our

 success.

Brig. General John H. King,	 Brigadier-General Baird speaks

Third Brigade, First Division,	 of him as deserving a debt of

Fourteenth Army Corps.	 great gratitude for the

 courage displayed in the fight

 and good judgment with which

 he handled his troops, and

 that the performance of his

 command on Saturday morning

 was particularly brilliant.

6 R R-VOL XXX, PT I

