
On Sunday they were thrown into confusion before brought into action, being so close to the lines they were in support of as to be swept into disorder with a mass of troops of other brigades. My regimental officers exerted themselves to their utmost to rally their men, but being constantly subject to the enemy's fire, were unable to do so effectively. The officers of my personal staff, Captain O. O. Miller, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant W. A. Sutherland, inspector; Lieutenant Edgar J. Foster, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant George G. Earl, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant Henry H. Townsend, topographical engineer, are entitled to credit for their coolness and steadiness under fire and active cheerfulness in obtaining information and carrying orders, as well as for their efforts in rallying and organizing the command. Captain Thomas Stackpole, acting commissary of subsistence, by great exertions, brought forward supplies and issued rations on the battle-field.

My escort, under Sergt. Ezra Buchanan, of the Seventy-ninth Indiana Volunteers, carried themselves bravely and accompanied me in the thickest of the battle. For more specific items I beg to refer to the accompanying reports of regimental commanders, and for a report of casualties to the inclosed list of casualties*.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL BEATTY,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain E. A. OTIS, Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., THIRD DIV., 21ST ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, September 29, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with circular from headquarters Third Division, Twenty-first Army Corps, of September 28, 1863, I have to report by regiments the number of men and officers of my command taken into action on September 19, to wit:

Command	 Commissioned	 Enlisted men	 Total

 officers

19th Ohio	 27	 357	 384

Volunteers

79th Indiana	 18	 282	 300

Volunteers

9th Kentucky	 26	 187	 213

Volunteers

17th Kentucky	 20	 467	 487

Volunteers

Total	 91	 1,293	 1,384

Officers of brigade, general and staff, 6.

I respectfully state that since the battle a sufficient number of my men, who were on temporary detached duty and convalescent from hospitals, have returned, as to nearly raise my effective force to the standard before the engagements.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,SAMUEL BEATTY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain E. A. OTIS, Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted; see revised statement, p.177.

---------------

