
succeeded in bringing the captured guns under a very severe fire in safety to the rear. The regiment did its duty well under the circumstances.

On Sunday morning, the 20th, the regiments of the brigade being formed in double column at half distance, were ordered to advance from the crest of the hill toward the road, being almost the same point occupied before the repulse on the preceding day. Arriving near the road the regiments were deployed and immediately marched up the hill again. Shortly afterward double column was formed again, and the brigade advanced once more upon the road, where the skirmishers reported the front covered by our troops. We were then moved by the left flank to a considerable distance, being halted several times at intermediate points. Upon arriving at the proper place the regiments were deployed in rear and only about a distance of a few yards from the lines in front of them, who commenced firing at that time. I could not ascertain to what command the front lines belonged. After some heavy firing, the lines in front gave way, throwing the brigade in confusion, making it an impossibility to keep our lines, as the men were literally trampled down and overrun by artillery. Had a sufficient space intervened, a stand could have been promptly made, but under the circumstances it was impossible to do anything. Every effort was made to rally the men, but all efforts were utterly unavailing in the confusion. After doing everything in my power, I reported to the general commanding the brigade, with whom I remained for some time aiding him in his efforts to rally the men, and with him left the field in the afternoon. I reformed the scattered men of my regiment at the crossing of the roads, when we left for Chattanooga at 2 a.m.

Inclosed I send a list of the killed, wounded, and missing.*

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. KNEFLER,

Colonel Seventy-ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

Captain O. O. MILLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 182.

Report of Colonel George H. Cram, Ninth Kentucky Infantry.

HDQRS. NINTH REGIMENT, KENTUCKY VOL. INFTY., Chattanooga, Tenn., September 26, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Below you will please find a report of the part my regiment took in the battles at Chickamauga Creek.

On Friday, September 18, I was ordered by General Beatty to hold my regiment in readiness to move at a moment's notice, the division the being in camp at Crawfish Spring, Ga.

About 12 o'clock I moved with the brigade to Lee and Gordon's Mills, about 2 miles from the spring, when I was ordered to take a position a few yards from and facing toward Chickamauga Creek, about 300 yards north of the mill and behind a barricade of rails that had been previously built. The Seventeenth Kentucky was on my left and Colonel Harker's brigade, of General Wood's division, on my right. About dark I was ordered to move to the left to sustain a

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.177.

---------------

