
portion of the line, which, as the firing indicated, was receiving a heavy attack. I moved at double-quick and arrived at the point indicated just as the firing ceased, the enemy having been repulsed. I remained there until next morning, September 19, when I was ordered back to the position near the mills. Skirmishing began early in the day, extending along our entire front, and about 11 o'clock the battle seemed to open very heavy on our left, and about 12 o'clock I was ordered by General Beatty to move by the left flank and at double-quick. I was conducted to the left about 2 miles, halted in the road, ordered to form on the left of the Seventeenth Kentucky, and move on as it did. We moved forward and to the left for about a quarter of a mile, when the Seventeenth opened fire. I moved up quickly to the position assigned me, but found that the Seventeenth Kentucky in moving forward had somewhat changed the direction of its line. I also found the Seventy-fifth [Seventy-ninth?] Indiana engaged on my left and partially covering my front. To take a position between the two regiments, it was necessary to change front; as the firing was very heavy, I did not think it safe to attempt it, so I ordered the men to lie down. The Seventy-fifth [Seventy-ninth?] Indiana soon changed its position, leaving sufficient space for my regiment between it and the Seventeenth Kentucky. I accordingly made an oblique change of front forward on my first company, moved forward to the line of battle, and commenced firing. We fired by volley and the enemy soon disappeared from our front. After firing the first volley I discovered a full battery of the enemy's artillery about 150 yards to our front, which was disabled and had been abandoned by the enemy. A rebel regiment was attempting to remove the guns, but abandoned them after our first volley. The guns were soon moved to the rear by men from the Seventy-ninth Indiana, a few of my men assisting them.

Everything appeared to be going on well with us, when the enemy made an attack along our entire front [brigade]. We repulsed them and thought our success was certain, but I soon saw our troops breaking away from our right and then from the left till my regiment stood alone. We held our position for a short time, but the enemy poured in on our right and we received a terrible flank fire. I gave the order to fall back, which we did in tolerably good order. We fell back across the road where a battery [Fourth U. S. Artillery] had taken position on a slight rise which commanded the woods in front, but here the same scene was enacted as before. The enemy poured in on our right, forcing us back over the ridge, sweeping everything before them. We fell back to the Chattanooga road and there halted. I afterward moved about three-quarters of a mile to the right and rejoined our brigade. This ended the fight of this day [Saturday].

The regiment fought splendidly and did not fall back one step without orders from me. The men were cool and their officers had the most perfect control of them. The cause of all the trouble seemed to be that there was a gap in the line of battle some distance to our right, through which the enemy could move at pleasure flanking us.

On rejoining the brigade I was ordered by General Beatty to a position overlooking the battle-field, on a ridge some 500 yards to the rear of the road, where we bivouacked for the night.

On Sunday morning, the 20th, the division was moved from its

