
and were out of rations. They bountifully supplied us with both, and made us feel at home.

My losses are as follows: Our officer killed; 2 wounded severely. Of enlisted men, 7 killed, 95 wounded, and 16 missing. Total casualties, 121. I send herewith a list of them.*

Respectfully,

A. M. STOUT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain O. O. MILLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 184.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry G. Stratton, Nineteenth Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. NINETEENTH OHIO INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS, Chattanooga, Tenn., September 24, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my regiment in the battles of the 19th and 20th, and up to the 23rd instant:

Near midday of the 18th instant, we left our bivouac near Crawfish Spring under orders received from General S. Beatty, marching to the vicinity of Lee and Gordon's Mills, and taking position in line of battle upon the left of General Wood's division, upon the Chattanooga and La Fayette road. We remained in this position until dark, when we moved under orders to a position about one-half mile to the left and down the same road, in rear of a barricade hastily constructed of rails. Here we remained under arms during that night and until about 1 p.m. of the 20th, supporting the Third Wisconsin Battery stationed on our right.

About 1 p.m. of the 20th, under orders received from Brigadier-General Beatty, I moved my regiment in quick and double-quick time down the Chattanooga and La Fayette road, in the direction of heavy firing, artillery and musketry, a distance of about 2 miles. Here I formed line of battle in the skirts of a thick woods, and immediately moved forward, engaging the enemy, driving them steadily before us under a heavy fire of infantry and artillery. Obtaining sight of the battery, I immediately gave the order to charge upon it, which was promptly and gallantly responded to by the men, and in connection with the Seventy-ninth Indiana Volunteers, of our brigade, formed on our left, we took possession of this battery of six guns. My regiment captured about 20 prisoners, who were sent to the rear. Discovering the enemy passing in force to my right, I ordered a halt, and was very soon joined on the right by troops from the Second Brigade of our division. My right support giving way, I was ordered to fall back and take position in rear of the Ninth Kentucky Volunteers, then in line a few rods to my left. I remained in this position under a heavy fire of rebel infantry until ordered to fall back, the enemy having again succeeded in turning our right flank. I was retiring my men in good order until one of our batteries stationed upon the hill across the road in our rear opened fire, several of their shot striking the center of my battalion

---------------

*Omitted; see revised statement. p.177.

---------------

