
and killing and wounding a number of my men. This created considerable confusion in the ranks and the men became somewhat scattered. I succeeded in rallying most of the regiment in rear of the batteries, from which place we were forced again to retire, and take position upon a second crest near the Rossville road. Here we bivouacked and remained until the morning of the 20th.
Early on the morning of the 20th, our forces being engaged with the enemy, we moved in column of divisions at half distance to the front one-half mile, under orders from Brigadier-General Beatty. After changing position to the left several times, I was finally ordered to deploy column in rear of two lines of troops and a battery. The troops in our front shortly afterward became warmly engaged with the enemy, but, after a brief resistance, retired in confusion, the battery breaking through and disorganizing my line. My men became confused and scattered as a consequence, and I did not succeed in rallying them again in a body until evening. They rallied in squads, however, and remained on the field until dark, fighting with fragments of other regiments. Having collected my command, less the killed and wounded, at Missionary Gap near Rossville, on the evening of the 20th we bivouacked until 2 a.m. of the 21st, when we moved under orders from General S. Beatty to the outskirts of Chattanooga upon the east side of the town.

On the morning of the 22nd, commenced throwing up earthworks for the defense of our position, the labor on which has been diligently prosecuted until this evening, September 23, night and day, when they were pronounced finished.

The casualties in my command, during the period mentioned in this report, will be found in the tabular statement hereto annexed.*

To Major James M. Nash, for his valuable aid, assistance, and advice, and to the officers generally for their hearty support, I return my sincere thanks. To the non-commissioned officers and privates, with very few exceptions, all praise is due. I cannot forbear mentioning the gallant conduct of the color guard. Nobly they stood to their post; 6 out of 7 were wounded.

Respectfully, yours,

HENRY G. STRATTON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg.19th Regiment Ohio Vol. Infty.

Captain O. O. MILLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 185.

Report of Lieutenant Samuel M. McDowell, Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Battery.

CHATTANOOGA, September 26, 1863.

SIR: After the Third Division reached Crawfish Spring, on Tuesday, the 15th, the Third Brigade, with the Pennsylvania battery, marched 2 miles beyond that place, where they lay in camp until Friday, the 18th, when we were ordered by Colonel Barnes, commanding the brigade, to be in readiness to move out quickly, as the enemy's pickets were closing in on ours. We had barely got hitched up when

---------------

*See revised statement, p.177.

---------------

