
Name,rank, and command.	 Remarks.

Brig. General John	 Brigadier-General Baird says

C. Starkweather, Second	 that "he holding the key

Brigade, First	 points at one of our

Division, Fourteenth Army	 positions, rendered

Corps.	 distinguished service by his

 own coolness,inspiring his men

 with confidence."

 Commended to especial notice

Brig. General Samuel	 for his good conduct as

Beatty, First Brigade, Third	 brigade commander by

Division, Twenty-first Army	 Brigadier-General Van Cleve

Corps.	 and Major-General Crittenden.

Brig. General William B. Hazen,	 Commended for their good

Second Brigade, Second	 conduct by Major-General

Division, Twenty-first Army	 Palmer and Major-General

Corps.	 Crittenden.

Brig. General Charles Cruft,

First Brigade, Second Division,	 Notice with commendation by

Twenty -first Army Corps.	 Major-General Crittenden.

Brig. General H. P. Van Cleve,

Third Division, Twenty-first

Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS, Cincinnati, Ohio, January 8, 1864.

As Brig. General William H. Lytle fell leading a gallant charge against the foe, advancing on our retreating troops, I may be excused from departing from the strict rule of mentioning those officers whose good conduct could by properly officially notice by the general commanding only. This brave and generous young officer, whose first wounds were received while fighting under my command at Carnifix Ferry, where he fell desperately wounded at the head of his regiment,was also badly wounded and taken prisoner at the battle of Perryville, where he repelled a desperate onslaughter of the enemy.

On rejoining the Army of the Cumberland with his well-earned rank of brigadier, he was assigned second in command to General Sheridan. When he fell gloriously on the field of Chickamauga, Ohio lost one of her jewels and the service one of its most patriotic and promising general officers.

W. S. ROSECRANS,Major-General.

[Inclosure in report of January 7-Continued.]

Name,rank,and command.	 Remarks.

Colonel J. B. Dodge, Second	 Brigadier-General Johnson

Brigade, Second	 speaks of him as a "brave and

Division, Twentieth Army Corps.	 gallant soldier," handled his

 brigade well, and is worthy

 and deserving of promotion.

Colonel B. F. Scribner, Thirty-	 Brigadier-General Baird speaks

eight Indiana, First Brigade,	 of him,thus: "Commanding one

First Division, Fourteenth	 of the best brigade in the

Army Corps.	 army, he has been recommended

 for promotion after previous

 battles, and has again

 distinguished himself."

 General Thomas,says, "Colonel

 Scribner, commanding First

 Brigade, Baird's division, on

 Saturday morning when it was

 attacked in flank by an

 overwhelming force of the

 enemy and driven back, yet

 Colonel Scribner was enabled

 to rally and reorganize

 without the least difficulty."

Colonel John T. Croxton, Fourth	 Brigadier-General

Kentucky, Second Brigade, Third	 Brannan speaks of him as the

Division, Fourteenth Army	 "gallant and dashing

Corps.	 Croxton,commanding Second

 Brigade,who,though severely

 and painfully wounded early

 the second day,remained on the

 field,rallying and encouraging

 his men, until utterly

 exhausted." Major-General

 Thomas confirms the report

 given of him by his division

Colonel F. Van Derveer, Third	 commander.

Brigade, Third Division,	 Brigadier-General Brannan

Fourteenth Army Corps.	 brings to the especial notice

 of the commanding general the

 gallant and meritorious

 conduct of the colonel

 commanding Third Brigade,

 "whose fearlessness and calm

 judgment in the most trying

 situations," he says, "added

 materially to the efficiency

 of his command,which he

 handled both days in the most

 skillful way, punishing the

 enemy severely." Major-General

 Thomas confirms this report of

 General Brannan.

