
the enemy commenced shelling us. We instantly moved back on a high hill, where we remained for orders. In a short time the section I commanded was ordered to the extreme right, to cover a hill where it was feared the rebels would plant a battery. In a short time the enemy's skirmishers advanced and drove ours back. I was then told to fire, which I did, and our men soon had possession of the hill again, which we held until relieved by a brigade from another division. We were then ordered back to join our division, which we found at Gordon's Mills. The Pennsylvania battery was ordered into line with the First Brigade and remained in that position until daylight Saturday, when it was ordered to move farther to the right by Captain Swallow, chief of artillery. After remaining here for some two hours there was a rebel battery posted in the woods opposite, which commenced firing. As soon as its position was known, the Pennsylvania battery was ordered to silence it, which was soon done, as it left shortly after firing a few rounds.

After this we lay still until noon, when the captain received orders to move to the front with the First Brigade. When there we moved by the right flank and formed in line in the rear of the Seventeenth and Ninth Kentucky Regiments.

I was told by Captain Stevens to follow up closely, but not to fire, as there was another line of infantry in front of us. We followed on in this way for a quarter of a mile, always obliquing to the left when the enemy seemed to make a stand. Captain Stevens then ordered the four smooth-bore guns, by hand, to the front, to be ready to open with canister should they drive our first line back. We had scarcely got the first guns forward when we found we were in the front line and always had been there since leaving the road.

We commenced firing canister as fast as we could, but it was impossible to check them. The regiment on the right of us fell back through the battery, and by the time the battery had limbered up, the horses of three pieces were nearly all shot and one limber blown up. The right half battery, being a little in the rear, had time to limber up and fall back with the infantry. When out of the woods, I met General Beatty, who ordered me to form on a small hill in front and open on them. We remained here until our ammunition was all expended, and not being able to find any more, were compelled to fall to the rear. One of the pieces here, in getting away, had the pole broken or what away, and not having men enough to pull it off, had to be left. When we were back in the woods, I was ordered to follow the Ninth Kentucky Regiment, and fell back on the Chattanooga road about a mile, but in a short time moved up to the front again, where we found the Seventh Indiana Battery, and went into camp for the night. At this place we received two smooth-bore cannon, which had been taken from the rebels.

Sunday, 20th, the Pennsylvania battery, about 9 o'clock, was ordered to the right in rear of the First Brigade, but in a short time was moved over to the left in a line with the Seventh Indiana Battery, and with it moved forward after the infantry for about 500 yards, when the battery was ordered by the left flank and moved at a double-quick for nearly a half a mile, but, before we came into position, we were ordered to countermarch and come back about half the distance, when we went into position, but were ordered not to fire by Major Mendenhall until we could see the rebels coming out of the woods, and by that time we were receiving a galling fire from the rebel infantry on our right flank.

