
We fired all the canister we had and were ordered to limber up, but it was too late; 11 horses of the right section were killed and wounded, and the bushes so thick that we could not draw off the pieces by hand. One piece on the left got out with the limber, and to the fourth we fixed the prolonge, and with the help of some infantry we succeeded in getting out, thus saving two pieces of the four we took into action in the morning. The losses of the Pennsylvania battery are as follows:

Officers killed, 1 [Captain A. J. Stevens]; enlisted men killed, 1; officers wounded, 1; enlisted men wounded, 13; enlisted men missing, 1; horses killed,37; guns lost, 4; limbers lost, 5; sets wheel harness lost, 5; sets lead harness lost, 10.

I cannot tell how much ammunition was expended, as Captain Stevens drew a supply on Sunday morning of which I have no account.

Yours, respectfully,

S. M. McDOWELL,

First Lieutenant Independent Pennsylvania Battery.

Captain G. R. SWALLOW,

Chief of Artillery, Third Division.

Numbers 186.

Report of Colonel George F. Dick, Eighty-sixth Indiana Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., THIRD DIV., 21ST ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, September 28, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following as a report of operations of my brigade since the 7th instant [having previously been detached from division to hold the post of McMinnville]:

On the afternoon of the 7th, I crossed the Tennessee River at Bridgeport, Ala., and encamped on its eastern bank.

On the 8th, I marched 14 miles, and halted for the night at a narrow gap in Raccoon Mountain called Whiteside's. On the following day a march of 16 miles on the Trenton road brought me within 10 miles of Chattanooga.

On the 10th, I crossed the Lookout Mountain after a considerable delay, occasioned by the difficulty of getting a large supply train, which was moving in front of my column, over the road.

At the Widow Gillespie's, I halted until my brigade train should come up, for the purpose of complying with the order for the reduction of baggage. This caused a delay until 4 p.m., when I again moved forward, reaching Rossville at sunset. Here a courier came in, reporting that about 60 rebel cavalry had attacked a portion of General Wood's supply train about 2 miles ahead. I immediately ordered the Thirteenth Ohio, Fifty-ninth Ohio, and Forty-fourth Indiana Regiments, with a section of the Third Wisconsin Battery, on the double-quick, to drive back the raiders, leaving the Eighty-sixth Indiana as guard to my own train. After double-quicking a little more than 2 miles, the Fifty-ninth Ohio, being in front, came up to the train, when the enemy withdrew. The road being now clear I moved my column forward, and at 11 p.m. I came up to General

