
farther. Colonel Frambes was then left to fight his way back as best he could, which he did with bravery and remarkable coolness, cutting his way through two lines of the surrounding enemy, composed of dismounted cavalry and artillery, and leaving only 14 men and 2 officers in his hands.

Of my command, as a whole, it is due to say that during the whole of the different engagements in which they bore a part, they acted nobly, and fought with the greatest coolness and bravery-but very few were found skulking in rear of their places-always driving the enemy in their front, and only falling back when he succeeded in gaining their flank, which was so often exposed, or were thrown into disorder by our own men running over and through them. When thus driven back, each man seemed to seek only a position where he might do something to check the enemy or rejoin his command.

Of my officers I think I am saying much when I can report each of them as having done his whole duty. I am under especial obligations to the officers commanding my different regiments: Lieutenant-Colonel Aldrich, Forty-fourth Indiana; Lieutenant-Colonel Mast, Major Snider, and Captain Cosgrove, Thirteenth Ohio; Lieutenant-Colonel Frambes, Fifty-ninth Ohio, and Major Jacob C. Dick, Eighty-sixth Indiana, for their hearty co-operation and promptness with which they executed every order give them. I must here particularly mention the respective members of my staff: Captain C. F. King, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Frank H. Woods, acting inspector-general [until mortally wounded at 4 p.m. of the 19th], and Lieutenant F. F. Kibler, topographical engineer, were ever active in using their utmost exertions to assist me in carrying my brigade through its many evolutions, and each was ever ready to and did carry orders to the different regimental commanders in the thickest of the fight. Through the energetic action of Surg. A. C. McChesney my wounded and those of the division that came under his charge were well cared for, and in the retreat but few were left in the hands of the enemy.

Although the battle of Chickamauga has been the severest and bloodiest in which my command has been engaged, and although it has suffered greater than ever and was driven back by superior forces, their spirits are unbroken, and they are now ready to again meet the enemy whenever called upon.

The following is the aggregate of casualties and losses sustained by my command during the time included in this report:

Officers and men	 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing	 Total

Commissioned	 5	 15	 2	 22

officers

Enlisted men	 11	 161	 71	 243

Total	 16	 176	 73	 265

All of which is respectfully submitted.

G. F. DICK,

Colonel, Comdg.2nd Brig., 3rd Div.,21st Army Corps.

Captain E. A. OTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.

