
order, joining the remainder of our brigade on the hill opposite and to the rear of the battle-ground.

These are the main points of the engagement on Saturday, 19th. Sunday morning, after drawing rations [which part off my men did not have time to do], we were ordered to the front again. We were ordered to double column on the center, and proceed by flank and forward movements till we reached a point near where the battle was raging. We advanced along a low piece of ground, making distance to the left, till [where] we made a short halt till the enemy approached. A regiment had been engaged in our front, which was falling back, and when they came up with our brigade, being very much scattered, caused a panic with most of our brigade. I succeeded in holding the most of my men, and fought the enemy at great odds. We held them in check for some time, but on their breaking round our left I ordered a retreat, which we made in good order and went in search of our brigade.

On our march to the rear we heard to our [then] left quite heavy firing and directed our march to that point; found it to be General Wood's command contesting the possession of a hill, a very important point. We arrived very opportunely and took position with General Harker's brigade. Placing our flag on the brink of the hill, our men nobly rallied and fought like veterans. We repulsed the enemy three times with great slaughter. They finally abandoned the ground. I must say I never saw troops handled better or fight more determinedly than did Colonel Harker's brigade. We remained here till after dark, some time after the firing ceased, till the enemy fell back, when we also proceeded to the rear and reached Rossville about 10 or 11 o'clock at night.

On hearing that General Van Cleve was near the forks of the road, we moved, on the morning of the 21st, to find him and our brigade. I had found some of the Thirteenth Ohio, which I took command of the night before. I collected quite a number from different regiments by the time we reached the springs near the Chattanooga road. Here we received orders from Captain Otis to march to town, which we did. Soon after reaching town, I was ordered by you to take my regiment and Thirteenth Ohio and proceed by you to take my regiment and Thirteenth Ohio and proceed to two gaps on Missionary Ridge. This I did, and threw up a breastwork on the right of the road on the top of the ridge. I also placed the Thirteenth Ohio in a very commanding position. We were supported by Colonel Harrison's regiment of mounted infantry.

On the 22nd, about 10 a.m., our vedettes exchanged shots with the enemy's advance, which was driven back by Colonel Harrison's men. Between 11 and 12 o'clock the enemy advanced again, drove in our pickets, and appeared in force. I reserved my fire till they came in very short range, my men being completely hid. When we opened fire, the enemy were taken completely by surprise and retreated in great disorder. We repulsed them in this manner twice, with considerable loss, when, our mounted infantry giving way and the enemy appearing on our flanks, we were obliged to fall back to prevent being surrounded. This we did in good-order, skirmishing all the way to the railroad.

This ended all the important engagements in which my regiment took part. I must say for my officers and men that I never saw men fight better or so few scattered. Captain Gunsenhouser, Company F, fell nobly fighting at the head of his company. No braver

