
Name,rank,and command.	 Remarks.

Colonel Charles G. Harker, Third	 Brigadier-General Wood says,

Brigade, First Division, Twenty-	 "In my report of the battle of

first Army Corps.	 Stone's River I especially

 signalized the service of

 Colonel Harker, commanding

 Third Brigade of my division,

 and earnestly recommend him

 for promotion both as a reward

 merit and an act of simple

 justice. In the late campaign

 he has particularly

 distinguished himself; I

 earnestly recommend him for

 immediate promotion to the

 rank of brigadier-general."

 Major-General Crittenden calls

 "attention to the brilliant

 conduct" of Colonel Harker and

 compliments him highly for

 "the skill with which ha

 managed his command." Major-

 General Thomas speaks of him

 as "the brave" Colonel Harker

 who "most nobly sustained"

 Brannan's left.

Colonel George P. Buell, Fifty-

eighth Indiana, Third Brigade,	 Brigadier-General Wood speaks

First Division, Twenty-first	 of him as commander of the

Army Corps.	 First Brigade of his division

 and says that "he bore himself

 with great gallantry, and with

 a little more experience would

 make an excellent brigadier

 and should receive promotion."

 Major-General Thomas calls him

 "the brave Buell," who most

 nobly sustained Brannan's

Colonel W. W. Berry, Fifth	 left.

Kentucky,

Third Brigade, Second	 Brigadier-General Johnson

Division, Twentieth Army Corps.	 says, "He behaved with so much

 coolness and displayed of his

 brigade that I hope he may be

 promoted at once. He first

 joined the troops under

 Rousseau after the first

 outbreak of the rebellion, and

 has participated in all the

 battles and skirmishes of his

 regiment with distinguished

 gallantry." Major-General

 McCook joins earnestly and

 strongly in the recommendation of Brigadier-General Johnson.

Name,rank,and command.	 Remarks.

Colonel J. C. McKibbin,aide-de-	 "Always efficient,gallant, and

camp....	 untiring, and fearless in

 battle," says Major-General

 Rosecrans,commanding,and

 Major-General McCook also

 notices him for "valuable

 assistance in rallying the

 troops."

Colonel James Barnett,chief of	 Major-General Rosecrans,

artillery.....	 commanding, says, "Colonel

 Barneet was in the battle and

 discharged his duties with

 ability and entire

 satisfaction."

Colonel William J. Palmer,	 Major-General

Fifteenth Pennsylvania	 Rosecrans,speaking of him and

Cavalry.	 his command,says, "They have

 rendered very valuable service

 in keeping open communications

 and watching the movements of

 the enemy,which deserves my

 warmest thanks."

Colonel John P. Sanderson,	 Major-General Rosecrans,

acting aide-de-camp....	 commanding, says, "I must not

 omit Colonel J. P. Sanderson, of

 the regular infantry, who,

 having lately joined us, on

 those two days of battle acted

 as aide-de-camp and carried

 orders to the hottest portions

 of the field."

Colonel Dan McCook, Second	 Major-General Granger says

Brigade, Second	 "that although commanding a

Division, Reserve Corps.	 brigade not in the battle it

 had a very important position

 protecting the rear of those

 who were fighting," and that

 he "properly and promptly

 carried out all orders and

 instructions." Major-General

 Thomas speaks of him as having

 "kept a large force of the

 enemy's cavalry, and with his

 battery materially aided

 Turchin's handsome charge on

 the enemy, who had closed on

 our left."

Name,rank,and command.	 Remarks.

Colonel L. P. Bradley, Fifty-	 Major-General Sheridan speaks

first Illinois, Third	 of him as having been twice

Brigade, Third	 severely wounded in the action

Division, Twentieth Army Corps.	 of the 19th and greatly

 distinguished himself as

 commander of the Third Brigade

 of his division,and recommends

 him for promotion, in which

 Major-General McCook joins

 him.

Colonel William Grose, Thirty-	 Major-General Palmer commends

sixth Indiana, Third	 his conduct as entirely

Brigade, Second	 satisfactory,and Major-General

Division, Twenty-first Army	 Crittended calls attention to

Corps.	 his distinguished services.

Colonel Bernard	 Major-General Sheridan says

Laiboldt, Second	 that "Colonel Laiboldt,

Missouri, Second Brigade, Third	 commanding my Second Brigade,

Division, Twentieth Army Corps.	 behaved with conspicuous

 gallantry in the action of the

 20th," and recommends him for

 promotion,in which Major-

 General McCook fully unites.

Colonel T. R. Stanley, Second	 Major-General Negley speaks of

Brigade, Second Division,	 his conduct as highly

Fourteenth Army Corps.	 creditable. Major-General

 Thomas says that he,with one

 of Negley's brigades, bravely

 supported Baird's left the

 morning of Sunday,and was

 "struck by the fragment of a

 shell and disabled in the

 afternoon."

Colonel S. M. Barnes, Eighth	 Brigadier-General Van Cleve

Kentucky, Third Brigade, Third	 speaks of him as

Division, Twenty-first Army	 "cool,intrepid,and judicious,"

Corps.	 who has proven himself on all

 occasions an able commander,

 and has well earned promotion.

 Major-General Crittenden also

 commends him highly.

