
We rested in camp here until the morning of the 23rd, when we were ordered out on picket about a mile in front of our present position, where we skirmished almost continually with the enemy until relieved on the evening of the 23rd. During the night of the 23rd large details from our regiment worked upon the fortifications, inside of which we are still stationed.

All I can say of the conduct of the regiment as a whole, during the

recent battles, is that it has done apparently as well as good regiments with which it has been, and of individual officers and men, that many have acted admirably.

By order of Major J. C. Dick, commanding Eighty-sixth Indiana:

E. D. THOMAS,

Adjutant.

Captain CHAS. F. KING,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 189.

Report of Captain Horatio G. Cosgrove, Thirteenth Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. 13TH REGT. OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Near Chattanooga, September 26, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Thirteenth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, in the battles of the 18th, 19th, and 20th instant:

At 10 a.m. we were ordered, in company with the balance of the brigade, to a position near Lee's Mills, where my regiment was detached to support a section of the Seventh Indiana Battery, on the crest of a hill near the mills, where we were relieved on the 19th by the Ninety-ninth Ohio Volunteers Infantry and ordered to the front. We joined the remainder of the brigade and division at 2 p.m. and soon after took position, with the Fifty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry on our right and the Eighty-sixth Indiana Volunteers on our left. Sharp skirmishing took place between our skirmishers and the enemy until 4 p.m., when, the enemy having by a flank movement compelled the regiment on our right to give way, and having completely flanked our position, we were compelled to fall back in some disorder. The regiment was rallied near the road, when, the enemy coming upon us in overwhelming force, we were compelled again to fall back, losing many commissioned officers and men, killed or wounded, Lieutenant-Colonel Mast being of the former and Major Snider of the latter.

The commanding officer being killed, the command of the regiment devolved upon me, and I formed the regiment on the crest of a hill to the rear of our former position, and lay in line until the morning of the 20th, when the regiment occupied a position in the second line and on the left of the Eighty-sixth Indiana Volunteers, and we were marched to a position about 1 mile to the left of our position of the day before. We here lay in position nearly an hour, when my regiment was ordered to move forward and charge a battery; but the order was countermanded before the movement could be put into execution. The enemy at this time pressing us in overwhelming numbers, our line fell back, and nearly 100 of the regiment, with the colors, took position on the crest of a hill to the

