
right of the general hospital, where we had many men killed or wounded. At dark we were ordered to vacate the hill, and fell back, in company with part of General Brannan's division, to a point 4 miles to the rear. The next morning, at daylight, we were ordered to join the division, and at 8 a.m. did so at Chattanooga. At 3 p.m. we were ordered to take possession of and hold Missionary Gap, 3 miles east of the town, and at 4 p.m. took position on the hills at and around the gap. At 8 a.m., 23rd, we were attacked by the enemy's skirmishers. We held them in check until 12 m., when the enemy, by throwing a strong force on our right flank, compelled us to fall back to the foot of the hill. I had attempted to communicate with Colonel Aldrich, Forty-fourth Indiana Volunteers, on our left, but found that the enemy had cut off our communication on that side. I found the Forty-fourth Indiana nearly at the foot of the hill, having been, like ourselves, driven back by a superior force. We fell slowly back, when we were ordered by Colonel G. F. Dick, commanding Second Brigade, to take position along the railroad, where we lay in line nearly an hour, when the enemy planted a piece of artillery on our left flank, completely raking us, and we were again compelled to fall back, this time to the breastworks near Chattanooga, where we still lay, with the enemy confronting us.

The men, with some exceptions, behaved nobly, and it would scarcely be just to the officers to mention only a part; but I cannot refrain from mentioning the following as especially deserving of great praise, viz: Captain John E. Ray, for gallantry and untiring efforts in rallying the men and encouraging them; this, too, at a time when he was excused from field duty; Second Lieutenant Emery Malin, acting adjutant, for invaluable services and gallant conduct on the field in rallying the men; and to Lieutenants Sieg and Henderson, for gallant and meritorious conduct.

The following officers served with the regiment during the engagement with credit to themselves: Lieutenants Smith, Schart, Coe, Thompson, Rutan, Dorman, and Blackburn.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. COSGROVE,

Captain, Comdg. 13th Regt. Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain CHAS. F. KING,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 190.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Granville A. Frambes, Fifty-ninth Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. FIFTY-NINTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Chattanooga, Tenn., September 26, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part which my regiment took in the late engagements since crossing the Tennessee River at Bridgeport, on the evening of the 7th instant:

On the 8th, we pushed forward and overtook the division on the 11th instant, within 8 miles of Ringgold, Ga., while in pursuit of the enemy. My regiment was with the division on the 13th instant,

