
left. We had not moved over half a mile down the Chattanooga road till I received an order from Colonel Dick to form my regiment on the right by file into line, with the Forty-fourth Indiana on my left, and to advance in line of battle into the woods, and be sure to keep my left in line with and joined to the Forty-fourth Indiana.
I had not advanced over 300 yards when my regiment became engaged with the enemy, well positioned in a depression in the woods. I kept up an incessant fire, and advanced steadily all the time, driving the enemy slowly, before me until he reached his second line, when he came to a stand. I then ordered my regiment forward on double-quick, cheering heartily as we went, which caused the enemy to give way in confusion in my front. I then observed that my line was in advance of the remainder of the line, and my right flank was unprotected by an interval of half a mile caused by the force on my right not connecting with me. I then halted and had to lie down and fire at will. Shortly after I gave this order I discovered that the enemy was flanking me on my right and the line on my left me in great danger of being captured. I then gave the order to fall back. My regiment fell back in order about half way to the road, when I moved it by the left flank a short distance and then forward and joined the Thirteenth Ohio on its right and engaged the enemy vigorously, but my right flank being exposed, the enemy took advantage of it and charged upon us with the whole line in confusion. I succeeded in rallying a part of the regiment behind a line of artillery stationed on a ridge in an open field on the west side of the Chattanooga road. Here we succeeded in checking him by the aid of artillery and the stubborn fighting of the fragments of several different regiments for some time, but was finally forced to give way. I then fell back to the Crawfish Spring road, about a half mile, where, with the brigade, I camped during the night. Thus closed the day's fighting of my regiment, in which I had 1 officer and 2 men mortally wounded, 1 officer and 32 men wounded, and 5 men missing.

Sunday, 20th, after drawing rations for my regiment, I moved out in column of division by order of Colonel Dick, with the brigade in column, and on the right of the Forty-fourth Indiana, and, crossing the field in our front, bearing to the left to support our forces on the left, who were being pressed hard by the enemy. After moving forward about 1 mile, I deployed into line and took position in the rear of the advance line of troops. I remained here about half an hour, when I was ordered to follow the Forty-fourth Indiana by the left flank at double-quick. I moved by the left flank about 1 mile. I was then ordered to take position in the rear of the line of the extreme left, with the Thirteenth Ohio on my left.

During all these movements, I was under a hot and galling fire. I had not been in rear of this line more than twenty minutes, when it was driven back in confusion over my regiment, and, in fact, over the whole brigade. I immediately threw out skirmishers and endeavored to hold our position. We succeeded in checking him in our front, but, to our great surprise, we soon discovered that our brigade was cut off, the troops on our right having fallen back. Colonel Dick attempted to cut through and join them again, but it was impossible; we were greatly outnumbered. Colonel Dick them moved us off in the direction of the place we left in the morning, but we soon dis-

53 R R-VOL XXX, PT I

