
covered that the enemy had possession of it, and we were forced to move farther to the right in the direction of the Crawfish Spring road. After moving about 1 mile, Colonel Dick ordered his brigade to form in line under cover of the hill and move up to support Brannan [he being cut off at that time from the main part of the army as I understood]. Here my regiment did good service with the brigade in aiding Brannan in his critical position until we were completely outflanked on the right by infantry and artillery, and compelled to fall back, by superior numbers, completely cutting us off from Brannan and the rest of the army. Colonel Dick made another attempt to gain the hill at a point about a half mile to the right, but did not succeed. Here I got separated from Colonel Dick, who was cut off from me in attempting to occupy the hill in the second effort, leaving his acting assistant adjutant-general and the most of the brigade that was left under my command. Finding it impossible to regain the ridge, I moved down the hollow in the direction of the Crawfish Spring road, intending to move back round the ridge, I moved down the hollow in the direction of Chattanooga. I then ordered my command to fall in with Sheridan's troops and move with them. I had gone about 3 miles when I found General Van Cleve with a part of the division. I fell in with the division and moved to within 4 miles of Chattanooga, where we bivouacked in an open field for the night. Thus ended the fight of my regiment for the day, in which I had 1 man killed, 5 wounded, 4 missing, and 2 taken prisoners.

September 21, the division moved to town and took position beyond the cemetery on the Harrison road. I had received an order from Colonel Dick to move my regiment out to the Chickamauga River on the Harrison road, and hold the bridge over the river and prevent the enemy from crossing. I moved out and took my position in about a quarter of a mile of the bridge in the woods, and put out three companies on picket, and made every disposition necessary for safety. All quiet through the night.

September 22, sharp firing along the picket line about 9 o'clock. I had made ready to burn the bridges, provided I could not hold them. My pickets reported a heavy force of infantry and cavalry, with artillery, in my front. I gave orders to burn the bridges if they could not hold them, and about 12 m. I was forced to burn them. The enemy was then reported moving round on my flank. I sent a statement of the facts to Colonel Dick and told him that our cavalry had all been ordered in, and that I would not be able hold the place without re-enforcements. Receiving neither re-enforcements nor orders, I held my position until about 3 p.m., when I found that I could not hold it any longer. I ordered my pickets to fall back slowly and cover my retreat. I sent out an advance guard, and threw out flankers on each side, and marched my regiment left in front in quick time for Chattanooga. The enemy effected a crossing above me, and came over the ridge, and was firing on my rear guard from three sides. I had not gone more than 1 mile when I halted my regiment and fronted it, to wait for the rear guard to come up and give the enemy fight. I do not think I had been halted a minute before the enemy opened out on my rear with a masked battery of four guns, not over 100 yards distant in the bushes. Discovering that I was cut off from town. I immediately double-quicked my regi-

