
ment, leaving the battery to my left. I succeeded in cutting their line and getting between them and town; that is, their infantry force, which I think was about one brigade. I hade now nothing to do but to fight and fall back toward town. I had not gone far before I discovered a large force of cavalry deployed across the road and field in my front. I then gave orders for the regiment, except about 50, to move to the right and gain the woods and work their way down the river. I moved on down the railroad with about 50, driving their cavalry from the road, and drawing their attention to me while the rest should gain the woods.

By taking advantage of the railroad as a breastwork I succeeded in foiling the enemy. A portion of their cavalry charged upon my men in the field, but by the coolness of my officers and men they took advantage of the skirmish drill and soon repulsed them, with a loss to them of 2 men killed and 1 horse. During all this time they were shelling us rapidly, and their infantry making strong efforts to flank me. I had to leave the railroad once with my horse in order to get along. I rode around a curve in the dirt road, and was forced to run my horse through a small squad of rebels in order to pass. They demanded me to halt, but I road along rapidly, and compelled them to give way or be run over. They fired at me, but did no harm. I rode round to the railroad, halted my advance guard, and held the enemy in check till my 50 who came along the railroad had passed. I was now near our line, and fell back inside the line, having with me the colors and 50 men; the remainder kept coming in during the evening. Thus closed the day, with 1 man wounded and 2 officers and 14 men missing.

I have now given a statement of the facts as they occurred during the whole engagement. I am certain that I have not exaggerated in the least. I consider that we have just passed through one of the hottest battles of the war, and I can say that my regiment has done its whole duty. I have carried out every order I received promptly, and have had the hearty co-operation of every officer and soldier of my command, for which they have my heartfelt thanks. It is true we mourn the loss of a gallant Woods, Ellis, Ferree, Downing, Eckland, Howard, and Laycock, but we have the satisfaction of knowing that they fell at their posts while in the discharge of their duty in behalf and in honor of their country.

In behalf of the regiment, I tender our sympathy to the wounded,

and trust that God in His providence will restore them and heal their wounds, and return them to us again, with increased vigor, to battle for their country.

Respectfully submitted.

GRANVILLE A. FRAMBES,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg.59th Regt. Ohio Vol. Infantry.

Captain CHAS. F. KING, A. A. A. G., Second Brigade.

Numbers 191.

Report of Captain George R. Swallow, Seventh Indiana Battery.

[SEPTEMBER -, 1863.]

About 12 m., 18th instant, the battery received orders to march immediately, with our division, to Lee and Gordon's Mills, where we bivouacked for the night.

