
Saturday, 19th instant, one section was placed in position on a commanding knoll, and fired a few shells at a gun the enemy were placing in position on the east bank of the river. This section was detached, and remained with the Third Brigade the remainder of the day.

The remaining four guns were ordered to the front with the Second Brigade, took position several times on the right of the road leading from Lee and Gordon's Mills to Chattanooga, but could do no firing, and seeing part of our line falling back I retired, and took position on the left of the road in a small field; had been in position but a short time until our line fell back to, and across, the road. I then opened upon the enemy a rapid fire with canister, and kept it up until two regiments fell back through the battery, in confusion and disorder; part of the Thirteenth Ohio then rallied on my right and rear, but their lieutenant-colonel being killed, they, too, fled in disorder. My canister being exhausted, and the enemy in force in front and on the right, I with some difficulty, withdrew the battery to the rear, and soon after bivouacked for the night.

Sunday, September 20, took position with two brigades of our division; they soon advanced to the front, and the battery advanced to a position in an open field, where we remained a short time and were ordered by Major Mendenhall to move to the left, and when upon a high ridge halted for further orders, taking position on the ridge a little retired. The enemy had now opened a heavy fire of musketry in our front. Our infantry soon fell back, and we opened fire upon the enemy's advancing storming column, composed of, I should think, one brigade of infantry-one regiment of which were sharpshooters. Our fire, although very rapid, failed to check them, and on they came, with bayonets fixed, on our right and front until they reached the guns, when we, with great difficulty, limbered up and retired in great haste and much confusion, leaving Lieutenant Fislar, 1 sergeant, 1 man, and 1 gun complete, in the enemy's hands; took position in rear of the former one, collected our guns and men, expecting another attack, but they failed to come. Some troops of General Negley's division passed near me, and I was informed that a new line was being formed in the rear. Marched with General Negley's division passed near me, and I was informed that a new line was being formed in the rear. Marched with General Negley's troops until near Rossville, when we joined our division.

The battery went into action with 5 officers and 117 men. Lost 1 officer, missing, and 8 men wounded [2 of them missing and probably dead], and one 10-pounder Parrott gun.

All of which is most respectfully submitted,

G. R. SWALLOW,

Captain, Commanding Seventh Indiana Battery.

Numbers 192.

Report of Colonel Sidney M. Barnes, Eighth Kentucky Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, Chattanooga, Tenn., September 28, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders, I herewith submit to you my report of the part my brigade took in the action of the 19th and 20th instant, and also a history of the operations of the brigade after

