
crossing the Tennessee River up to the commencement of the fight, which is as follows, to wit:

The Third Brigade crossed the Tennessee River on Friday, the 4th day of September, 1863, at Shellmound, camping 1 mile east of that place, where we remained until 3.30 p.m. on the 5th, when we marched eastward toward Chattanooga, over a very rough road, continuing our march until 12 p.m. and camping near Whiteside's.

Early on the morning of the 6th, leaving the Twenty-first Kentucky at Whiteside's by order of General Van Cleve, we moved 3 miles on the Trenton road, camping at the base of Raccoon Mountain, where we remained till the morning of the 8th, when we moved around the southern base of Raccoon Mountain and camped in the edge of Lookout Valley.

At 6 a.m. on the 9th, we moved down Lookout Valley toward Chattanooga, crossed Lookout Mountain, leaving Chattanooga to our left, and proceeded on the Ringgold road beyond Chattanooga Creek, where we camped for the night.

On the 10th, we still marched southwesterly, camping at Foster's, on Pea Vine Creek.

Early on the morning of the 11th, my brigade being ordered to take the advance of the army, we moved forward in line of battle, with a strong line of skirmishers thrown forward and on each flank. Soon after I advanced the enemy's cavalry began to annoy us on the right of the road, but after a slight skirmish, they retired on our right along a range of hills, while we moved forward rapidly toward Ringgold. On arriving at Chickamauga Creek, 1 mile from Ringgold, our skirmishers were fired at from the opposite bank of said creek, but the enemy fled as we approached, and when we arrived in position beyond the creek, a line of battle was seen beyond the town, about 1,000 yards distant. We advanced until our skirmish line was within 200 yards of the enemy's position, who had begun to retreat, when our battery opened upon them. But having got too short a range, they shot among our own skirmishers, to some extent disarranging both our skirmish line and line of battle, which were both put in peril by our shells. However, the advance was rapidly continued, and the enemy driven in great confusion from the town. My men being greatly exhausted, we halted beyond the town, by order of General Van Cleve. Perceiving a dense smoke ahead of us on the railroad, we were ordered to press rapidly forward to save the bridge, which order was promptly complied with, but on reaching the bridge we found it in flames and destroyed. The enemy, still retreating and skirmishing with our advance, burned three other railroad bridges. At the second bridge, we were relieved by Colonel Wilder's command, who took the advance and drove the enemy several miles. We proceeded 3 miles beyond Ringgold and camped for the night. We sustained no loss during the day. The enemy lost 1 killed and several wounded severely, besides several horses.

On the 12th, my brigade marched in rear through Ringgold in charge of the transportation of the Twenty-first Army Corps, and of Wilder's command also. From Ringgold we moved westward, crossing West Chickamauga Creek and striking the Chattanooga and La Fayette road. Thence turning south we proceeded to Lee and Gordon's Mills.

On Sunday, the 13th, the Third Brigade was ordered out with the Third Division on a reconnaissance, the Third Brigade acting as the reserve of the division. We advanced some 2 miles rather south.

