
Name,rank,and command.	 Remarks.

Colonel J. F. Jaquess, Seventy-	 Major-General Sheridan

third Illinois, Third Division,	 mentions him as "especially

Twentieth Army Corps.	 distinguished for skill and

 great personal courage," and

 that "he is almost he only

 regimental officer left with

 his regiment,17 of them having

 been killed or wounded."

Colonel N. L. Anderson, Sixth	 Major-General Palmer ways he

Ohio, Second Division, Twenty-	 received a painful wound on

first Army Corps.	 Saturday,but remained with his

 regiment until night,and that

 "his courage and prudence

 deserve high praise."

Colonel Champion, Ninety-sixth

Illinois, Reserve Corps.

Colonel Moore, One hundred and	 Major-General Granger gives

fifteenth Illinois, Reserve	 the names of these officers of

Corps.	 his command as most

 conspicuous for efficiency and

Colonel Le Favour, Twenty-	 deserving special mention.

second Michigan, Reserve Corps.

Colonel Carlton, Eighty-ninth	 Major-General Palmer

Ohio, Reserve Corps.	 recommends his promotion for

 capacity to command and good

Colonel T. D. Sedgewick, Second	 conduct.

Kentucky, Second Division,

Twenty-first Army Corps.	 Major-General Sheridan

 mentions him as wounded and

Colonel W. W. Barrett, Forty-	 having especially

fourth Illinois, Third	 distinguished himself.

Division,

Twentieth Army Corps.

Colonel Allen Buckner, Seventy-	 Brigadier-General Johnson

ninth Illinois, Second	 mentions these officers as

Division, Twentieth Army	 distinguished for coolness and

Corps.	 gallantry.

Colonel Rose, Seventy-seventh

Pennsylvania, Second Division,

Twentieth Army Corps.

 Brigadier-General Brannan

Colonel Strong, Ninety-third	 mentions him as having acted

Ohio, Second Division, Twentieth	 with coolness and judgment,and

Army Corps.	 fighting most gallantly.

Colonel	 Brigadier-General Van Cleve

J. M. Connell, Seventeenth	 says he displayed much

Ohio, First Brigade, Third Division, Fourteenth ArmyCorps. Col. P. T. Swaine, Ninety-ninthOhio, Third Division, Twenty-first Army Corps!@#$%	 judgment and skill in his conduct on the field,andrecommends him to the noticeof the comma general.

Name,rank,and command.	 Remarks.

 e commanding general. Colonel

 Barnes,commanding brigade,says

 he gave evidence of undoubted

 courage and ability to

 command.

Colonel J. R. Miles, Twenty-

seventh Illinois, Third

Division,	 Are named by Major-General

Twentieth Army Corps.	 Sheridan as having especially

Colonel Joseph	 distinguished themselves.

Conrad, Fifteenth

Missouri, Third Division,

Twentieth Army Corps.

Colonel Rippey, Ninetieth Ohio,	 Are named by Major-General

First Brigade, Second Division,	 Palmer for courage and

Twenty-first Army Corps.	 coolness,and good conduct in

Colonel J. T. Smith, Thirty-first	 the field.

Indiana, First Brigade, Second

Division, Twenty-first Army

Corps.

Colonel Aquila Wiley, Forty-

first Ohio, Second

Division, Twenty-first Army

Corps.

Colonel L. H. Waters, Eighty-

fourth Illinois, Second	 Are named by Major-General

Division, Twenty-first Army	 Sheridan for skill and

Corps.	 bravery.

Colonel N. H. Walworth, Forty-	 Major-General Granger speaks

second Illinois, Third	 of him as conspicuous for his

Division, Twentieth Army	 bravery and activity,having

Corps.	 managed his troops well and

Colonel Silas Miller, Thirty-	 contributed much to our

sixth Illinois, Third Division,	 success.

Twentieth Army Corps.

 Commended by Brigadier-General

Colonel J. G. Mitchell, Reserve	 Van Cleve to special notice

Corps....	 for good conduct.

 Are commended to notice by

Colonel George F. Dick, Third	 Brigadier-General Wood as

Division, Twenty-first Army	 having rendered distinguished

Corps.	 service.

Colonel H. C. Dunlap, Third	 Colonel Stanley,commanding

Kentucky, First Division, Twenty-firstArmy Corps.Col. Alexander McIlvain, Sixty-fourth Ohio, First Division, Twenty-first Army Corps.$%Col. W. L. Stoughton, Eleventh Michigan, SecondDivision, Fourteenth ArmyCorps.	 brigade,commends him for coolness and fearlessness. Major-

Name,rank,and command.	 Remarks.

 Major-General Negley also

 notices him favorably.

Colonel M. V. Walker, Thirty-

first Ohio, Third	 Brigadier-General Brannan,

Division, Fourteenth Army	 being short of staff officers,

Corps.	 accepted Colonel Walker's

 services, and says, "Well he

 served me and his country,

 rallying and collecting the

 men, and encouraging them to

 stand,by his energy and

 personal courage."

 Brigadier-General Wood

Colonel E. Opdycke, One hundred	 commends Colonel Opdycke

and twenty-fifth Ohio, First	 "especially to the favorable

Division, Twenty-first Army	 consideration" of the

Corps.	 commanding general as "an

 officer capable and worthy of

 commanding a brigade." Colonel

 Harker,commanding brigade,

 speaks highly of his ability

 and bravery,and recommends him

 for the command of a brigade.

Colonel J. F. Harrison,volunteer

aide-de-camp to General Lytle,	 Colonel Miller,commanding

First Brigade, Third Division,	 brigade,says, "In the rally

Twentieth Army Corps.	 for the formation of the

 second line,he seized a stand

 of colors, and under the

 influence of his example the

 men rapidly went forward,

 again forming, under terrible

 fire. Major-General Sheridan

 says, "After General Lytle's

 death Colonel Harrison

 reported to him and behaved

 very handsomely."

