
battery, and the Fifty-first and Ninety-ninth Ohio on the right, and then ordered Lieutenant Livingston to fire into the enemy and hold them in check and prevent them from crossing the road or turning our right, which he did. This was kept up until near night, the enemy was endeavoring by a considerable circuit to gain my flank and rear, I changed front, faced rather east, threw out skirmishers and threw up a barricade, and held my position until ordered away at 2 a.m. on the 20th. My line during the night connected with Colonel Buell, of Wood's division, on the left.

When ordered to join my command on the morning of the 20th, I left my skirmishers and pickets, by order of Colonel Starling, chief of General Crittenden's staff. They joined me on the 20th. The fight of the 19th lasted about twenty-five minutes from the time it commenced until the brigade was forced to retire to the position named, where it remained until 2 a.m. on the 20th.

From there we marched to the eastern slope of Missionary Ridge and rejoined the Third Division. About 9 a.m. we were ordered to advance. In obedience to orders I formed two lines of battle, the first deployed and the second in column of division, doubled on the center, with Livingston's battery in the center of the first line, and advanced rapidly, forming on the left of General Wood's division, Colonel Harker's brigade, and connecting with General Brannan on his right. Being under the command of General Wood, I formed and acted in concert with the forces named, being instructed not to put my battery in peril nor attempt to use it, unless I could do so to advantage. Not being able so to use it, and it being left on a different part of the field from where I operated in the main, I did not see it after 12 m. of the 20th.

After advancing a considerable distance we were ordered to lie down, which we did. Soon I was ordered by General Wood to quit my position and move on the double-quick by the left flank, and, passing General Brannan, to report to General Reynolds for action. This order I complied with as far as I could. I double-quicked my command a mile or more, sent aides-de-camp in every direction in quest of General Reynolds, but could find neither him nor his command. Being ordered by General Wood to halt near the foot of a hill and throw up a barricade, we did so. We were then ordered to report to General Baird, of General Rousseau's command, for action. I accordingly ordered my command forward through a dense wood and galloped forward with a guide, an officer of General Baird's command, to be shown my position. Finding it on the left and at the edge of a large open corn-field, I returned to my command through a shower of balls and conducted them to a position behind a barricade. Just before completing this order, the enemy drove back a body of our troops, apparently a brigade, in disorder through the open field on my left. I was then ordered to change front, charge the enemy, and drive them back. This order, I obeyed, the Fifty-first Ohio and Eighth Kentucky, with great spirit and promptness, driving the enemy in great confusion a long distance back and punishing them severely. They then maintained their position, built a barricade, and occupied it amid shot and shell all the rest of the day until ordered to retire fighting. The Ninety-ninth Ohio and Thirty-fifth Indiana did not get up in time to participate to much extent in this charge, having missed their way and getting behind in coming through the wood before reaching the corn-field. But when they did

