
It gives me the greatest satisfaction to say that Colonel P. T. Swaine acted well his part, and gave evidence of undoubted courage and ability to command. Also Major Clark, Eighth Kentucky; Lieutenant-Colonel Cummins and Major Ben. F. Le Fever, Ninety-ninth Ohio; Major John P. Dufficy, Thirty-fifth Indiana, and Lieutenant-Colonel Wood, Fifty-first Ohio, all behaved well and deserve well of their country. I gladly testify in behalf of all the officers and men of each of said regiments under my command, subject to the qualifications of regimental commanders, in their respective reports herewith filed. They all behaved so well it is impossible to name all separately.

I cannot close this report without mentioning my adjutant-general, Captain William H. Catching, Eighth Kentucky; Lieutenant J. P. Phipps, Eighth Kentucky, senior aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Jerry R. Dean, Twenty-first Kentucky, aide-de-camp; Captain John North, Fifty-first Ohio, brigade inspector, and Lieutenant T. M. Gunn, Twenty-first Kentucky, topographical engineer, all of whom rendered me most important aid, and carried my orders fearlessly wherever and whenever required, and aided in rallying the command when forced back on the 19th. They each deserve the respect of all brave men and the gratitude of their country and promotion.

After the brigade was ordered to fall back on the evening of the 20th, I used my utmost exertions to rally and reform my command, and also to rally and encourage all others to reform and stand by their colors. I am happy to say that Colonel Swaine and many other officers were prominent in advising the men to rally.

The Twenty-first Kentucky was not present in the actions of the 19th, and 20th, not having been relieved from duty at Whiteside. They have this day rejoined my command.

Dr. Turney acted as volunteer aide-de-camp to me in the skirmish and advance on Ringgold, and behaved well and rendered me good service.

The reason why the number of officers and men appear so small on the 20th is, that those left on picket and as skirmishers had not been relieved when we advanced in the morning; they, however, rejoined me during the day.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

SIDNEY M. BARNES,

Colonel Eighth Kentucky, Commanding Third Brigade.

Captain E. A. OTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.

Numbers 193.

Report of Major John P. Dufficy, Thirty-fifth Indiana Infantry.

HDQRS. [FIRST IRISH] 35TH REGT. IND. VOL. INFANTRY, Chattanooga, Tenn., September 27, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the following as the operations of this command since crossing the Tennessee River, together with the skirmishers and battles in which my regiment has been engaged; also a list of the killed, wounded, and missing, giving as far as known particulars in each case:

This command crossed the Tennessee River at Shellmound on the 4th September, 1863, and went into camp near that place and at the

