
foot of Raccoon Mountain; had no opposition or accident on crossing.

September 5.-Received orders to march at 3.30 p.m., and proceeded without interruption about 9 miles, and went into camp.

September 6.-Marched about 4 miles and camped in the valley at the base of Whiteside's Mountain; all quiet at this point.

September 8.-Received orders to march at daylight, and encamped about 3 1/2 miles from Trenton.

September 9.-Took up line of march at 6 a.m., and passed Chattanooga on our left, encamping about 4 miles south of that place.

September 10.-Resumed march at 9 a.m. in the direction of Ringgold, Ga., and encamped about 6 miles north of that point.

September 11.-Took up line of march, the Thirty-fifth Indiana supporting the Eighth Kentucky; skirmished briskly with the enemy, following closely to their rear until about 3 o'clock, when we went into camp.

September 12.-Marched back through Ringgold, leaving Chattanooga on our right, and encamped on the Rome road at 8 p.m. and 14 miles from Chattanooga.

September 13.-Formed line of battle at daylight; at 11 a.m. our division [the Third] was ordered to the front; found the enemy, and drove him about 4 miles, and returned to camp, near Lee and Gordon's Mills.

September 14.-Resumed line of march at 7 a.m., direction west; went about 5 miles, and halted in a thick covering of woods until about 6 p.m., when the march was taken up, and went into camp at the cross-roads in Chattanooga Valley, at the base of the south side of Lookout Mountain. No enemy seen on this march.

September 15.-Marched at 11 a.m., going south. Marched 6 miles and went into camp, our brigade [the Third] in advance. At this point could distinguish the enemy's camp fires, but experienced no interruption.

September 16.-Rested all day in camp near Lee and Gordon's Mills. At this point Privates Donahue, Barrett, and O'Donnell, of Company B, were taken prisoners, when absent without leave.

September 17.-Remained in camp; occasional firing on the picket line; no other demonstrations.

September 18.-Heavy skirmishing in front with our pickets. The enemy appeared in force along the line, and commenced shelling us a few of which reached our camp, but did no injury. At this juncture we were preparing to form line of battle; shells occasioned some confusion, but good order was immediately restored. Relieved by a brigade of General Palmer's division, when we fell back and took up a position near to Lee and Gordon's Mills; heavy fighting to-day on our left.

September 19.-Fighting commenced about 8 a.m., the right and left becoming heavily engaged, and continued without intermission the whole of the day. At about 3 o'clock, our left being heavily pressed, we were ordered to support it, and moved in that direction in line of battle, double-quick. The fighting here was desperate, and continued without intermission until the darkness of night veiled the contending columns. Here we were ordered to take position near the left center, supporting a battery; built some rude breastworks of logs and rails, which were of material benefit in affording shelter to the men. During this action my regiment was exposed to a crossfire so severe and destructive that orders were again given by Colonel

