
Swaine, of the Ninety-ninth Ohio [who was then in command of our line], to fall back; this order was obeyed in as prompt a manner as possible, but no until the enemy was completely on our flank.

Our loss in killed, wounded, and missing in this engagement amounted to 29.

Their names will be found in the list of casualties appended to this report, embracing these engagements:

September 20.-About 2 a.m. were ordered to change position, and moved left to Missionary Ridge; here we rejoined the rest of our division, who had been separated from us in the action of the previous day. About 8 a.m. we received orders to move to the front to support General Wood's division. Heavy and unceasing fighting commenced about 9 o'clock. About 10 o'clock were ordered farther to the right to support General Baird; in this movement our brigade, led by Colonel Barnes, made a desperate charge on the enemy, through a corn-field on the left of General Johnson's division, and drove them from the woods in that vicinity, where they were in considerable force. As soon as this noble piece of work had been accomplished, we formed in line of battle, in rear of some works which had been erected by General Johnson's forces, and immediately on the left of the second line of his division. The enemy in the meantime massed a heavy force in our front, and about 4 o'clock opened a heavy fire of artillery and musketry upon us, which continued until near sundown, when we received orders from General Thomas to retire. This was accomplished under a most destructive fire, and in which it is feared many of our men reported as missing may have been either killed or wounded. Our line was reformed on a hill in our rear, from whence we marched toward Chattanooga, and encamped within 4 miles of that place.

The conduct of both officers and men during these engagements was all that could be desired. It would be impossible for me to make any distinction, as each officer and man in my command behaved with distinguished bravery. I must, however, except First Lieutenant John Dugan, of Company K, who basely deserted his company on the 19th instant, and has not since been heard from. I recommend his dismissal from the service for cowardice.

Appended is a list of the casualties* of my command, giving particulars in each case as far as known.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN P. DUFFICY,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel SID. M. BARNES,

Commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 194.

Report of Major John S. Clark, Eighth Kentucky Infantry.

HDQRS. EIGHTH KENTUCKY INFANTRY REGIMENT, Chattanooga, Tenn., September 26, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, on 4th instant my regiment, then under command of Lieutenant Colonel James D. Mayhew, crossed the Tennessee River at Shellmound, Tenn., and encamped a mile above the crossing.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 177.

---------------

