
On 5th, marched 7 miles; camped near Whiteside's.

On 6th, marched 3 miles, and camped on Running Water Creek, in Dade County, Ga., where we remained until the morning of the 8th, when we moved 3 miles, and on the 9th marched over Lookout Mountain, passing Chattanooga [it having been evacuated by the rebels and occupied by our troops on the morning of same day], and encamped on the Chattanooga and Rome dirt road, at a distance of 6 miles from the former place.

On 10th, marched about 6 miles.

On 11th, the Fifty-first Ohio and Eighth Kentucky Regiments marched in advance, each furnishing three companies as skirmishers. The skirmishers of my regiment, which I commanded, advanced on the left, and those of the Fifty-first Ohio, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Wood, on the right of the road. We drove the enemy, consisting of two regiments of rebel cavalry, through and beyond Ringgold without very stubborn resistance, and with no loss on our side in either killed, wounded, or missing, and with a loss to the enemy of 1 killed and 3 or 4 wounded. My skirmishers behaved gallantly.

From 10th until 15th nothing important characterized our marches. We remained in camp on Chickamauga Creek, 2 miles beyond Crawfish Spring, from the 15th until the morning of the 18th, when our camp was shelled by the enemy, whereupon, and in obedience to orders, we retired 200 yards to the rear and occupied a commanding position in an open field. After skirmishing with them until late in the evening, and being relieved by Twenty-third Kentucky Regiment, we marched to Lee and Gordon's Mills, where we rejoined our division and camped for the night.

On the morning of 19th, the battle opened briskly on the left. My regiment remained in position until 1 p.m., when it was ordered into the fight. After engaging the enemy for five or ten minutes, I discovered that the Fifty-first Ohio, which occupied a position on our right, was flanked by the enemy and was retiring. After that regiment had retired 20 or 30 paces, I ordered the Eighth Kentucky to fall back, which it did, and in as good order as possible.

We retired 400 or 500 yards to the rear, fighting as we retired to an elevated position on the Ringgold and La Fayette road, where we formed on the left of the Third Wisconsin Battery, and remained during the night.

The casualties during the day's battle were as follows*:

In the actions of both days, both officers and men of the Eighth Kentucky behaved with great coolness and bravery. There are probably two or three who did not conduct themselves as soldiers should, and these men I propose to deal with the first opportunity. I would make special and favorable mention of some of the officers and men of the regiment, but my report should have been handed in before this, and I have not the time now.

Engaged on 19th: Officers, 23; enlisted men, 297.

Engaged on 20th: Officers, 18; enlisted men, 245.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers S. CLARK,

Major, Commanding.

Captain WILLIAM H. CATCHING,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigade, Third Division.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted; see revised statement, p. 177.

---------------

