
Numbers 195.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles H. Wood, Fifty-first Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. 51ST REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, September 26, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the operations of the Fifty-first Regiment Ohio Volunteers, from the time it crossed the Tennessee River up to the present date:

The Fifty-first Regiment Ohio Volunteers, commanded by Colonel Richard W. McClain, crossed the Tennessee River with the balance of the Third Brigade, Third Division, Twenty-first Army Corps, on Friday, the 4th day of September, 1863, at Shellmound, and proceeded by the way of Whiteside's, Murphy's Valley, Lookout Mountain, to a point 10 miles south of Chattanooga without encountering the enemy.

On the morning of September 11, the Fifty-first Regiment Ohio Volunteers marched in the advance, and had not proceeded over 1 mile before it encountered the rear guard of the enemy, composed of cavalry. Colonel McClain immediately formed the regiment on the right of the road, the Eighth Kentucky forming on the left. We drove the enemy with but very little resistance to Ringgold, a distance of 6 miles, at which place they attempted to make a stand, but we immediately charged upon them, driving them about 3 miles beyond the town, killing 1 and wounding several. We sustained no loss.

On the 12th instant, we marched, with the balance of the brigade, to Lee and Gordon's Mills.

On the 13th instant, the Third Division made a reconnaissance in force. We took no part, remaining in reserve.

September 14, we marched with the division to Chattanooga Valley, and from thence 2 miles south of Crawfish Spring, where the Third Brigade went into camp.

Friday, at 10 a.m., the enemy fired into our camp with artillery, and the Eighth Kentucky and Fifty-first Ohio skirmished with them till 4 p.m., at which time we received orders to march to Lee's Mills and camp.

Saturday morning, September 19, Colonel McClain received orders to form line and prepare for battle.

The Fifty-first Ohio formed on and parallel to the Chattanooga road one-half mile north of Lee's Mills, the Eighth Kentucky forming on our left, thus completing the first line. We remained in this position until 2 p.m., at which time Colonel McClain received orders to advance.

Crossing the Chattanooga road, the first line advanced by the right of companies north and parallel to said road, and after proceeding nearly a mile encountered the enemy in a thick wood. Line of battle was immediately formed, and we drove the enemy rapidly 500 yards.

At this juncture they were re-enforced, and we, having no troops on our right, were soon flanked by an overwhelming force and compelled to retire, which we did, contesting the ground inch by inch till we reached a high piece of ground, and, taking position with the assistance of the Third Wisconsin Battery, checked the enemy. We remained in this position till dark, when we changed front to the

