
right and bivouacked for the night. At 2 a.m. Colonel McClain received orders to march with the balance of the brigade to Missionary Ridge, which place we reached at 5 a.m.

We here drew rations and breakfasted.

At 8 a.m. we again formed line of battle in the same order as the day previous. Moving eastward, we were ordered to connect on the right with Harker's brigade, Wood's division, and on the left with Brannan's division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

Throwing Companies B and G forward as skirmishers, the line advanced, and after proceeding about three-fourths of a mile encountered the enemy's skirmishers. Quite a brisk fire was kept up for one hour, assisted on both sides by artillery. Orders were then received to move by the left flank to the support of General Reynolds' division, which was reported being hard pressed by the enemy.

After moving double-quick nearly 1 mile, we took position in the edge of a woods and awaited twenty minutes, but no enemy made their appearance. We then received orders to move to the support of General Baird, commanding First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps. Moving forward double-quick by the right flank we came to an open corn-field, where we found our forces on the left closely pursued by the enemy.

Forming line immediately we awaited the retreating forces to pass by, then raising the cheer we charged on the enemy, repulsing him and driving him back. Several attempts were made by the enemy to rally, but all in vain. A few well-directed volleys from our ranks and they broke in great confusion, throwing away their arms and accouterments. We charged them three-fourths of a mile, killing, wounding, and capturing many. We also captured the colors of the Twenty-sixth South Carolina Regiment.*

After completely routing the enemy on the left, we took position on the left of General Starkweather's brigade, and no firing occurred in our front except occasional skirmishing until 5 p.m., at which time the engagement became general. The right of the line falling back, the enemy opened a terrific fire of musketry and artillery on the left, completely enfilading the Fifty-first Ohio and Eighth Kentucky. Having no support, we were compelled to fall back in some disorder. Several attempts were made to rally the men immediately, but it proved impossible to do so under such a murderous fire with no support. Falling back about one-half mile, we rallied and reformed with the balance of the Third Brigade.

On reforming we were sorry to learn that Colonel R. W. McClain and 4 line officers were missing, supposed to be badly wounded or killed.

From Missionary Ridge we were ordered with the balance of the brigade to Rossville, where we bivouacked for the night, and at 2 a.m. received orders to proceed to Chattanooga and go into camp, at which place we are now, on the bluffs east of town near the river.

Before closing this report, I take pleasure with great coolness and bravery. As regards the general conduct and bearing of the regiment during the action I will not speak, but leave it for criticism of the commanding officers, under whose eyes it fought.

The regiment entered the fight with 21 commissioned officers and 297 enlisted men. The loss sustained during the entire action was 5 commissioned officers and 93 enlisted men.

