
In closing my report, it becomes my duty to speak of the conduct of the troops I commanded in battle, the Ninety-ninth Ohio and Thirty-fifth Indiana. They behaved with coolness, bravery, and daring, were obedient to a fault, and maneuvered in the hottest of the fight as handsomely as on drill. Lieutenant-Colonel Cummins, who knows not what fear is, managed his men with coolness and judgment, particularly on Saturday, when he changed front with two companies-Captain Bopes' and Lieutenant Davidson's-to resist an enfilading fire on his men. Major Dufficy could always be found at his post giving commands, and anticipating my orders very anxiously. I must leave for his report a particular mention of those of his regiment who behaved most gallantly. Lieutenant William Zay, Ninety-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, held his post on the picket line all Saturday night with 15 men of General Bragg's escort, who had a fine revolving pistol. I recommend that he be allowed to keep this pistol as a compliment to him and the brave little band he commanded.

Captain Harrison Strong volunteered to advance skirmishers upon the enemy when they were reported marching upon us at a certain point, and he with Captain Barnd and Lieutenant McConnell were very efficient as commanders of skirmishers. Color-Serg. William Duncan deserves the warmest praise for the gallant manner in which he bore the Stars and Stripes in the strife, and was cool and collected, holding the colors aloft even in retreat, that the men might "Rally round the flag." Major Le Fever was with us through the battle, but was absent four days after, reporting sick, and that his leg was bruised by a piece of shell. Captain Persinger left us in the battle Sunday morning reporting sick. Lieutenant Richards the same, Lieutenant Goble and First Sergeant Bennett, Company G, were not in the battle, but left before a shot was fired; their conduct reflects on themselves and regiment. The absence of Captain Persinger and Lieutenant Goble left Company H without an officer. Lieutenant Harper, of Company K, ably commanded it in Sunday's battle. Lieutenant Shaw, Company C, was not in the battle on account of sickness.

With the exceptions mentioned, my whole regiment did their duty well and proved themselves soldiers.

I remain, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. T. SWAINE,

Colonel Ninety-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain WILLIAM H. CATCHING,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 197.

Report of Lieutenant Cortland Livingston, Third Wisconsin Battery.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD WISCONSIN BATTERY, Near Chattanooga, Tenn., September 27, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor herewith to transmit a report of the operations of the battery under my command, during the two days' battle of the 19th and 20th September:

I occupied the position taken with the First Brigade on the after-

