
noon of the 18th, until about 12 m., when I was ordered to report to Colonel Barnes, commanding Third Brigade, who moved me to a position in an orchard about 300 yards to the left, and on the right of the road. Remained in battery for about one-half hour, when I was ordered forward with the brigade. We moved to the left about a quarter of a mile, and took commanding position in an open field. Major Mendenhall then rode up and ordered me still farther to the left. I took position in corn-field on right of another battery. The brigade, which had gone into the woods from their last position, was driven back, when I opened my battery on the advancing lines of the rebels. They came in front and on the left flank. I continued the fire until the battery on my left was captured by the enemy, when I limbered up, and got back to my position in the field on the right, when I opened fire on the woods, filled with the enemy, with great effect, stopping their advance. This position gave me an enfilading fire. The Third Brigade rallied and took position on my flanks. From this position I opened a very effective enfilade fire on the enemy, did them much injury, during several successive charges they were making to their front, in the corn-field. They [the enemy] brought up their artillery, which was soon silenced by our guns. This position was retained, with slight variation of the line, for the night.

About 3 a.m. of the 20th, word came that the enemy had been cutting roads through the woods all night, that they might be able to bring their artillery to bear upon our position, and we were ordered to follow the brigade to another position, which we did, joining our division about 3 miles to the left. About daybreak I filled up my ammunition chests and moved forward into line with Third Brigade, when we were ordered to report to General Wood. It was almost impossible to follow the brigade through the woods on account of the difficult road for artillery, but I finally reached my position in line by a circuitous route, and reported, with Colonel Barnes, to General Wood, who immediately ordered me out of the woods. I then returned to the open field in the rear and took position on a hill, about one-fourth of a mile to the left, with the batteries of Captain Stevens, Captain Swallow, and Lieutenant Cushing, Lieutenant Crushing being on my right and Captain Stevens on my left. There was great embarrassment in opening fire from this position on the woods in front, where it was well known the enemy was heavily massed, on account of the impossibility of obtaining any certain information in regard to where the lines of our troops were. We were ordered to reserve our fire until we could see the lines of the enemy. The field and a long strip of woods to our left flank had been left without any infantry support, and the enemy, seeing this, advanced in the woods, and their musketry was soon telling with fearful effect upon our cannoneers and horses. They also brought two masked guns to bear upon us. I opened my whole battery upon these woods. The enemy made rapid movement under cover of a corn-field, and completely flanked us, pouring volleys of musketry. I lost 30 horses belonging to my first five pieces, which were also lost. One piece was pulled by hand into the woods, but we could not get away with it. I lost 1 horse in getting away with the sixth piece, which was the only piece saved.

My loss in killed, wounded, and missing is as follows: One sergeant, 6 corporals, and 19 privates. My caissons being in the rear under the conduct of my stable sergeant, Edward Downey, into whose

