
hands their care was committed [we being short of commanding officers] and who deserves special notice for his coolness and bravery, seeing the charge, made their escape. I collected my command together and moved on the ridge of the mountains until I struck the Chattanooga road.
We were flanked by the enemy twice during our march, but escaped notice. We arrived in Chattanooga about daylight of the 21st. Lieutenant Hubbard commanded the left half battery and Lieutenant Currier the right. Their conduct was that of brave and efficient officers. I wish to express the greatest satisfaction in the good fighting qualities of our men, for greater bravery under such severe circumstances could not have been shown. If particular mention was admissible, I would notice the cool conduct of Corpl. John W. Fletcher, in command of the fifth piece, who though taken prisoner at his gun, by his coolness escaped his captors.

Great praise is due to our non-commissioned officers and privates, whose terrible loss in the short space of ten minutes testifies the terrible fire under which they were while working their guns. I cannot mention an instance of cowardice during the action.

For several days prior to the battle I had been suffering with neuralgia and severe sick headache, which continued, and I was hardly able to sustain myself in saddle, and nothing but an overpowering desire to be with my men in the struggle kept me from leaving the field.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CORTLAND LIVINGSTON,

Lieutenant, Commanding Third Wisconsin Battery.

Captain G. R. SWALLOW,

Chief of Artillery, Third Division.

Numbers 198.

Reports of Major General Gordon Granger, U. S. Army, commanding Reserve Corps.
HEADQUARTERS RESERVE CORPS, ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, September 30, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the recent operations of a part of the Reserve Corps:

On the 6th instant, I received orders from the general commanding the Army of the Cumberland to concentrate at Bridgeport, Ala., as much of my corps as could be spared from the duty of guarding the railroad, depots, exposed points north of the Tennessee River, &amp;c., and from that point to move them to the support of the main body of the army.

McCook's brigade, which was relieved by Colonel Mizner, was ordered from Columbia to Bridgeport, where it arrived on the 10th instant. Two brigades of General Steedman's division, which were relieved from duty along the lines of railroad from Murfreesborough to Cowan, and from Wartrace to Shelbyville, by other troops from the rear, arrived at Bridgeport on the 11th instant. The Twenty-second Regiment Michigan Infantry, under command of Colonel Le Favour, was sent direct to Bridgeport by railroad from Nashville,

