
It is with pleasure that I call the attention of the commanding general to the bravery and gallantry displayed during the battle by Brig. General James B. Steedman. He fearlessly rushed into the midst of danger, and was ever present with his troops, handling them with ease and confidence, rallying and encouraging them, and established order and confidence.

General Whitaker and Colonel Mitchell, commanding brigades, were also conspicuous for their bravery and activity. They managed their troops well, and contributed much to our success during the day.

Colonel Daniel McCook, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, Reserve Corps, properly and promptly carried out all orders and instructions I gave him. Although his brigade was not engaged in the battle, it held a very important position, protecting the rear of those who were fighting.

The aid and assistance rendered me by Colonel James Thompson, my chief of artillery, was timely and of great importance. His wellknown ability and former experience rendered him a most efficient officer on the field.

The commanding officers of all my regiments, with but one exception, and of all of my batteries, behaved nobly. Below I give a list of those most conspicuous for efficiency and bravery, and deserving special mention.

Colonel Champion, Ninety-sixth Regiment Illinois Infantry; Colonel Moore, One hundred and fifteenth Regiment Illinois Infantry; Colonel Le Favour, Twenty-second Regiment Michigan Infantry; Colonel Carlton, Eighty-ninth Regiment Ohio Infantry; Lieutenant-Colonel Banning, One hundred and twenty-first Regiment Ohio Infantry; Lieutenant Colonel Carter Van Vleck, Seventy-eighth Regiment Illinois Infantry; Lieutenant-Colonel Warner, One hundred and thirteenth Regiment Ohio Infantry; Major Broaddus, Seventy-eighth Regiment Illinois Infantry [killed]; Major Yager, One hundred and twenty-first Regiment Ohio Infantry; Lieutenant-Colonel Sanborn, Twenty-second Regiment Michigan Infantry [wounded]; Captain Urquhart, commanding Ninety-eighth Regiment Ohio Infantry [wounded].

Captain Thomas, who succeeded to the command of the Ninety-eighth Ohio Infantry, and who was killed; Captain Espy, [acting] commissary of subsistence, First Brigade, First Division, Reserve Corps, killed; Captain Hicks, Ninety-sixth Illinois; Adjutant Hamilton, One hundred and thirteenth Ohio Infantry, and Captain Moe, assistant adjutant-general, Major Smith, Lieutenant Blandin, and Captain Hays, all on Brigadier-General Steedman's staff.

All of General Whitaker's staff officers were killed or wounded in the commencement of the battle. Their names have not been given to me.

I desire to return my thanks to the following mentioned members of my own staff who were with me, and who rendered me efficient aid and service during the two days of battle, viz: Major J. S. Fullerton, Captain J. Gordon Taylor, Captain William L. Avery, and Lieutenant T. G. Beaham.

Respectfully submitted.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Cumberland.

