
fourth Indiana, which was firmly sustained. The Fortieth Ohio was sent to its support, the enemy still continuing to increase their numbers and the vigor of their attack, and having orders to maintain my position only, I cautiously withdrew the Fortieth Ohio and Eighty-fourth Indiana, covering their withdrawal by the One hundred and fifteenth Illinois and one section of Captain Aleshire's battery, which was ably and efficiently done.

The enemy rashly exposed himself, and was severely punished, the fight being maintained with great spirit from about 2 until 5 p.m., when the rebels were driven from the field.

They numbered, as far as I could ascertain from prisoners, about 3,500 of Scott's, Forrest's, and Wheeler's forces, with one or two regiments of infantry. Notifying the commander of the division, General Steedman, of the strength of the enemy, re-enforcements, consisting of the Twenty-second Michigan and Eighty-ninth Ohio, commanded by Colonel Le Favour, the Second Brigade of the First Division, and the Second Brigade of the Second Division, under his command in person, promptly arrived at about half past 5 o'clock.

Disposition of the force was made to resist any attack the enemy might make. The loss of my command was 5 killed and 36 wounded.

I have to regret the loss of Captain Rowan, who was taken prisoner or killed in the thick undergrowth. He was a brave, efficient officer. The enemy lost very heavily, being exposed to a continuous fire from two regiments and a section of artillery, while advancing across an open field.

On the morning of the 20th [Sunday], General Granger visited the command. About 9 o'clock firing was heard in the direction of Crawfish Spring, on the Chickamauga. About 10 o'clock the firing of cannon and musketry took such direction as to force us to the conclusion that our forces were being driven.

Orders were given to me to march my brigade, and the Twenty-second Michigan and Eighty-ninth Ohio, which were then attached to my command for the day, to the aid of General Thomas, on the Chickamauga, near Crawfish Spring. With alacrity and enthusiasm the men marched under a hot sun, and through clouds of dust, up the La Fayette road, until they found the rebel mounted infantry drawn up in line of battle to intercept our progress. They had already reached the rear of General Thomas' command and had possession of the field hospital, which they had most inhumanly shelled while filled with our wounded, killing my personal friend, the gallant Dick Rockingham [lieutenant-colonel of my brave old regiment, the Sixth Kentucky Infantry], who was lying in it wounded.

Line of battle being formed by us, and advancing, the enemy retreated. My command was then moved by the flank in two lines, three regiments in the first and three in the second line, at nearly double-quick time, up the valley for near a mile, under a heavy fire of shell from a rebel battery. Several were killed and wounded.

Arriving between 12 and 1 p.m. at the point occupied by General Thomas, we found him sorely pressed, and yielding stubbornly to superior numbers. I was directed to drive the enemy from a ridge on which he had concentrated his forces in great numbers, supported by artillery, and was seriously threatening the destruction of our right by a flank movement, forming my command in two lines, the Ninety-sixth Illinois on the right, the One hundred and fifteenth Illinois in the center, the Twenty-second Michigan on the left of the

