
first line; the Fortieth Ohio on the right, the Eighty-fourth Indiana in the center, and Eighty-ninth Ohio on the left of the second line.

Both lines advanced at a double-quick pace against the enemy. The conflict was terrific. The enemy was driven near half a mile. Rallying, they drove my command a short distance, when they in turn were driven again with great loss. Both lines had been thrown into the conflict on the second charge, and the whole line kept up a deadly and well directed fire upon the enemy, who fought with great determination and vigor.

The Ninety-sixth Illinois, Colonel Champion, fought with bold impetuosity, efficiency, and gallantry.

The Twenty-second Michigan, Colonel Le Favour, after fighting for near three hours, having exhausted their ammunition, boldly charged into the midst of overwhelming numbers with the bayonet, driving them until overcome by superior strength.

The One hundred and fifteenth Illinois, Colonel Moore, deserves notice for its courage and bearing. The entire command bore themselves like veterans, under a most withering, murderous fire of musketry, grape, and canister for over three hours, firmly maintaining their ground until we were directed to retire, which was done in fair order, the enemy retiring also at the same time.

My command has the honor of bringing from that gory field the flags of our brave corps commander and of our gallant division commander, all proudly floating by that of the First Brigade. Our loss was heavy. It could not be otherwise. We fought, as I have been informed by prisoners, three divisions of the enemy, two of which were from Longstreet's corps. They fought like tigers, and with a zeal and energy worthy of a better cause.

I specially commend Colonel Champion and Captain Hicks, of the Ninety-sixth Illinois, and Colonel Le Favour, of the Twenty-second Michigan, for gallantry and bravery. Captain Aleshire, commanding Eighteenth Ohio Battery, attached to my command, both officers and men, behaved with great gallantry and courage through the engagements of Saturday and Sunday, and rendered effective service. Their loss was 2 commissioned officers and 5 men wounded. The service and our country has to regret the loss of Lieutenant-Colonel Clarke, of the Ninety-sixth Illinois, and Lieutenant-Colonel Kinman, of the One hundred and fifteenth Illinois, who fell bravely cheering their men on to victory.

Lieutenant-Colonel Sanborn was badly wounded. He demeaned himself with great credit.

The effective strength of my brigade was 106 officers and 1,843 enlisted men, making a total of 1,949; deduct from this the loss experienced in the battle of Saturday, 45 killed and wounded, and the available force of my brigade in Sunday's fight, with the addition of the Twenty-second Michigan and Eighty-ninth Ohio Regiments, was 2,877 rank and file [see exhibit* herewith filed, marked Exhibit Whitaker's brigade, for particulars]; of the number there were killed, wounded, and missing in the battle of the 20th, Sunday evening, rank and file, 1,225 of which was incurred on the evening of the 20th September, 1863. The enemy's loss far exceeded ours. We took many prisoners; the number I cannot give, as they were

---------------

*Not found; but see p.858.

---------------

