
hurried to the rear without being numbered. My command received able support from the Second Brigade, which was ably commanded by Colonel Mitchell.

Conspicuous in its ranks I noticed Colonel Banning and Adjutant Hamilton in the fight.

My entire command fought well and ably. My staff suffered severely. There were but 7,8 with myself. Lieutenant Jerome B. Mason, aide-de-camp; Captain S. B. Espy, commissary, but volunteer aide, were killed on the field. Braver men never lived. Lieutenant J. M. Moore, [acting] assistant adjutant-general, was shot through the body. Lieutenant Hanon was mortally wounded and taken prisoner. Captain James Allen was severely wounded. Captain Rowan was taken prisoner; but one escaped-Lieutenant Pepoon. The honored dead I mourn.

To the living I tender my warmest thanks, in behalf of our country, for their courage and faithfulness in the face of the foe.

The general commanding received a severe flesh wound, but continued in command, bringing his men from the field.

I hope it will not be considered beyond the scope of a report to congratulate the great States of Illinois, Ohio, Michigan, and Indiana upon the courage, efficiency, and fidelity with which their sons, composing my command, have sustained the honor of their respective States and served our common country.

I have the honor to be, yours, respectfully,

W. C. WHITAKER,

Brigadier-General, Comdg. First Brigade, First Division.

Captain S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

A D D E N D A .

Itinerary of the First Brigade for September, 1863.*

September 7.-The brigade marched from Estill Springs, Tenn., by order of Brigadier-General Steedman, commanding division.

September 9.-Arrived at Stevenson, Ala.

September 10.-Marched to Bridgeport.

September 13.-Left Bridgeport in the morning for Rossville, Ga.

September 14.-In the evening, arrived at Rossville.

September 17.-General W. C. Whitaker rejoined the brigade and resumed command at Rossville, Ga.

September 18. [Friday].-The brigade was ordered by Major General Gordon Granger to move and occupy the bridge over the Chickamauga, on the Ringgold road from Rossville, if it could be done without bringing on a general engagement. In crossing Spring Creek had a skirmish, which resulted in driving back the enemy, with the loss of 1 killed and 3 wounded to ourselves. In the night I changed my position, occupying the hills at McAfee's Church.

September 19.+-In the morning, had an engagement with a largely superior force of the enemy, which lasted from 2 until 6 p.m., in which I lost 5 killed and 36 wounded, but maintained my position, and was re-enforced.

September 20 [Sunday].-Fought the battle of Chickamauga with

---------------

*From return for September.

+For a clearer account of this day's operations, see p.861.

---------------

