
mined efforts in rallying and encouraging the men during the entire conflict. Others did as well until they became engaged in attending to the wounded.

Our loss was heavy in both officers and men, including Lieutenant Colonel Isaac L. Clarke, killed on the field. He behaved with great gallantry. On a carefully amended report I find our loss to be, killed, 42; wounded, 121; missing, 11; total, 174. Of the missing, 5 are probably killed. We took from 30 to 40 prisoners; exact number not known.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. E. CHAMPION,

Colonel, Commanding Ninety-sixth Illinois Volunteers.

Lieutenant J. R. BOONE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 202.

Report of Captain Isaac C. Nelson, Eighty-ninth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. 89TH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Chattanooga, Tenn., September 28, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit my official report of the action of the Eighty-ninth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the battle of the 19th and 20th of September, 1863.

The regiment at the time of the battle was brigade with the Twenty-second Regiment Michigan Volunteers, in Steedman's division, of the Reserve Corps. The regiment left camp at Rossville, Ga., early on the morning of the 19th, and were in the battle on Chickamauga Creek, where 9 of the regiment were wounded.

The regiment remained on picket at that place the night of the 19th, and moved to re-enforce troops on the right about 10 a.m.

About 2 p.m. of the 20th, they became engaged in a most terrific musketry fight, which lasted over an hour, during which time they drove the enemy from their position on a hill, and held the place. A short time before dark they became engaged again and fought superior numbers until after dark, when their ammunition gave out and they were surrounded and captured.

The casualties in the regiment are, as far as can be ascertained, as follows: Officers killed, 2; wounded, 2; missing, 13. Enlisted men killed, 17; wounded, 61; missing, 158.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,I. C. NELSON,

Captain, Comdg. Eighty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant J. R. BOONE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 203.

Report of Colonel John G. Mitchell, One hundred and thirteenth Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., FIRST DIV., RESERVE CORPS, Camp near Chattanooga, Tenn., September 26, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit herewith a report of the operations of this command in the late series of engagements in this department.

