
A detailed statement* of these losses is herewith sent. We captured 30 prisoners and 1 stand of regimental colors. Our regimental and brigade alignments were not broken by us from the time we entered the field until we left it. That we were not utterly destroyed is owing in a great measure to the protection afforded by our excellent position.

I am, colonel, with great respect, your most obedient servant,

CARTER VAN VLECK,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg.78th Illinois Volunteer Infantry.

Colonel J. G. MITCHELL,

Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 205.

Report of Lieutenant George Green, Seventy-eighth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-EIGHTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY, Near Chattanooga, Tenn., September 25, 1863.

SIR: On the morning of the 19th instant, the regiment was moved 4 miles on the Ringgold road. A line, of battle was formed, the Seventy-eighth Illinois placed on the right of the brigade, and supporting Company M, First Illinois Artillery; Companies D and K thrown out as skirmishers. We remained in that position during the night.

On the morning of the 20th, our position was changed to the left of the line of battle formed across the Ringgold road, and were temporarily under the command of Colonel Champion, Ninety-sixth Illinois Volunteers. At 10 a.m. we were marched to the right wing of the army, some 4 or 5 miles distant, where Thomas' corps was fighting. We became engaged with the enemy about 1 p.m. We charged and drove them from their position on the crest of a hill, and maintained our position until sundown, when our ammunition became exhausted and we were compelled to retire, and were withdrawn from the field to Rossville, where we bivouacked for the night.

Our loss was quite severe, amounting to 91 killed, wounded, and missing. Prior to the engagement Company F was detailed to guard prisoners at field hospital.

We went into the battle with 334 men and 19 officers.

On the 21st, we moved up the Chattanooga road and went on Mission Hill, where we threw up breastworks and put out skirmishers and let them remain as a picket. At midnight we left the hill and marched into Chattanooga, leaving 30 men and 3 officers, of Company F, and 19 men and 1 officer, of Company I, as pickets, who were not relieved, and are supposed to be in the hands of the enemy.

Our whole loss from the 19th instant to the 22nd was: Officers killed, 1; wounded, 8; captured,4; total, 13. Enlisted men killed, 16; wounded, 52; wounded and missing, 5; captured and paroled, 9; captured, 51; total, 146.+

All of which is respectfully submitted.

GEORGE GREEN,Lieutenant, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. T. COLLINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

---------------

*Not found; see revised statement, p.178.

+See revised statement, p.178.

---------------

