
for their attention to duty and coolness in action. My casualties are very slight-2 killed, 14 wounded, and 13 prisoners.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAN'L McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant T. G. BEAHAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Reserve Corps.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, North Chickamauga, October 10, 1863.

GENERAL: According to promise, I send you a map* of the left part of the battle-field and the country as far down the Chickamauga as Mission Mills. It is taken off the basis of one of the engineer maps furnished me. The roads and situation of houses on that map are in many places corrected, while many other roads are added, and corrections made in the range of Mission Hills. The position of the rebels upon the night of the 18th is partly taken from what I saw, and partly from reports of prisoners and correspondence from Southern papers. You will find it very rough, for I only have one pencil, but in its main features correct. If referred to General Thomas, he can correct any little inaccuracies or place the line Sunday.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,DAN'L McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Commanding.

A D D E N D A .

Itinerary of the Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel Daniel McCook, Fifty-second Ohio Infantry, for September, 1863.+

September 1.-The Brigade, left Blowing Springs, marched toward and arrived at Athens, Ala., the following day. From Athens it marched to Huntsville, remained one night and then moved to Bridgeport, via Stevenson, Ala.

September 14.-It reached Chattanooga by a forced march from Bridgeport.

September 15.-Marched to Rossville in the morning, where it remained until the 18th, when it was ordered to destroy Reed's Bridge, which it accomplished in the face of the enemy.

September 19 and 20.-During the battles the brigade was held in reserve on the left.

September 21.-In the afternoon the battery was engaged. In the evening the brigade entered Chattanooga. It lay there until the 23rd, when it was ordered up to this point to guard the ford at the mouth of North Chickamauga Creek.

Numbers 207.

Report of Colonel Caleb J. Dilworth, Eighty-fifth Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. EIGHTY-FIFTH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, North Chickamauga, October 11, 1863.

SIR: In reporting to you that part which the Eighty-fifth Regiment Illinois Volunteers took in the bloody conflict of September 19 and

---------------

*See p.872a.

+From return for September.

---------------

