
grape and canister, but, their range being too high, their shot passed harmlessly over our heads. I directed my skirmishers to fall back upon and cover the rear of the regiment, which order was executed in a splendid manner, but not without some loss. Willard Hicks and Robert Neider, Company D, were wounded and taken prisoners. Captain Houghton's servant was shot by his side. We returned to Rossville, where we arrived about noon, rested about three hours, and encamped on the hill east of Rossville for the night.

Early next morning we moved out the Ringgold road about 4 miles, and filed to the left until we came to the farm of Mr. - . There we remained until 1 p.m., then moved out the road past the Dyer farm, and continued our march until we passed the residence of Mr. -, about one-half mile, when the Eighty-sixth Illinois [which was in the advance] was fired upon by a rebel battery from the left of the road. We were then ordered to take position upon the hills which were directly on our right, but in doing so we had to pass through burning woods 200 or 300 yards wide, the flames in many instances almost suffocating us. The woods being cleared, we moved up and took position on the hill, with the Eighty-sixth on our right and the battery on our left, forming a line on the crest of the hill, while the grape, canister, and shells of the enemy fell around us at every step. The blaze and smoke of the grass and dead timber were so great that nothing could be done until half past 3 p.m., when we succeeded in extinguishing the flames so that the battery of the enemy, and a very severe cannonading was kept up until dark, the shells of the enemy bursting around us in all directions. When we first arrived upon the top of the hill, I again sent Company K to the right, under command of Captain Yates, as skirmishers, who took a position upon the right of the Eighty-sixth, and kept up a brisk fire upon the enemy during the afternoon, and in the evening they were thrown in front.

A short time after dark we were ordered back to Rossville, which place we reached in the night, and next day took position on the mountain east of Rossville on the right of the Eighty-sixth, where we remained until after dark, when we were ordered back to Chattanooga, which place we reached during the night.

It is with great pleasure that I am able to state, that during the several engagements referred to every officer and man under my command behaved with the utmost coolness and bravery, and in every manner conducted themselves to my entire satisfaction.

I am glad to call particular attention to Sergt. William Delong, of Company F, for capturing and bringing into camp 2 prisoners; also John R. Gardner, of Company C, for capturing and bringing into camp prisoners on the night of the 18th September. To Major R. G. Rider and the adjutant, C. N. Andrus, I am much indebted for their assistance in the field.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. J. DILWORTH,

Colonel, Commanding Eighty-fifth Illinois.

Captain E. L. ANDERSON, Actg. Asst. General

