
the Eighty-fifth Illinois, commanded by Colonel Dilworth. I immediately deployed a company [A, Captain William S. Magarity] as skirmishers, covering my right flank. The enemy being beyond musket range, all that we could do was to quietly lie down, and for three and a half hours were the pastime of the rebel battery, which paid its addresses alternately to Barnett's battery and the line of infantry.

A new danger suddenly made its appearance in the shape of a 12-pounder solid shot from a battery on our right, which, mistaking us for rebel troops, sent in two enfilading fires, which admonished us to display our colors and to move a little farther under cover.

Our casualties while in this position were 1 man killed and 1 wounded, Companies I and B being again the sufferers. As night closed in upon us the firing ceased. I then deployed a company [K, Captain John F. French] as flankers, covering my right flank. We moved in this order to Rossville, where we arrived about 10 o'clock in the evening, and where we bivouacked for the remainder of the night.

About 11 o'clock on Monday morning, September 21, I received an order from our brigade commander, Colonel Daniel McCook [who is always ready when the time comes to meet the enemy], to form my regiment immediately and march in the rear of the Fifty-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry, to take up a position on the mountain to the right of the gap leading south from Rossville. We moved to the position assigned us by the flank, my left resting on the One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, and my right on the Eighty-fifth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, and were held in reserve to support the Fifty-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry, commanded by Major Holmes.

We remained in this position until 9 o'clock in the evening, at which time I received an order to form my regiment in the rear of the brigade, and move through Rossville to Chattanooga, where we arrived at 1 o'clock on Tuesday morning, September 22, 1863.

In conclusion, captain, permit me to say that the conduct of the officers and men composing my regiment on the three days we were connected with the troops engaged in the conflict referred to was such as to reflect credit upon themselves and the State they represent, and especially Captain Worrell, commanding Company B, and his brave officers and men, I most cordially thank for the heroism displayed on Saturday morning, the 19th, and Captain Fahnestock, acting major [Major O. Fountain being in arrest], as well as Adjt. C. D. Irons, for the brave and efficient manner in which they assisted me on that occasion. For coolness and bravery and the patient endurance of the fatigues incident to battle-fields my regiment could not be excelled.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

D. W. MAGEE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Eighty-sixth Illinois.

Captain E. L. ANDERSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

