
The cannonading continued for an hour and a half; but so hot was Barnett's fire, that he silenced the enemy's guns and their infantry dared not advance. Protected by the hill, I lost no men.

At 8 p.m. I marched by the left flank in rear of Fifty-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry to Rossville.

The next day, September 21, at 12 m., was ordered to move up the western slope of Missionary Ridge to the right of the Rossville road and take position in rear of Fifty-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry. The three left companies-H, I, and K-were refused, to keep clear of the road, making an angle of about 60 with the line. My position was discovered by the enemy, and he opened fire upon me, using case-shot. His fire was directed at the angle referred to chiefly, though he swept the whole line. I moved the regiment to the rear twice to avoid his range, but not soon enough to escape injury. Two men were wounded, 1 mortally, many others narrowly escaping. The fire continued for about two hours. I was ordered to move into the road at 9 o'clock, and from thence marched to Chattanooga.

It affords me pleasure to report that during the battle neither man nor officer deserted his post. The men were calm, and under the enemy's fire of Monday self-possessed and determined. Two men in Company G, Corpl. William Flougher and Private John L. Smith, who carried off a wounded man, immediately returned to their places. I am pained to report that Captain Stephen D. Conover and Privates John F. Leonard and William Chandler, Company B, and Jacob Poulson, Company H, are missing. Under orders from General Granger, Captain Conover was, on the 17th of September, stationed upon a high point in front of Rossville, to observe and report the movements of the enemy, [with] the privates named as a guard. I entertain serious apprehensions that his position, when captured, so far compromised him in the judgment of a relentless foe that he was cruelly slain, together with his brave comrades.

My casualties are: William Means, Company H, mortally wounded, now dead; Richard Clearwater, Company G, wounded, foot amputated; Captain S. D. Conover, missing; John F. Leonard, Company B, missing; William F. Chandler, Company B, missing; Jacob Poulson, Company H, missing; Corporal Ray, Company H, wounded in the arm.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. F. HARMON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain E. L. ANDERSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 210.

Report of Major James T. Holmes, Fifty-second Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. FIFTY-SECOND OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Chickamauga Creek, Tenn., October 10, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this command in the battle of Chickamauga:

At Rossville, Ga., between 2 and 3 p.m. of Friday, September 18, I was ordered to see that every man of the command has 60 rounds of ammunition and be ready to march at a moment's notice. Fol-

