
darkness came on, when the order was received to withdraw from the mountain without noise or confusion at 8 p.m. precisely, and march into Chattanooga, which place the regiment reached at 11 p.m.

On the morning of the 23rd, the regiment was ordered from its position in the outskirts of the city to form line behind the fort and rifle-pits to the east.

After noon of the 25th, ordered to move across the pontoon and 4 miles up the river.

Evening of the 27th, ordered to the present camp.

Our loss was 3 men on the 19th and 2 on the 20th.

I could not make special mention of any officer or officers of this command that would not be injustice to the others in it whose names could not appear in a report of this length.

It will suffice to say that through all, both officers and men bore their parts with a steady firmness and brave endurance that must ever reflect upon them with honor. In the midst of rumors of terrible disaster to our arms, they never were disheartened, but believed that, although temporary reverses might befall us, in God and right is our strength, and we cannot fail of ultimate and permanent success.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. T. HOLMES,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain E. L. ANDERSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 211.

Reports of Captain Charles M. Barnett, Battery I, Second Illinois Light Artillery.

BATTERY I, SECOND ILLINOIS ARTILLERY, North Chickamauga Creek, Tenn., October 12, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report in regard to my participation in the action of September 20 and 21, ultimo:

On the morning of the 20th September, I moved south [with the brigade to which I am attached] from my camp, at the fork of the roads, about three-quarters of a mile south of Rossville, Ga., and after going into position twice, marched 2 miles southwest and found the enemy posted in the woods on the west side of West Chickamauga Creek, near Gaines' Mill. The enemy immediately opened upon us [while we were in column of march, through the burning woods], and we were compelled to move by the right flank into an open field, on the east side of Missionary Ridge, the enemy in the meanwhile shelling us vigorously. Upon the crest of the ridge I went into battery, but the fire in the meantime had extended all over the field, which prevented me from commencing the action until it was extinguished in our front, which duty was performed by the brigade.

At 2 p.m. I opened upon the enemy in my front, and was engaged about one hour, firing very slow, when the enemy brought another battery in position on my right, getting an oblique fire upon me. To these guns I instantly directed my fire, and silenced them in

