
about fifteen minutes. At this time General Turchin came with his brigade from the extreme left of our army, and I assisted him to advance by shelling the enemy from his front, so that he succeeded in gaining shelter, and reformed in the rear of our brigade. I continued firing at intervals until 6 p.m., when I closed the action by two successive six-gun discharges. About 7.30 p.m. we commenced falling back toward Rossville, Ga., which place we reached about 11 p.m., having been engaged four hours, and fired 165 rounds, without any casualties worth mentioning in the battery.

On the 21st, at 12 m., the enemy commenced firing from the heights south of Rossville, and I received orders to move forward from where I was camped a half a mile north of Rossville, on the Chattanooga road. At Rossville I was ordered by General Thomas to place two guns on the hill in the forks of the road, a quarter of a mile above that place. I immediately proceeded with Lieutenant Coe's section, and placed them in the designated position, leaving the remainder of the battery under the hill, in column of pieces faced toward Chattanooga.

About 2 o'clock the enemy opened upon the position with four guns, and continued firing for half an hour, when they ceased, and their infantry came down in line, yelling and shouting, but upon giving them a few rounds of canister [some of them double-shotted] they retreated, nor did they make another charge that day, although their artillery kept up a slow though steady fire until about 5,30 p.m., when we again silenced them after firing 129 rounds. At 8.30 p.m. we withdrew from the hill and arrived at Chattanooga at 11 p.m., no casualties happening upon our side.

My officers and men behaved as usual, doing all that could be done.

Lieutenant Coe commanded the section under fire on the 21st.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. M. BARNETT,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Captain E. L. ANDERSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 212.

Reports of Brig. General James G. Spears, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, Third Division.

HDQRS. 3rd BRIG., 3rd DIV., RESERVE ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, Tenn., September 27, 1863.

SIR: I respectfully submit the following as my report of the movements of this brigade from McMinnville to this point:

On the night of the 12th of September, 1863, I received orders from Major General Gordon Granger to march the Tennessee troops to Jasper, Tenn., leaving the Fifth Iowa Cavalry at McMinnville and Stokes' cavalry at Tracy City. Accordingly early on Sunday morning, 13th, tents were struck and line of march taken up and reached Beersheba Springs, on Cumberland Mountains, that night and rested until morning.

September 14, 5 a.m., line of march resumed by way of Therman,

