
I do not understand their import, excepting that he is concentrating at La Fayette.

The labor getting down the mountain to-day, and the fight, brought us to nightfall. I have sent a scout within 5 miles of Summerville, not yet returned. I occupy Alpine. I have rumors that Bragg is retreating south of the Oostanaula; I have not definite information. The enemy fought stubbornly from the foot of the mountain. The country is well adapted to their mode of warfare.

We have had 2 men killed and 7 wounded.

Since writing the above, General Davis has arrived at my headquarters.

A brigade is at the Broomtown Gap, which I will re-enforce with cavalry at early dawn.

I am, your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General, and Chief of Cavalry.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff.

P. S.-One of the enemy captured to-day says Forrest was here to-day, and that he saw him and knows him.

[Inclosure No. 1.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS., La Fayette, Ga., September 9, 1863.

Major W. E. HILL,Commanding Elite Battalion.

MAJOR: I am directed by General Wheeler to instruct you to move with your command to La Fayette, Ga., immediately upon receipt of this dispatch. In moving you will send a courier in advance to the commanding officer at Alpine to notify him of your approach.

Respectfully, major, your obedient servant,

D. G. REED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 2.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, La Fayette, Ga., September 9, 1863.

Commanding Officer, Gadsden, Ala.:

General Wheeler directs me to say that you will send out scouts toward the Tennessee River to ascertain if there is any movement of the enemy in that direction. Any information that may be gained by these scouts will be promptly transmitted to General Wheeler at La Fayette.

The scouts sent to the river will be instructed to have all boats on the river brought to the south side of river, and the owners will be given peremptory orders, under pain of being treated as disloyal citizens, not to bring any Yankees to this side of the river, and to burn their boats in case the enemy attempt to obtain possession of them.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,D. G. REED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

