
[Inclosure No. 3.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, La Fayette, September 9, 1863.

Colonel -,Commanding at Alpine, Ga.:

COLONEL: I am directed by General Wheeler to say that he desires you will not fail, in case you are forced back from Alpine, to cause a portion of your force to fall back in the direction of La Fayette, sending a courier to the general La Fayette, with a statement of the force of the enemy which drove you from Alpine. This latter fact-that is, the force of the enemy which opposes itself to you-you will endeavor to ascertain by any means in your power, as it is important that the commanding general should know it.

The Elite Corps, under Major Hill, is now at Cedar Bluff, but will receive orders by this courier to move to La Fayette.

Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

D. G. REED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Near Alpine, Ga., September 10, 1863-7 p.m.

GENERAL: I have made three reconnaissances to-day. One toward Rome, crossing the Chattanooga River at Milville-this developed the fact that there are no troops excepting 6 miles this side of Rome. A boy direct from there says there are troops of all arms. An intercepted letter says Walker's division of infantry is there. The reconnaissance of General Crook to within 10 miles of La Fayette learned that all the cavalry force of Bragg's army was assembling at La Fayette; commenced concentrating yesterday. Armstrong's brigade, of Forrest's division, was south of Chattanooga and went back to La Fayette last night. Forrest went through here with nothing but his escort at 10 o'clock yesterday, going toward La Fayette, via Summerville.

Colonel Watkins, with the Third Brigade, of First Division, made reconnaissance to Summerville. He found their pickets 4 miles this side of the town, and charged them, driving them through the town without serious resistance. He had 1 man killed and 1 wounded; captured a captain and about 20 prisoners. His information is that Forrest, Armstrong, Wheeler, and Wharton were there yesterday, with their commands, and moved in the afternoon and during the night to La Fayette, and giving as a reason that the Yankees were attacking their forces at that point.

The Second and Third Georgia, however, retreated on the road to Rome, which from Summerville is 23 miles. From La Fayette to Summerville it is 16 miles. I have been very sick and confined to my bed all day, but hope to be up to-morrow or next day.

I am, your obedient servant,D. S. STANLEY,

Major General, and Chief of Cavalry.

Brig. General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, &amp;c.

