HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Henderson's Gap, Ala., September 13, 1863-8 p.m.

GENERAL: The reconnaissance sent to La Fayette to determine the position of the enemy returned this evening. General Crook went within 3 miles of there this a.m., and charged and drove their cavalry through their infantry, and captured about 20 of their infantry pickets belonging to the Thirteenth Louisiana. They say they belong to Breckinridge's division, and that all of Johnston's army, excepting one division [Loring's], which has been sent to Charleston, had re-enforced Bragg. As soon as he struck their infantry pickets they opened upon him with artillery, and he immediately fell back, having accomplished the object for which he was sent.

Colonel McCook moved his force on the Summerville and La Fayette road as far as Trion Factory, and sent one regiment from there to reconnoiter toward La Fayette. He reports a column of something moving off from the Summerville and La Fayette road toward Rome, but I can learn from him nothing definite in regard to it. The reconnaissance was very unsatisfactory, and if I can hear anything more definite in regard to it, I will dispatch it to you at once.

I will carry out your instructions in regard to the passes, and put myself in closer communication with the right of the army to-morrow. Our marching had been very heavy, and our horses are very much jaded.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General, and Chief of Cavalry.

General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, &amp;c.

Numbers 214.

Report of Brig. General Robert B. Mitchell, U. S. Army, Chief of Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY, Island Ferry, October 3, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in accordance with orders received from department headquarters, I crossed the Tennessee River at and above Caperton's Ferry with parts of the First Division Cavalry, Colonel E. M. McCook commanding, and Second Brigade, Second Division Cavalry, Brigadier-General Crook commanding, and September 3 moved across Sand Mountain, camping the night of the 3rd on Town Creek, having left at the Tennessee River one regiment from each brigade to guard our trains and assist them in getting up the mountain.

September 4.-General Crook moved with his command to Winston's, at Valley Head, and Colonel McCook with his division moved 4 miles farther down the valley in the direction of Rawlingsville, sending a scout to that place which discovered no enemy.

September 5.-The Second East Tennessee, which had been posted at Jasper when the movement across the river began, had the day previous to our crossing been ordered down to Bridgeport, and orders were left at Bridgeport for it to follow on and join the brigade. It reached the brigade on the morning of the 5th.

The Second Michigan, which had also been temporarily detached from its brigade, having crossed the river several days previous at

