
Bridgeport, and been scouting under orders from General Sheridan and Thomas, also arrived and joined its brigade the same morning. General Crook with his command made a scout to-day over to Lookout Mountain into Broomtown Valley; discovered only 150 or 200 of the enemy, and returned the same night to Valley Head. Colonel McCook's command scouted in the direction of Lebanon and on the mountain [Lookout], finding small parties of the enemy's cavalry, and capturing 10 of them.

September 6.-Sent scouting parties in various directions, mostly down Will's Valley, finding but little indications of the enemy and meeting no resistance.

September 7.-The trains having begun to arrive, the day was spent in shoeing up the command.

September 8.-Moved General Crook's command, the artillery and ambulances, up into Lookout Mountain, at Winston's Gap, where it encamped for the night. The trains were parked in the vicinity of General McCook's corps, and all the dismounted men started back to Nashville for a remount.

September 9.-At daylight, the command, First Division, and Second Brigade, Second Division, moved across Lookout Mountain in the direction of Henderson's Gap, General Crook's command having the advance. As they neared the gap the advance struck the enemy's pickets, which were easily driven back down the gap. The gap was found to have been obstructed by them by felling timber across the road, which is a narrow pass, and rolling large bowlders of rock into it. It took about an hour to clear out the gap, when the command moved into Broomtown Valley.

General Crook's command soon engaged the enemy and a severe skirmish ensued, the enemy resisting stubbornly, having occupied the timber skirting some large fields. However, as soon as Colonel McCook's command came up, by sending strong parties on their flanks they were forced to retire, fighting us, however, from the time we struck them in the valley until we drove them through Alpine, some retreating on the Rome road, but the most of them on the road to Summerville. For the details of the engagement I refer you to the reports of the division, brigade, and regimental commanders. The command, after pursuing till dark, bivouacked at night in line of battle in the vicinity of Alpine, standing to horse at 3 a.m. in the morning.

September 10.-Sent scouts in the direction of Rome, La Fayette, and Summerville. Colonel Watkins with his brigade [Third Brigade, First Division] moved on the Summerville road, striking the enemy's pickets about 5 miles from Summerville. He instantly charged them, driving them easily through Summerville. From prisoners taken he learned that Wheeler, Forrest, Wharton, and Armstrong had left the night before on the La Fayette road, leaving only a small force at Summerville. The scout in command of General Crook [Second Brigade, Second Division], which went on the La Fayette road, confirmed what the prisoners captured at Summerville reported. Colonel Watkins captured I captain and 15 men. He had 1 man killed-killing also 1 rebel. The scout of Colonel Campbell's brigade [First Brigade, First Division], which went in the direction of Rome, met no enemy, but found out in various ways that the enemy had a large force of all arms at Rome. All of the scouts returned the same night.

September 11.-Another scout was sent this morning toward

