
worth. Beginning poor in life, by industry and economy he had sought to gain for himself an education. At the fall of Fort Sumter he was at college, and about to graduate. Throwing aside all thoughts of completing his course, he entered the ranks. Because of his previous scholarly qualities, by unanimous consent of the faculty he was granted a diploma. Soon after entering the service he was promoted to a second lieutenancy; from this he gradually arose to the rank of captain, earning his promotions as he went. In battle he was brave almost to a fault. A stranger to fear, his delight was to be amid the strife. Thoroughly patriotic, with no motive but duty to his country and his God, he has fallen where he often expressed his desire to fall, if fall he should during the war, in battle, his feet to the foe, and nobly performing his duty in a trying hour.

I cannot close this report without calling to the attention of the general commanding, the gallantry and daring of the cavalry command during the two days' battle, as well as the following two days on our retreat to Chattanooga, each regiment, brigade, and division trying to outstrip each other in deeds of daring.

Brigadier-General Crook, commanding Second Division, deserves the gratitude of the country for the gallant manner in which he discharged his duty throughout the entire advance, as well as on the battle-field of Chickamauga.

Colonel E. M. McCook, commanding the First Division, as well as Colonels Campbell, Long, and Ray, brigade commanders, deserve a full share of the praise awarded to the cavalry. I must here tender my thanks to Major Sinclair, Lieutenant-Colonel Gwynne, Captains McCormick and Warner, and Lieutenants Osgood, Rankin, Hose, Greenwood, and Arthur, members of my staff, for the gallant manner in which they each and every one discharged their duty.

I must, in conclusion, say that there was never work more opportunely done on the battle-field than the work of the cavalry on the 20th of September at Chickamauga.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Cavalry.

Brig. General JAMES A. GARFIELD, U. S. Army,

Chief of Staff, &amp;c.

Numbers 215.

Report of Colonel Edward M. McCook, Second Indiana Cavalry, commanding First Division, Cavalry Corps.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST, CAVALRY DIVISION, Bridgeport, Ala., September 30, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to forward a report of the operations of this division in the engagement at Crawfish Spring, Ga., on the 19th and 20th instant, together with a brief minute of its marches, &c., since crossing the Tennessee River and prior to the dates mentioned above.

On the 3rd instant, the division left its bivouac at Caperton's Ferry, crossing the pontoon bridge and ascending Sand Mountain; arrived that night at a small spring run in Lookout Valley.

