
September 4.-Marched into Will's Valley, encamping at Allen's house, 4 miles from Valley Head, Ala.

September 5.-The First Brigade, Colonel Campbell commanding, proceeded on a reconnaissance down the valley, destroyed rebel saltworks, and took some few straggling rebel soldiers prisoners. Detachment of the Fourth Kentucky Cavalry, Major Welling commanding, sent across Lookout Mountain; at Davenport Gap, came up with the enemy at the eastern crest and charging, captured the enemy's picket, 13 in number.

September 6.-Supply train arriving, issues were made.

September 7.-In camp.

September 8.-Sent back train with guard to Big Will's Valley.

September 9.-Left Allen's house at daylight, ascending Lookout Mountain at Winston's Gap, and found the eastern descent blockaded by felled trees. After a spirited skirmish with the enemy's cavalry we gained possession of the town of Alpine at the foot of the mountain and bivouacked.

September 10.-Detachments were sent on all the roads to reconnoiter; the Third Brigade, First Division, with part of the Second Division, encountered a small force of rebel cavalry on the Summerville road. The First Brigade, First Division, proceeded as far as the Chattooga River on Rome road and found nothing of importance.

September 11.-Reconnaissance of the division on Rome road to Melville; discovered a large force of infantry and artillery at the junction of Chattooga and Coosa Rivers.

September 12.-Marched at daylight, returning to Alpine; received orders to proceed at once on the La Fayette road; marched as far as and across Chattooga River; encountering Wheeler's cavalry command, drove them for some distance. Returned to Summerville and bivouacked, communicating with General Crook on Broomtown Valley road.

September 13.-Advanced again to the Chattooga River with whole command. The Fourth Indiana Cavalry being sent across the river, discovered a large column of the enemy's cavalry, infantry, and artillery moving to our left; crossed over to Broomtown Valley, joining General Crook, and returned to camp at Alpine.

September 14.-Reascended Lookout Mountain through Henderson's Gap and encamped on Yellow Fork of Little River.

September 15.-Marched to Allen's Spring in Little Will's Valley.

September 16.-Marched through Winston's Gap across Lookout Mountain to Dougherty's Gap and bivouacked in McLemore's Cove.

September 17.-Moved 5 miles to Cedar Grove Church.

September 18.-Moved 7 miles to Blue Bird Gap.

September 19.-The Second Brigade with our train was attacked near Crawfish Spring by the enemy's cavalry and artillery, and after about an hour's heavy skirmishing, repulsed them. I afterward received orders to distribute my command as follows: Colonel Campbell, with two regiments of his brigade, in Dry Valley to protect ammunition and supply trains; the Second Indiana Cavalry immediately on the left of Colonel Wilder's mounted infantry, and the remainder of the division in front and on the left of Crawfish Spring.

September 20.-Part of the division only was with me personally, and was formed in the following manner: The Ninth Pennsylvania on the left, the First Wisconsin on the right, and the Second Indiana in reserve. The rest of the division acted under the immediate super-

