
vision of the general commanding the corps, farther to the right. Our line of skirmishers connected with the mounted infantry, who were on the right of our infantry. The enemy's cavalry was in our front during the whole day, in line of battle on the other side of Chickamauga. My orders were not to cross, but during the whole day the skirmishing was continuous and at times heavy. About 3 o'clock in the afternoon General McCook's adjutant-general met me with and order for all the cavalry to come up at once, as the mounted infantry had been compelled to fall back, and the enemy was turning his right. I immediately started on a gallop with the First Wisconsin and Ninth Pennsylvania Regiments, and after proceeding one-quarter mile, Captain McCormick, of General Mithcell's staff, overtook me and ordered me back to the right to re-enforce the rest of the command, as the enemy had attacked in force and were pressing us hard. I moved back and formed a line in front of Crawfish Spring. My division covered the withdrawal of the trains to Chattanooga, and although isolated and almost surrounded by the enemy's infantry and cavalry, accomplished it in good order, and without the loss of a wagon, bringing off also all the cavalry wounded. None of our cavalry moved from the field of Chickamauga until after General Mitchell had ascertained that the infantry lines on our left had been entirely broken, and the safety of all our trains had been assured.

On the morning of the 21st, in pursuance of orders, I sent the Second Michigan to Chattanooga as an escort to the ammunition and supply trains brought off the day previous from Crawfish Spring. I then proceeded, with the balance of the division, to Dry Valley for the purpose of opening communication with the right of the main line of the army, which was, up to this time, broken or imperfectly established, and also to hold the gap through Missionary Ridge, as it had become evident that the enemy intended forcing a passage to our right in the direction of Chattanooga. The First Brigade was disposed upon the right of my line, and with the Second Brigade I connected my line with that of General McCook's right, sending one regiment from this brigade [the Second Indiana] to hold a road leading from the main Crawfish road through Wood's Gap, and intersecting the Chattanooga road between that place and Rossville. After forming this line I communicated personally with Major-General Thomas, and reported the disposition of my force. Skirmishing was kept up continuously at different points during the day, and the design of the enemy to gain possession of Chattanooga Valley successfully frustrated. About 4 p.m. long and heavy columns of dust indicated that a large force was massing in my front and upon the right of the infantry line, and an hour later a more determined attempt was made to force my position. The enemy were promptly repulsed by the First Wisconsin and Second East Tennessee. During the night I sent one squadron of the Second Indiana and one squadron of the First Wisconsin to reconnoiter in front as far as the Crawfish road. This battalion passed through the lines of the enemy and proceeded as far as the field hospital, near the spring, where they learned that General Bragg and escort had left a short time before.

On the morning of the 22nd, I received orders to fall back, covering the retreat of the army upon Chattanooga. I immediately ordered Colonel Campbell to move the First Brigade up the Chattanooga Valley road in the direction of Chattanooga, covering the rear with the First Wisconsin. An officer from my staff was dis-

