
A D D E N D A .

Itinerary of the First Cavalry Division.*

September 15.-Descended the mountain into Will's Valley, encamping again at 4 miles from Valley Head, Ala.

September 17.-Reascended, with the First and Second Brigades, Lookout Mountain at Winston's Gap [Third Brigade being left at Winston's Gap]. Crossed to Dougherty's Gap, and, descending, bivouacked at head of McLemore's Cove.

September 18.-Moved 5 miles, to Cedar Grove. Same date moved to Blue Bird Gap.

September 19.-Moved to Crawfish Spring, in which direction heavy musketry and cannonading was heard. Near Crawfish Spring the Second Brigade, with the train, was attacked by the enemy's cavalry in large force. One hour's fighting found them repulsed. Disposition of this division was made under the orders of General Mitchell, acting chief of cavalry, for the morrow's continuance of the battle of this date.

September 20.-The division joined the right wing of Major-General McCook's Corps, which was hotly engaged from 10 a.m., and the Second Cavalry Division on the right. The enemy was constantly pressing us in front. General McCook was apparently being overpowered. General Crook, with the Second Cavalry Division, was in hot and close engagement on the right, when it was discovered that the former had been obliged to fall back, and that the enemy were between our left and main army. Communicating with General Mitchell, he ordered, after observation, the falling back to Chickamauga Valley, which was accomplished safely, all transportation of the cavalry and Twentieth Army Corps being brought over without the loss of a wagon. Marched to bivouac 7 miles from Chattanooga.

September 21.-In position in Dry Valley, communicating with the right of the army at Rossville. Enemy constantly pressing our line to force a passage, but were repulsed.

September 22.-Under orders from General Mitchell, retired from the position at Dry Valley. Sent the Second Indiana Cavalry, via Rossville, to keep up communication with the infantry, and fell back to Chattanooga. The Second Indiana Cavalry was warmly engaged with the enemy's cavalry and artillery. Arrived at Chattanooga, crossed Tennessee River, joined by the Third Brigade, which had marched from Winston's with its train and suffered severely. The losses of the division in the campaign amount to 265 killed, wounded, and missing. Crossed the Tennessee River and remained in bivouac.

September 25.-On the north side of the river, when, crossing Walden's Ridge, the division marched to Bridgeport, arriving September 27.

Numbers 216.

Report of Colonel Archibald P. Campbell, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, commanding First Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, Camp near Stevenson, Ala., September 30, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with orders received from the colonel commanding, I have the honor to report the operations of this brigade since leaving Stevenson, Ala., September 3.

---------------

*From return for September.

---------------

