
The Second Michigan Cavalry having been detached and sent to Bridgeport, I marched with the balance of my brigade, First East Tennessee and Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry. I marched at daylight from Caperton's Spring up Sand Mountain, thence across the mountain on the direct road to the head of Will's Valley, a distance of 22 miles. My pickets took 2 prisoners.

September 4.- Marched at daylight through Winston's Gap, 3 miles into Little Will's Valley at Valley Head, thence down the valley 4 miles to Allen's farm. My pickets took 2 prisoners.

September 5.-Ordered on a scout; proceeded to 1 mile south of Rawlingsville, where I met some rebel cavalry; Lieutenant-Colonel Brownlow, First East Tennessee Cavalry, charged them 2 miles through a heavy cloud of dust, but failed to capture them and they fled. I then proceeded to Lebanon, which place I found evacuated the night before by the enemy. I then returned to Allen's farm, having marched in all 28 miles.

September 9.-Marched at daylight up Little Will's Valley to Winston's Gap, through the gap across Lookout Mountain to Henderson's Gap, thence down the gap or mountain to Alpine, Ga., where we bivouacked for the night, having marched 18 miles over mountain roads.

September 10.-Marched to Melville, on the Rome road, on a scouting expedition, took 4 prisoners and obtained valuable information of the enemy's movements; returned to Alpine, making a march of 15 miles.

September 11.-Marched at 12 m. to Melville and sent out scouts within 12 miles of Rome, who ascertained that a large force of the enemy were encamped 6 miles north of that place; also sent scouts to Galesville, 13 miles, and found no enemy.

September 12.-Returned to Alpine, where I received orders to join General Crook's division and proceed toward La Fayette. After marching 12 miles up Broomtown Valley I camped for the night.

September 13.-Marched at 6 a.m. toward La Fayette; 5 miles from that place I encountered the enemy's pickets and skirmished with them 1 mile, when I ordered the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry to charge the enemy in column, leading the charge in person, which they obeyed most gallantly, capturing 18 prisoners from the grand guard of the enemy's infantry. The Ninth Pennsylvania and First East Tennessee and Second Michigan Cavalry pressed on rapidly a short distance and found the enemy in large force with artillery, who fired a number of volleys, killing 2 men and wounding 3. I immediately formed my command in line to charge the rebels, but at that moment received orders from General Crook to return, that the enemy was in our rear, and that, the object of the reconnaissance being effected, I should make no further demonstrations with my brigade, and in compliance with these orders I returned to Alpine.

September 14.-Marched up Lookout Mountain through Henderson's Gap and encamped at Little River.

September 15.-Marched to Allen's farm in Will's Valley, 12 miles.

September 16.-Marched through Winston's Gap across Lookout Mountain to Dougherty's Gap, and camped in McLemore's Cove, 18 miles.

September 17.-Moved 5 miles to Cedar Grove Church.

September 18.-Moved 7 miles to Bailey's Cross-Roads.

September 19.-Marched via Pond Spring to Crawfish Spring. A slight skirmish occurred on our right flank, but without loss. The

