
enemy's skirmishers retreated rapidly. The Second Michigan Cavalry skirmished the enemy in front and to the right of Crawfish Spring during the afternoon, driving the enemy across Chickamauga River, holding the fords.

September 20.-In accordance with orders from the general commanding, I occupied the crest of the ridge, 1 mile to the rear and to the right of Crawfish Spring, with the First East Tennessee and Fourth Indiana Cavalry. The Second Michigan Cavalry skirmished during the day in front of Crawfish Spring, driving and being driven by the enemy with slight loss, and the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry of my command was to the left of Crawfish Spring and was not seriously attacked. At 3 p.m. the discovery was made that the cavalry command was not in communication with any other part of the army, and a part of my brigade, consisting of the First East Tennessee and Fourth Indiana Cavalry, was ordered to Chattanooga Valley, to hold any enemy that should attempt to approach Chattanooga by that route. Upon arriving in that valley I found that General McCook's corps was driven back in disorder and that the right flank of the army had been turned. I formed a regiment of infantry and a battery of artillery in the valley beside my two cavalry regiments, and kept my line of battle across the valley until the whole wagon train and column of wounded soldiers had passed on toward Chattanooga. At dusk, in accordance with orders from the general commanding, I sent the Second Michigan Cavalry as a guard with the wagon train to Chattanooga, and with the balance of my command bivouacked 6 miles from Chattanooga.

September 22.-The Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry and First East Tennessee were ordered to Chattanooga at daylight, and in pursuance of orders from General Mitchel, the Second Indiana and First Wisconsin Cavalry reported to me for duty. I marched 2 miles toward Crawfish Spring, and met the enemy's pickets. The Second Indiana passed a few shots among them and proceeded along Missionary Ridge toward Chattanooga, and the First Wisconsin Cavalry marched down the valley toward the same place. Upon nearing Chattanooga the Second Indiana was attacked by the enemy, and a brisk skirmish ensued. I immediately went to their support with the First Wisconsin Cavalry, but having to march this regiment by file along a narrow path of the mountain, in the face of the enemy and a continuous fire from the enemy's artillery, I did not reach the Second Indiana until they had commenced driving the enemy, but with the aid of our artillery the rebels were driven out of sight by the Second Indiana Cavalry. I was then ordered to cross the Tennessee River without delay, which I did at the ford.

September 25.-In compliance with orders from the general commanding, I marched at 10 p.m. with the First East Tennessee Cavalry and Ninth Pennsylvania and Fourth and Sixth Kentucky Regiments of Cavalry to Bridgeport, via Jasper, and arrived 11 a.m. next day.

September 27.-Marched to Stevenson and camped at Pond Spring, throwing out patrols and pickets along the river from Cox's Ferry to Bellefonte.

September 28.-I directed Colonel Cooper to march with the Fourth and Sixth Kentucky Cavalry to Bellefonte, at 2 a.m. At 11 a.m. I received a dispatch from him, saying that the enemy were crossing the river in that vicinity on rafts. I immediately marched with the Ninth Pennsylvania and First East Tennessee Cavalry to prevent

