
their crossing. But after marching 6 miles toward that point I received a second dispatch from Colonel Cooper,saying that he had driven the enemy back across the river in great haste,killing 1 of their number. No further demonstrations being made, I returned with my command to Pump Spring,near Stevenson. Ala.

List of casualties is as follows: Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, 2 privates killed, 3 wounded at la Fayette; First East, Tennessee Cavalry, 1 private missing; Second Michigan Cavalry, 1 private killed, 6 wounded at Crawfish Spring.

Very respectfully submitted.

Your most obedient servant,

A. P. CAMPBELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps.

No. 217.

Report of Major Leonidas S. Scranton, Second Michigan Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND MICHIGAN CAVALRY, Winchester, Tenn., November 3, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the operations of this regiment for the month of September, 1863.

The 1st of the month found us bivouacked on the left bank of the Tennessee River opposite Bridgeport,having forded the river and scouted up as far as the Running Water on the last days of the last month.

September 2, ascended Raccoon Mountain at Moore's Gap and scouted out 12 miles and back; 3rd, marched to Caperton's Ferry, 18 miles; 4th,crossed Raccoon Mountain to Winston's,near Valley Head; 5th, moved up Little Will's Valley 5 miles and joined the brigade; 6th,7th, and 8th,at same place;Privates Henry Edding and Martin Degroot straggled from camp and were captured; 9th,crossed the Lookout Mountain to Alpine, Ga.; 10th,scouted toward Rome 6 miles and back; 11th,scouted to same point and remained until near morning;12th,returned to Alpine and marched out toward la Fayette, 10 miles; Private Bernard Bourassa,missing,having stopped to attend to calls of nature,was not seen or heard from after; marched 16 miles; 13th,advanced to within a short distance of La Fayette. The Ninth Pennsylvania being in advance,drove the enemy's pickets 4 miles,when they encountered a strong force in a strong position. This regiment was ordered forward to cover the field while the wounded were removed,then covered the retreat, taking several prisoners; marched back to Alpine; 14th,moved to the summit of Lookout Mountain,8 miles; 15th,recrossed the Lookout Mountain again to McLemore's Cove, 16 miles; 17th,moved 4 miles down the cove; 18th, First Battalion scouted to Blue Bird Gap,found the enemy in possession of the gap; 19th, moved down the cove and joined the infantry line at Pond Spring,remained in line two hours,then moved briskly down to Crawfish Spring; was there detached from the brigade, scouted southeasterly to the fords on the Chickamauga at Bird's Mill and Morgan's place; remained

