
on picket during the night 1 mile from the fords,marched 16 miles, the enemy in sight more or less all day,and fired some shots at long range,but we wasted no powder;the enemy made a dash on our train,but we sustained no damage; 20th,moved forward at daylight and drove the enemy's pickets over the ford at Bird's Mill, Companies D, I, C, M as skirmishers,the Third Battalion as support; this detachment,except Companies D and I,remained to guard this for. Companies C and M remaining close to the ford and exchanging shots with rebels continually; Private Patrick Dooley was here wounded.

The First Battalion was formed three-quarters of a mile to the west and fronting south,as support to Companies H and L guarding the other ford, while the other detachment fronted east.

Remained in these positions until about 10 a.m.,when the enemy, having planted a battery on a high bank on the opposite side of the stream just to the right and nearly in line with the skirmishers of the first detachment,opened grape and canister,driving the skirmishers back to the support and all back to a more secure position. Our artillery having now come up,an artillery duel ensued. The enemy having now crossed the stream,this detachment,consisting of 100 men,was ordered to drive them back again,but were themselves soon driven back by the enfilading fire of enemy's artillery on the right,and the flank fire of their musketry from the woods on the left. As we fell back we were met by other regiments moving forward to form on our left,when we again advanced,forming the right of the whole line. The line on the left of us,with one company of the detachment,after a sharp engagement which reached only part way on our front,gave way, and had fallen back 300 or 400 yards,when the detachment retreated under a sharp flank fire of the enemy. At the edge it was halted,but, finding no support,fell back,halting frequently,to the led horses. In the meantime,the First Battalion had been ordered back, but Companies A and F, not hearing the order, still remained in their position, and were enabled to punish those of the enemy that, in their position, and were enabled ventured into the woods. Companies H and L passed farther to the west and joined the regiment at Crawfish Spring. Joined the brigade at Crawfish Spring,and, with the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, covered the retreat into Chattanooga Valley. From there guarded the train into Chattanooga, arriving there at 3 a.m. of 21st.

Casualties of this day: Captain Hawley,acting assistant

inspector-general on General Stanley's staff,supposed to be killed; Lieutenant Ranney, assistant surgeon, captured; Sergeant Loomis and Private W. W. Wright, Company A, slightly wounded; Private Thomas O'Brien, Company E, missing; Private James M. McCullough, Company F, slightly wounded; Private Thaddeus L. Waters, Company G, prisoner; Corpl. James Burt, same company,slightly wounded; Sergt. Albert M. Spaulding and Private Patrick Dooley, Company M, severely wounded.

On 21st, crossed the river and went to the Harrison's Ferry, 14 miles above Chattanooga; 22nd to 27th, guarded ferries and fords from the Harrison Ferry to Thatcher's Ferry, 15 miles. [From] there up Company I made a scout on the 22nd to Ooltewah, 10 miles distant, on the enemy's side of the river. Corporal Cook, of that company, severely wounded. Company L made a scout on the 25th farther up on the same side. Sergt. Job Reynolds and Private Nathan Jenne, Company B, and Private G. Carlisle, Company E,

