
were taken prisoners while doing some blacksmithing; 28th, marched to Chattanooga, 14 miles; 29th, marched over Walden's Ridge to Rankin's Ferry, 25 miles; 30th, at Rankin's Ferry.

Recapitulation of casualties: Commissioned officers, 2; Captain Hawley, probably killed, and Lieutenant Ranney, assistant surgeon, prisoner. Enlisted men, prisoners,9; wounded, 7.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. SCRANTON,

Major, Commanding Second Michigan Cavalry.

Lieutenant E. HOYT, Jr.,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brig., 1st Div., Cav. Corps.

No. 218.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Roswell M. Russell, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS NINTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY, Winchester, Tenn., November 3, 1863.

COLONEL: In compliance with your directions, I hereby submit the following report of the marches, skirmishes, &amp;c., of the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, during the month of September, 1863:

Shortly after daylight, September 3, I left Caperton's Spring, Ala., with ten companies of my command, and, crossing Raccoon Mountain, encamped for the night at a point on the Trenton road equidistant between that place and Lebanon.

At sunrise of the 4th, left camp on Trenton road, and went into camp at 8.30 a.m. 4 miles south of Valley Head.

September 5.-Left camp at 8.30 on a scout to Lebanon, 15 miles distant, and returned to camp at 9 p.m.

September 9.-Left camp at daylight, and crossing Lookout Mountain, encamped at 9 p.m. near Alpine, Ga.

September 10.-Left camp near Alpine, and marched to melville, 8 miles distant. From that place (by order of Colonel Campbell, commanding brigade) I sent a squadron, in command of Major Savage, to reconnoiter the Rome road as far as the crossing of the Oostanaula River. On the return of Major Savage, the command moved back to Alpine.

At noon of the 11th, left camp near Alpine, and advanced on the Rome road as far as Melville, where the command was halted until 3 a.m. of the 12th, when it returned to Alpine.

At 11 a.m., September 12, left camp near Alpine, and moved out on the La Fayette road, encamping at 7 p.m. near Valley Store, 7 miles south of La Fayette.

September 13.-Resumed the march to La Fayette. When about 3 miles from that place, my advance guard, consisting of Companies A, C, and E, under command of Captain Porter, came in sight of the enemy's vedettes and advanced picket posts. The enemy, when pressed, fell back upon his reserves, until sufficiently strong to offer a show of resistance, and then delivered a volley into my line of skirmishers on the left, killing one man of Company E. He then fell back, and occupied the crest of a knoll, densely covered with underbrush. On reaching this point the enemy again opened a severe fire. Colonel Campbell now directed me to push forward a

