
squadron to re-enforce the skirmishers and clear the road. In compliance therewith I ordered two companies, H and F, under Major Savage, to charge. The command was promptly obeyed; but the charge met with a momentary check by the complete obscurity of the road, caused by clouds of dust concealing a deep gully running across the road, which tripped the horses and dismounted the first set of fours. The debris of horses and men removed, the charge was continued; but had not advanced more than 200 yards when the enemy opened a withering enfilading fire, killing 1 man, mortally wounding 2 others, and disabling 8 horses. Captain Shrive, of Company H, had 2 horses shot under him; Lieutenant Shuman and Jordon, each, 1. Following closely with the balance of the regiment, upon the heels of the battalion engaged, and finding Major Savage recalling his men, the road encumbered with his prisoners (18 in number), and the enemy still keeping up a rapid fire, at close range, I ordered the fences to be torn down on both sides of the road. The deploying the regiment, I was slowly driving the enemy from his cover, when orders were received to withdraw and form on the flanks of the Second Michigan Cavalry, then being deployed on foot across the road. Shortly after the whole command fell back to Alpine, which it reached at 9 p.m.

September 14.-Left camp at 8 a.m., marched to and encamped for the night near Little River, on the table-land of Lookout Mountain.

September 15.-Left camp near Little River at 8 a.m. as escort to cavalry division train, reaching camp near Valley Head, in Will's Valley, at 5 p.m.

September 16.-Moved out of camp at noon and, crossing Lookout Mountain,encamped in McLemore's Cove, at the foot of Dougherty's Gap, at 5 p.m.

September 17.-Left camp at 3 p.m. and halted for the night at Cedar Grove.

September 18.-Left camp at Cedar Grove at 2 p.m.; encamped at 8 p.m. near Bailey's Cross-Roads.

September 19.-Left camp at sunrise and moved in line of battle along the left of Crawfish Spring road until reaching Cowan's Ford, on the Chickamauga Creek. At this point I was ordered to cross the creek and disperse a squad of rebel cavalry posted in the edge of a corn-field.

On the approach of the two companies, under the command of Captain Lengsdorf, sent in compliance with this order, and to reconnoiter and adjacent wood, the enemy fired a volley and hastily retreated. On the return of Captain Longsdorf the command recrossed the Chickamauga, halting at Crawfish Spring. About 4 p.m. I was ordered to take position along the western bank of the Chickamauga,with instructions and keeping up communication between the right of General Wilder's mounted brigade and my left. This position I held (with occasional exchanges of shots with the enemy) until 3 p.m. of the 20th September, when I was ordered by General Mitchell to push my regiment at a trot along the old Chattanooga road and open communication, if possible, with General Sheridan.

Proceeding about 2 miles I found the enemy strongly posted upon the crest of a hill around which the road passed, and which his artillery completely commanded. Whilst making the necessary dispositions to ascertain the strength an length of his line for the pur-

