
pose of forcing or turning it, I received orders from General Mitchell to return immediately to Crawfish Spring. Reporting to Colonel E. M. McCook, commanding Second Division, I was ordered to remain with my regiment in rear of the column and keep the enemy in check. Shortly after leaving Crawfish Spring a body of rebel cavalry made a dash on my rear guard, in command of Major Kimmel, but was instantly repulsed, and I proceeded without further, annoyance to a point on the Chattanooga and ---- road, going into camp at midnight.

September 22.-Left camp at daylight and entered Chattanooga at 8 a.m. Here I remained until 6 p.m., when I crossed the Tennessee River, the command going into camp on the bank of the river opposite the town.

September 24.-Left camp opposite Chattanooga at 7 p.m., encamping near Sevely Springs, 6 miles from Chattanooga.

September 25.-Left camp near Sevely Springs at 9 p.m., making a forced march, by Haley's Trace, to Bridgeport at 7 a.m. encamped near noon at Pump Spring, Ala.

September 28.-I was ordered to proceed with my regiment to Bellefonte and re-enforce Colonel Cooper, commanding Third Brigade. When within 4 miles of Bellefonte received orders to encamp for the night convenient to forage. Returned to Pump Spring early on the morning of the 29th.

Very respectfully,

R. M. FUSSELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Colonel A. P. CAMPBELL,

Comdg.1st Brig.,1st Div. Cavalry, Winchester, Tenn.

No. 219.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel James P. Brownlow, First Tennessee Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST TENNESSEE CAVALRY, Winchester, Tenn., November 3, 1863.

LIEUTENANT:I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of the First Tennessee Cavalry for the months of September and October:

After crossing the Tennessee River on the 1st of September, we encamped at Caperton's Spring, Ala. Squadrons F and G, ordered to report to General Jeff. C. Davis for picket, were placed in advance of a reconnoitering party, and after skirmishing with the enemy's advance for some time, drove them into and through Trenton, Ga., without any loss.

On the 4th,crossed Sand Mountain; encamped in Wills' Valley, 4 miles from Valley Head.

On the 5th, in advance of the First Brigade, we moved on the Will's Valley road in the direction of Lebanon, and after skirmishing with the enemy for a distance of 3 miles, drove them several miles beyond the town and returned to camp.

