
On the 9th, crossed Lookout Mountain and entered Alpine, ga. The entire command stood picket on the night of the 9th, and on the 10th remained in line of battle.

On the 11th, with the brigade, we proceeded to Chattanooga River. Here I was ordered to make a scout in the direction of Rome, Ga.

After proceeding 5 miles i divided the command, sending a portion in command of Majors Dyer and Flagg on the main road, in which direction they proceeded as far as the Narrows, within 10 miles of Rome, where they drove in the pickets, capturing and destroying all the arms and equipments of one company. I proceeded with the other battalion, in command of Major Thornbrugh, to the main road leading from Rome to Dalton as far as Dirt Town, within 10 miles of Rome. This move was made in between the divisions of Generals Forrest and Wharton.

After skirmishing with the enemy for two hours I captured 4 prisoners, from whom I gained very valuable information, and returned to camp with my entire command at midnight without the loss of a man in killed,wounded, or missing.

On the 12th, we returned to Alpine.

on the 13th, we proceeded to La Fayette, Ga., where our brigade engaged the enemy; here I was shelled by the enemy at short range for some time, and returned with the rest of Campbell's brigade as a rear guard to Alpine.

On the 14th,left Alpine and bivouacked on Lookout Mountain; 15th, returned to Will's Valley; 16th, recrossed Lookout Mountain into McLemore's Cove; 17th,proceeded to Cedar Grove; 18th and 19th, moved to Crawfish Spring, and remained in line of battle till the evening of the 20th, when we fell back, to guard the Chattanooga Valley road, where we remained in line of battle until 10 p.m. of the 20th, at which time we fell back to within 5 miles of Chattanooga.

On the 21st, advanced 4 miles in the direction of Chickamauga, and remained in line of battle until the morning of the 22nd, when we fell back into Chattanooga; remained in line of battle till evening, when we crossed the Tennessee River.

On the night of the 25th, we crossed Walden's Ridge, and proceeded to Caperton's Ferry, Ala.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. P. BROWNLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant E. HOYT, Jr.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

No. 220.

Report of Colonel Daniel M. Ray, Second Tennessee Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, Bridgeport, Ala., September 30, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by my brigade in the several skirmishes during the recent march from the time of

---------------

*For remainder of this report,see Wheeler and Roddey's Raid, Part II,p.680.

---------------

