
crossing the Tennessee River on the 2nd instant, to the time of our arrival at Chattanooga.

We crossed the river on the 2nd day of September, and moved in the direction of Winston's Gap, arriving at that place on the 6th. Here we left our extra horses, wagons,&amp;c., and crossed the mountain into Broomtown Valley.

My brigade was not actively engaged with the enemy during the march, although supporting the First Brigade in several sharp skirmishes. We returned to Winston's and remained in camp one day and moved with our transportation up the mountain to McLemore's Cove, arriving the head of the cove on the night of the 18th.

On the morning of the 19th, we marched in the rear or First Brigade down the cove and met the division supply train near Stevens' Gap. Soon after crossing West Chickamauga Creek, about 1 mile from Stevens' Gap, the rear of the supply train was attacked by the enemy's cavalry, consisting of about four regiments and two pieces of artillery. The Second Indiana Cavalry, under command of Major Presdee, being in the rear, immediately formed in line and repulsed the first attack.

The First Wisconsin Cavalry and the Fourth Indiana Cavalry were sent to support the Second Indiana Cavalry, and after a spirited skirmish of about one hour repulsed the enemy and brought the train through in safety.

on the morning of the 20th, the brigade was formed in line near Crawfish Spring and continued skirmishing with the enemy until 4 o'clock, when we were ordered to fall back to Dry Valley.

On the morning of the 21st, I was ordered to send a detachment to open communication with Major-General McCook near Rossville, which was accomplished about 10 a.m. My brigade was formed as follows: First Wisconsin on the left flank, Second Indiana left of center, Second East Tennessee on the left of First Brigade, Fourth Indiana on a reserve to support Lieutenant Newell's battery. About 10 o'clock a sharp skirmish commenced on the left of the line, and a strong effort was made by the enemy to cut off communication between us and the infantry. The attack was promptly repelled by the First Wisconsin, and after two or three attempts, the enemy retired. We remained at this point until daylight the next morning, when we fell back to Chattanooga with the Fourth Indiana and Second East Tennessee. The Second Indiana and First Wisconsin were under the immediate command of Brigadier-General Mitchell on the morning of the 22nd, and I cannot report the result of the skirmish during the retreat.

The following is the report of the casualties:*

I am under many obligations to regimental commanders and officers for the prompt and energetic manner with which they obeyed all orders given, and especially to the soldiers for their bravery and endurance during the long and tedious march.

I am also under obligations to my staff for the promptness with which they executed my orders during the different engagements, also my orderlies for their bravery in carrying dispatches.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

D. M. RAY,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Colonel E. M. McCOOK,

Commanding Cavalry Division.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted; see revised statement, p.178.

---------------

