
ADDENDA.

Itinerary of the Second Brigade, for September, 1863.*

September 2.-The brigade left Larkinsville and crossed Tennessee River; passed though Trenton, and arrived at Winston's Gap, Valey Head, Ga.

September 7.-Crossed the mountain to Alpine, and went toward La Fayette. Found the enemy in force with cavalry, infantry, and artillery. Had several skirmishes and fell back to Valley Head.

September 17.-Went up the mountain road to McLemore's Cove and passed down Dougherty's Gap to the head of the cove.

September 18.-Met the wagon train at Stevens' Gap. Sent the Second East Tennessee Cavalry to the top of the mountain to hold the gap until Colonel Post's brigade, of Davis' division, should arrive. When about 6 miles from Stevens' Gap the wagon train was attacked by six regiments of the enemy's cavalry, with two small howitzers. The Second Indiana Cavalry, acting as rear guard, held the enemy in check until re-enforced by the First Wisconsin and Fourth Indiana, when the enemy fell back across the Chickamauga Creek, and the train was brought to Crawfish Spring.

September 19.-Skirmished all day.

September 20.-Skirmishing, and, being cut off from the main column of infantry, fell back to the foot of Lookout Mountain, and went into camp at Rocky Ford. At daylight went out on the Rossville road and were attacked on the right, about noon, but the First Wisconsin repulsed the enemy. At 2 a.m. we fell back toward Chattanooga. Severe skirmishing with the enemy.

September 22.-Crossed the river.

September 25.-Marched to Bridgeport, Ala., with transportation.

No. 221.

Report of Major David A. Briggs, Second Indiana Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND INDIANA CAVALRY, Winchester, Tenn., November 7, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the late campaign:

Leaving larkinsville on the 31st of August, 1863, and moving southward, crossing the river on the 2nd September, 1863, and proceeding in the direction of Alpine, Ga.,arriving at the foot of Lookout Mountain on the 9th, formed by regiment in line of battle and moved in the direction of Rome, Ga.

On the 11th, I sent Company M, of my regiment, on a reconnaissance toward Summerville, Ga. They finding nothing to excite suspicion, the command moved on the 12th 4 miles beyond Summerville and returned to Alpine. Then recrossing one day. Again taking up line of march proceeded across Lookout Mountain in the direction of Stevens' Gap, where we arrived on the 17th September.

On the 18th, moved out to Davis' Cross-Roads, where I found the Thirty-ninth Indiana posted.

---------------

*From return for September.

---------------

