
On the 19th, moved in the direction of Crawfish Spring; when I arrived to within 3 miles of the spring, I found my regiment, together with the division supply train, had been cut off by the enemy from the main column. I then sent Sergeant Edwards, of Company B, with one other, with a dispatch to the main column stating my situation and asking for relief. The sergeant delivered the dispatch, although a dangerous undertaking, being exposed to the enemy's fire from all sides. I ordered Company K, Captain Barr commanding, to the r ear of the train to guard it, at the same time dismounting Companies A, C, D,and sending them to the front and right of the road; deploying Company M on the right flank to protect the train on that side; Companies E, F, H, I in the center. In this manner I held my position until assistance arrived, saving the train, supplies, &amp;c. I have to thank both the officers and men of my command for the coolness, daring, and bravery which they exhibited on this occasion.

On the 20th instant, my regiment was held in reserve for a saber charge on the enemy; 21st, moved forward in the direction of Chattanooga, skirmishing continually with the enemy.

In these three days' engagements I had 1 man killed, of Company L, and 4 wounded, 2 of Company E, 1 Company F, and 1 Company L.*

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient,

DAVID A. BRIGGS,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel D. M. RAY,

Commanding Brigade.

No. 222.

Report of Major George H. Purdy, Fourth Indiana Cavalry.

MAJOR: On the 2nd of September, 1863, the Second and Third Battalions, under Colonel John A. Platter, crossed the Tennessee River and camped for the night.

On the morning of the 3rd, the command marched to the foot of the mountains, having in charge the wagon train of the Second Cavalry Brigade; the horses were tied and fed, and dismounted [men] were sent to assist the train.

The 5th and 6th were spent in getting the train over the mountain. On the 7th,the command descended the mountain and camped near a large spring, 4 miles from Valley Head, where it remained until the morning of the 9th. While at this camp Colonel J. A. Platter sent his resignation papers to headquarters department.

On the 9th, Colonel Platter, Adjutant Anderson, Chaplain Hendricks, and a number of Non-commissioned officers and privates were sent to hospital sick. We were also joined at this place by Lieutenant Young with a party of men, having in charge about 45 horses. At an early hour the command crossed the mountain and entered Alpine, and marched in line of battle for several miles, when night

---------------

*For remainder of report, see Wheeler and Roddey's Raid, Part II, p.681.

---------------

