
came on and the command returned to Alpine and went in camp; 10th, scouted toward Rome, Ga., but found no enemy; returned to camp, distance 12 miles; 11th, on picket 6 miles east of Alpine; 12th, marched to Summerville, Ga., distance 12 miles; 13th, marched 5 miles east to Summerville, skirmishing with the enemy, drove them 4 miles (Companies F and G in advance); lost 1 man in Company G mortally wounded and left at private house near 4 miles from Summerville. The command then returned to Alpine, accompanied by the First Battalion, under Major J. P. Lesslie; 15th, recrossed mountains to Valley Head and went in camp (12 miles); 16th, crossed over Lookout Mountain and camped in McLemore's Cove; 17th, marched toward La Fayette, 6 miles, and camped; 18th, marched 3 miles near Blue Bird Gap and stood in line of battle all night; 19th, marched toward Gum Spring, had a skirmish with the rebels, lost 2 men missing; 20th, regiment stood in line of battle all morning, changing position several times. At 1 o'clock fell back 6 miles toward Chattanooga, and stood in line of battle till 8 o'clock, when the command again fell back to Chattanooga Valley; 21st, remained in line all day and night; 22nd, fell back to Chattanooga, remained a short time near the city, then forded the river and camped opposite Chattanooga. Private Ed. Hurst accidentally shot himself. In line of battle all night; 23rd, in line all day; 24th, went back to wagon train, 3 miles in the rear; 25th, in camp all day; 26th, crossed the mountain and camped in Sequatchie Valley; 27th, remained in camp all day waiting for train to get down the mountain; 28th, marched to Bridgeport, distance 20 miles; 29th and 30th, remained in camp at Bridgeport.*

G. H. PURDY,

Major, Commanding Fourth Indiana Cavalry.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General Cavalry Corps.

No. 223.

Report of Lieutenant William G. Anderson, Adjutant Fourth Indiana Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH INDIANA CAVALRY, Paint Rock Bridge, Ala., August 25, 1863.

SIR: Under instructions from Colonel Platter, I would respectfully report that Major Lesslie returned last evening from the scout to Deposit and Tennessee River, bringing a skirmish he had at Tennessee River:

My advance moved on the ferry, and observing a man beckoning across the river a charge was ordered in hopes of capturing the

ferry-boat, but on reaching the river the boat had got half way over. Our men on appearing at the river were greeted with a heavy fire from about 30 rebels on the opposite side and those on the ferry-boat save 1 man before it reached the other side. Two men fell over the side of the boat in the river. Two horses were on the boat. One was

---------------

*For remainder of this report,see Wheeler and Roddey's Raid, Part II,p.682.

---------------

