
killed, and the other jumped overboard, swam back, and was captured by our men. This horse was owned by the notorious conscript agent, Cooper. There seems no doubt but what Cooper was one of the men killed.

Of the effect of our fire on the other side of the river nothing can be definitely stated, only that 1 horse fell dead from the river bank, and the rebels field in haste after our second volley.

The only injury inflicted on our side was 1 mule shot through the shoulders.

The ferry-boat would undoubtedly have been captured with all in it but for the exertions of a preacher named Poarch (who is sent up as a prisoner to you) to warn the rebels of our approach.

Four refugees who have been hid in the mountains have come in and joined this regiment. They seem to be good men. From all appearances several others will join.

Last evening 6 men, deserters from Bragg's army at Chattanooga, came into our camp. They report Bragg's army completely demoralized, desertions taking place by hundreds, and the officers making little or no efforts to restrain or keep their men.

These men report further that Bragg is evacuating Chattanooga and moving toward Atlanta.

I thought it advisable to allow them to go on their way, as they expressed a wish to take the oath, and appeared very desirous to get out of the rebel service. They belonged to Arkansas regiments.

Eleven prisoners go up in charge of Captain Rosencranz. I inclose a list* of them.

Captain Rosencranz takes the list of prisoners for Captain Hancock.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

WM. G. ANDERSON,

Adjutant Fourth Indiana Cavalry.

Colonel E. M. McCOOK,

Commanding First Cavalry Division.

No. 224.

Report of Colonel Daniel M. Ray, Second Tennessee Cavalry.
HDQRS. SECOND EAST TENNESSEE CAVALRY, August 31, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to you that, in pursuance to orders received from Major-General Reynolds, I proceeded to Shellmound to report to you. I commenced crossing my regiment about dark, and by 10 o'clock my regiment was all safely landed on the south side of the river. At 10.30 o'clock I moved out on the Chattanooga road. I proceeded to within 2 miles of Chattanooga without meeting with any opposition. At this point I came on the rebel pickets. I drove them before me to the of Lookout Mountain, where I came in sight of a battery of artillery and infantry. Not thinking in prudent to go any farther I moved back in the direction of Shellmound. On my return I captured R. L. Hawkins, a Confederate agent, with $2,736.50 of Confederate money.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,D. M. RAY,

Colonel Second East Tennessee Cavalry.

Colonel E. A. KING,

Comdg. Second Brig., Fourth Div.,14th Army Corps.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

