
No. 225.

Report of Colonel Oscar H. La Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT WISCONSIN CAVALRY, Winchester, Tenn., November 6, 1863.

MAJOR; I have the honor to transmit the following report of campaign of First Regiment Wisconsin Volunteer Cavalry, from September 1 to October 31, 1863:

September 1, the regiment was moved to the north bank of Tennessee River, near Stevenson, Ala.

On the 2nd,crossed on the pontoon bridge.

On the 3rd,crossed Raccoon Mountain.

On the 4d,reached the foot of Little Will's Valley.

On the 9th, crossed Lookout Mountain into Broomtown Valley.

From the 10th to the 14th, inclusive, there was frequent skirmishing in this valley.

On the 17th, recrossed the same range eastward into the head of McLemore's Cove.

On the 18th, moved about 8 miles southward and camped in line of battle.

On the 19th,moved northward and had a brisk skirmish with the enemy's cavalry, which attacked on of our wagon trains about 4 miles south from Crawfish Spring. One half of the regiment was dismounted, and drove the enemy from his concealment in the woods across the Chickamauga River, when the remainder executed a flank movement that compelled him to fall still farther back and allowed the train with its escort to pass in safety. In this affair Private Northrop, of Company G, was severely wounded in the arm, and Private Wixson, same company, reported missing. Regiment camped in line of battle at Crawfish Spring.

On the 20th, took an active part in the cavalry movements on the extreme right of our army line. In the afternoon moved toward Chattanooga, followed by the enemy's cavalry, and camped in line of battle 9 miles from the town. Corporals Byers, of C, and Eldridge, of E, reported missing. Supposed to have been wounded and captured by the enemy.

On the 21st, skirmished nearly all day, holding the position until the morning of the 22nd, when we were ordered to Chattanooga. Forded the river and camped upon the north bank.

On the 25th,marched 5 miles and encamped.

On the 26th, crossed Walden's Ridge and camped in the Sequatchie Valley.

On the 28th,marched to Bridgeport, Ala.*

Very respectfully,O. H. LA GRANGE,

Colonel First Wisconsin Cavalry.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps.

---------------

*For remainder of report, see Wheeler and Roddey's Raid, Part II, p.682.

---------------

