
No. 226.

Reports of Colonel Louis D. Watkins, Sixth Kentucky Cavalry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY, Summerville, Ga., September 10, 1863.

I have taken possession of this place. There were two companies of Second Georgia here when we entered. They immediately fled.

I have captured about a half dozen and killed and wounded several.

I lost 1 man killed in the engagement.

I learn that there is one regiment encamped about 7 miles from here on La Fayette road. The rebels ran toward Rome and La Fayette.

We learn from citizens that all the force which was stationed here left last night.

The party found here had come on a scout from the camp 7 miles from here.

The prisoners captured say that it is 23 miles from here to Rome, and 16 to La Fayette; 33 to Dalton, and Ringgold 28.

I shall remain here two hours to feed.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,LOUIS D. WATKINS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major-General STANLEY,or

Colonel E. M. McCOOK.

NEAR KNOX'S HOUSE, September 11, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that when I returned from Summerville last night I was met on the road by an orderly from General Stanley, who directed me to put my brigade in camp near the headquarters of the commanding general.

We captured at Summerville 1 captain and 11 privates, most of them of the Third Georgia Cavalry. They stated to us yesterday that two regiments of rebel cavalry were encamped about 3 miles from Summerville on the La Fayette road. Major Cheek, Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, with about 80 men, went in the direction they said the camp was and got within a mile of the camp. He could plainly see their camp fire, and thought from the bustle they were expecting an attack from the force we had at Summerville. A large storehouse was discovered filled with baled cotton; also about 20 barrels of flour, some vinegar, a small quantity of bacon, and some hard bread were found, none of which was brought away, as we had no transportation. In the skirmish the Sixth Kentucky lost 1 man killed and 3 or 4 slightly wounded. One of the escort of General Stanley, who was with the Sixth, was shot in the shoulder. Two of the rebels are known to have been killed; their bodies were found lying in a field. We got from the prisoners about 5 or 6 pretty good horses and several Belgian rifles.

Respectfully submitted.

58 R R-VOL XXX, PT I

