
I have delayed making this report longer than I should,but fully intended to send it in early this morning, and so instructed my adjutant, and he forgot it.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

LOUIS D. WATKINS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain JOHN PRATT,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Cavalry Division, Alpine, Ga.

[P. S.]-This report was sent two hours ago; the orderly could not find your headquarters. A partial report was sent yesterday from Summerville.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, Near Knox's House, Half Mile from Alpine, Ga., September 12, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to an order from Major-General Stanley, I moved out with my brigade and one piece of Newell's artillery on the La Fayette road at 5.30 o'clock yesterday evening, for the purpose of opening the road between this place and a point 10 miles from here, at which Colonel Harrison with his regiment (Thirty-ninth Indiana Mounted Infantry) had halted, he being unable to proceed farther with the force he had.

Having arrived at the point to which I was directed to go, I halted the column, threw out strong picket guards, and had my horses fed. Colonel Harrison was not there when I arrived, and did not come up until about 12 o'clock. We passed him on the road. I remained there till 4 o'clock this morning, when learning that the rebels were in front of us in heavy force, and that General Thomas had not possession of La Fayette, I returned, arriving at my old camp at 7.30 o'clock this morning. Just before I left the place at which I stopped last night, I sent out a strong patrol, with instructions to proceed cautiously on the La Fayette road for a mile and a half, and then to return.

The result of their scout was, no sign of the enemy within 2 miles of where we bivouacked. Colonel Harrison returned with me, covering the rear of my brigade.

I am, captain, your most obedient servant,LOUIS D. WATKINS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain JOHN PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division.

[P. S.]-Negroes reported last night that Forrest and Wheeler were both just ahead of us, and were coming to collect all the negroes in that part of the country this morning and runt them off.

HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, Camp near Chattanooga, Tenn., September 25, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my brigade since its departure from Winstons' house, Ala., where I was ordered to remain to take charge of the sick and prisoners of was who were turned over to me by Colonel Post,

