
[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, Battle-field, Crawfish Spring, Chattanooga Road, Between Stevens' Gap and Chattanooga, September 19, 1863.

Colonel WATKINS,Comdg. Third Brigade, First Division Cavalry:

Bring up to-night your entire brigade, excepting one battalion to be left at Stevens' Gap; also bring with you the Second East Tennessee, left there to-day by my order. The battalion to be left there is expected to hold the gap at all hazards.

By command of General Mitchell:

L. M. HOSEA,

First Lieutenant, and A. C. M. Cav., A. A. A. G.

P. S.-Look out for the enemy. We have been fighting all along the line.

No. 227.

Reports of Brig. General George Crook, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.

HDQRS. SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, Camp Big Will's Valley, Ala., September 8, 1863.

MAJOR: In accordance with orders received from the major-general commanding Cavalry Corps, on the morning of the 5th of September, I marched from camp at Winston's with two regiments (First and Third Ohio) of the Second Brigade of this division, and proceeded up the mountain at Winston's Gap, and then moved forward across the mountain toward Broomtown Valley.

From information gained from citizens and residents, it appeared that a body of the enemy's cavalry, supposed to be three companies, had crossed the mountain that evening in the direction of Winston's Gap, for the purpose of blockading the road up the mountain, but upon meeting with the intention of blockading the road leading down the mountain into the valley.

When within 3 miles of the top, and 5 miles from the valley, our advance guard was fired into by the enemy's pickets. We skirmished to the top of the mountain, the enemy main little or no resistance. Here we found the road leading into the valley partly blockaded, the work having been left unfinished on account of our advance.

I ordered 100 men to be dismounted and proceed to the foot of the mountain, it being impracticable for horses on account of the fallen timber. No enemy was found at the foot of the mountain, and after a rest the command proceeded to climb the mountain.

Finding little grain on top of the mountain, and water in a large stream called Little River, 3 miles from the top of the mountain at Broomtown Valley, and our men being out of rations, I deemed it best to return to the old camp at Winston's, where we arrived at 7 p.m. the evening of the 5th. The distance is said to be 16 miles over the mountain from foot to

