
Cavalry, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry,and one section of the Chicago, Board of Trade Battery, I marched from Chattanooga to Gordon's Mills and reported to Major-General Crittenden, commanding the Twenty-first Army Corps.

September 14.-Under orders from Major-General Crittenden, I crossed Missionary Ridge into Lookout Valley.

September 15.-Marched back to Gordon's Mills where General Crittenden ordered me to proceed to Pea Vine Valley and encamp at or near Leet's Cross-Roads. I crossed the Chickamauga at Reed's Bridge, and shortly before dark encamped on Pea Vine Creek, near Peeler's Mill, and sent out scouts toward Graysville, Ringgold, Leet's, and Rock Spring. Same night I reported to Major-General Crittenden the information brought in by these parties, and in answer received a letter from Captain Oldershaw, assistant adjutant-general, Twenty-first Army Corps, of which the following is an extract:

The major-general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your report of this date informing him that Forrest is at Ringgold, Longstreet at Dalton, Pegram at Leet's, and Buckner at Rock Spring; all this would indicate infantry, which the

major-general commanding cannot believe.

September 16.-Strong scouting parties from toward Ringgold and Leet's advanced on me; they wee promptly met, driven, and followed. The pickets on the La Fayette and Harrison road, which lies between Pea Vine Ridge and Chickamauga, were attacked from toward La Fayette and my rear threatened. I fell back to the west side of the ridge, thus covering Reed's Bridge, but at same time held all the roads in Pea Vine Valley by strong pickets. The force which followed the rebel scout to Leet's crossed the line of march of a column of infantry moving from toward Rock Spring to Ringgold and lost 1 man shot through the head. On being reported to General Crittenden, he answered that "it could be nothing but dismounted cavalry."

September 17.-Slight skirmishing between my scouts and those of the enemy. The scout to Graysville reported that General Steedman's brigade had passed through there on a reconnaissance toward Ringgold. The courier to Gordon's Mill reported that Colonel Wilder's brigade of mounted infantry was encamped on the west side of Chickamauga Creek, at Alexander's Bridge, about 2 miles above me.

September 18.-At 6 a.m., I sent 100 men, Fourth United States, toward Leet's, and 100 from Fourth Michigan and Seventh Pennsylvania toward Ringgold. About 7 a.m. couriers arrived from both parties with the information that the enemy was advancing in force. I strengthened my pickets on the La Fayette road and moved forward with the Fourth Michigan, one battalion of the Fourth Regulars, and the section of artillery, and took position on the eastern slope of Pea Vine Ridge. I dispatched couriers to

Major-General Granger, at Rossville; Colonel Wilder, at Alexander's Bridge, General Wood, at Gordon's Mills, and

Major-General Crittenden,at Crawfish Spring. The enemy - infantry in force - advanced steadily, driving my skirmishers before them. The head of a column getting into good range, I opened on them with the artillery, when they immediately deployed, and also strengthened their skirmish line. At this moment I observed a heavy column of dust moving from the direction of Graysville toward Dyer's Ford. I wrote to Colonel Wilder asking him to send a force to hold the for and to cover my left flank. As the force from Graysville advanced, I fell back until I arrived on the ground which I had occupied in the morning. Here Colonel Miller,

