
Toward the afternoon I received orders from General Granger to take possession of the position then occupied by him on the Rossville and Ringgold road.

On arriving on the ground I found that General Granger had already marched to the assistance of General Thomas. Being anxious to know what was in front of me, I pushed forward toward Red House Bridge, and found Scott's brigade of cavalry and mounted infantry, about 1,500 strong, moving into position on our side of the creek. I immediately attacked them. After a spirited skirmish of about an hour's duration, drove them across the creek with considerable loss.

September 21.-During the night, General Thomas fell back to the heights of Missionary Ridge at Rossville, and this morning I found myself about 2 miles directly in front of the center of his line of battle.

The rebels advanced in three columns from the direction of Missionary Mills, Red House Bridge, and Dyer's Ford. I skirmished with their advance for a couple of hours and then fell back to Rossville, with the loss of 1 officer and 9 men killed, and 1 officer and 13 men wounded. I was then ordered to the left to watch the movements of the enemy.

September 22.-Under orders from Major-General Thomas, the Fourth Regulars moved during the night to Rossville and took possession of the gap vacated by our retiring infantry.

At 6 a.m. I heard firing in the direction of Rossville. Leaving strong pickets in the passes over the ridge, I marched with the Seventh Pennsylvania and Fourth Michigan to support the Fourth Regulars, but found that Captain McIntyre had judiciously fallen back, the enemy having turned his flank by advancing on the road from Gordon's Mills. I retreated to Chattanooga, skirmishing sharply.

September 23.-With the Fourth Michigan and Seventh Pennsylvania, I worked in the trenches all night, and at 5 a.m. crossed the Tennessee with the brigade. I camped on Opossum Creek, and from thence picketed the Tennessee River from Washington to Sandy Shoals.

The loss in my brigade from the day on which I was detached from the division until I recrossed the Tennessee River, on the 24th, was under 100 men, of whom only 15 were reported missing. Of these 15, 9 are known to be either killed or wounded. In that time I have taken 439 prisoners from the enemy.

Herewith I hand you report of officers and men deserving special mention.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT, H. G. MINTY,

Colonel 4th Mich. Cav.,late Comdg.1st Brig.,2nd Cav. Div.

Major SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., December 26, 1863.

Major SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to call the attention of the major-general commanding to the following officers, whom I consider entitled to

