
special mention for their gallant conduct during the battle of Chickamauga:

Second Lieutenant Wirt Davis, Fourth U. S. Cavalry, commanded the squadron of his regiment which covered the retreat of the Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry over Reed's Bridge, on the afternoon of the 18th September. This officer has invariably performed his duties in the most satisfactory and gallant manner.

Second Lieutenant J. H. Simpson, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, commanded a squadron of his regiment of picket duty on the Harrison road, on the 18th September, and was cut off by the rapid advance of the enemy. After fighting as long as possible, he swam the Chickamauga, and brought in his squadron with no casualties but 1 man and 1 horse slightly wounded.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel 4th Mich. Cav.,late Comdg.1st Brig.,2nd Cav. Div.

ADDENDA.

Itinerary of the First Brigade, Second Cavalry Division,commanded by Colonel Robert H. G. Minty, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, for September,

1863*.

September 1 to 5.-The brigade remained at Smith's Cross-Roads, in the Tennessee Valley,picketing and guarding different fords and ferries on the Tennessee River.

September 6.-Moved to McDonald's Mill, on Sale Creek, 6 miles down the river toward Chattanooga,where we remained until the 11th.

September 11.-Moved to within 2 miles of Chattanooga.

September 12.-Crossed the Tennessee River at Friar's Ford and encamped at Chattanooga.

September 13.-Marched to Chordon's Mills, Ga.

September 14.-Moved to McLemore's Cove with the command of General Crittenden.

September 15.-Marched back by Gordon's Mills to near Reed's Bridge, over Chickamauga River, 4 1/2 miles from Ringgold.

September 16 and 17.-Remained at Reed's Bridge, sending scouting parties and our pickets. The Brigade,consisting of the Fourth United States, Fourth Michigan, and Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, the Third Indiana being temporarily in Chattanooga, skirmished with the rebels at Pea Vine Ridge, but were compelled to fall back across the Chickamauga, disputing every foot of the ground, when we were re-enforced by two regiments of Colonel Wilder's brigade. From there we were driven back slowly to Gordon's Mills, where we arrived at dark.

September 19.-Remained at Gordon's Mill until noon, when we were ordered to report to General Granger, at Rossville. Did so that p.m., and bivouacked.

September 20.-At 5 a.m., by General Granger's order, went to Missionary Mills, on Missionary Ridge, to watch the left flank of the army. About 3 p.m. moved from Missionary Ridge down the road

---------------

*From return for September.

---------------

