
toward Ringgold, where we met and drove Scott's rebel cavalry 2 miles across the West Chickamauga Creek.

September 21.-About 9 a.m. the enemy advanced and drove the brigade, after a sharp skirmish, through the gap in front of Rossville, where our infantry was stationed. After passing through, the brigade moved back to Missionary Ridge and rested until night. Then,when the main army was withdrawn to Chattanooga, the First Brigade guarded the gap at and above Rossville.

September 22.-The enemy advanced early in the morning and gradually drove us back from Missionary Ridge to Chattanooga. Loss of the brigade from September 18 to 22, 1 officer killed and 2 wounded; 10 men killed and 39 wounded; missing,4.

September 23.-Remained at Chattanooga. The Seventh Pennsylvania and Fourth Michigan Regiments were put into the intrenchments to throw up breastworks.

September 24.-Moved across the Tennessee River and encamped up the valley about 10 miles from Chattanooga.

September 25.-Marched to Sale Creek, where we remained until September 28, when we marched to near Washington, Rhea County. There remained during the 29th.

September 30.-The rebel cavalry under Wheeler crossed the Tennessee River, the Fourth Michigan and one battalion of the Fourth U. S. Cavalry disputing his passage. After he had crossed, the command was gathered together and moved to Smith's Cross-Roads.

No. 229.

Report of Colonel Eli Long, Fourth Ohio Cavalry,commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, Camp near Bridgeport, Ala. September 1, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit to you the following report:

On the morning of August 29, 1863, after leaving you, I accompanied the Second Regiment Kentucky Cavalry on the march in the direction of Caperton's Ferry. After proceeding about 2 miles, the advance guard captured a courier with dispatches for Colonel Estes, C. S. Army. From the dispatches we learned that there was a company of about 50 rebels at [or] near the ferry. We continued on at a gallop, hoping to capture these men, but upon arriving at the river we met some infantry troops belonging to Brigadier-General Davis' division.

We then commenced the ascent of Raccoon Mountain. The road going up the mountain is very bad, but upon arriving at the summit, we found the face of the country to be level, and the road very fair. On the mountain the advance captured 4 prisoners, 3 of them belonging to the Third Confederate Cavalry, the other had been engaged in collecting niter for the C. S. Government. We met with no opposition on the march whatever, and rejoined you near Price's place on the mountain, having marched since morning between 25 and 30 miles.

The country over which we marched had not been much cultivated, and forage is very scarce.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,ELI LONG,

Colonel, Commanding Second Cavalry Brigade.

Captain R. P. KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

