
ADDENDA.

Itinerary of the Second Brigade, Second Cavalry Division, commanded by Colonel Eli Long, Fourth Ohio Cavalry,for September, 1863.*

September 2.-Colonel Long moved with the First, Third, and Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, and Second Kentucky Cavalry Regiments from camp, near Bridgeport, Ala., and crossed the Tennessee River in the general movement of the army toward Chattanooga.

September 3.-Crossed Sand Mountain and arrived in Will's Valey. Remained in camp here until September 8, when the brigade, with one section of Stokes' battery, crossed Lookout Mountain and engaged four regiments of rebel cavalry at Alpine, in Broomtown Valley, driving them from the field. Loss: Killed,4; wounded,8.

September 13.-Marched on reconnaissance toward La Fayette, in conjunction with Campbell's brigade, First Cavalry Division. Found Bragg's main army intrenched at that place. Falling back, reascended Lookout Mountain and proceeded to Dougherty's Gap.

September 19.-Marched through Rape's Gap into McLemmore's Cove.

September 20.-Participated in the battle of Chickamauga, having position on the extreme right of the army at Crawfish Spring. The brigade encountered Hindman's infantry division and a small force of cavalry, and was forced back after a severe fight, with a loss of 122 men killed, wounded, and missing; 7 officers wounded, and Lieutenant Colonel V. Cupp, First Ohio, and First Lieutenant R. W. Neff, Fourth Ohio, killed.

September 22.-Fell back with the army to Chattanooga and recrossed the Tennessee river to the north side.

September 26.-Colonel Long moved with brigade and Stokes' battery to guard the fords up the river, and arrived at Washington, Tenn., on the 28th. The Second Kentucky regiment went to Luty's, 5 miles, and the Fourth Ohio to Kelley's Ford, 10 miles distant.

September 30.-General Wheeler, with a large force of rebel cavalry and several pieces of artillery, crossed the river at Cottonport, protecting his crossing with his guns and shelling the pickets from the river. The brigade fell back as the enemy advanced, and the Fourth Ohio, Regiment was cut off from the command. Lieutenant William H. Scott, First Ohio, Volunteer Cavalry, ordnance officer, Second Brigade, and Lieutenant A. D. Leib, First Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, who had been sent to bring up this regiment and the Second Kentucky, were captured by the enemy. Colonel Long retired with the command to near Smith's Cross-Roads, and bivouacked with the balance of General Crook's command.

No. 230.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Valentine Cupp, First Ohio Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST OHIO CAVALRY, Camp Crook, September 1, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the First Ohio Cavalry on the scout, August 29, 1863:

In compliance with orders received from Colonel Eli Long commanding

---------------

*From return for September.

---------------

