
Second Brigade, Second Division, cavalry command, I proceeded up the river to Moore's Spring (9 miles), meeting with no resistance until within 1 mile of Moore's Spring, but observed numerous picket posts the enemy had just left, the citizens on the route informing me the enemy's pickets were on the road just in advance of my advance guard.

When within 1 mile of Moore's Spring, Mr. Moore informed me that Captain Rice, in command of a company of 150 men of the Third Confederate Cavalry, were encamped on the side of the mountain on the road leading from Bridgeport to Trenton, Ga., and that Colonel Estes, of the Third Confederate Cavalry, was encamped 2 miles on same road with his regiment, supposed to number 400. While in conversation with Mr. Moore my advance guard was fired on by the enemy. Captain Frankeberger, Company G, who had the advance, immediately ordered a charge, completely routing and demoralizing them to such an extent that the company on the side of the mountain fled ins such confusion as to leave a great many of their arms,&amp;c., stacked against the trees, and made no resistance to prevent me gaining possession of top of the mountain, save, perhaps, ten or twelve shots.

After gaining the top of the mountain, I pursued them as fast as possible (keeping my flanks well protected) until within half a mile of Colonel Estes' camp, when my advance was again fired on. My advance charged them again and charged into the camp, but the colonel had left with his command a few moments before my advance reached the camp, leaving clothing,cooking utensils, commissary stores, and their dinners cooking on the fire; everything indicating a very hasty evacuation. I pursued them until I reached John E. Price's farm, the point at which I was ordered to join the brigade.

I destroyed 20 stand of arms (short rifles), killed 1 man, and captured 6 prisoners.

Respectfully submitted.

VALENTINE CUPP,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. First Ohio Cavalry.

Colonel ELI LONG,

Commanding Second Brigade.

No. 231.

Itinerary of the Pioneer Brigade.*

The Pioneer Brigade remained at Elk River railroad bridge during the month of August until the 16th, and during that time were engaged in building block-house,cutting cord-wood for railroad, and unloading cars, &c. Two of the four companies reported to

Major-General McCook, Twentieth Army Corps, [and] remained with said corps for pioneer duty.

August 15.-Four companies of the First Battalion reported to

Major-General Thomas, Fourteenth Army Corps, for pioneer duty. Six companies of the Third Battalion reported to Captain Mallory, commissary of subsistence, at Stevenson, Ala., to build platforms for commissary and quartermaster's stores. Two hundred men from the Second Battalion were sent to Nashville to forward pontoon boats and bring forward pontoon train. One company from the

---------------

*From returns for August and September. The brigade was commanded by Cap. Patrick O'Connell, First Ohio Infantry.

---------------

