
you to send to me a the Galt House, in Louisville, as soon as possible, certified copies of all the reports which may be in your possession bearing on the conduct of those officers on the occasion referred to, and also the best map you have of the battle-field and the surrounding country. It is most desirable to have these reports and the map sent by an officer capable of explaining to the Court the position of the troop engaged. They wish you, also, to send any officers of your command who may have knowledge of the matter to be investigated, to report to the Court in Louisville, the names of whom you are desired to communicate to me.

Please acknowledge this.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Inspector-General, Recorder.

On being questioned by the Court whether any papers or communications touching the matter to be investigated had been furnished, the recorder stated as follows:

Only one communication, that of General W. S. Rosecrans to the Adjutant-General of the Army, dated October 14, 1863, relative to Major-General Negley. That he addressed to the Adjutant-General of the Army the following communications:

LOUISVILLE, January 27, 1864.

The ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acquaint you that General Hunter has arrived here, and that the officers detailed for the Court instituted by Special Orders, No. 13, to investigate the conduct of Major-Generals McCook, Crittenden and Negley, will repair to Nashville to-morrow. At an informal meeting had, it was seen that no papers respecting the conduct of those officers have yet been furnished to the Court, and I was, therefore, directed to request that any reports or communications on the subject which may be on file in the War Department, as well as the names and addresses of any persons who are known to be acquainted with the transactions ordered to be investigated, be sent to me at this place, whither the Court will return for the purpose of receiving the testimony of Major-General Rosecrans on 1st February.

Very respectfully,&amp;c.,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Inspector-General, Recorder.

NASHVILLE, January 29, 1864.

The ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY:

GENERAL: In my communication of the 27th instant by order of the Court of Inquiry instituted by Special Orders, No. 13, of 1864, I asked for all reports on file in the War Department bearing on the conduct of Major-Generals McCook, Crittenden, and Negley at the battle of Chickamauga. I am now directed to ask particularly for the following:

Certified copies of the official reports of the battle of Chickamauga made by Brigadier-Generals Wood, Brannan, and Davis, and Colonel Harker (Wood's division); also the supplementary report and papers appended which Major-General Negley forwarded October 9, 1863, at the request of and through Major-General Rosecrans, the same being required by Major-General Negley in his letter of 22nd January. Please send them to the Galt House, Louisville.

Very respectfully,&c.,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Inspector-General, Recorder.

The Court here desired General McCook to furnish the recorder, from time to time, as far as possible, a list of the witnesses whose evidence ha may wish to submit to the Court.

A recess of half an hour was taken, and subsequently and adjournment till 7 p.m. war ordered.

