
7 p.m.

The Court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major-Generals Hunter and Cadwalder, Brigadier-General Wadsworth, Colonel Schriver, recorder, and Major-General McCook.

Captain THOMAS C. WILLIAMS, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry, aide-de-camp to General Rousseau, being duly sworn, says to questions

By the COURT:

Question. Please state what you know respecting the conduct of General McCook on that occasion.

Answer. I did not see General McCook on the 19th or 20th.

Question. Do you know of your own knowledge anything about the position of General McCook's troops on either day?

Answer. One division of General McCook's command, commanded by General Johnson, reported to General Thomas. They were engaged on 19th and 20th September, and behaved both days with the utmost gallantry.

Question. Do you know under what orders the division reported to General Thomas?

Answer. No.

Question. Do you know anything about the other divisions?

Answer. No.

By General McCOOK:

Question. Who organized the division that behaved with the utmost gallantry from raw levies?

(This question was objected to by the Court as not relevant to the subject.)

The Court adjourned to meet at 11 o'clock on 1st February, at Louisville, Ky.

SECOND DAY.

LOUISVILLE, February 1, 1864.

The Court met, pursuant to adjournment, in the supreme courtroom.

Present, Major-Generals Hunter and Cadwalader, Brigadier-General Wadsworth, and Colonel Schriver, recorder, and Major-General McCook.

The proceeding of the first day were read and approved.

Major CALEB BATES, aide-de-camp to Major-General McCook (appointed under the act of July 17, 1862), being duly sworn, says to questions.

By the COURT:

Question. What was General McCook's command at the battle of Chickamauga on the 19th and 20th September, 1863, and how was it posted?

Answer. On the morning of the 19th, the Twentieth Army Corps, composed of three divisions, under the command of Major-General Sheridan, Brigadier-General Johnson, and Brigadier-General Davis, one brigade of General Davis' being detached, guarding the train. The corps was in position immediately on the right of

