
General Thomas' corps, and in readiness to follow General Thomas as soon as his troops had moved out of the way. The headquarters of the corps on the night of the 18th were at Pond Spring. At early daylight on the 19th, General Thomas' troops having moved forward, the corps was put in motion and General McCook moved on and reported in person General Rosecrans' headquarters, then at Crawfish Spring. On arriving there General McCook received instructions to take command of the right, and proceeded to examine the ground around about there. On returning toward General Rosecrans' headquarters, General Johnson's division was met, having just reached that point. The division was at rest, and it was ordered to move up and report to General Thomas by General McCook. After General Johnson's division had passed, General Davis' division came up, and was also ordered forward to report to General Thomas or the general commanding, who was then at the Widow Glenn's house. General Negley's division was then engaged, and was on the right of the troops then engaged. General McCook had received orders from General Rosecrans to take General Negley's division in his command. On General Sheridan's division arriving, it was ordered to take position on the right of General Wood's division, then stationed at Gordon's Mills. General Wood being moved from his position just as General Sheridan was going into position, General Sheridan was put in his place, and General Negley, being withdrawn from his position, was ordered up to report to General Thomas. General Robert B. Mitchell commanding the cavalry, General McCook proceeded to General Rosecrans' headquarters, two brigades of General Sheridan's command having been ordered to the left. General Johnson, on the night of the 19th, I believe, was on the extreme left of the line of battle. General Sheridan was near the Widow Glenn's house and General Davis in reserve near by. About midnight General McCook rode round to Generals Sheridan and Davis and gave them instructions, and the line in the morning by daylight was withdrawn, General Sheridan's division being posted at and to the right of the Widow Glenn's house. General McCook's command on Sunday morning was three brigades of General Sheridan, two brigades of General Davis. General Davis' command was very much reduced by the casualties on the 19th. I don't know the strength of the command. There were no field returns that I saw.

Question. Were the orders which you state were given by General McCook to Generals Johnson and Davis to move forward and to report to General Thomas, then at Widow Glenn's house, given in consequence of orders which he received from General Rosecrans?

Answer. Such I understood to be the case.

Question. Was General McCook ordered to assume command of the whole of the right, including General Crittenden's command?

Answer. I heard nothing of General Crittenden's command, as I understood it included only his own command, General Negley's, and the cavalry.

Question. Was not General Crittenden's corps still farther on the right, and would not that have placed General McCook in the center?

Answer. I only saw one division of General Crittenden's command, commanded by General Wood, and posted at Gordon's Mills. I think it was to the left of General McCook's.

Question. At what time were you attacked on Sunday morning?

Answer. I think it was in the neighborhood of 11 o'clock.

Question. Did the troops break; and, if so,at what hour?

Answer. When the attack first commenced, I had gone to the extreme right of the line to Colonel Wilder's command, to notify him that the line was being moved toward the left, and to hold himself in readiness to move and keep closed up to the left. On my return to General McCook, I found the line broken and falling back fast. I think it was about half past 11.

Question. Where was General McCook when you returned, and what was he engaged in?

Answer. I found him on my return to the rear of the line endeavoring to reform the stragglers and get them into some order. I think the first I saw of him he had a flag in his hand trying to get the men together and rally them round him.

