
Question. Were the troops under the fire of the enemy at that moment?

Answer. They were. Musketry shot came in that struck near where I was, and must have come to him who was farther in front than I was.

Question. When did General McCook leave the field?

Answer. After being driven from this position, the general fell back with the others until out of fire, and there stopped and appeared to be listening to the sound of the musketry and artillery. He went on again, till we reached an eminence, where we met some of General Rosecrans' staff, and also a guide that I understood to belong to General Rosecrans. He was with General Morton. A heavy cloud of dust could be distinctly seen toward Rossville, this guide stating that a road ran from that point, or near that point, to the road in the other valley, and he believed that the enemy were endeavoring to get on that road with their cavalry to cut off our stragglers.

Question. How long did General McCook remain on this eminence?

Answer. I suppose from ten to fifteen minutes.

Question. Where did he go when he left it?

Answer. He went toward the road leading to Chattanooga.

Question. Did any troops accompany him?

Answer. No; not from this position.

Question. Did he rally any troops, and what became of them?

Answer. A few were rallied but soon broken again by the heavy fire.

Question. Having struck the road to Chattanooga, where did he go?

Answer. To Chattanooga.

Question. At what hour did all this occur?

Answer. Half past 1 or 2, and between half past 4 to 5 he arrived at Chattanooga. I am not positive as to the time, it is the best I can remember.

Question. You have stated that you returned and found General McCook rallying troops at about half past 11 o'clock. How soon after this did you reach the eminence where you met a staff officer and quide of General Rosecrans?

Answer. I cannot state positively; our movements were slow off the field, making frequent stops. I think in the neighborhood of an hour and two hours.

Question. About how far is it from that eminence to Chattanooga?

Answer. Yes; I think we did. We met, after we left, Captain Sheridan, of General Sheridan's staff, and General McCook told him to tell General Sheridan that he was going to Chattanooga to find General Rosecrans for orders.

Question. What became of those troops which you say were broken? Why did General McCook leave them, and where did they go when he went to Chattanooga?

Answer. The troops were very much scattered, and it seemed almost impossible, if not impossible, to rally them. General McCook bore off toward the left of our line. I think his intention was to go General Thomas' headquarters to find him, and, in bearing in that direction, became separated from the troops that were falling back.

