
Question. What did Mr. McDonald, General Rosecrans' guide, say about the movements of the enemy?

Answer. He appeared to be under the impression that they would endeavor to cut off our right, which was broken, and judged that the cloud of dust was the enemy's cavalry coming down to endeavor to do so.

Question. Were the troops to the left of General McCook's position broken, and was not the enemy between General McCook's position in rear of the battle-field and General Thomas' position?

Answer. I would judge from the firing they were; the firing was very heavy in that direction.

Question. After the line was broken by the enemy, did General McCook leave the field by his own inclination, or was he driven off the field of battle by the enemy?

Answer. I thin he was driven from the field by the enemy, unless he wished to be killed.

Question. Did or did not General McCook meet men of every division of the army, and did they or not report their division driven from their lines by the enemy?

Answer. Being with the general, I met stragglers not only from his own corps, but from both the others. General Wood's division, General Brannan's, General Baird's, and General Van Cleve's. Men represented themselves as belonging to those division, and represented that many of their division were cut to pieces.

Question. Did you see Lieutenant Colonel Lyne Starling, and what reported did he make to General McCook?

Answer. I think that Lieutenant Colonel Lyne Starling, assistant

adjutant-general and chief of General Crittenden's staff, rode up to General McCook, and it was understood-

(Here there was an interruption by the Court and the question was withdrawn.)

By the COURT:

Question. You have stated that General McCook inquired of a staff officer of General Rosecrans where he was. What answer did he give?

Answer. That the general had gone to Chattanooga.

The Court adjourned to meet at 10 a.m. on the 2nd instant.

THIRD DAY.

LOUISVILLE, February 2, 1864.

The Court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major-General Hunter and Cadwalader, Brigadier-General Wadsworth, and Colonel Schriver, recorder, and Major-General McCook.

The proceedings of the second day were read and approved.

Captain FRANK J. JONES, aide-de-camp to Major-General McCook (act of July 17, 1862), being duly sworn, says to questions

By the COURT:

Question. Were you with General McCook's command on 20th September?

Answer. Yes.

