
was received from General Rosecrans by General McCook, dated 10.30, at about five minutes before 11. I examined my watch to this effect. This order directed General McCook to move General Sheridan's troops to the left of the line of battle, and send him to the support of General Thomas. General McCook directed me to deliver this order to General Sheridan, who was endeavoring to bring up his troops, which I did, and then returned with General Lytle, who was trying to reach the left of the line of battle, when we discovered that the troops of General Davis were falling back, and then General McCook ordered him to the support of General Davis. He also ordered General [Colonel] Laiboldt, of General Sheridan's division, to take the right of the enemy; but in consequence of the falling back of General Davis' troops, he was unable to do so.

Question. At what time did General McCook meet General Morton and the quide of General Rosecrans?

Answer. I think it was half past 11 o'clock.

Question. Were you or any other staff officer sent to look for General Rosecrans?

Answer. Not to my knowledge. I was not.

Question. At what time did you reach Chattanooga with General McCook?

Answer. Between 4 and 5 o'clock, I think.

Question. Did you see General Rosecrans immediately?

Answer. We rode to the headquarters of General Wagner, where General Rosecrans was.

Question. Did General McCook see him immediately?

Answer. He did.

Question. When did General McCook learn when and where his troops had been rallied, after he arrived at Chattanooga?

Answer. General McCook,after his arrival in Chattanooga, remained at the headquarters of General Rosecrans, and asked for orders, saying that he was ready to take the field, and in the early part of the night some dispatches came to General Rosecrans, informing him that the troops of Generals Sheridan and Davis had reached Rossville, and General Rosecrans directed General McCook to go and take command of them, which he did. It was about 12 o'clock when he left.

Question. After you arrived at Chattanooga, were you or any other, staff officers sent out to learn what had become of General McCook's command?

Answer. Not to my knowledge.

By Major-General McCOOK:

Question. Did you proceed from the battle-field direct to Chattanooga?

Answer. We did not. General McCook remained in the rear of the line and endeavored to rally the troops, for an hour to an hour and a half after the line was broken, before he left the field, and until there was a lull in the firing on the extreme left. He said he should like to reach General Thomas if he could get there, but the firing prevented him from doing so. Both the guide and General Morton said the firing from the enemy, and that they were between him and General Thomas' command.

Question. What orders did General McCook give on leaving the battle-field?

Answer. Just before he left the field,he rode up to General Davis, and directed him to rally his men, and to go in the direction of Rossville, as the impression was that the enemy were on the road to Rossville.

