
Question. Did or did not General McCook meet Captain Sheridan, of General Sheridan's staff, in rear of the field?

Answer. He did, about a mile in rear of the line, and he met the escort of General Rosecrans with the general's flag. He gave some orders to be conveyed to General Sheridan, but I was not present and did not hear them.

Question. How many brigades of Davis' division were present at the battle of Chickamauga?

Answer. Two.

Question. Was not General Davis' small command the only troops under my command, in line, when the assault was made by the enemy?

Answer. Yes; from 1,300 to 1,400 men.

By the COURT:

Question. Was General Sheridan's force in reserve?

Answer. General Sheridan was on the right of the line of battle, coming up to support General Thomas.

Question. What was General Sheridan's numerical strength?

Answer. Four thousand three hundred men; three brigades.

Question. Was any field return sent in on the 20th?

Answer. I do not think there was.

Question. What proportion of General McCook's command was detached from his corps at the time of the assault on Sunday morning?

Answer. General Johnson's Second Division and one brigade of General Davis'.

By General McCOOK:

Question. Was not General Sheridan's division also detached to go to General Thomas?

Answer. It had been ordered to report to General Thomas, and was marching to do so when the assault took place.

Question. Were they not ordered to go to General Thomas with the utmost dispatch, without exhausting the men?

Answer. They were, and were doing so at the double-quick.

Question. Were there any troops on General Davis' left when the assault was made?

Answer. General Wood was marching out of the line of battle, and General Davis, by the left flank, into the line on the right of General Brannan, when the assault took place.

Question. Had not General Davis but one of three things to do: Submit to capture, utter annihilation, or take to flight to save his command?

Answer. No doubt of that, in my opinion.

The Court adjourned to meet at 10 o'clock on 3rd of February.

FOURTH DAY.

FEBRUARY 3, 1864.

No proceeding in this case to-day.

