
see General Sheridan's division brought to bear, I met General McCook, who reported to me that he had just ordered in Laiboldt's brigade to meet the enemy, which he thought would soon set the matter to rights. I told him I would go to see the other two brigades. I gave him no special orders. I saw him but once after that on the battle-field, when I think he was going toward where Lytle's brigade was advancing; that was shortly after 1 o'clock. The last order I gave from that point was twenty minutes after 1, but not addressed to General McCook. The next time I saw him he arrived at Chattanooga, and reported to me at Wagner's headquarters. I should think about 4.30 or 5 p.m. I directed him to wait a short time until I should hear General Garfield's report from the extreme front, informing him that we held the field; that Granger had gone up from Rossville; that portion of his and Crittenden's corps were reported near Rossville, and that the arrival of a further report from General Garfield would enable me to give more definite instructions, both to him and General Crittenden. On the arrival of that report from General Garfield, I read it to him or stated its substance, and directed him to go out to Rossville and assume the command of his corps; that we would occupy a position near there, which General Thomas had been directed to select. This was given to General McCook, I should think, about 9.30 p.m.

Question. What was General McCook's command, at 12 m., on the 20th September, 1863.

Answer. It consisted of Sheridan's division, three brigades; Davis' division, two brigades; and the cavalry had only orders to communicate with him, and close on his right. The senior officers of the cavalry were told that they must take orders from him, though attend to their own business. Each brigade had a battery of artillery.

Question. What is the distance from the field where General McCook's command broke to Rossville, and from Rossville to Chattanooga?

Answer. The first distance is about 6 miles, and the second 5.

Question. Did the conduct of General McCook, in leaving his command at such a distance, meet with your approval?

Answer. It did not strike me favorably, but knowing nothing of the circumstances, it did not elicit any expressions of disapprobation. I thought it might have been possible to have done something toward gathering the rallied troops, but having no sufficient data, did not tell General McCook that I thought so.

By General McCOOK:

Question. Was General McCook responsible for the braking of Davis' line of battle; was it not mainly caused by the moving of troops on his left?

Answer. I think the immediate cause was the removal of Wood's division from its place in line, which was done under an order to close instead of opening the line, and while the enemy was advancing in force on his front. It was done with great precipitation, as General Wood has stated in an official letter, at a double-quick, thus giving General McCook no time to close his troops properly and fill the vacant space.

Question. Did any neglect to obey orders on the part of General McCook, or failure on his part to perform his whole duty with the means at his disposal, lead to the disaster on the 20th?

Answer. I think that there was a want of vigor and close supervision of his line at its left; that had the troops been held with the view to make his connection wight the remaining portion of the line strong and firm, it would have greatly increased our security at that point; but I do not think General McCook disobeyed or failed to obey orders on that day; nor that to him alone is to be attributed the disaster of that day. I consider the defects just mentioned only to have played their part in weakening us for the conflict at the point where the enemy broke through.

Question. When you had learned the reasons for General McCook's presence in Chattanooga, did you censure his conduct?

Answer. I expressed no censure to him so far as I remember, because I was not sufficiently advised to conclude myself, much less to express to him the opinion

