
that he could have done this or that. I regretted that he had not remained at Rossville, but do not remember that I have ever, until now, expressed that regret.

Question. After the withdrawal of General McCook's troops to

re-enforce General Thomas, was it possible for him to have maintained his position against the enemy's attacking forces?

Answer. It is impossible to say whether with his five brigades he could have maintained a front commensurate with that strength on the right, of what is called in the reports "Thomas' line," but the intention was with General McCook's corps to hold the extension of that line, which in the reports is called "Thomas'," and that General Crittenden should, with what was left of his corps, act as a reserve to support either General McCook or any other portion of the line. It was not expected that General McCook should cover any particular portion of ground, unless he found he could do so, and at the same time maintain his connection with General Thomas. The information on which the orders for 20th were predicated, was that the position of Widow Glenn's house would would be amply within the limits of our strength to cover, and keep Crittenden's troops wholly in reserve; but I am satisfied that the distance from that position to the right of Brannan was greater than we at that time supposed, and that the line was, therefore, attenuated. It was an apprehension that this might be the case which led me to bring down Davis' division from the left side of Dry Valley in the morning, as stated in my direct examination. We were fighting very superior numbers, which from several independent sources of information we believed to have been about one and a half to one.

Question. Did not General Sheridan report that he captured prisoners from five rebel divisions that attacked at that point?

Answer. I do not remember such a report, but I do remember to have heard General Sheridan express the opinion that we were very greatly outnumbered at the point where his division went into the fight on Sunday.

Question. Was or was not Lytle's brigade moving at the double-quick to the left to support General Thomas, agreeably to your orders, when you saw General McCook going toward that brigade?

Answer. General McCook had been ordered to hold Sheridan's division in readiness to move to Thomas' assistance when, or previous to the time, the left of Davis' line broke. When I saw General McCook, General Lytle's brigade was moving in as I supposed to check the enemy's advance, consequent one the yielding of General Davis' division.

Question. After you sent General McCook the order for Sheridan to be held in readiness to move to Thomas' support, did you or not send me an order for Sheridan's troops to go to Thomas at once?

Answer. I do not remember positively whether the order was dispatched to him or not, but there was a time when it was believed that the movement of Sheridan toward Thomas ought to begin before the break took place, and I think that the order was dispatched. I remember only that the order was known not to have been executed at the time the break took place, for it was expected this division would ba available to throw in on the enemy's flank, as he advanced through the breach in the line.

Question. How long was it from the time you sent the last written order to General McCook until the time you last saw him on the battle-field?

Answer. I cannot tell. I should think an hour and a half; it may have been longer or shorter.

Question. When you gave General McCook his order to go to Rossville, did you also order him to gather together any troops that he met and taken them to Rossville?

Answer. I do not remember distinctly what or the particulars of his orders. I think it probable such directions may have been given to him, from the fact that it was believed quite a number of stragglers were on the road who might as well be taken forward.

The Court adjourned till 10 o'clock on the 5th instant.

