
SIXTH DAY.

LOUISVILLE, February 5, 1864.

The Court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major-Generals Hunter and Cadwalader, Brigadier-General Wadsworth, and Colonel Schriver, recorder, and Major-General McCook, U. S. Volunteers.

The proceeding of the fifth day were read.

General Rosecrans stated to the Court that he desired to correct his testimony as follows:

The order which was given to General McCook about Sheridan's division, which I could not distinctly remember yesterday, I now call to mind distinctly. It was thus: I directed General Garfield to notify General McCook to hold Sheridan's division in complete readiness, but before he had written that order, a messenger arrived from General Thomas, saying he would need additional support, and General Garfield wrote the order for him to move the division as soon as possible to General Thomas' support, sending two brigades which were supposed to be free, and a third to follow when the line was sufficiently closed. I deemed the wording of the order too precipitate for the events, but unwilling to have it rewritten, I directed General McCook to report to me in person, presuming he would arrive before the troops would move, intending to give him specific directions what to do with them, expecting that events would develop what points would most need them, and expecting that events would develop what points would most need them, and expecting, as did actually happen, that General McCook on the right with his command intact and solid. General McCook did come over, as I suppose in obedience to that order, and met me probably 100 yards from the stand at which the order was written, where he reported to me the sending in of Laiboldt's brigade, as stated in my testimony yesterday. In my testimony yesterday, I gave it as my impression the next time I saw him he was going in the direction of Lytle's advancing column. I now think, upon further reflection, that he passed me in the Dry Valley, going southwestwardly toward the top of the hill, after Lytle's column had been driven back. I was then proceeding toward the center to join General Thomas, and knew he, General McCook, was engaged among the broken columns of his own troops, as I had no doubt, with the intention of rallying them.

The Court adjourned to meet at 10 o'clock on 6th February.

SEVENTH DAY.

FEBRUARY 6, 1864.

The Court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major-Generals Hunter and Cadwalader, Brigadier-General Wadsworth, and Colonel Schriver, recorder, and Major-General McCook.

The proceedings of the sixth day were read and approved.

Brig. General T. J. WOOD, U. S. Volunteers, being duly sworn, says to questions

By the COURT:

Question. Can you state any material facts bearing upon the conduct of General McCook on the 19th and 20th September, at the battle of Chickamauga?

Answer. I saw General McCook but once on the 19th, which was at Gordon's Mills, on the Chickamauga, where my division was lying, about 1 p.m. My division was not the engaged. Later in the day,at 3 p.m., I received an order from General Crittenden to move my division to where the battle was then going on, to take part in the action. I sent a staff officer to report this movement at department headquarters, and who met General McCook and told him that I was about moving. General McCook's troops were higher up the creek, and he said to my staff officer he would move some of his troops lower down. I did not, of course, remain to see

