
division and place it to the right rear of General Wood's position, to fill the gap between Wood and Sheridan. On returning from General Wood's position he met General Davis' division immediately behind General Wood, advancing. He asked General Davis said General Rosecrans, or words to that effect. He then told General Davis to place his division on the right of General Wood, as there was still an interval that point and the advance brigade of Sheridan brought forward to support Wood. General Davis' division was placed in position - one brigade in line of battle, one brigade in reserve. The distance from the right of General Davis' position to the advance brigade of Sheridan's division was about 300 yards to right and rear. The distance the right of General Sheridan's advanced brigade to the remaining two brigades of General Sheridan's division in position was one-fourth mile to right and rear. To the right of General Davis' position and in front of General Sheridan's position were two regiments of dismounted troops of Colonel Wilder's brigade, who were placed there by General McCook's order, to observe and protect the right flank. The remainder of Colonel Wilder's brigade, with an additional regiment of dismounted troops, was in position to the right and rear of General Sheridan's position upon a commanding eminence. Very soon after General McCook had placed General Davis in position he received an order from General Rosecrans to hold his troops in readiness to withdraw them to the support of General Thomas, who was heavily pressed; that the entire right must be withdrawn, if necessary, to secure the left. Orders were dispatched to division commanders to give the this information and order. Within a few minutes from the time this order was received another order was received from General Rosecrans, directing him to sent two brigades immediately of Sheridan's division as rapidly as the men could march without exhausting themselves, to the support of General Thomas. I was dispatches to carry this order. I ran my horse to General Sheridan's position at the Widow Glenn's, and gave him the order to take his two right brigades. I watched them file by the Widow Glenn's to the left, down the Dry Valley road toward General Thomas, Generals Sheridan and Lytle at their head. This took place at 11 o'clock.

Question. How long did it take you to ride from Widow Glenn's house to General Thomas' headquarters?

Answer. From the last time I was at the Widow Glenn's until I reached General Thomas' headquarters was three hours. The distance from the Widow Glenn's to General Thomas' position, by the nearest route a person could have rode with safety at 2 or 3 o'clock on Sunday p.m., was about 5 or 6 miles. The distance was supposed to have been greater, but by actual observation I was enabled to reach that point by riding about that distance.

By General McCOOK:

Question. How far from the house of Widow Glenn was the brigade of General Lytle placed, and was or not General Rosecrans' headquarters at the house, and he present when they took their position?

Answer. The Widow Glenn's house was immediately on the line of battle upon which General Lytle's command was placed. The house was General Rosecrans' headquarters during the afternoon and night of the 19th. He occupied it till the morning of the 20th. General Rosecrans saw General Lytle's troops in position there.

Question. Was not General McCook by his orders directed to hold the position at Widow Glenn's house; and if so, were his troops placed properly to do so, and also to hold the Dry Valley road?

Answer. His order from General Rosecrans required him to hold the position in which the Widow Glenn's house was located. It would have required a force twice the size of General McCook's command on that morning to have taken possession of that position and of the Dry Valley road there by an attack in front.

Question. Was not Major-General McCook active and energetic, on the morning of the 20th of September, in getting his troops into position agreeably to orders received from the general commanding?

Answer. He remained at Widow Glenn's house during the night of 19th. He left house in person long before daylight to place his troops in position. He

60 R R-VOL XXX, PT I

