
remained on horseback most of the morning, apparently active in examining his position and placing his troops, until I left him. He visited every part of the line of battle on the right in person.

Question. What hour was the line broken?

Answer. The line was assaulted, as far as I could judge from personal observation and from the noise of battle, at 11 a.m. on 20th. I saw the enemy attack the position at Widow Glenn's at few minutes post 11, by my time. I am not able to say from personal observation when the right of the line of battle gave way. I observed that our troops appeared, from the firing, to be falling back shortly after 11 o'clock.

By the COURT:

Question. Had the troops of General McCook thrown up any breastworks or other defensive works?

Answer. The troops of General Sheridan's division at the Widow Glenn's house had erected very strong breastworks and barricades. The troops of General Davis' division were placed in position behind breastworks already erected. The remaining troops had not been in position long enough to have erected breastworks before they were attacked.

The Court was ordered cleared, with the exception of General McCook and staff.

The Court was opened, and adjourned to meet again at 10 o'clock on the 8th instant.

EIGHTH DAY.

FEBRUARY 8, 1864.

The Court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major-Generals Hunter and Cadwalader, Brigadier-General Wadsworth, and Colonel Schriver, recorder, and Major-General McCook.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON, Thirteenth U. S. Infantry, being duly sworn, says to questions

By the COURT:

Question. Were you at the battle of Chickamauga,and in what capacity?

Answer. I was; in the capacity of aide-de-camp to the commanding general.

Question. Do you know any material facts bearing on the conduct of General McCook on 19th and 20th September, either favorable or unfavorable?

Answer. I suppose to answer that question my only way is to relate what I know of General McCook on that occasion. I saw General McCook on the morning of the 20th, where his corps was posted - I cannot fix the time, but early in the morning, perhaps 8 or 9 o'clock - in company with General Rosecrans and a number of his staff officers. After leaving him there, I have no recollection of having seen him again until after a breach in our line was made by the enemy. At that time General Rosecrans and his staff were in rear of our lines several hundred yards, I suppose, a little to the left of where the breach took place. Just then the command was given to the staff to mount and fall back to the base of the ridge, several hundred yards, I suppose. The staff and escort fell back accordingly, but while going there I noticed General Rosecrans turning to the left into the ravine and passing over toward the point (place) where General McCook's corps had been posted in the morning, and thus General Rosecrans became separated from the escort and staff. A momentary consultation took place between some of the officers as to whether we should pass over the ravine toward General McCook's headquarters or pass up the ridge and endeavor to reach to reach General Thomas' headquarters, and it was determined to proceed

