
toward Thomas', when, about that time, General McCook and his staff approached us and followed us on the ridge in the direction of Rossville. After passing some distance - I took no note of the time; I should think it was 12 to 1 o'clock - we came to a road in which there were a number of ammunition wagons, horses unhitched, and a number of prisoners. Some of the staff officers halted there, organized a guard to take charge of the prisoners, and marched them to Chattanooga, and some took charge of the ammunition wagons. At that time my attention was drawn to those things as they happened. General McCook passed on to the left, and I did not see him again during the day.

Question. Was General Morton and the guide, McDonald, with you on that occasion?

Answer. General Morton I remember coming up the hill to us just about the time that I first saw General McCook. He fell behind us, or waited and joined General McCook. That is all I remember of General Morton. I next halted about a mile west of Rossville; rallied stragglers; it is difficult to say to what corps they belonged, but to the best of my knowledge they belonged to General McCook's.

Question. Was there any difficulty in going from where you were to General Thomas' headquarters by a detour to the left?

Answer. You could go there, as events proved, but, of course, there were difficulties, such as going under fire.

There being on other witnesses in attendance, Court adjourned till 10 o'clock on 9th instant.

NINTH DAY.

FEBRUARY 9, 1864.

The Court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major-Generals Hunter and Cadwalader, Brigadier-General Wadsworth, and Colonel Schriver, record, and Major-General McCook.

LYNE STARLING, late assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, being duly sworn, says to questions.

By General McCOOK:

Question. Did you see General McCook on the 20th September at the battle of Chickamauga? If so, state what time, what was said, and what was he doing. State all you know about General McCook's movements at the battle of Chickamauga and until he reached Chattanooga.

Answer. After General Crittenden had sent me to reorganize the scattered troops, and I was in some doubts whether I should go to General Thomas or to Chattanooga, I started thought the hills to Rossville - no road - and fell in with General McCook. H asked me where General Crittenden was. I told him I was no sure, but believed he had gone to Chattanooga. I added that he was very cool and a man of sense, and said that it was there a man of sense should go under the circumstances. General McCook expressed a great desire to get to General Thomas, but doubted the possibility of doing it. About his time several officers rode up and one of them, a physician, and General McCook rode to them; they were acquaintances. I left him and went on toward Rossville. At a hill over which a road passed through a gap I found a captain of cavalry had placed a guard across the road and was collecting stragglers, and assisted him until General McCook again came up. He placed Colonel Wiles, General Rosecrans' provost-marshal, in command of the stragglers there when he came up, and rode into Chattanooga. He had a guide with him who deceived me, and I think General McCook, who took us into the Chattanooga Valley, some 10 miles from Chattanooga. WE went in that way to Chattanooga, where we arrived, I think, something later than 4 o'clock. I will add we expected to go to Chattanooga by Rossville, or very near it, and thought we were doing so until we struck this valley. The country was rough and hilly, being the Mission Ridge and its spurs.

