
JOSEPH C. HILL, late captain of Fifth Kentucky Cavalry, duly sworn, says to questions

By General McCOOK:

Question. Did you see General McCook at the battle of Chickamauga, after the line of battle had been broken, the morning of the 20th instant, and what was he doing?

Answer. About 10 o'clock on the 20th, just after the line had been broken. I saw General McCook doing everything in his power to rally the broken troops on a range of hills, just in rear of the line of battle. I remained with him nearly an hour, when I determined to find General Rosecrans, supposing he had gone to General Thomas' headquarters, and started in that direction about 500 yards, and narrowly escaped capture. I found that it was impossible to get to General Thomas' headquarters. Later in the day (3 p.m.) I found he might be reached by way of Rosseville, but it was impossible at that time by any other route. I had no means of fixing accurately the time the line broke, but I know when I saw General McCook was after the lien had broken.

Question. When did you next see General McCook, and what orders were the given to him?

Answer. At just sunset on 20th, in Chattanooga, at General Wagner's headquarters. I heard General Rosecrans order General McCook to lie down and rest, for, said General Rosecrans, "I am nearly worn out and want some one with me to take command, if necessary to assist me." What called for that order was the fact that I had just reported that General Thomas was all right; had stood his ground, and driven the enemy from the front.

Question. Was not that the first information that General Rosecrans had of General Thomas' condition and position?

Answer. It was.

By the COURT:

Question. Were you in the United Stated service on the 19th and 20th September, and what duty were you performing during the events you have related?

Answer. I was, and was at General Rosecrans' headquarters in obedience to an order received from him, and during the 19th and 20th acting as a member of his staff, not by any particular ordered, but was sent with dispatches and orders by him.

The Court was cleared.

The Court was opened, and it adjourned to meet at 10 a.m. on 10th instant.

TENTH DAY.

FEBRUARY 10, 1864.

The Court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major-Generals Hunter and Cadwalader, Brigadier-General Wadsworth, and Colonel Schriver, recorder, and Major-General McCook.

The proceeding of the ninth day were read and approved.

The Court adjourned to meet at 10 o'clock on 11th instant.

ELEVENTH DAY.

FEBRUARY 11, 1864.

There were no proceeding in this case to-day.

