
TWELFTH DAY.

FEBRUARY 12, 1864.

The Court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major-Generals Hunter and Cadwalader, Brigadier-General Wadsworth,and Colonel Schriver, recorder, and Major-General McCook.

Colonel J. T. WILDER, Seventh Indiana, being duly sworn, says to questions

By General McCOOK:

Question. Did you see General McCook on the morning of the 20th September?

Answer. I did.

Question. Did not General McCook display zeal, energy, and ability in posting his troops on the morning of September 20, 1863?

Answer. He did.

Question. With what force did the enemy attack General McCook's troops on the morning of September 20, 1863?

Answer, I do not know the exact number. The force I saw consisted of five lines. My command broke their line, exposing their flank to my view, and thus enabled me to see how many lines he had.

By the COURT:

Question. What was your command, and to what duty were you assigned on the morning of 20th?

Answer. My command consisted of a brigade of five regiments of mounted infantry, constituting First Brigade, Fourth Division, Fourteenth Army Corps (General Thomas'), and I was ordered by General Rosecrans to report to General McCook, who would assign me to my position, which he did in person.

By General McCOOK:

Question. Did you receive orders from General McCook that General Sheridan was going to move to the left to support General Thomas, and that you must keep well closed up to the left as he moved, and did you do so?

Answer. I did, and moved to the left to close up on General Sheridan, about one-fourth mile distant. Before I could reach him, although moving at double-quick, his line was driven back by an an overpowering rebel force.

By the COURT:

Question. What orders did you received from General McCook after Sheridan was driven back?

Answer. None, as the rebels were between him and me.

Question. Did you receive any further orders from him that day?

Answer. I did not.

The Court adjourned to meet at 10 o'clock on the 13th instant.

THIRTEENTH DAY.

FEBRUARY 13, 1864.

The Court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major-Generals Hunter and Cadwalader, Brigadier-General Wadsworth, and Colonel Schriver, recorder, and Major-General McCook.

The proceedings of the twelfth day were read and approved.

