
Captain J. ST. MORTON, U. S. Corps of Engineers, duly sworn, says to question.

By General McCOOK:

Question. What was your rank and position and duty on 20th September, 1863, during the battle of Chickamauga?

Answer. My rank was brigadier-General of volunteers; was chief engineer of Army of Cumberland, and served in that capacity on the staff of General Rosecrans during the first part of the engagement. Having become separated from General Rosecrans, I reported to General McCook, requesting him to place me temporarily on his staff.

Question. What time in the morning did you last see General McCook before the battle commenced, and was General Rosecrans present, and what did he say about General McCook's position?

Answer. At about 9.30 a.m. General Rosecrans was present. This interview took place on a hill a little in rear of the right of the line. Major-General McCook had posted two brigades and battery there. Major-General Rosecrans made several observations in approval of the position. This was at 9.30 o'clock.

Question. Were you constantly with General Rosecrans from that time until you were wounded, and General Rosecrans left you, after the lines were broken and our troops driven back?

Answer. I was either close alongside of him or within sight of him, and was not separated more than 200 yards from him.

Question. What time were the lines broken?

Answer. Having had no watch on the field, I can only give my judgment in this particular,and in regard to other times to which I may testify. It must have been 11.30 a.m.

Question. What time did you join General McCook, and where was it?

Answer. It must have been between 12 and 1 o'clock, and in the woods in rear of the point where our line had been pierced.

Question. What was the nature of the country and ground around about when you reported to General McCook?

Answer. The ground was hilly and wooded.

Question. Did you inform General McCook, after you examined your maps, and looking at the heavy clouds of dust which were rising on the left and the occasional sounds of artillery, that you believed the whole army was in retreat for Chattanooga?

Answer. I made repeated examinations of my map that day, using a prismatic compass to identify locality of clouds and dust and sound of firing. I made such a remark to Major-General McCook, at a point in Chattanooga Valley road from which a heavy column of dust could be seen northward on what I supposed to be the Rossville road.

Question. What was General McCook's conduct on 20th September at the battle of Chickamauga?

Answer. General McCook appeared to be perfectly composed, and appeared to be deeply of the reverse the army sustained. His disposition of the troops under his command was, in my opinion, eminently judicious.

The Court Was cleared.

The Court was opened, and adjourned to meet at 10 o'clock on the 15th instant.

