
the open fields, riding in front of my line. I met General McCook in the woods, who asked me some questions, and how I came there, &amp;c., or words to that effect. I told him my instructions. He then rode to the front with me, and pointed out to me my position. This position was on General Wood's right, forming on Colonel Buell's ridge of that division behind some rude breastworks, rails, chunks, &c., piled up. While superintending the movements of my troops to their position Colonel Buell rode up to me and informed me he had orders to move to the left; that the other brigades of his division were leaving, and informed me of his convictions of the close proximity of the enemy to our front, and of his fears of his being attacked as he withdrew his troops. I immediately ordered up my reserve brigade, and as this brigade was getting into position with two or three regiments on the line, the attack commenced on my right. The regiments not in line pushed forward into line and entered into the engagement, which at that time was becoming very severe. I received the order for the movement from this position early in the morning, at 10.45. I should think the attack was made at 11.15. i thin it was half an hour I was getting to the front. The effect of the removal of General Wood's division left a large space unoccupied, through which the enemy advanced in large numbers, turning my flank unopposed on that side.

Question. What was the strength of your command on 20th September, and by what number were you assailed?

Answer. It was between 1,300 and 1,400 men, having lost in the vicinity of 1,000 men killed and wounded on 19th, and one of my brigades being then in the vicinity of Crawfish Spring, not on the battle-field, reduced my command to 1,400 in round numbers. I had my rolls called on the night of 19th, and that was about the number that answered to their names. I am satisfied I was assailed by not less than three to one. It was a continuous line of battle nearly surrounding me; there were troops in the woods from which I saw them coming as i was falling back. I have visited the battle-field since frequently, and, judging from the length of the enemy's rifle-pits,the enemy might have outnumbered my force five to one.

Question. How soon after the line of battle was broken did you see General McCook; how was he engaged; what was his demeanor; did you express any opinion to him; if so, what was it?

Answer. I saw General McCook as I fell back on the ridge in the open fields, about or over a quarter mile in rear of our line when attacked. He seemed surrounded by his staff, engaged in rallying the troops. His demeanor was that of a general officer trying to rally his troops under desperate circumstances, under the enemy's fire. I do not think I expressed any opinion to General McCook at that point, but fifteen to thirty minutes after, I saw him on the ridge of the woods north of the Dry Valley road, near the position General Wood occupied in the morning, and spoke to him (McCook). I cannot remember the language used. He was giving me advice about rallying the men, and also expressed fear of the enemy's cavalry getting around in our rear. I expressed an opinion it was impossible to rally troops under such fire (alluding to the fire had just got from under), and advised to move them as rapidly as possible to the rear, so as to reform the lines. I saw General McCook quarter to half a mile still farther to the rear. I think General McCook came up to me and we had another conversation. I was engaged in completing the removed of my artillery and ammunition trains (also General Reynolds' ammunition train) into the road, and deploying General Reynolds' ammunition guard and my own provost guard which was guarding my ammunition train. General McCook gave me implied instructions to continue to fall back and form my troops, and spoke of the necessity of getting these trains to the rear. I do not think Rossville was mentioned. We were falling back toward Rossville near the Dry Valley road. At the time we were speaking, we were near the Dry Valley road which leads to Rossville, though I did not know it at the time. The country was entirely unknown to me, and I presume it was to most of us, as we were driven on to a new part of the field.

Question. After the line was broken, was it possible for General McCook to have passed to the left to General Thomas' position?

Did you contemplate sending artillery to General Thomas, and why did you abandon the intention?

Answer. I think it impossible. I contemplated moving in General Thomas' direction with my artillery, to put it in position, and I abandoned it from the fact that the enemy's advanced a skirmishers

drove us, compelling us to fall back. A

