
want of knowledge of the country also influenced me in falling back in the direction I did, it being a plain road.

Question. Did you at that time believe that the left was going to the rear on Rossville or Chattanooga, and when did you first change that opinion?

Answer. I believed the left were being driven back, but had no opinion as to where it was going other than that it was driven back. I changed my opinion that the left was driven back when Colonel Thruston reported to me at McFarland's farm that General Thomas was still holding his position. This was, as near as I can remember, between 2 and 3 p.m.

Question. Did not General McCook to everything that a general officer could do to rally the broken troops, and was he in any way responsible for the repulse on the right?

Answer. I think, from what I saw, that he did everything a general officer could do. I do not think he was responsible for the repulse of our troops on the right.

Question. Did or did not General McCook display vigor, energy, and zeal in posting his troops on the morning of the 20th September?

Answer. Yes,as far as I observed, and I judge as a division commander, and from the orders received from him, and his general manner whenever and wherever I saw him.

Question. Did you lose any artillery or any wagons during the battle of Chickamauga?

Answer. No;nor ammunition. Nothing but men.

Question. During the battle what was the condition of your commissariat, and quantity of ammunition on hand?

Answer. I had a large supply of ammunition after the battle. I issued considerable amounts to other commanders. After issuing a few thousand rations to the wounded at Crawfish Spring, I had eleven day's supply of rations in my train. I had eighteen day's deducting my killed, wounded, and missing.

Question. How far is it from the Widow Clenn's to Chattanooga by Rossville?

Answer. Nine miles, I would call it. I have traveled it several times.

By the COURT:

Question. When and where did you rally your command after it was broken on the morning of the 20th, and where did you take it?

Answer. At a farm known as McFarland's on the Dry Valley road, between 1 and 2 o'clock, and I marched it back by the Dry Valley road, and commended to form it near General Gordon Granger's right, when I received an order from General Garfield, chief of staff, to return to Rossville with it, being informed at the same time that the whole army was falling back to that point. This was between sunset and dark, and I arrived at Rossville between 9 and 10 o'clock.

By General McCOOK:

Question. Was there anything like a panic among the troops of General McCook's corps after they commenced falling back?

Answer. I did not consider the conduct of the troops indicated the least panic. Their conduct was that of troops being overwhelmed by great numbers.

Question. What troops were detached from General McCook's corps on 19th September, 1863, and whose order?

Answer. During the night of 18th I received orders to follow Johnson's division, of McCook's corps, which was following Thomas' corps in the general movement of the army to the left. I did so, and on my way passed General McCook, who informed me he had been ordered to remain there and take command of that part of the field,and directed me to move on in the direction of the Widow Glenn's and

