
report for orders to General Rosecrans of Thomas, whomever I could find first. I found General Rosecrans at the Widow Glenn's house, and reported accordingly. I received order during the day after that from General Rosecrans and reported to him until after night, when General McCook assumed command, at what hour I cannot say-the of the night.

The Court adjourned to meet at 10 o'clock in the council chamber, corner of Jefferson and Sixth streets, on the 16th instant.

FIFTEENTH DAY.

FEBRUARY 16, 1864.

The Court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major-Generals Hunter and Cadwalader, Brigadier-General Wadsworth, and Colonel Schriver, recorder, and Major-General McCook.

The proceeding of the fourteenth day were read and approved.

Lieutenant Colonel A. C. DUCAT, assistant inspector-general, Department of the Cumberland, being duly sworn, says to questions

By General McCOOK:

Question. Did you see General McCook on the 19th September? What was he doing and what was his demeanor?

Answer. I saw General McCook during the forenoon, and, I think, as late as 2 p.m. His demeanor was becoming a general officer, making disposition of troops when not engaged. He was energetic in pushing troops to the left during the forenoon on the march. I was not acquainted with his orders. He seemed zealous and energetic.

Major G. P. THURSTON,recalled, says to questions

By General McCOOK:

Question. What was your rank, and in what capacity were you acting at the battle of Chickamauga?

Answer. My rank was lieutenant-colonel, assistant adjutant-general, Twentieth Army Corps, and chief of Major-General McCook's staff.

Question. Who had charge of the order received by General McCook on the 19th of September? Can you produce them, identify them? Can you produce true copies?

Answer. I generally took charge of all orders received by General McCook, filed them, and noted dates of receipt. Here are the original orders.

(Witness produced six pieces, certified copies of which he is to furnish to the Court, marked A in appendix.)

Question. Were all these orders obeyed?

Answer. The orders of the 19th were obeyed, as far as I was capable of judging. I was with General McCook the entire day and feel certain they were explicitly obeyed.

Question. Have you charge of the orders to General McCook on 20th; will you produce them, identify them, and can your furnish true copies?

Answer. I have charge of the orders received on 20th. I here produce them (four pieces), and three copies can be furnished to the Court.

Marked A in appendix.

The order dated 11.45 a.m. should be dated 11.45 p.m. when it was received. General Garfield afterward corrected and explained the date. It was received from General Rosecrans in person, in my presence at midnight on Saturday night.

