
Question. Did you leave for General Thomas before or after the advance of General Granger's troops, and did you go to the front or rear of his troops?

Answer. General Granger's troops had engaged the enemy before or about the time I passed to General Thomas' headquarters. I do not think I would have been able to reach General Thomas by the route I took,if General had not opened the way. I believe I was the first person who reached General Thomas from the right of the army the line was broken.

Question. At what hour did you return to the place where you met General Davis at McFarland's farm?

Answer. About 4 p.m. General Thomas states in his official report that I reported to him at 4 p.m.

Here the Court, at the request of General McCook, directed to be inserted in the record an order which was received by General Crittenden from General Garfield, chief of General Rosecrans' staff, and which was put in as evidence by General Crittenden on the fourteenth day. It is as follows:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Widow Glenn's House, September 19, 1863-11.20 p.m.

[Understood to be addressed to]

General CRITTENDEN:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to inform you that General McCook has been order to hold this gap to-morrow, covering the Dry Valley road, his right resting near this place, his left connecting with General Thomas' right.

Very respectfully,your obedient servant,J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

Question. What was the difference in the times at which orders dated 10.10 a.m. and 10.30 on 20th September were received by General McCook?

Answer. They were received almost simultaneously; the difference in time could not have been more than six minutes, the staff officers carrying these orders to General McCook's troops following each other almost immediately.

Witness here desired to correct his testimony given on the seventh day.

In my first examination I stated that the order to relieve General Negley was received about 7 a.m. on 20th. Subsequent reflection has led me to believe I was mistaken as to this date. The fog had risen and cleared, and I believe the hour was later, but the precise time I do not feel willing to attempt to state.

Question. What portion of General McCook's troops fought with General Thomas on the 19th September?

Answer. The largest division of General McCook's, General Johnson's, reported to General Thomas early on that day, and remained with him during the entire actions on 19th and 20th. General Davis' division, consisting of two brigades, was sent to the left, by order of General Rosecrans, later in the day. Afterward General Sheridan's entire command was sent to the front and left, and General McCook remained in command of the cavalry only, which had not yet reported to him. These dispositions were made by order of General Rosecrans.

By the COURT:

Question. Did General McCook, so far as you know, give any orders to the cavalry on his right after his own line broke on 20th?

Answer. He did; to close up to the left and fill up the gap made by the withdrawal of General Sheridan. I assisted in person in placing the cavalry in position on the right (Wilder's brigade). I then proceeded to the commanding officer of the nearest cavalry division, and gave him an order in General McCook's name to close to the left, and endeavor to support our right. I sent this order in General McCook's

