
to General Mitchell (commanding the whole cavalry), by a staff officer. General Rosecrans had given General McCook permission to order the cavalry. General Mitchell replied twice that General Rosecrans had ordered him not to leave Crawfish Spring. There was a gap of a mile between the cavalry and Wilder's brigade (mounted infantry, which was immediately on our right). General Rosecrans told General Mitchell subsequently, in my presence, that he should have obeyed General McCook's order, and closed in to the left; that this was in accordance with the general understanding.

Captain I. C. McELFATRICK, Thirtieth Indiana Volunteer Infantry, being duly sworn, says to questions

By General McCOOK:

Question. What was your rank and in what capacity were you acting at the battle of Chickamauga?

Answer. Captain and topographical engineer of Twentieth Army Corps.

Question. Where was General McCook at the moment the attack was made on 20th; what orders did he give; where did he go?

Answer. He was just in rear of the position General Davis occupied, perhaps half a mile north of the Widow Glenn's. He ordered Colonel Laiboldt, who was in position there, to move forward in support of General Davis. General McCook remained there until all the troops fell back, and he went with them.

Question. Were you with General McCook at the time he last met General Davis; do you recollect the instructions he gave him?

Answer. I was. My recollection is that he instructed him to fall back in the direction of Rossville.

Question. After leaving General Davis, in what direction did General McCook proceed, and with what object?

Answer. He moved thence in a southwesterly direction, where he expected to find General Sheridan and his troops.

Question. Were you with him when you met Captain Sheridan, of General Sheridan's staff, and did you hear the conversation between them? What instructions, if any, were given by General McCook?

Answer. I was; but being some distance off, I did not hear the conversation.

Question. Did Generals Rosecrans and McCook meet after the attack was made on Davis' line?

Answer. General Rosecrans passed down the Dry Valley road, but did not stop but a very short time, perhaps half a minute. I think General McCook did not speak to him at all.

Question. At this point of time, what was the condition of Laiboldt's brigade, of Sheridan's division?

Answer. Laiboldt's brigade gad been driven back nearly a quarter of a mile.

Question. Was anything said by General McCook as to reaching General Thomas' position? Did you make any attempt to go to the left? Why did you return?

Answer. I heard him express desire repeatedly to get to General Thomas. I attempted to go to the left myself, but I found the troops on our left in greater confusion than in our immediate front, and it was impossible to go there.

Question. I heard him express desire repeatedly to get to General Thomas. I attempted to go the left myself, but I found the troops on our left in greater confusion that in our immediate front, and it was impossible to go there.

Question. What was General McCook's demeanor on the field during the dispositions preliminary to the attack, and during the attack, and after it?

Answer. General McCook was zealous and energetic in posting his troops in the morning. During the attack and after the lines were broken, he was cool and collected, and did everything that was possible in rallying his troops.

