
By the COURT:

Question. Did General McCook, so far as you know, give any orders to the cavalry on his right after his line broke on the 20th?

Answer. I do not know.

The Court adjourned to meet at 10 o'clock on the 17th instant.

SIXTEENTH DAY.

FEBRUARY 17, 1864.

The Court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major-Generals Hunter and Cadwalader, Brigadier-General Wadsworth, and Colonel Schriver, recorder, and Major-General McCook.

The proceeding of the fifteenth day were read and approved.

At the request of General McCook, and to prevent the witness, who is now absent, from being recalled, the Court directed the following testimony, given in the case of General Crittenden by Captain Richard Lodor, Fourth U. S. Artillery, who was lieutenant-colonel and assistant inspector-general of Twenty-first Army Corps in the battle of Chickamauga, to be inserted in this record:

"Question. Did you attempt on Sunday to go to General Thomas, and with what success?"

"Answer. I did, and tried hard for there hours to get to Genera Thomas from the position General Crittenden occupied when he left to find General Rosecrans, and ascertained the only way to get from that position without being captured was by passing back toward Chattanooga. * * * I believe it to have been impossible for any one to pass from the position General Crittenden occupied near the batteries to our lines in the front. I am an artillery officer, and have been serving in that corps nearly eight years."

Captain McElfatrick,recalled, says to question

By General McCOOK:

Question. Had not General Rosecrans, by orders, detained General McCook at Chattanooga on the evening of September 20, could not General McCook have reached Rossville before his rallied troops arrived there?

Answer. Yes.

Question. At what point did General Morton take his observation and examine his maps?

Answer. A short distance south of the Dry Valley road, not over a mile in rear of the line of battle.

Captain ALEXANDER C. McCLURG, Eighty-eighth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, duly sworn, says to questions

By General McCOOK:

Question. What was your rank and position at the battle of Chickamauga?

Answer. Captain, and detailed to act as assistant adjutant-general of the Twentieth Army Corps, commanded by General McCook.

Question. Did or did not General McCook display energy and zeal in posting his troops on the morning of 20th September?

Answer. He did; a great deal of energy, especially in the early part of the morning, in fixing the position of the right of the line in such position that it would command the Dry Valley road. That seemed to be his particular anxiety.

