
Question. Did not General McCook frequently express a desire to reach General Thomas after the line was broken?

Answer. He did. When we were following the guide he kept bearing toward the left. Several times the general expressed the opinion we were going too far to the left; two or three times he rode the right himself, stopped, and listened to the artillery firing then going on; said that was certainly General Thomas' guns, and that was should keep more to the right, and not in the direction the guide was taking us. The guide argued the direction he was taking was the only feasible one convinced we were going too far to the left, that I asked if the guide was reliable, and whether he would not bring us pu in the enemy's line. I did not express that opinion to General McCook, however.

Question. Did not General McCook do all in his power to rally the broken troops?

Answer. He did all that one man individually could do by his own efforts; and also had all his staff and escort, and even the clerks who were with us, to try to rally them.

Question. What was General McCook's demeanor before, during, and after the battle?

Answer. In the early part of the morning have was calm and confident, and was engaged energetically in posting the troops. Later, and shortly before the attack took place, he seemed very anxious times while watching the dust rising in the woods opposite, said he was satisfied that General Rosecrans was mistaken, and that a very formidable attack would be made there; that the troops left there were not sufficient to hold the line. He repeated that with a great deal of anxiety in his manner, just after receiving the order to send two brigades of Sheridan's division to the left. Just as the attack was made, I was not with the general. Just after the lines were broken I rejoined him, and was with him for some time under a heavy fire, while he was doing all in his power to rally troops.

Question. Had not General Rosecrans, by orders, detained General McCook at Chattanooga in the evening of the 20th, could not General McCook have reached Rossville before his rallied troops arrived there?

Answer. Yes.

The Court was closed.

The Court was opened, and adjourned till 10 o'clock on the 18th February.

SEVENTEENTH DAY.

FEBRUARY 18, 1864.

The Court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major-Generals Hunter and Cadwalader, Brigadier-General Wadsworth,and Colonel Schriver, recorder, and Major-General McCook.

The proceeding of the sixteenth day were read and approved.

The Court was cleared.

The Court was opened, and adjourned to meet at 10 o'clock on the 19th instant.

EIGHTEENTH DAY.

FEBRUARY 19, 1864.

The Court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major-Generals Hunter and Cadwalader, Brigadier-General Wadsworth,and Colonel Schriver, recorder, and Major-General McCook.

General McCook being asked if he had any other witnesses, said that Captain Sheridan had been summoned many days ago and had

