
failed to appear. He expressed a willingness, however, to introduce a witness who could give substantially what he desired to prove by Captain Sheridan, and accordingly, by permission of the Court,

Captain B. D. WILLIAMS,aide-de-camp to General McCook, was recalled, and says to questions

By General McCOOK:

Question. What officer of General McCook's personal staff had charge of obtaining information in regard to roads and country?

Answer. I was the officer, and had that subject specially under my charge.

Question. Had General McCook over been on the ground over which his troops fought, until Sunday morning, September 20?

Answer. Not to my knowledge. If he had, I think I should have known it.

Question. When General McCook last left General Davis, in what direction did he go, and for what object?

Answer. He went to the right of the main line toward Crawfish Spring. The guide, Mr. McDonald, informed him he would have to go in that direction to strike the road which came from Crawfish Spring, leading int he direction of Chickamauga Creek. The general expressed his desire to find General Sheridan's division of his corps, which had been driven back in the direction of Crawfish Spring.

Question. Did he meet an officer of General Sheridan's staff; if so, whom, and what inquiries were made in regard to General Sheridan?

Answer. About 1 1/2 miles from the point where he left General Davis, and after traveling through the woods without any roads, he met Captain Sheridan, brother of General Sheridan, and aide-de-camp to him, and inquired of him if he knew where General Sheridan was. Captain Sheridan informed him, pointing in the direction of Crawfish Spring, that he was about 1 1/2 miles from there, and sending the wagons to the rear. He, Captain Sheridan, was near the house of Mr. Vidito.

Question. Did you hear what directions General McCook gave Captain Sheridan, or did General McCook inform you what directions he had given to be taken to General Sheridan?

Answer. I did not hear the directions General McCook gave to Captain Sheridan as they rode up the hill together, I being in rear a short distance. General McCook informed me that he had told Captain Sheridan to direct his brother, General Sheridan, to bring his troops in the direction of Rossville and Chattanooga; also to send in all the wounded able to be transported, from Crawfish Spring, where one of our hospitals was; also to send all the wagons to Chattanooga as he, General McCook,was going in that direction.

Question. Was there any firing in the front or any pursuit by the enemy when General McCook left that part of the field?

Answer. General McCook left the field after the firing had ceased, except an occasional cannon shot away to the left, and said he could do no further good there, after he had given the directions I have stated.

Question. At what point did General McCook ascertain that the was nearer Chattanooga than Rossville?

Answer. He proceeded from the house of Mr. Vidito until he reached the forks of the road, one going to Chattanooga, the other to Rossville, where he met some troops. He inquired whose troops they were, and was informed they were under the command of General Spears. He inquired where General Spears was, and was told he was a short distance off. He rode up to him and had conversation. General Spears informed him General Rosecrans had sent him out from Chattanooga to go to Rossville, to render what assistance he could to the army. We were then 1 1/2 to 2 miles from Chattanooga and about 4 miles from Rossville. General McCook remarked he would gallop into Chattanooga, see General Rosecrans, and

