
FIRST DAY.

NASHVILLE, January 29, 1864.

The Court met, pursuant to the above order, at 10 a.m., in the Saint Cloud Hotel.

Present, Major General David Hunter, U. S. Volunteers; Major General George Cadwalader, Brig. General J. S. Wadsworth, U. S. Volunteers; Colonel Edmund Schriver, inspector-general, recorder.

Major General T. L. Crittenden, U. S. Volunteers, whose conduct is ordered to be investigated, was also present.

The order appointing the Court was then road. Major-General Crittenden being asked if he had any objections to the officers named in the detail, and replying in the negative, the members and recorder were sworn in his presence.

The Court then proceeded with the investigation,and directed the recorder to make the following communication to Major General George H. Thomas:

NASHVILLE, January 29, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland, Chattanooga:

The Court of Inquiry by Special Orders, No. 13, War Department, for the investigation of "the conduct of Major-Generals McCook, Crittenden, and Negley, U. S. Volunteers, at the battle of Chickamauga, and in leaving the field," desire you to send to me at the battle of Chickamauga, and in leaving the field," desire you to send to me at the Galt House in Louisville, as soon as possible, certified copies of all reports which may be in your possession, bearing on the conduct of those officers on the occasion referred to; and also the best map you have of the battle-field and the surrounding country. It is most desirable to have these reports and the map sent by an officers capable of explaining to the Court the position of the troops engaged.

The Court wish you also to send any officers of your command who may have knowledge of the matter to be investigated, to report to the Court in Louisville, the names of whom you are desired to communicate to me. Please acknowledge this.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Inspector-General, Recorder.

On being questioned by the Court whether any papers or communications touching the matters to be investigated had been furnished, the recorder stated as follows:

Only one communication, that of General W. S. Rosecrans to the adjutant-general of the Army, dated October 14, 1863, relative to Major-General Negley. That he addressed to the Adjutant-General of the Army the following communications:

LOUISVILLE, January 27, 1864.

The ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acquaint you that General Hunter has arrived here, and that the officers detailed for the Court instituted by Special Orders, No. 13, to investigate the conduct of Major-General McCook, Crittenden, and Negley, will repair to Nashville to-morrow. At an informal meeting had, it was seen that no papers respecting the conduct of those officers have yet been furnished to the Court, and I was, therefore, directed to request that any reports or communications on the subject, which may be on field in the Ward Department, as well as the names and address of any persons who are known to be acquainted with the transportation ordered to be investigated, be sent to me at this place, whither the Court will return for the purpose of receiving the testimony of Major-General Rosecrans, on 1st of February.

Very respectfully,&amp;c.,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Inspector-General, Recorder.

