
Question. Do you know whether there were three brigades in either of those divisions?

Answer. I do not.

Question. Do you now whether any portion of the remaining division belonging to General Crittenden's corps fought with General Thomas on Sunday, 20th September?

Answer. I do not know. I will state a considerable number of stragglers of General Davis' division were reformed in rear of the right of the line, among whom were some men belonging to General Crittenden's corps.

Question. Do you know to whose corps General Davis belonged?

Answer. I believe he belonged to General McCook's corps.

The Court adjourned to meet at 11 o'clock on the 1st February, at Louisville, Ky.

SECOND DAY.

LOUISVILLE, February 1, 1864.

The Court met, pursuant to adjournment, in the supreme court room.

Present, Major-Generals Hunter and Cadwalader, Brigadier-General Wadsworth, and Colonel Schriver, recorder, and Major-General Crittenden.

The proceedings of the first day were read an approved.

The Court adjourned to meet at 10 o'clock on 2nd February.

THIRD DAY.

LOUISVILLE, February 2, 1864.

The Court met, pursuant to adjournment, in the supreme court room.

Present, Major-Generals Hunter and Cadwalader, Brigadier-General Wadsworth, and Colonel Schriver, recorder, and Major-General Crittenden.

Major LOUIS M. BUFORD, aide-de-camp to Major-General Crittenden (act of July 17, 1862), being duly sworn, says to questions

By the COURT:

Question. Where were the troops of General Crittenden's command posted on Sunday morning, 20th September, and where was General Crittenden at that time?

Answer. They were posted in the reserve, General Wood on the right of the line and General Van Cleve on the left in the rear. General Palmer was detached with General Thomas. We were on the slope of Missionary Ridge, General Crittenden with his command.

Question. At what time did the command break after it was attacked?

Answer. I do not know.

Question. What efforts were made by General Crittenden to rally the troops, and where did he go?

Answer. He was with the batteries on a hill, and sent me off to rally the men, and I did not see him again until I got near Rossville.

