
Answer. They were ordered to support General Thomas on the left, and were making the movement.

Question. Were there any other troops of General Crittenden's command subject to his orders at this time?

Answer. I do not think there was.

Question. Were the troops of General Crittenden's command in reserve when broken?

Answer. No.

Captain GEORGE G. KNOX, aide-de-camp to General Crittenden (act 17th July, 1862), being duly sworn, says to questions

By the COURT:

Question. What was General Crittenden's command on the morning of 20th September?

Answer. A part of the Twenty-first Corps, the First Division of General Wood, and the Third Division of General Van Cleve.

Question. Where was it posted?

Answer. In the reserve in the rear of the line of battle.

Question. At what time did they retreat?

Answer. About 12 o'clock.

Question. Where was General Crittenden as this time?

Answer. He was close to the line of battle until he saw that it was broken, and in confusion, and then he went to a hill where some batteries were (in the rear), and staid there till they left and all stragglers had passed, and that no regular line was formed.

Question. Where did he go then?

Answer. He stopped at Rossville, and then went on to Chattanooga.

Question. At what time did he arrive at Chattanooga?]

Answer. About 4 o'clock, I should think.

Question. Where did he go then, and what did he do till he went out to Rossville.

Answer. He went to General Rosecrans's headquarters and remained about 15 or 20 minutes, when I was ordered to see what men were rallied and where, and to report to him.

Question. At what hour were you sent out to Rossville?

Answer. About 15 minutes after I arrived; about 15 minutes after four.

By General CRITTENDEN:

Question. At the time Van Cleve's two brigades were broken, were the troops on the right broken?

Answer. I saw stragglers, but could not tell whether the line was broken or not. It is my opinion that it was.

The Court adjourned to meet at 10 o'clock on 3rd February.

