
FOURTH DAY.

LOUISVILLE, February 3, 1864.

The Court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major-Generals Hunter and Cadwalader, Brigadier-General Wadsworth, and Colonel Schriver, recorder, and Major-General Crittenden.

The proceedings of third day were read and approved.

Captain JOHN J. McCOOK, aide-de-camp (act 17th July, 1862) to

Major-General Crittenden, being duly sworn, says to questions

By the COURT:

Question. What was General Crittenden's command and where was he posted?

Answer. Two divisions; five brigades. He was posted in reserve, on the east slope of Missionary Ridge, half a mile north of the Widow Glenn's house, a little west of north, three-quarters of a mile in the rear of the line, the divisions being commanded by

Brigadier-Generals Wood and Van Cleve.

Question. What troops were in front of it?

Answer. As near as I can say, in rear of General Brannan's and General Reynolds'.

Question. When did General Crittenden's command break?

Answer. There was only a part of the two brigades broken, and that I believe was General Van Cleve's division. They broke about 12.30 o'clock.

Question. What became of the other brigades.

Answer. General Wood's two brigades remained together, and were moved to the left of the army and joined to one of General Van Cleve's.

Question. By whose orders?

Answer. General Wood was moved by direct order of General Rosecrans,and General Van Cleve was under orders when he broke.

Question. Did this leave General Crittenden only in command of the two broken brigades of General Van Cleve?

Answer. At the time there was not a soldier under his command when Van Cleve broke. They had been ordered to report to General Thomas.

Question. What did General Crittenden do after this and where did he go?

Answer. General Crittenden was then in the rear of the line, about 200 yards from it. When General Van Cleve was moved to the left, General Crittenden's attention was called to the batteries on the hill in his rear. Upon looking at the line of battle it was in great confusion, and before he had time to move in any direction the enemy's skirmishers were between him and the troops. He then rode toward the batteries. While going up the hill we noticed General Van Cleve;s brigade moving to the left, as ordered by General Rosecrans, in double column closed en masse. Soon after this, men came pouring from the line in General Van Cleve's front, also caissons from a battery were driven through his ranks at great speed, seriously injuring several men, and almost at the same time the enemy advanced upon him and attacked before he had time to recover the organization of his troops from the disorder. General Crittenden remained at the batteries for some time, sending officers to the right and left to get information of the condition of affairs. They soon returned, and reported having been fired upon. The general was about to start to find some organized body of troops to support the batteries, when he was called back by some of the artillery officers, asking where they should go in case they were driven from their position. He expected to find support,so he told them they must not be driven, and before he left the batteries a good many of the horses and some of the men had been killed, the enemy being so near upon them. When General

62 R R-VOL XXX, PT I

