
Question. From what you know of his position and occupation, did General Crittenden ever have an opportunity to see General Thomas' line?

Answer. His opportunity consisted only of the brief interval between daylight a.m. of 20th and the time when the battle began. The battle reached the position occupied first int he a.m. by General Wood in full force near 11 o'clock, but there was skirmishing on that line at 8 in the morning.

Question. Was if foggy on the morning of the 20th?

Answer. It was foggy and smoky until after 8 o'clock.

The Court adjourned to meet at 10 o'clock on the 6th of February.

SEVENTH DAY.

LOUISVILLE, February 6, 1864.

The Court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major-Generals Hunter and Cadwalader, Brigadier-General Wadsworth, and Colonel Schriver, recorder, and Major-General Crittenden.

Brig. General T. J. WOOD, U. S. Volunteers, being duly sworn,says to questions

By the COURT:

Question. Were you under General Crittenden's command in the battle of Chickamauga; and, if so, in what capacity? Did you see General Crittenden during the battle, and how did he conduct himself as a soldier and a general?

Answer. I was; as commander of First Division, of Twenty-first Army Corps. I saw General Crittenden during the p.m. of the 19th several times. We were together at one time for one-half hour, perhaps even longer. I saw him between midnight and daylight Sunday morning,

20th, and received some orders and instructions from him at that time. I saw him again shortly after daylight of same day, and at various intervals during the morning of 20th up to 9 to 9.30 o'clock. During these intervals,till I last saw hi, I received some orders and instructions from him. He conduct himself during the whole of the time that I saw him properly, both as a soldier and general officer, in my judgment and opinion.

The Court adjourned to meet at 10 o'clock on the 8th instant.

EIGHTH DAY.

FEBRUARY 8, 1864.

The Court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major-Generals Hunter and Cadwalader, Brigadier-General Wadsworth, and Colonel Schriver, recorder, and Major-General Crittenden.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON, Thirteenth U. S. Infantry,being duly sworn, says to questions

By the COURT:

Question. Were you at the battle of Chickamauga; and, if so, do you know any material facts which bear on the conduct of General Crittenden on 19th and 20th September?

Answer. I was. I have no personal knowledge of General Crittenden in that battle.

