
anxiety to see General Crittenden,as he, General Davis, had gone into the fight just about the same point that Van Cleve had gone in, and was being much pressed by the enemy. He said he wished very much he had a brigade, as it would save him. I told him I would immediately bring him one, and brought Colonel Harker, of General Wood's division. I took my position in the road to wait for General Wood, to show him where to take his last brigade. Just before General Wood, who was coming at the head of Buell's brigade, got to my position he called out in a very loud voice: "Why is there no staff officer to show me what position to take? There is no staff officer to show me where to go," I called to him: "General Wood, you are mistaken; I am here for that purpose. General Davis' forces are already engaged. He knows their position and can best direct you." General Davis was right by me, rode up, and they consulted together, and placed Buell's command in position. But just as Generals Wood and Davis were consulting I saw General Crittenden with his staff near General Wood, and between General Wood and the head of Buell's column, and I called to General Wood: "Here is General Crittenden in person; you had better confer with him." I am thus particular in this narrative, because General Wood says in his official report, notwithstanding all this, that there was not staff officer at that point to show him where to put in his troops. Now, it is proper to state that we were under fire, very near a battery of General Davis', which was firing rapidly, and it is possible General Wood did not hear, thought I spoke very loud. In a short time afterward, after Buell's command became engaged, Carlin's brigade of General Davis' command, who were in front of Buell's, broke over Buell, and the whole were pressed back across the field, through which there was a ravine, at which General Crittenden attempted to rally the men, directing them to form in the gully. He made great efforts to accomplish this, and was more exposed than I have ever seen a general officer in my experience. The firing was so heavy, that I spoke to him and told him we had better form them in the woods on the other side of the field, as the firing was so very heavy that it was impossible to form the men there. He immediately assented to this, and told me to go there and rally them, but rode very leisurely to the same point. We did rally them there; got some two or three batteries into position and drove the enemy back, and our troops recrossed the field and occupied the ground on the other side from which they had been driven. Colonel Buell stated to me (and I think it is in his official reported also) that, in collecting his wounded that night, he took over 100 out of that gully or ravine, which shows the excessive severity of the fire. It is proper to state that we had all been excessively exhausted from want of sleep and continuous marching. That night (19th), about midnight I was ordered to join General Crittenden, to join him in arranging our troops in reserve. We did not find General Van Cleve until daylight, although we hunted for him diligently,and consequently did not get him into position until about daylight. At this time General Crittenden's troops were posted as follows:

General Palmer had been detached to the assistance of General Thomas the day before, as I have stated. General Wood, with two brigades, one having been left in Chattanooga as a guard under General Wagner. General Van Cleve, with three brigades, was placed in reserve at the foot of Mission Ridge, by the Dry Valley road. We were then on the right of the rear of General Thomas' extreme right. General Rosecrans ordered General Wood's division to take the place of General Negley's division, which had been ordered to General Thomas' left, Barnes' brigade,of Van Cleve's division, went with General Wood, by order General Crittenden. This was early in the morning; I do not recollect the precise time. General Van Cleve's command was ordered farther to the left, so as to bring it just in rear of General Wood's new position - General Negley's old position. General Van Cleve halted upon a rising ground just to the rear of the open ground, and just to the rear of some four or five batteries which were placed in position. Orders had been sent back not to bring these batteries forward, as the wood was so thick they could not be used, and General Crittenden had directed Major Mendenhall, chief of artillery, to place them in this commanding position. From this position General Rosecrans afterward ordered General Van Cleve to be thrown farther forward and to the left. The troops were in this position when General Rosecrans came up, and General Crittenden and he were together without their staffs. General Rosecrans ordered me, in the presence of General Crittenden, to go General Wood and order him to close to the left on Reynolds and support him. There was no firing, and no evident need support for any one, and I hesitated, not understanding the object of the order, when General Garfield, General Rosecrans' chief of staff, called out to me that the object of the order was that General Wood should occupy the vacancy made by the removal of Brannan's division, Brannan having been ordered to General Thomas' left. I gave the orders to General Wood, told him the object of it, and he stated General Brannan was in position, and that there was no vacancy between

