
prisoners, from he position we last saw them in and the position of the enemy near them. I thought the same, from the fact of none of their troops passing down the road to Rossville, which ran at the foot of the hill in which we were. I answered that it General Crittenden regarded public opinion or newspaper reports, he had battery try to go General Thomas, where the firing was still kept up. He interrupted me and said: "You know I care for nothing of that kind. My whole object is to do my duty ass an officer." I then hold him I thought there could be no doubt, if Generals McCook and Rosecrans were killed or taken, his proper position was in Chattanooga, to reorganize the scattered troops for further operations. Without expressing any opinion that I understood he ordered me to go and organize the scattered troops that were there on the hill; to place them under a captain he designated; to tell him to collect all stragglers possible as he went in, and constitute his command for a guard for a number of wagons that were passing over the hill to Chattanooga. In this was I became separated from General Crittenden, and did not meet him again until I met him in Chattanooga.

I went in with General McCook, with whom I had fallen in about 4 p.m. Our transportation and servants had been sent in when the battle commenced, and had arranged headquarters. I understood General Crittenden was at General Rosecrans' headquarters, and found him lying down, but in conversation with his adjutant-general Captain Oldershaw; told him I had had headquarters arranged, and advised him to go there and take some res while he was waiting for orders. He did so. About 9 p.m. he sent me to General Rosecrans' headquarters to ascertain in any important information had been received. I remained the until 10.30, then returned found him asleep, but did not disturb him as there was no information of any importance. At 12 midnight we had orders to repair to General Rosecrans' headquarters, and go with General McCook to the front. We went but it was some time before we received orders, and got to Rossville at about daylight and reported to General Thomas.

The Court was cleared.

The Court was opened, and adjourned to meet at 10 o'clock on the 10th instant.

TENTH DAY.

FEBRUARY 10, 1864.

The Court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major-Generals Hunter and Cadwalader, Brigadier-General Wadsworth,and Colonel Schriver, recorder, and Major-General Crittenden.

Major LYNE STARLING, late assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, states that there are some omissions in his evidence yesterday which he will supply.

General Palmer's division consisted of about 5,000 men, and comprised almost half of General Crittenden's whole force in the field, which was only about 11,000; that the two brigades of General Van Cleve had been very much cut up the day before (19th) and really contained less then 2,00, considerably less on 20th; that when, by the firing of the batteries alluded to, the enemy's troops which were approaching were driven back, the batteries formed the only force that was opposed to the enemy between them and the junctions of the roads I have called Dry Valley and Rossville, in the rear of General Thomas' command, and that that junction was less than a mile from the enemy's troops at that time. Although some of the batteries were taken by not being allowed to retire I consider the fact of the enemy having been driven back by the battery as one of very great importance, and probably prevented very serious disaster to our army.

Some days after the battle of Chickamauga, and just after we received notice that General Crittenden was removed from the command of his corps, I was present with Generals Rosecrans, Garfield, Crittenden, Gordon Granger, and King, and a number of other officers. General Crittenden said he would rather event of his military career; that in previous battles it had only been necessary for him to hold positions assigned him, but that in this one he had ordered movements, had acted on his judgment, and had, as he thought, shown some capacity as a general. General Rosecrans immediately spoke with great emphasis, "General Crittenden, it gives me great pleasure to declare that every act of yours in the battle of Chickamauga met my cordial approbation. Every act was but an anticipation of my orders, every movement we well timed, and every lick told."

