
General Garfield then interposed and said. "General Crittenden acted more frequently without orders, and upon his own responsibility, than any other officer,yet every movement was exactly right and every act approved." I took down the conversation at the time, and I think I have repeated it almost word for word, though I have not a memorandum.

By General CRITTENDEN:

Question. You save we scattered when we went to the batteries. Did or did not General Crittenden direct his staff to scatter and remain himself with the batteries?

Answer. Yes; we did nothing except by his orders.

The Court adjourned to meet at 10 o'clock on 11th instant.

ELEVENTH DAY.

FEBRUARY 11, 1864.

The Court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major-Generals Hunter and Cadwalader, Brigadier-General Wadsworth, and Colonel Shriver, recorder, and Major-General Crittenden.

The proceedings of the tenth day were read and approved.

The Court adjourned to meet at 10 o'clock on the 12th instant.

TWELFTH DAY.

FEBRUARY 12, 1864.

The Court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major-Generals Hunter and Cadwalader, Brigadier-General Wadsworth, and Colonel Schriver, recorder, and Major-General Crittenden.

J. D. BARKER, late captain of First Ohio Cavalry, being duly sworn, says to questions

By General CRITTENDEN:

Question. Did you ride on 20th September from Rossville to General Thomas' line?

Answer. I rode from a mile south of Rossville to General Thomas' line.

Question. What was the distance?

Answer. The route I took was about 7 miles; direct route would have been about 5. I don't think it was much farther from Rossville.

By the COURT:

Question. How do you know you were a mile from Rossville when you started?

Answer. I had been from this point to Rossville three times on the morning of the 19th.

Colonel J. T. WILDER, Seventh Indiana, being duly sworn, says to questions

By General CRITTENDEN:

Question. Did you see General Crittenden at the battle of Chickamauga? State where, and anything you saw him do showing either negligence or attention to duty.

Answer. I saw him on the 19th. He was very actively engaged disposing troops to meet the rebels, and exhibiting a good deal of anxiety that my men should be

