
properly posted, although not belonging to his command. On the afternoon of the 19th, when General Davis' command was driven back, I saw General Crittenden in person with some of his staff, in very exposed position, rallying Davis' men. At one time I thought he would certainly be killed or captured, being in an open field between the two lines at the right of my line. One of my regiments went forward and to the right, to relieve him. That is all I saw of him in the battle.

Question. Did one of General Crittenden's staff officers, on the night of 20th, come to you for information in reference to any of his scattered troops?

Answer. Captain Knox, of General Crittenden's staff, came to me in the Chattanooga Valley, about midnight on night of 20th, inquiring what troops I had rallied, and if any belonging to his command. i answered him I had about 2,000, I believed, from every part of the army, and that I sent them to Chattanooga.

Captain P. P. OLDERSHAW,late assistant adjutant-general, Twenty-first Army Corps, duly sworn, says to questions

By General CRITTENDEN:

Question. Were you in the battle of Chickamauga, and in what capacity?

Answer. I was; acting as assistant adjutant-general Twenty-first Army Corps, commanded by Major General T. L. Crittenden.

Question. Did General Crittenden send General Palmer to General Thomas' support early on 19th, and on his own responsibility?

Answer. He sent General Palmer,commanding his largest division, at 11 a.m. on 19th, hearing at that time very heavy firing to his front and left, and supposing that General Thomas was heavily pressed. This he did on his own responsibility, reporting the fact to General Rosecrans, who afterward confirmed the movement by letter, and subsequently by words, thanking him for it.

Question. Did General Crittenden afterward, while waiting for permission to send General Van Cleve to support General Palmer, anticipate the permission and order Van Cleve to move up with two brigades?

Answer. So soon as General Palmer had moved up to the left he was very shortly heavily engaged. It proved so by General Crittenden's chief of artillery, Major Mendenhall (who was dispatched by General Crittenden to know General Palmer's necessities), returning, not having been able to communicate with General Palmer, having ridden into the rebels ranks, though pursuing the same course taken by General Palmer. General Crittenden then at once wrote to General Rosecrans, asking permission to bring up General Van Cleve and his two brigades to the support of General Palmer, and in the interim sent an order to General Van Cleve to move up to the position General Crittenden was then occupying. General Van Cleve arrive nearly at the same moment as the staff officer returning from General Rosecrans, with permission to move up General Van Cleve.

Question. Did General Crittenden, as soon as Van Cleve had moved to Palmer's support, apply for permission to bring up General Wood with his command, and did not General Wood arrive at a very critical moment?

Answer. Soon after General Van Cleve had moved up to the left he also became heavily engaged, and General Crittenden at once dispatched Colonel Starling, chief of staff, to General Rosecrans for permission to move up General Wood. At the same time General Crittenden dispatched Major Mendenhall to General Wood to notify him that his other two divisions were heavily engaged; that General Van Cleve had been moved up from his left; that he must look well to his left, and that he had sent a request to department headquarters that his (Wood's) division might also be move up. Colonel Starling returned with instructions to move up General Wood and to take entire command of his (General Crittenden's) corps. General Crittenden at once dispatched a staff officer ordering General Wood to move up, and

