
Name,rank,and command.	 Remarks.

Sergt. William C. Miles, Company	 Specially named for good

H, Third Kentucky Cavalry,	 conduct by Brigadier-General

Second Division, Twentieth Army	 Johnson.

Corps.

Sergt. Samuel Goodwin, One	 Brigadier-General Wood speaks

hundredth Illinois, First	 of him as having taken the

Division, Twenty-first Army	 division colors when the

Corps.	 bearer of them was shot

 dawn,and bore them aloft

 during the day,remaining with

 him all the time.

Sergt. Charles A. Allen, Company	 Colonel Post says that in the

E, Seventy-fourth Illinois,	 performance of delicate and

First Brigade, First Division,	 important duty he displayed

Twentieth Army Corps.	 much tact and gallantry.

Corp. Dorsey, A. Leimin, Company	 Colonel Grose,commanding

I, Twenty-fourth Ohio	 brigade,says of him, "Seeing

Regiment, Third Brigade, Second	 the bearer of the brigade flag

Division, Twenty-first Army	 fall,he rushed to it and bore

Corps.	 it off the field,as he did his

 own regimental colors on two

 occasions the day before, He

 is highly deserving the notice

 of the appointing power."

Sergeant S. Jennings, First	 Mentioned for brave behavior

Missouri Artillery, Second	 by Colonel Laiboldt.

Brigade, Third Division,

Twentieth Army Corps.

Corp. Jesse R. Dodd, Thirty-first	 Both complimented by

Indiana, First Brigade, Second	 Brigadier-General Cruft for

Division, Twenty-first Army 	 gallant conduct in seizing the

Corps. 	 colors of their regiments upon

Corp. James J. Holliday,	 the fall of their color-

Ninetieth Ohio..............	 bearers and bravely bearing

 them during the rest of the

 fight.

Sergt. Major	 Major Williams,commanding

E. J. Stivers, Eighty-ninth	 regiment,says he deserves

Illinois, First Brigade, Second	 special mention for his

Division, Twentieth Army Corps.	 bravery.

Sergt. J. Holmes, Company B,	 Colonel Martin,commanding

Ninety-third Ohio, Third	 regiment,says of these, "Their

Brigade, Second Division, 	 coolness,bravery,and

Twentieth Army Corps.	 determination,who were wounded

 slightly,but remained with

Corp. George Rosscoe, Company C, Ninety-third Ohio.	 their companies and ........

Name,rank,and command.	 Remarks.

Corp. G. W. Gifford, Company C,	 Colonel Martin,commanding

Ninety-third Ohio.	 regiment,says of these, "Their

 coolness,bravery,and

 determination,who were wounded

 slightly,but remained with

 their companies and performed

 duty,deserve special mention."

Sergt. Major Stanley G. Pope, 	 Captain Powell,commanding
	 regiment,makes special mention

Sixty-fifth Ohio, Third	 of these for general good

Brigade, First Division,	 conduct-the first deserving

Twenty-first Army Corps.	 special credit for his efforts

 to keep the men together; the

First Sergt. Samuel P. Snider,	 second,commanding a company,

Company D, Sixty-fifth Ohio.	 for his bravery in leading his

 men;and the third,color-

Sergt. G. W. Hariam, Company B,	 bearer, for bravely facing the

Sixty-fifth Ohio.	 storm of bullets,and on being

 severely wounded continuing at

 his post until ordered to the

 rear.

 Colonel Wiley,commanding

 regiment,says, "For pursuing

 two prisoners,who took refuge

Corporal Strock, Company E,	 in a house when the regiment

Forty-first Ohio, Second	 repelled the last charge on

Division, Twenty-first Army	 Saturday afternoon,he deserves

Corps.	 special mention."

Sergt. Major Isaac D'Isay,	 Captain Smith,commanding

Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, Third	 regiment,specially mentions

Brigade, First Division,	 them for gallant and

Fourteenth Army Corps.	 meritorious conduct.

Sergt. R. W. Evans, Eighteenth

U. S. Infantry, Third Brigade,

First Division, Fourteenth Army	 Lieutenant-Colonel Embree,

Corps.	 commanding regiment,says he

 proved himself worthy of

Sergeant-Major Fowler, Fifty-	 promotion.

eighth Indiana, First Division,

Twenty-first Army Corps.	 Lieutenant-Colonel Embree,

 commanding regiment,says that

 though sick and almost unable

Sergeant Miller, Company K,	 to move about the field,he

Fifty-eighth Indiana, First	 stood bravely to his post.

Division, Twenty-first Army

Corps.

Name,rank,and command.	 Remarks.

Sergeant Miller, Company C,	 Lieutenant-Colonel Langdon,

First Ohio, Third Brigade,	 commanding regiment,specially

Second Division, Twentieth Army	 mentions him for gallant

Corps.	 conduct.

Sergt. William Duncan, Company	 Colonel Swaine,commanding

C, Ninety-ninth Ohio, Third	 regiment,says he deserves the

Division, Twenty-first Army	 warmest praise for his

Corps.	 gallantry and coolness,holding

 the colors aloft during

 retreat, that the men might

 rally.

Sergt. Major D. R. Cook, Forty-	 Major Gray,commanding

ninth Ohio, First	 regiment, mentions him for

Brigade, Second	 gallantry.

Division, Twentieth Army Corps.

 Captain Huston,commanding,says

Corp. William Murphy, Company I,	 when the color-bearer was shot

Fifth Kentucky, Third Brigade,	 he seized the flag and

Second Division, Twentieth Army	 thenceforth bore it.

Corps.

Sergt. L. Schile, Third Brigade,	 Colonel Berry,commanding,

Second Division, Twentieth	 mentions them for good

Army Corps.	 conduct.

Sergt. Thomas Dunn............	 Colonel Martin,commanding,

 specially mentions him for

Sergt. J. H. Parks, Company D,	 good conduct.

Ninety-third Ohio, Third

Brigade, Second Division,	 Colonel Martin,commanding,

Twentieth Army Corps.	 mentions him as having

 remained upon the field after

Sergt. Major O. M. Gottschall,	 being wounded.

Ninety-third Ohio, Third

Brigade, Second Division,

Twentieth Army Corps.

Sergt. Thomas J. Myers, Battery	 Lieutenant Smith,commanding

I, Fourth U. S. Artillery, Third	 battery,specially mentions

Division, Fourteenth Army	 them for gallantry.

Corps.
Sergt. Charles Ellis, Battery I,

Fourth U. S. Artillery, Third

Division, Fourteenth Army

Corps.

