
THIRTEENTH DAY.
FEBRUARY 13, 1864.

The Court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major-Generals Hunter and Cadwalader, Brigadier-General Wadsworth, and Colonel Schriver, recorder, and Major-General Crittenden.

The proceedings of the twelfth day were read and approved.

Captain OLDERSHAW was permitted to make the following correction and addition to his testimony of the 12th:

In my evidence yesterday, I stated that the instructions of General Van Cleve on the morning of the 20th, to "occupy any gap or interval he might find in the lines" while passing to General Thomas left, were given him as coming from General Rosecrans. I now desire to state that these instructions originated with General Crittenden.

I also desire to state the name of the quartermaster referred to at Rossville was Hodges, and not Taylor.

I wish to add that on the ride from the battle-field to Rossville, on the 20th, that General Crittenden, whom I accompanied, received and could again no information of the condition or position of General Thomas and his command. Also that no escort accompanied General Crittenden on his ride from the battle-field to Chattanooga, General Crittenden having ordered it to remain in the rear early in the morning, and it did nor rejoin the staff until after dark that day.

By General CRITTENDEN:

Question. Did you hear the instructions to General Van Cleve to find an interval and occupy it, and are you sure that the order was not of find and interval and pass though it to attack the enemy?

Answer. I heard the instructions, but am not certain that they were to the effect to find an interval and pass through it, but to occupy any interval and fight the enemy where found.

The Court was cleared.

The Court was opened, and adjourned to meet at 10 o'clock on 15th instant.

FOURTEENTH DAY.

FEBRUARY 15, 1864.

The Court pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major-Generals Hunter and Cadwalader, Brigadier-General Wadsworth, and Colonel Schriver, recorder, and Major-General Crittenden.

The proceedings of the thirteenth day were read and approved.

Captain P. P. OLDERSHAW, recalled, says to questions

By General CRITTENDEN:

Question. State if these are the original orders (nine pieces) which are now delivered into the custody of the Court, received by General Crittenden at the battle of Chickamauga; and state, also, if the book presented contains a transcript of the orders and dispatches issued by General Crittenden.

Answer. These are the original orders (see appendix,marked A), and the book contains true copies of all orders and dispatches issued and sent by General Crittenden during that battle.

Question. State, if you know, what supplies General Crittenden's commissary turned over to the Army of the Cumberland when it withdrew to Chattanooga.

Answer. From the time General Crittenden first occupied Chattanooga up to the battle of Chickamauga nearly his entire transportation was engaged hauling sup

