
plies from Bridgeport to Chattanooga. After the battle, on General Rosecrans' order to turn over supplies to other corps, the commissary of General Crittenden's corps turned over between 80,000 and 90,000 rations. My impression is it was 90,000.

Captain RICHARD LODOR, Fourth U. S. Artillery, being duly sworn, says to question

By General CRITTENDEN:

Question. Were you in the battle of Chickamauga, and in what position?

Answer. I was lieutenant-colonel, and assistant inspector-general of Twenty-first Army Corps.

Question State what you know as inspector-general of the

Twenty-first Army Corps, commanded by General Crittenden, [of] the condition of said corps as to discipline, arms, accouterments, ammunition, clothing, and subsistence.

Answer. I know intimately the condition of the corps at the time, and that it was well supplied and equipped with everything pertaining to the commissary, quartermaster, and ordnance departments. I do not believe that a single gun or round of ammunition was wanting to complete the equipment. I think the entire corps was in as perfect order as any company could be. I know this from personal inspection, and from daily reports which were required of me at that time. The discipline was excellent, and had been improving every day.

Question. State, if you know, what supplies General Crittenden's commissary turned over to the Army of the Cumberland when it withdrew to Chattanooga.

Answer. I only know what the commissary said himself, that he did turn over a quantity of supplies. I know we had on hand than was wanted for present use by the Twenty-first Army Corps.

Question. How long were you with General Crittenden at the batteries on the 20th September, and how long did these batteries keep back the enemy and how much did the batteries suffer?

Answer. I was not with General Crittenden more than fifteen minutes after he got to the batteries, but was near him, trying to rally the troops with General Van Cleve. My recollection is the batteries held the enemy in check some time, I cannot say how long; perhaps half an hour. The batteries suffered a good deal for the commanding position they occupied, and held it till the last moment. It was with great difficulty that the guns could be got away. The enemy, it seemed to me, came in all directions, and some were among the batteries.

Question. Was there any other position the batteries could have taken from which they could have repulsed the enemy and been less exposed themselves?

Answer. No; I should think it was the best position that I had seen the batteries placed in during the two day's fight, and it was almost impossible to move the batteries farther to the front, even had there been time to do so. When General Van cleve moved to the front on the 20th the batteries which belonged to the two brigades of his division had to cut roads in order to pass through the woods to the position referred to in General Crittenden's question. I am an artillery officer, and have been serving in that corps nearly eight years.

Question. Did you attempt on Sunday to go to General Thomas, and with what success?

Answer. I did, and tried hard for three hours to get to General Thomas from the position General Crittenden occupied when he left to find General Rosecrans, and ascertained the only way to get from that position without being captured was by passing back toward Chattanooga. I did not arrive in Chattanooga till some time after dark. In going to Chattanooga I started about 4 p.m., and found the officers picking up men, forming them into squads, and found very little confusion consid-

