
Question. When your command was broken, under what order were you moving?

Answer. Under an order from General Rosecrans to support General Thomas; to move rapidly, but not to harass my men. I gave the order to double-quick myself, but the men were not to be wearied. My impression is, the order was brought by Major Mendenhall.

Question. Do you remember that after the battle General Crittenden sent to you for that order?

Answer. Yes.

Question. Do you remember that General Crittenden said that the original order had been sent to you to avoid any delay in copying it?

Answer. Yes.

Question. After your command was broken, did you rally all the men you could, and bring them to the support of the batteries, and how many did you bring?

Answer. I did, and brought a small number, 50 to 100 men.

Question. After the batteries were driven, did you retire at once by the Dry Valley road, and did the enemy pursue on that road?

Answer. I retired by that road, but noticed no pursuit. There was no pursuit, I an confident.

Question. After your command was broken, did you see or hear of any organized troops on the field, or any general officer, except your brigade commander, General Sam. Beatty, and your corps commander, General Crittenden?

Answer. I did not see any general officers except Generals Crittenden and Sam. Beatty. As soon as my command was broken I hastened to rally my men, but being busily engaged in trying to save the batteries, I did not notice whether there were any organized troops.

Question. Before leaving the field did you not look to see if there were any organized troops on the field?

Answer. I did not leave the field until nearly cut off by the enemy, and my mind was not called to the subject of organized troops. I came near being captured.

By the COURT:

Question. Where did you again rally your troops that day, and get them together?

Answer. On what I think is called the Dry Valley road between Rossville and the battle-field.

Question. What did you do with your command after you rallied them?

Answer. My command lay there until midnight; it was about sundown when the rallying was accomplished. After midnight we moved to Chattanooga.

By General CRITTENDEN:

Question. When you rode back to Rossville, did you find any of your men on the road?

Answer. I did not find any in a body.

Question. Did you send word to General Crittenden during the night that you were under orders from department headquarters?

Answer. I sent word about daybreak in the morning, I think, that I was under orders from department headquarters.

