HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Widow Glenn's, September 19, 1863-12.20 p.m.

([Received] 1.25 p.m.)

Major-General CRITTENDEN,Commanding Twenty-first Army Corps:

Your dispatch of 11.30 received. The sending of Palmer is approved. From present appearances General Thomas will move en echelon, his left advanced, threatening the enemy's right. Understanding this will aid your movement and enable you to conform to this state of affairs.

By order of General Rosecrans:

FRANK S. BOND,

Major, and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT, September 19, 1863.

[Received] (3.10 p.m.)

Major-General CRITTENDEN,Commanding,&amp;c.:

Dispatch from General Thomas of 3 p.m., just received, says:

We are driving the rebels in the center handsomely, so General Johnson's aide reports to me. My First Division was considerably cut up, but we have taken many prisoners. I am in hopes we will drive them across the Chickamauga to-night.

Sent by order General Rosecrans:

FRANK S. BOND,

Major, and aide-de-Camp.

B.

REVIEW OF THE EVIDENCE IN THE CASE OF GENERAL CRITTENDEN.

It appears from the testimony in this case that General Crittenden was ordered by the general commanding the army to hold a position covering the road from La Fayette to Chattanooga (see p.29*); that General Crittenden's corps numbered 11,000 effective men (see Colonel Starling's evidence,p.39).

It is proven by the concurrent testimony of all the witnesses that as early as 11 o'clock on Saturday morning, September 19, 1863, and as soon as the sound of musketry demonstrated that a severe battle was raging on our left, General Crittenden sent General Palmer with his division to General Thomas' support; that General Palmer, with his division, numbering about 5,000 men, nearly half of General Crittenden's corps, did fight his way to General Thomas, and remained with him until ordered to withdraw on the evening of the 20th September, when the whole army was withdraw to Rossville. It is also proven that General Crittenden sent General Palmer's division on his own responsibility, thus undertaking to hold an important position with 6,000 men, instead of 11,000. It is proven, without any conflicting testimony, that General Crittenden, becoming uneasy for General Palmer's rear and flank, asked for permission further to weaken his command by sending General Van Cleve to support General Palmer, and, anticipating the permission, ordered General Van Cleve up, that the arrival of General Van Cleve's com-

---------------

*All page references in this "Review" are to original Record of Proceedings.

---------------

