THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 4,
NOTIGBS OP BILXiS.
Mr. WILSON. I givejiotice that to-morrow
I shall ask leave to introduce the following bills:
A bill to ratify and confirm certain acts of the
President for the suppression of insurrection and
rebellion;
A bill to authorize the employment of volun-
teers to aid in enforcing the laws and protecting
public property;
A bill to increase the present military estab-
lishment of the United States; .
A bill providing for the better organization of
the military establishment;
A bill to promote the efficiency of the Army;
and
A bill for the organization of a volunteer mili-
tia force, to be called the National Guard of the
United States.
RESIGNATION OF A CLERK.
The yiCE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
received a communication; which will bereadby
the Secretary.
The Acting Secretary read, as follows:
Office of the Secretary of the Senate,
July 4, 1861.
Sir: I hereby tender this my resignation of the appoint-
ment of executive officer in the office of the Secretary wf
the Senate, conferred upon me by order of the Senate, on
the 8th day of December, 1855.
I have the honor to be,yourobedlent servant,
JOSEPH II. NICHOLSON.
The Vice President of the United States,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Ju-hj 4, 1861.
The House of Representatives of the Thirty-
Seventh Congress of the United States, in pursu-
ance of the President's proclamation of the 15th
of April, 1861, convened this day in extra session;
and at twelve o'clock, m., was called t.o order by
Hon. John W. Forney, Clerk of the last House.
Rev. T. II. Stockton, Chaplain of the last
House of Representatives, offered the following
prayer:
O Lord our God, the Father of our Lord Jesus
Christ, the Father of mercies, and the Giver of
all comfort! We thank Thee that Thou hast thus
gathered us together again, and that it is our priv-
ilege, amid the brightness and beauty of our na-
tional festival, and in this our national Capitol, to
come to the throne of Thy grace, seeking Thy
blessing, the protection of Thy providence, the
guidance of Thy spirit in behalf of this our na-
tional Congress, and all the interests which are
commuted tojts care. Never had we so great cause
for gratitude as at this very hour: all the elements
of nature and all the influence of redemption com-
bining, under the superintendency of Thy most
merciful government, to render our condition as
happy as it is possible for humanity to be in Us
present form and sphere of sin. Blessed be Thy
name foiever and ever, for Thine inestimable and
unchangeable goodness! And yet never had we
so much reason to take shame unto ourselves.
Never have we known such a day of independ-
ence as this; never have we felt so profoundly
our constant and entire dependence upon Thee.
O God, our Friend and our Father! Alas for
us we have sinned—how offensively and how inju-
riously Thou only knowest, unto whom all things
are known; and so we are justly punished for
our sins. Our country, our glorious and beloved
country—how glorious and how beloved Thou
only knowest; our own pride and boast; honored
throughout the world; the joy and the praise of
the whole earth—is at last divided against itself,
and, with none else to do u harm, seems determ-
ined to destroy itself. With no natural line to
separate its sections, the Noith and the South
stand face to face and foot to foot in hostile array
against each other, eye Hashing on eye, 1ianu
threatening hand, and heart swelling against heart,
as though there were ail reasons, while in reality
there is no good reason, for malignant passion and
deadly strife, Thou seest it,0 Lord our God,
Thou seest it all, In the Statu, President opposed
to President, Cabinet to Cabinet, Congress to Con-
gress, army to army, and one mass of citizens
against the other. In the Church, Christian pray-
ing against Christian, pulpit preaching against
pulpit, and denominations which have hitherto
exulted in their apparent harmony and strength,
falling apart even as others, the fragments of
friendship assuming the attitude of foes. 0 Lord
our God, Thou who art omniscient,Thou knowest
there is a trueand a false; that there isa right and
a wrong; that there is an honest and earnest pa-
triotism as welfasa deceptive and deluded treach-
ery. We do not trust ourselves; we dare not trust
ourselves; but we make our humble appeal unto
Thee, and beseech Thee to maintain Thine own
cause, by Thine own Almighty power, and to
help us as humble instruments in Thy hand, to
work Thy will and not our own will.
We regard our southern brethren as deceived.
Alas, for the responsibility of those who have
misled them! Chiefly because of their want of
greater liberty, because of their peculiar form of
society, their want of free speech and a free press
and a free pulpit, the dauntless courage of the
North, and the true love of the North, has been
misrepresented and misunderstood. 0 Lord God,
by the exercise of thine own infinite perfections,
do Thou correct this great evil! And now we
beseech Thee to bless our President, to bless
his Cabinet, to bless the 1iead of the Army, to
bless the Army and Navy m whole, to bless both
Houses of Congress, to bless all the Departments,
and all the operations of the Govenrient day and
night, without the intermission of a single mo-
ment. And,OLordourGod,if there must bewar
—oh, that there might be peace!—but if there must
be war, if Thou dost indeed ordain war and sanc-
tion war, may it not be a bloody and ruinous war.
May it rather be an armed, mighty, irresistible
migration—a migration of true love; a migration
of those who truly love liberty and civilization,
who love the Union and the Constitution and the
laws; a migration of those who shall protect and
encourage and uphold the true and loyal men in
every State, retaking and repossessing and improv-
ing all that belongs to our Government, and so
preparing us again to exhibit an example to the
world that shall be an advantage to all who up-
hold it.
Our Father, who art in Heaven, hallowed be
Thy name; Thy Kingdom come, Thy Kingdom
come, Thy Kingdom come; Thy will be done on
earth as it is m Heaven; give us this day our daily
bread; and forgive us our debts as we forgive our
debtors; and lead us not into temptation but de-
liver us from evil; for Thine is the kingdom, and
the power,and the glory, forever and ever. Amen.
The Clerk, previous to calling the roll of mem-
bers, read the following proclamation of the Presi-
dent of the United States, convening Congress in
extra session:
By the President of the United Slates.
A Proclamation.
Whereas the laws of the United States have been for
some time past and now arc opposed, and the execution
theiuof olNtiuoted, in the States of South Carolina, Geor-
gia, Alabama, Floiida, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas,
by combinations too poweilul to be suppressed by the or-
dinary course of judicial proceedings, or by the powers
vested in the marshals by law:
Now, theretore, I, Abraham Lincoln, Piesident of the
United ftate-*, in vntue ot the power in me vested by the
Constitution and the laws, have thought tit to call forth,
and hereby do call forth, the miJm.i of the sevcial States
of the Union, to the alienate uumiiei of seventy-live thou-
sand, in oidet to suppiesH said combinations, and to cau&u
the laws to he duly executed.
The details for this object will be immediately commu-
nicated to the State authouties tlnougli the War Depart-
ment.
I appeal to all loyal citizens to favor, facilitate, and aid
this etloit to maintain the lionoi, the integrity,'and ttie
existence of our national Union, and the perpetuity of pop-
ular government, and to rediess wiongs already long enough
end uied.
I deem it pioper to say that the lnst seivice assigned to
the toices heicby called foith will probably be to repossess
the forts, places, and propeity which have been seized
ftom the Union ; and m every event the utmost care will
be observed, consistently with the objects aforesaid, to
avoid any devastation, any destiuction of or inteiierence
with propeiti, or any distuibance of peacclu! citizens in
any pan ot the countiy.
And f heieby command the persons- composing the com-
binations aforesaid to disperse and retire peaceably to their
respective abodes withm twenty days troni this date.
Deeming that the piescnt condition of public affaiis
pte-em- an extraordinaiy occasion, I do hereby, in value
of the power m me vested by the Constitution, convene
both Houses ot Congress.
Honators and llepiusentatives ate theiefore f-ummoned to
assemble at their respective Chambers, at twelve o'clock,
 oon? on Thursday, the 4th day of July next, then and
there to consider and determine such measures a?, in their
wisdom, the public safety and interest may seem to de-
mand. , . .
In witness whereof T have hereunto set my hand, ana
caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.
Done at the city of Washington, this fifteenth day of
April, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight
£l. s.] hundred and sixty-one, and ot the independence of
the United States the eighty-fifth.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Ky the President:
William H. Seward, Secretary of State.
The roll being then called, the following mem-
bers answered to theirnames. From the State of
Maine—Messrs. John M/. Goodwin, Charles
W. Walton, Samuel C. Fessenden, Anson P.
Morrill, John H. Ilice, and Frederick A. Pike.
New Hampshire—Messrs. Gilman Marston,
Edward H. Rollins,and Thomas M. Edwards.
Vermont—Messrs. E.P. Walton, jr., Justin S.
Morrill, and Portus Baxter.
Massachusetts—Messrs. Thomas D. Eliot, James
Buffinton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Alexander H.
Rice, William Appleton, John B. Alley, Daniel
W. Gooch, Charles R. Train, Goldsmith F. Bai-
ley, Charles Delano, and Henry L. Dawes.
Rhode Island—-Messrs. William P. Sheffield
and George H. Browne.
Connecticut—Messrs. Dwight Loomis, James
E. English, and George C. Woodruff.
New York—Messrs. E. Henry Smith, Moses
F. Odell, Benjamin Wood, William Wall,
Frederick A. Conkling, Elijah Ward, Edward
Haight, Charles PI. Van Wyck, John B. Steele,
Stephen Baker, Abraham B. Olin, James B.
McKean, William A. Wheeler, Socrates N.
Sherman, Channcey Vibbard, Richard Franchet,
Roscoe Conkling, R. Holland Duell, William E.
Lansing, Ambrose W. Clark, Charles B. Sedg-
wick, Theodore M. Pomcroy, John P. Chamber-
lain, Alexander S. Diven, Robert B. Van Valken-
burgh, Alfred Ely, Augustus Frank, Burt Van
Home, Elbiidge G. Spaulding, and Reuben E.
Fenton.
New Jersey—Mes-srs. John T. Nixon, John L.
N. Stratton, William G. Steele,George T. Cobb,
and Nehemiah Pfrry.
Pennsylvania—Messrs. William E. Lehman,
John P. Verree, William D. Kelley, W. Morris
Davis, John Hickman,Thomas B. Cooper, Syd-
enham E. Ancona, Thaddeus Stevens, John W.
Killinger, James H. Campbell, Hendrick B.
Wright, Philip Johnson, Galusha A. Grow,
James T. Hale, Joseph Bailey, Edward McPher-
son, Samuel S. Blair, John Cftvode, Jesse Lazear,
James K.Moorhead, JlobertMcKnight, John W.
Wallace, John Patton, and Elijah Babbitt.
Delaware—Mr. George P. Fisher.
Maryland—Messrs. John W. CrLsfield,Edwin
H.Webster, C. L. L. Leary, Francis Thomas,
and Charles B. Calvert.
Virginia—Messrs. R.V. Whaley and John S.
Carliie.
Ohio—Messrs. George H.Pendleton, John A.
Gurley,Clement L.Vallandiglmm,William Allen,
James M. Ashley, Chilton A. White, Richard A.
Harrison, Samuel Shellaberger, Warren P.Noble,
Carey A. Trimble, Valentine B. Horton, Samuel
S.Cox,Samuel T. Worcester, Harrison G.Blake,
William P. Cutler, James R. Morris, Sidney
Edgerton, Albert G. Riddle, John Hutchins, and
John A. Bingham.
Kentucky-—'Messrs. Henry C. Burnett, James
S. Jackson, Henry Grider, Aaron Harding,
Charles A. Wicklifte, George W. Dunlap, Robert
Miillory, and John W. Menzies.
Indiana—Messrs. John Law, James A. Cra-
vens, William S. Holman, George W. Julien,
Albert G. Porter, Daniel W. Voorhees, Albert
S. Whito, Schuyler Colfax, William Mitchell,
and John P. C. Shanks.
Illinois—Messrs. Elhhu B. Washbume, Isaac
N. Arnold, Owen Lovejoy, William Kellogg,
I William A. Richardson, John A. McClernand,
| James C. Robinson, Philip B. Fouke, and John
, A. Logan.
! Missouri—Messrs. Francis P. Blair, jr., James
Rollins, Elijah li. Norton, John W. Reid, and
John W. Noell.
Michigan—Messrs. Bradley F. Granger, Fer-
nando C. Beaman,Francis W. Kellogg, and Row-
land E.Trowbridge.
Iowa—Messrs. Samuel R. Curtis and William
Vandever.
Wisconsin—Messrs. John F. Potter, Luther
Hanchett, and A. Scott Sioan.
