6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 4,
that if the gentleman from Kentucky were first to
call for the certificates of these members, and there
■were no certificates to make out a prima facie case,
then theymust be excluded, as a matter of course.
If they have no certificates, they are not entitled
to be sworn in; but if they have certificates, then
they are prima facie entitled to be sworn in. The
House has already decided to go on and swear in
every member except such as were excepted by
my resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to make one sug-
gestion to the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will proceed,
if there is no objection.
Mr. BURNETT. I think we ought to settle
this question upon higher grounds than those
taken by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, who
raises this question of order. The Constitution
of the United States declares thateach House shall
bo the judge of the election, return, and qualifica-
tion of its members. No time is prescribed at
which the question shall be raised.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of order.
I submit the point af order is not debatable.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is proceeding with unanimous consent.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well, sir, I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from Kentucky is in order.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not desire—and I want
gentlemen to understand me distinctly—to inter-
pose any objection to the action of those who have
the control of this House unless it is one that my
duty to my conscience demands that I shall make.
Believing that this is a question of the gravest
character ever presented to the House in regard
to the right of members to a seat on this floor, I
do deem it proper and right to offer this resolu-
tion. All I desire is a simple vote of the House
on the resolution. Here is at least one gentleman
claiming a seat from the Slate of Vnginia, who,
by his own confession, and by his own admis-
sion, is ineligible under the constitution and laws
of Virginia. By his own statement he is ineli-
gible to a seat on this floor. lie is a citizen of
Ohio; a voter in that Slate; and yet asks to be
sworn at the bar of this House asamemberfrom
the State of Virginia. 1 do think that the dignity
of this House demands that these questions should
be referred to a committee; and when that com-
mittee shall report, we shall have all the facts be-
fore us. J will say, in justice to the gentleman
near me, [Mr. Carlile*,] that ho was elected on
the 23d May, the time that had been fixed by the
laws of Virginia for the election. But the ques-
tion involved in his case is as to the sovereign
right of Virginia, through her proper authorities,
to repeal that law, and whether he can be entitled
to the seat, that law having been repealed. This
much I desired t  say; and I will not detain the
House further, but simply ask a vote on my res-
olution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky offers a resolution, pmpo.sing to refer the
cases fiom Virginia to the Committee of Elec-
tions, when raised. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania raises the point of order: that the House is
now executing its order for the swearing in of
members; having passed the resolution that the
contested cases should not be called until the
swearing in of the other members shall have been
completed. The question which the gentleman
from Kentucky raises is, as to the right of a mem-
ber to a seat which is not contested; and the Chair
has to overrule the point of order raised by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr, CARLILE. Mr. Speaker, I do not desire
that the people whom I have the honor to repre-
sent on this floor, or ratherthose whom J propose
to represent, should be deprived of any of their
rights under the Constitution of the country by
any objections that may be made to Representa-
tives of other sections of the same State from
which I come. The fourth Thursday in May
was fixed by the laws of Virginia to elect mem-
bers to the House of Representatives of the Uni-
ted Suites. On that day I was elected as a Rep-
resentative from the district in which 1 reside—
the eleventh congressional district of the State of
Virginia, i received, I think I can say, more
votes than the gentleman from Kentucky received
in his district. I was elected by a larger majority
than any man ever received in the State—one
almost approaching unanimity. I received in my
own county 1,500 votes, 23 only were cast against
meforthe nominee of the Democratic party. And
the only question that can be raised in my case
is, whether the ordinance of tlje Virginia conven-
tion, attempting to annul the solemn act of the
General Assembly of Virginia, by declaring that
no congressional election should be held on the
day fixed by law, is to exclude me from a seat on
this floor. That is the sole question. Sir, I have
no doubt about the question myself, and I think
there can be but little doubt about it throughout
this great republic in the minds of all men who
believe that the Constitution of the United States
was the work of the people of the several States
as much as is the constitution of each and every
State. The only question that could be raised in
my case is: had the convention of Virginia—itself
convened by a law enacted by the Legislature,
and restricted in its action by that law—had that
powerless body the right to annul a solemn act of
the Legislature of the State? For, be it remem-
bered, the law convening the convention expiessly
declared upon its face that no act of that body
changing the Federal relations of the State, or
affecting the organic law of the State, should have
any validity until such act of the convention had
been referred to the people and ratified by them
at the polls.
Now, sir, this pretended ordinance of the Vir-
ginia convention was passed pnoiyo the vote of
the people upon the ordinance of secession itself,
and, without being submitted to the people, as-
sumed to forbid the holding of an election for
Representatives to the Congress of the United
States; and if it is to have any validity, it must of
course affect the jelationsof the State to the Union.
That ordinance, as I have said, was never sub-
mitted to the people for ratification. And what-
ever may he said of the action of the people, on
the 23d of May, upon the ordinance of secession
which was submitted to them, theie can be no
argument drawn from that in support of the va-
lidity of the ordinance forbidding the holding of
an election.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Do I understand the
gentleman to speak of his own case merely, or of
all the gentlemen claiming seats from the State of
Virginia? Is there any distinction between the
cases ?
Mr. CARLILE. I can only speak of my
own case and oi'thc case of the gentleman repre-
senting the distiict immediately adjoining, [Mr.
jifto wn.]
Mr. RICHARDSON. Was the election held
on the day fixed by taw ?
Mr. CARLILE. It was. The gentleman from
the Fairfax district, [Mr. Upton] resides in a
section remote fiom my own, and i am not at all
familiar with the circumstances attending his
election; nor am I with those connected with the
election of Mr. Pendleton. Kui, sir, m the dis-
trict represented by Mi. Brown, and in my own
disuiet, in mos>t of the counties, all of the officers
whose duty it is to conduct elections, disregarded
the ordinance of the convention, opened the polls,
and held an election in accordance with all the
requirements of law. I have with me the poll-
books in some of the counties. I have certificates
of the officers who conducted the elections, and
of the clerks of the various counties as to its
results.
So far, then, as my right to a seat upon tl*is
floor is concei ned, the only question for this body
to determine is, whether, assuming the power
rightfully belonging to the convention of Virginia
to be all that its warmest advocates can claim for
it, the ordinance adopted by them, not ratified by
the people, forbidding the holding of this election
can have any validity5 And thatquestion I think
any gentleman, however warmly he may advo-
cate the doctrine of secession, cannot decide ex-
cept in the negative.
I desire, Mr. Speaker, in order that I may not
be misunderstood, to say further in this connec-
tion, that I discard entirely any such views of the
sovereignty of any State, either through its con-
vention or otherwise, as will permit it to dissolve
the allegiance it owes to the Government formed
and handed down to us by our fathers. [Applause
in the galleries and on the floor.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair must inform the
galleries that if these manifestations of applause
are repeated he is authorized by the rules of the
House to ha\e them cieaied.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. These demonstra-
tions have been repeated three or four times, and
I wish to give notice that if they occur again I
shall demand that the rules of the House be ex-
ecuted, and I will not withdraw the demand.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. Speaker, I maintain,
and those I represent upon this floor maintain,
that we have as much right and as high an inter-
est in the Government of the Union as we have
in that of our own State. I contend that both
proceed from the same sovereign power of the
people, and that while the State can change its
own organic law, it cannot change its relation to
the Federal Union without the consent of those
who with the people of that State form the Union.
"We utterly discard, as a usurpation of power and
as a gross act of tyranny, every attempt which
has been exercised by those to whom the people
in an evil hour confided their interests, to deprive
us of our rights under that Union. We utterly
discard the acts of those in our State who have
turned their backs upon everything like constitu-
tion and law and have sought to establish in our
midst the most odious despotism. I am proud
to say that that portion of the State whence I
come are determined to defend their freedom.
They have declared before the world their utter
repudiation of the acts of tyranny and oppression
which it has been sought to impose upon the peo-
ple of our State, and their determination to main-
tain to the end of time, or so long as life may last,
the Union under which they have grown and pros-
pered beyond all precedent in the world's history.
And we desire here in this nation's Capitol that
the voice of that people shall be heard, not only
in the subsequent deliberations of this body, but
at the outset, in its organization.
Mr. LOVEJOY demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. UPTON. I ask the gentleman to permit
me to make a single statement?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I demand the previous ques-
tion. We want action and not speaking.
Mr. UPTON. I wish to make a personal state-
ment.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mflfin question ordered to be put.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the House will in-
dulge me in the yeas and nays upon that resolu-
tion.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Relieving the resolu-
tion to bo premature, I move to lay it on the table.
Mr. BURNETT. I call for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only one
member voting therefor.
The question was taken, and the resolution laid
upon the table.
Mr. DIVEN. If it be in order I should like
to ask the gentleman from Virginia as to the cer-
tificates upon which he and his colleagues claim
seats upon this floor.
The SPEAKER. No further debate is in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was laid upon the
table; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE. All the members whose
seats are not contested having been sworn in, I
now move that the rules of the last House of
Representatives be adopted as the rules of this
House; and upon that motion I call the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that only such members as were not included m
the resolution passed by the House have been
sworn in, leaving other members unqualified.
Mr. WASHBURNE. A large majority of the
members have been sworn in, and I think it better
that we should have rules for the House adopted
before proceeding further. *
TheSPEAKER. The firstbusiness to be done
is the qualification of members, and until that
business is disposed of, the Cluur thinks it is not
proper to do any other business.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I withdraw my
motion until that matter is disposed of.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I hope the House
will agree, by unanimous consent, to adopt the
rules of the last House.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I find the name of William
