1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
E. Lehman on the Clerk's list, as Representative
from the first district of Pennsylvania. I do not
know how it got there, though I have no doubt
the Clerk put it there. But I undertake to say
that he put it there without authority. I move
that the name of J. M. Butler be substituted as
the Representative from the first district; and 1
send up to the Cierk the certificates upon which
I found my motion.
The certificates, signed by the seventeen return
judges of the district, were read, as follows:
u Philadelphia, Octobcr 12, 1860.
"Sir: At an election held in the city of Philadelphia,
on Tuesday, Octobcr 9, I860, you were duly elected mem-
ber of the Mouse of Representatives of the United States
of Ameiica, for the first district of the State of Pennsyl-
vania.
*l J. M. Butler."
" Wfij the return judges of an election held on Tuesday,
the 9th day of Octobei, A. D. 1860, in and for the fust
congressional district of the State of Pennsylvania, com-
posed of the fnst, second, third, fourth, and seventh wards,
the first, second, and third election districts of the fifth
ward of the city of Philadelphia, at the several election dis-
tricts thereof, for the purpose of electing a Representative
in the House, of Representatives of the Congress of the
United States from the snidfiist district of Pennsylvania,
having met this day, according to law, at the State House,
in the city of Philadelphia, and carefully compared the re-
turns from the seveial wards of the said city, do heieby
certify, that John M. Butler received eight thousand five
hundred and filly-one [B,.351] votes, William £. Lehman
leceivcd. eight thousand three hundred and eighty-three
[8,383] voles, Edward King lcceived two thousand and fifty-
seven [2,057] votes. And we do further certify, that John
M. Butloi had the highest number of votes polled for Repre-
sentative m Congress asafuiesaid, and that therefore he is,
and we do hereby declare him, duly elcctcd for the said city
of Philadelphia.
" In testimony whereof, we, the judges, have hereunto set
our hands and seals, this twelfth day of October, in the
year of our Lord eighteen hundred and sixty.5'
Mr. STEVENS. Now, sir, 1 submit that where
a certificate of election is duly made out and given
to any member, that makes out a prima facia case,
and you cannot go behind it, and the member
must be sworn in. Now I call upon the party
named in the Clerk's roll to say whether he has
any certificate at all. I say his name was put
upon that roll by somebody who had no authority
to put it there, and I defy the gentleman to show
any certificate at all. If the gentleman does not
put his case upon some ground I do not now think
of, 1 shall say nothing further. If he will state
the ground upon which the Clerk put his name on
the roll, I will show that it was not put thereupon
a prima facie case. We have shown a prima facie
case, and shall ask that Mr. Butler be sworn in.
Mr. LEHMAN. I como here claiming my
seat as the Representative of the first congressional
district of Pennsylvania upon the same credential
as that of the gentleman who has just addressed
the House, and who arrests the organization of
the House at this moment. I come here by virtue
of the proclamation of the Governor of Pennsyi-
vrnia, under the broad seal of my State, and in
the name of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania;
the same credential and the same certificate upon
which the gentleman took his scat in this House.
When I am asked to present my certificate, I say
I know of no higher authority than that which
emanates from the chief executive officer of my
State—a credential issued in pursuance of law,
and under authority of law; and it is the only
credential which can be recognized, in the first
place, by the Clerk of this House, as being au-
thoritative and under the sanction of all law. If
I have sufficiently answered the gentleman, I pie-
sent that authority to this House. I hold a copy
of it in my hand, and the conclusion of it is in
the following words:
" Now, theielbrc, I have issued this proclamation, here-
by publishing and declaims that William E. Lehman, Ed-
ward Joy Morris, John P. Veuee, WiliiamD. Kclley, Wil-
liam Morns Davis, John Hickman, Thomas B. Cooper,
Sydenham E. Ancona, Thaddeus Stevens, John W. ICiI-
hnger, James II. Campbell, Geoige W. Scranton, Philip
Johnson, Galusha A. Glow, James* T. Hale, Joseph Bailey.
Ldwaid McPhei&on, Samuel S. Blair, John Covotie.Jes.se
J.azear, James K. Moorhead. Ttobeit RIcKnight, John XV,
vv a/laee, John Patton, and Elijah .Babbitt have been re-
turned as duly elected in the severa^distncts befoie men-
tioned u<s Representatives m the Congress of the United
States for the term of two years, to commence from and
alter the 4th day of March next."
Now, if this certificate does not entitle me to a
seat in this House in the first instance, I am at a
loss to know what higher credential I could pre-
sent. But beyond that, so far as my own con-
science is concerned, were I not satisfied that I
was rightfully elected and chosen to represent the
people of the first district of Pennsylvania, I
would not be here to claim this seat, though the
honors were a thousand fold greater and the
emoluments beyond calculation. I believe I was
fairly electcd,and when this case comes properly
in its regular order before the Committee of Elec-
tions, the House will bo astonished at the devel-
opment of the frauds in this case; they will won-
der that any man claiming to occupy a position
among honorable men would present a certificate
based upon an atrocious fraud—judicially ascer-
tained to be a fraud, a forgery, and a direct out-
rage upon the ballot-box.
AU I ask and expect of this House is simple
justice. Let my case go before the committee
chosen by a majority of this House. Let them
look at the papers regularly transmitted to this
House, and now in the possession of its Clerk,
and I will be satisfied with the result of their
consideration and deliberation upon my case.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 desire to ask the
fentleman from Pennsylvania whether the party
y whose forgery the papers presented by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania across the way,
were procured,was not tried, convicted, sentenced,
and imprisoned in the penitentiary?
Mr. LEHMAN. I say J do not wish to enter
upon the facts or merits of this case. I do not
wish to prejudice the case; and therefore it is that
I have hesitated to state the facts of the case. I
only want the case to go regularly through; and
when the Committee of Elections is duly raised
under the rules of the House they will have the
opportunity of investigating all the testimony
which is now in the possession of this House, and
then they can reportknowingly to the House, so
that it can act upon the facts which have been
ascertained by their deliberations.
I wished to state no facts; but in reply to the
gentleman from Ohio, and out of courtesy to him,
I will state that the return judge upon whose faith
that certificate was founded, has been tried, has
been found guilty, has been sentenced to the pen-
itentiary, and received the highest penalty of the
law for his offense. But these are questions of fact
with which the House at the present time has
nothing to do; the Committee of Elections can
investigate them and report understandingly. At
the present time I come here by virtue of the
proclamation of the Governor of my own State,
and ask to be sworn in. When I am sworn in
the contestant has the opportunity of presenting
his petition, and presenting it to the committee to
be raised to investigate all the facts.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman one question. I desire to know, whether
in the case between himself and Mr. Butler, a
notice of contest has been served, and evidence
taken?
Mr. LEHMAN. Yes, sir. If this case takes
its regular course, no injustice is done to me or to
my constituents ; for, after I had received the
proclamation of the Governor of Pennsylvania,
Mr. Butler, my contestant, under the act of
Congress of February 9, 1851, served upon me
a regular notice of contest, setting forth the
grounds upon which he claimed my seat,alleging
frauds at the election precincts, but for which he
would have been declared elected. That was done
in conformity to the act of Congress prescribing
the manner and mode in which mi election shall
be contested. lie set forth various grounds, such
us'fiaud, illegality, illegal voting, and all these va-
rious reasons, with precision. Being the sitting
member by virtue of the proclamation of the Gov-
ernor, my duty was to answer that notice. I did
answer it, denying, and contenting myself simply
with denying—for I need not go further—the al-
legations contained in his notice. A commissioner
was duly appointed, in conformity with the act of
Congress, and the contestant took testimony in
support of his allegations, and I took testimony
rebutting the truth of his allegations. That no-
tice, the answer, the testimony,all the public doc-
uments—the document which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, over the way, has produced, as
well as other documents—are fully contained in
the record which has been transmitted to the Cierk
of this House, for the information of the House,
and to be presented to, and adjudicated by, a com-
mittee of this House. When this record is hud
befoie the committee it will properly be consid-
ered.
J2ut if I am deprived of my seat in the first
instance, 1 should not have the right now to con-
test the seat under the act^of Congress of 1851*
That actprescribed that the notice mu?t be .served;
within thirty days after the election is determined.
I all along have rested under the proclamatioRof
the Governor, which entitles me to be called the,
sitting member; I all along have rested under the
fact that Mr. Butler was the contestant, and that '
I had sufficiently answered the notice in this case;
and will this House now do me the injustice, at
this late hour, of depriving me of the advantage
I should originally have had of contesting the
seat? Had the certificate been given to the con-,
testant,and he declared entitled to the seat, I could
have given notice, and shown the grounds of my
contest. . If I am recognized here, and am sworn
in, the record is straight. All the testimony a,nd
all the light necessary to be thrown upon the case
is embraced in the record which will belaid before,
the committee, and upon that the committee can
report whether Butler or Lehman is entitled to-,
the seat. When that report is made, and all the
grounds stated, every member of the House can
vote understandingly and knowingly. To do the
reverse, is to negative the proclamation of the
Governor, to negative my position, to change my
status—the status I occupy by virtue of the laws—
and to put me in the position of a contestant at
this late day.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to have the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania answer me one ques-
tion; and that is, whether the statutes of the State
of Pennsylvania prescribe that the certificate to
be sent to the Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives shall be the certificate of the judges of elec-
tion, or shall it be the proclamation of the Gov-
ernor ? I understand that the laws of each State
prescribe the form and method of ascertaining who
appears, in the first instance, to be elected a mem-
ber of this House, and prescribes in what method
that evidence shall be transmitted to the Clerk of
the House. I simply want to know what the law
of Pennsylvania is on that point.
Mr. LEHMAN. The law requires that the
return judges shall send to the Secretary of State
of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania the re-
turns, and that, upon those returns, the Governor
of Pennsylvania shall issue his proclamation de-
claring who is elected. There are some facts con-
nected with my case which I think ought to go
before a committee; but it is to be presumed that
that law, which was imperative upon the Gov-
ernor of the State, has been complied with by
him.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to inquire whether the
law of Pennsylvania prescribes that any papers
shall be sent to the Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives?
Mr. LEHMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAWES. What papers?
Mr. LEHMAN. It prescribes that the returns
and the proclamation shall be forwarded to the
Clerk of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. Docs the gentleman say the
proclamation ?
Mr. LEHMAN. I thought so. I may be in
error; and if so, I stand corrected.
Mr. STEVENS. We wiU see about that.
Mr. LEHMAN. I simply ask that this case
shall take the regular course; and that, having
been sworn in in the first instance, the whole
record in the case shall be referred to the com-
mittee to be raised under the 75th rule, which
prescribes that—
It shall be the duty of the Committee of Elections to
examine and repoit upon the cciuficates of election, or
other eiedentiais, of the members relumed to serve in this
IIousk; and to take into their consideration all such peti-
tions and other mattm touching elections and mum? as
shall or maybe presented'or come into question, and be
rel'ericd to them by the House."
The committee are to examine the credentials
because, by virtue of the Constitution of the
United States, the House is to judge of there-
turns, qualifications, and election of the members.
And how can they judge of the credentials of a
member without having all the papers before
them? What evidence has the House that the
paper presented by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Steveks] has any verity in it? What
I evidence has the House that that paper emanates
' fmm any board of return judges in the city of
Philadelphia? What evidence have they that the
names subscribed to that paper are what they
purport to be—the names of the judges of e|ec*
