m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
President, and had no relation whatever to a.
congressional election. Persons in Oregon vol-
untarily opened polls at several places, and votes
were cast for Mr. Thayer, who had no opposi-
tion. Both Republi6ans and Democrats seem to
have conceded that the previous election in June
was a competent and final one; which accounts
for the fact that but few votes were cast for Mr.
Thayer in November.
The question now is whether, under these cir-
cumstances, we shall admit Mr. Thayer to a seat;
whether, in fact, we shall oust Mr. Shiel, who
in June previous received a majority of a full vote
of the State, in an election energetically contested
by one of the ablest members of the Republican
party in the State, Mr. Logan, and let in a gen-
tleman who ^as elected under no law, and whose
election was.a voluntary affair. Under the cir-
cumstances, I submit whether it would not be
safer and better to refer the whole question to the
Committee of Elections, hereafter to be raised,
and in the mean time to suspend the right of cither
party to vote,
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Illinois, who has the Governor's*
certificate, or the certificate authorized by the
statute of Oregon to be forwarded to the Clerk of
this House?
Mr. McCLERNAND. In reply to the gentle-
man I would state that Mr. Shiel hns the certifi-
cate that was first issued by the Governor or
secretary of State—the certificate based on the
June election showing that a full vote of the State
was polled, and that in that election he received
a majority of the votes polled. It furtherappears
that Mr, Thayer has a certificate based upon the
election in November, an unauthorized anil merely
voluntary election. Shiel's certificate is the older
of the two, and the election xipon which it is
founded was held in pursuance of territorial law,
which authorized a general election. At the same
election the Legislature was elected which assumed
the function of electing United States Senators,
and which cleeted Messrs. Baker and Nesmitii,
the two Senators from Oregon now sitting in the
other end of this Capitol. Hence, if Mr. Shiel
has no title to a seat heve, neither have those gen-
tlemen titles to seats in the Senate. If the title
of the one is void so is that of the other. But I
will forbear furtherto deal with this question now.
I do not wish to prejudice it by anything I might
s y; my object is simply to warn the House
against hasty action, and perhaps erroneous ac-
tion upon it. *i will close by submitting the fol-
lowing resolution:
Rcsolwd, That tlio question of the prima facie, as well
as the final right ol'George K. Shiol and A. J. Thayer, con-
testautfi, lespcetivcly claiming a seat in tliia House, from
itie State of Oregon, he referred to tlie Committee of Elec-
tions, h< roaft«r to bo appointed, and until such committee
shall liave reported in the premises, and the House have
decided said question, neither of said contcbtnnts fliail be
admitted to a «seat.
Mr. MUTCH INS. I move to lay that reso-
lution on the table.
The motion was agreed to; and the resolution
was laid on the tabTc.
The usual oath, to support the Constitution of
the United States, was then administered to Mr.
Thayer.
The Clerk next called the case of Samuel G.
Daily.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If it be the pleasure of
the House to defer this case until we have organ-
ized by the election of a Clerk, 1 am perfectly
willing, provided the case is not prejudiced thereby.
I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
ELECTION OF CLERK.
Mr. FENTON. I now renew my motion that
the House proceed to the election of a Clerk.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I hope the gentle-
man will withdraw his motion until we have
adopted rules for the government of the House
Mr. KENTON. I cannot; and I call the pre-
vious question upon the motion.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put,
The motion was agreed to.
The House then proceeded to execute its order,
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, nominated John W.
Forney, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. MALLORi nominated Emerson Ether-
idge, of Tennessee,
Mr. FOUKE nominated John E. Deitrich* of
Illinois.
The roll was called, with the following result:
Whole number of votes, 156; necessary to a
choice, 79; of which—
Mr. Etheridge received   .92
Mr. Forney 41
Mr. Deitrich 21
Mr. Florence   2
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Etheridge—Messrs. Aldrieh, Alley, Appleton,
Arnold, Ashley, Goldsmith F. Dailey, Baker, Baxter, Bea-
man, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Butfinton, Calvert, CarJile,
Chamberlain, Ambrose W. Clark, Colfax, Frederick A.
Conklmg, Roscoe Conkling, Conway, CrisfieJd, Cutler,
Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunlap, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot,
Ely, Fenton, Fessenden, Franehet, Frank, Gooch, Gi anger,
Grider, Hanchett, Harding, llorton, Hutchins, Jackson,
Francis W. Kellogg, Wilham Kellogg, Lansing, Leary,
Loomis, McKean, McKnight, Mallory,Marston, Menzies,
Mitchell, Anson P. Morrill, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Patton,
Pike, Potter, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Riddle,
Edward II. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Sedgwick, Shanks,
Sheffield, Shellabergcr, Sherman, Sloan, Spaulding, Ste-
vens, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Trowbridge,
Upton, Vandever, Van Home, Van Valkenburgh, Wall,
Charles W. Walton, E. P. Walton, Washbume, Webster,
Wheeler, Whaley, Albert S. White, Wickliffe, Windom,
Worcester, and Mr. Speaker.
For Mr. Forney—Messrs. Babbitt, Bingham, Francis P.
Blair, Campbell, Cobb, Covode, Cravens, Cuitis, Davis,
I)iven, English, Goodwin, Gurley, Haight, Hale, Harrison,
Ilickman, Ilolman, Julian, ICelley, Killingcr, Law, Leh-
man, Lovejoy, McPheison, Moorhead, Olm, Perry, Pom-
eioy, Porter, John B. Steel, Wilham G. Steel, Stratton,
Thayer, Tram, Trimble, Wan Wyck, Verrec, Wallace,
Wogdruft', and Wright.
For Mr. Deitrich—Messrs. Allen, Ancona, Joseph Bailey,
Cooper, Cox, Fouke, Johnson. Lazear, Logan, McCler-
nand, Moirls, Noble, Norton, George II. Pendleton, Rich-
ardson, Robinson, Vallandigham, Vibbard, Voorhees, Chil-
ton A. White, and Wood.
For Mr. Florence—Messrs. Odell and Ward.
The SPEAKER then announced that Emerson
Etheridge, having received a majority of all* the
votes cast, was duly elected Clerk of the House
for the Thirty-Seventh Congress.
ADOPTION OF RULES.
Mr. WASHBTTRNE. I now desire to submit
the motion I have before indicated, in relation to
adopting the rules of the last House. I submit the
following resolutions:
Resolved, That the rules of the House of Representatives
of the Thirty-Sixth Congress shall be the rules of the
House of Repiescmtalives until otherwise ordered.
Resolved further, That a committee of five, to consist of
the Speaker and lour members, to be named by him, be
appointed, to whom shall be icferred the rules of the House,
who shall have the right to leport at any time all such
amendments or revision of the same as they shall think
proper; and i*uch report, when made, shall be considered
by iho House as a special older.
I now demand the previous question on the res-
olutions.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I wish to remark
that at the last Congress such a committee was
appointed,from which a report was made by the
gentleman from Maine, (Mr. Washburne,) not
now a member of tho House. The House, after
a long and thorough consideration, adopted the
report of that committee, and the gentleman who
now sits at the Clerk's desk was appointed to col
late the rules, rearrange them, and publish them,
with Jefferson's Manual and Barclay's Digest.
This was done at considerable expense. A large
number of them were printed,and it seems to me
unnecessary to go over the same ground again
now.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The gentleman will see
that no revision of tho rules is required by this
resolution. But it may become necessary, in
emergencies that may arise during this session,
to change certain rules, and I wish to place it in
our power to make such change if we shall find
it expedient.
Mr. VALLANDIGrtlAM. Will it not be better
to wait and asceitain whether any change is ne-
cessary ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. If the committee iind
it necessary to make no change, of course they
will make none. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remark that
lie would construe the rules of the last House as
continuing in force until otherwise ordered; but
he sees 110 objection to tho adoption of the reso-
lutions of the gentleman from Illinois.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The resolutions were adopted.
Mr, "WASHliWlNE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolutions were adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider oil
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NOTICE TO THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. ELY, by unanimous consent, offered the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That a committee be appointed an the part of
tlie House, to join such committee as may be appointed on
the part of the Senate, to wait upon the President of tlie
United States, and inform him that a quorum of tlie two
Houses of Congress lias assembled, and that Congress 13
ready to receive any communication lie may make.
NOTICE TO THE SENATE.
Mr. TRAIN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That a message he sent to the Senate to inform
that body that a quorum of the House of Representati ves
has assembled; that Galosh* A. Grow, one of the Rep-
resentatives of the State of Pennsylvania, has been cliosen
Speaker; that the House is now ready to" proceed to busi-
ness ; and that the Clerk do go with said message.
THE STANDING COMMITTERS.
Mr. COLFAX. It is necessary that we pro-
ceed as rapidly as possible with our 'business,
and to facilitate our organization, I move that the
Speaker be authorized to appoint the standing
committees of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that,
by the standing rules of the House, the Speaker
is authorized to appoint the committees.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I submit the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the sessions of the House shall begin at
eleven o'clock, a. m., and end at three o'clock, p. m., until
otherwise ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is compelled to
rule the resolution out of order, as it proposes a
change of the rules.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Then I will leave off the
close of the resolution which provides the hour at
which the session shall close. It seems to me
entirely proper that we should meet at ail earlier
hour than we were in the habit of doing during
the short days of winter. I will also state that
in many of the boarding-houses of the city the
dinner hour is three or half past three, and that
some of us who are detained later, have to go
with cold dinners.
Mr. CURTIS. I disagree entirely with my
friend as to the propriety of meeting at an earlier
hour than twelve. The committees of the House,
which do the work, meet at nine o'clock, and
have as much work as they can get through with.
I move to amend the gentleman's motion by
striking out "eleven" and inserting "twelve."
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
TARIFF.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to give
notice that I will, at an early day, introduce a
bill to modify the tariff bill passed at the last ses-
sion of Congress.
The SPEAKER. That notice can be handed
to the Clerk under the rules.
PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. STEVENS presented the petition of John
M. Butler, contesting the right of William E.
Lehman to a seat in the House from the first
district of Pennsylvania, to be referred to the
Committee of Elections, when formed.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASE3URNE,
(at ten minutes before five o'clock,) the House
adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 5, 1861.
Prayer by Rev. Byron Sunderland, D. D.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
ELECTION OF SERGEANT-AT-ARMS.
Mr. HALE. I move to take up the resolution
which I submitted yesterday,for consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire moves to suspend the rules of
the Senate for the purpose of taking up the reso-
lution submitted by the Senator yesterday. The
Chair hears no objection. The resolution is be-
fore the Senate, aa'd will be read by the Secretary.
