1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the Senate do now proceed to the
election of a Sergeant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. There may be some misunder-
standing about that resolution. I believe there is
in the minds of some gentlemen, because it appa-
rently refers to two officers. The resolution is
for the election of a Sergeant-at-Arms and Door-
keeper. It is one office.
Tne VICE PRESIDENT. Senators will please
prepare their ballots for the officer designated in
the resolution.
The ballots having been collected and can-
vassed, the result was as follows: Whole number
of votes cast, 41; nccessary to a choice, 22; of
which—
Mr. George T. Brown received. 29
Mr. D. R. McNair 9
Mr. George JSrown  2
Mr. R. "Beale  1
George T. Brown having received a majority
of the whole number of votes, "was declared
elected Scrgeant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper.
Mr. HALE. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate pay, out of
the contingent fund of the Senate, to D. R. McNair? late
Seigeant-at-Arms, an amount equal to the salaiyol Ser-
geant-at-Arms from the 5th of July instant until the first
Monday of December next.
Mr. President, I will let that lie over until to-
morrow, but I beg the indulgence of the Senate
to make a single statement about it. At the last
time of the election of a Sergeant-at-Arms by the
Senate, when Mr. McNair was chosen, a similar
resolution to this was passed in favor of the re-
tiring Sergeant, Mr. Beale, except that Mr.
Beale's salary was paid to the close of the fiscal
year. But for this extraordinary session of the
Senate, Colonel McNair's salary would continue
until next December without any further inter-
ference of the Senate. As an act of justice and
courtesy to Mr. McNair, who is removed with-
out any cause affecting his moral character, to
say the least of it, and whose intercourse with
the Senate, so far as 1 know, has been pleasant,
courteous, and gentlemanly, I have thought it
due to him to offer this resolution; and that the
Senate may not vote on it by surprise, let it lie
over until to-morrow. I give notice that I sliall
call it up to-morrow morning.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I know that the Senator
from New Hampshire never does an act without
cause. I should like to ask him the reason why
it was nccessary to remove Colonel McNair at
all. We have seen a good officer removed, no
objection made to him, no reason assigned for that
removal. Perhaps the Senator knows of some
good cause; if so, we ought to be informed of it.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator from Delaware
will tell me why the State of Delaware superseded
Mr. Comegys, and sent him here, perhaps I may
inform him. [Laughter.]
Mr. SAULSBURY. I presume for the same
reason that the State of New Hampshire sent the
gentleman here—because they had confidence m
the man.
The resolution lies over under the rules.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to give notice that
I shall to-morrow, or on some subsequent day,
introduce a bill to confiscate the property of all
Governors of States, members of Legislatures,
judges of courts, and all military officers above
the rank of lieutenant, who shall take up arms
against the Government of the United States, or
aid or abet treason against the Government of the
United States, and that the said individuals shall
be forever disqualified from holding any office of
honor, emolument, or trust, under this Govern-
ment; the property thus confiscated to be used in
restoring to the Union men of the rebel States any
losses which may have resulted to them in con-
sequence of the present rebellion.
notification of organization.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Emerson Etheiudge, its Clerk, an-
nounced that a quorum of the House of Repre-
sentatives had assembled ;that Galusha A. Grow,
one of the Representatives of the State of Penn-
sylvania, had been chosen Speaker; and that the
House was now ready to proceed to business.
The message also ^announced that the House
had passed the following resolution:
Resolved, That a committee be appointed on the part of
the House, to join such committee as may be appointed on
the part of the Senate, to wait upon the President of the
United States, and inform him that a quorum of the two
Houses of Congress has assembled, and that Congress is
ready to receive any communication he may bo pleased to
make.
And that the Speaker had appointed Messrs.
Alfred Ely of New York, John S. Carlile of
Virginia, and William A. Richardson of Illi-
nois, to serve as the committee on the part of the
House.
Mr. HALE. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That a committee, consisting of three mem-
bers., be appointed, to join such committee as may be ap-
pointed by the House of Representatives, to wait on the
Piesident of the United States, and inform him that a
quorum of each House has assembled, and that Congress
is ready to receive any communication he may be pleased
to make, and that said committee be appointed by the
Chair.
The resolution was agreed to; and the Vice
President appointed Mr. Hale, Mr. Browning,
and Mr. Pearce, the committee on the part of
the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
take a recess untii half past one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
At half past one o'clock the Vice President
resumed the chair.
the standing committees,
Mr. PESSENDEN. I desire to give notice
that to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, I shall move
that the Senate proceed to the appointment of the
regular stan ding committees of the body, by ballot,
in the usual form.
tiie president's message.
Mr. HALE. The joint committee appointed
by the two Houses to wait upon the President of
the United States, and inform him that a quorum
of the two Houses had assembled and were ready
to receive any communication he might be pleased
to make, have attended to that duty; and the Pres-
ident instructed the committee to report to the two
Houses that he would communicate to Congress
forthwith in writing.
Soon afterwards, Mr. John G. Nicolay, the
Secretary of the President of the United States,
appeared at the bar and announced that he was
directed by the President of the United States to
deliver to the Senate a message in writing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The message will
be read by the Secretary.
The Acting Secretary read the message. [It
will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. HALE. I move that the usual number
of copies of the message be printed, and ten thou-
sand extra copies.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator that there are also accom-
panying documents.
Mr. HALE. I move that the usual number
of them be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the
Senator from New Hampshire will, when the
committees are raised, go to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. HALE. It need not go there. This is a
communication from the Executive.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
print the usual number does not go to the com-
mittee, but the motion to print extra numbers
does.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I suppose every Sen-
ator desires to see that message in print, and I
presume there will be no objection on this side of
the Chamber to printing the usual number.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule can be
dispensed with by the unanimous consent of the
Senate. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I believe there is no need
of dispensing with the rules, for the purpose of
printing the usual number; but the motion to
print extra numbers must go to the committee, if
required.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The usual number
will be printed for the use of the Senate, there
being no objection.
report on tiie finances.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
made in pursuance of law, on the subject of the
finances, containing" estimates of the public rev-
enue and public expenditures, and plans for im-
proving and increasing th§ revenue; which,'on
motion of Mr. Grimes, wUs ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
INCREASE OF THE NAYY.
Mr. HALE. I wish to give notice that on to-
morrow'or some subsequent day of the session I
shall ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for
the temporary increase of the Navy.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the Senate then
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 5, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Thomas H. Stockton*.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
SWEARING TN OF THE CLERK.
Hon. Emerson Etheridge, of Tennessee, who
was yesterday elected Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives for the Thirty-Seventh Congress,
appeared and took the oath of office.
COMMITTEE ON RULES.
The following gentlemen, together with the
Speaker, constitute the committee on rules, ap-
pointed under the resolution of the House of yes-
terday: Messrs. Washburne, Colfax, Richard-
son, and Mallory.
ELECTION OF SERGEANT-AT-ARMS.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the House do
now proceed to the election of a Sergeant-at-
Arms.
The motion was agreed to.
The following nominations were then made:
By Mr. Pike: Benjamin F. Mudgett, ofMaine.
By Mr. Horton: Edward Bali, of Ohio.
By Mr. Bailey, of Pennsylvania: Adam J.
Glossbrenner, of Pennsylvania.
By Mr. Calvert: W. L. W. Seabrook, of
Maryland.
By Mr. McClernand: William G. Flood, of
Illinois.
The SPEAKER appointed the following tellers
to count the votes: Messrs. Lovejoy, Pike, Hor-
ton, and Bailey of Pennsylvania.
The House then proceeded to vote viva voce for
Sergeant-at-Arms, with the following result:
Whole number of votes cast, 156; necessary
to a choice, 79; of which—
Mr. Ball received ...81*
Mi. Mudgett 33
Mr. Glossbrenner 21
Mr. Seabrook   13
Mr. Flood  8
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Ball—Messrs. Aldrich, Allen. Arnold, Ashley,
Babbitt, Baker, Beaman, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, JJlake,
Campbell, Carlile, Chamberlain, Ambrose VV. Clark, Col-
fax, Convvav, Covode, Cox, Curtis, Cutler, Davis, JJueilj,
Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Fessenderi, Fran-
chot, Frank, Goodwin, Guiloy, Hale, Harrison, Ilolman,
Horton, Butchins, Julian, Kclley, Fiaucis W. Kellogg,
William Kellogg, Lansing, Loomi-s,McK>.an, McPheison,
Marston, Mitchell, Mooihead, Justin S. Monill, Nixon,
Patton, Perry, Pomeioy, Poi tor, Potter, Riddle, Edward H.
Rollins, Shanks, Shellaberger, Spaulding, John B. Stool,
Stevens, Stratton, Thayer, Trimble, Trowbndge, Upton,
Vandever, Van Home, Van Yalkenhmgh, Van Wyck,
Verree,Wall,Wallace, E. P.Walton, Wa>hbuine,Whaley,
Albert S. White, VVindnm, WoretMei, and Mr. Speaker.
For Mr. Mudgett—Messrs. Appleton, GoUhmith F. Bai-
ley, Baxter, Fiancis P. Blair. Bufimton, Fiedorick A.Conk-
Iing, Roj-coc Conkling, Dawes, Delano, Diven, Fisher,
Gooch, Gianger, llaight, Hickman, Lovejoy, McKnight,
Anson P. Moinll. Odell, Ohn, Pike, Alexander II. Rice,
John II.Ilicc, Sedgwick, Sheffield, Sherman, Sloan,Smith,
Benjamin F. Thomas, 'Plain, Vibbard, Charles W. Wal-
ton, and Wheeler.
For Mr. Glossbrenner—Messrs. Allen, Ancona, Joseph
Bailey, Bui nett, Cobb, Cooper, Cravens, English, Johnson,
Law, La/.car, Lehman, Moius. Noble, Geoige H. Pendle-
ton. Robinson, William G. Steel, Vallandigham, Chilton
A. White, Woodruff, and Wright.
For Mr. Sehbrook—Mes«is. Calvert, Orisfieid, Runlap,
Gnder, Harding Jackson, Kilimger, Leaiy,Mallory,Men-
zies, Francis Thomas, Webster, and Wieklifte.
For Mr. Flood—Messrs. George U. Biovvne, Fouke,
Logan, McClernand, Noell, Norton, Reid, and Richardson.
During the roll-call a number of members who
had voted for Mr. Mudgett changed their votes,
and voted-for Mr. Ball, who had received a plu-
rality of the votes.
Mr. COX said: I know Mr. Ball is well fitted
for this office, and I take pleasure in voting for
him. 1 change my vote from Glossbrenner to
Ball.
