12
THE, OOJSTG-RESSIONAL GLOBE;
July 5,
The tellers having reported the result of the
vote as above recorded,
The SPEAKER declared that Edward Ball,
of Ohio, having received a majority of all the
votes casti was duly elected Sergeant-at-Arms of
the House of Representatives for the Thirty-Sev-
enth Congress.
•Mr. Ball then appeared and took the Bath of
office.
MEMBERS SWORN IN.
Mr. "WICKLIPFE. My colleague, Hon. John
3, Crittenden, is'present, and desires to take the
oath of office.
Mr. Cjottenden, Representative from the
<eiglith congressional district of Kentucky, then
appeared, and took the oath to support the Con-
stitution -of the United States.
CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. JOHNSON. I present the petition of John
Kline, a citizen of the third congressional district
of Pennsylvania, contesting the seat of John P.
Verrec! returned as member from that district.
The SPEAKER. The petition will be referred
to the Committee of Elections, when appointed.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask that the documents in
the case filed with the Clerk be also referred to
the committee, when appointed.
It was so ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolve3, That the several gentlemen who shall Imvis
contests lor seats pending before tins tlouse have tliepuv-
ilego 01' the floor during such contests.
Mr. DAWES. It is usual to add "with the
right to speak to the merits of the question." 1
suggest that amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I accept the modification.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
ELECTION OP DOOKKBKPUR.
Mr. VAN WYCIL I move that the House
proceed to the election of a Doorkeeper.
Mr. EDWARDS. Ldcsire to submit the fol
lowing resolution:
JiewlM'tU That the election of Doorkeeper lie postponed
writ il tlie lirst regular sesMoa of tins Uongrtusi, and thattlie
present Dooi keeper Ue eonunueil in ollice until such elec-
tion.
{ am aware, sir, that this is a somewhat unusual
motion, and that the reason should be assigned
for its presentation to the House. I will state, in
thefirstplaee, lhatthereason forthesubmission of
the motion by me is, that the Doorkeeper is a cit-
izen of the State of JNcw Hampshire, and it seemed
proper that, a request of this kind front him should
come from one of the Representatives of that State
and let me say, sir, that in the olliee-holding tin
der this Government, that State is not very fully
represented.
Mr. VALLANDIGI-IAM. 1 rise to a fpiestion
of order. I make the point of order that the res-
olution submitted by the gentleman from New
Hampshire is out of order, because it conflicts
with the JOth rule of the House, which provides
that there shall be elected, at the. conmu'ticvmcnt of
each Congress, to continue in office until their suc-
cefesois are appointed, a Clerk, Sergeant-at-Arms,
Doorkeeper, and Postmaster. 1 make the point
of order that the resolution is not in order be-
cause it changes that rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would
be in order to postpone the election of Door-
keeper, and overrules the point of order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I beg leave to call
the attention of the Chair to the rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would slate that
by a rule of f lie House the present officers of the
House continue in office until theii successors are
elected. The question of postponement, there-
fore, is a question for the House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I apprehend the
Chair did not understand the point 1 made—that,
inasmuch as the rule peremptorily requires an
election at the commencement of eacli Congress,
it is not in order to postpone the election to a sub-
sequent session. That is my point of order, and
I apprehend it is well taken.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
10th rule.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
Phcre shall he elected af die commencement of cacii
Congas?, to continue m office until then snocosois aie
appointed, a Cleik, fceigoarii-at-Amis, Dooikecper, and
Po.-tma^ter. each ot whom shall taKean oath for the tiw
aiui faithful discharge of the duties of his office, to thebest
of his knowledge and abilities, and to keep the secrets of
the House; and the appointees of the Doorkeeper and
Postmaster shall be subject to the approval of the Speaker;
and, in all cases of election by the House of its officers, the
vote shall be taken viea voce.5>
The SPEAKER. Under that rule the Chair
overrules the poifit of order made by the gentle-
man from Ohio, and understands the precedents
are in accordance with the reading of the rule.
The officers would continue in office until their
successors are elected.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It is not a case in
which I would desire to take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair, but I think the point was
well taken.
Mr. EDWARDS. The main reason that in-
duces this request is, that the Doorkeeper—the
present incumbent—about six weeks since was
called home to New Hampshire on account of the
severe sickness of his wife; that her sickness has
required his constant personal attention from that
time to this; that he had the misfortune to have
to attend her burial on Sunday, and arrived here
only last night*" that he has had no opportunity
of consulting his friends in relation to this matter,
and that he has had no opportunity to make the
usual interest which is made by every candidate
for office here, and without which no man can be
elected here. All he desires is that this matter
may be postponed until the first regular session,
when he will only have completed the usual term
of office, and then that the matter may be sub-
mitted to the House Tor their free action. On
these considerations I hope that the House will
indulge him in this matter, and will see that it is
but an act of justice to him and of propriety in
every point of view. *
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to lay the resolution
of the gentleman from New Hampshire upon the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Van
Wyck's motion; and it was agreed to.
The following nominations for Doorkeeper were
then made:
By i\l r. Fenton: IraG-oodenow, ofNew York.
HyMr.Cox: John G. Doran, of Ohio.
By Mr. Law, (in behalf of Mr. Carlile, who
was absent on a committee of the House,) George
A. Jiaxseif, of the District "of Columbia.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Fenton,
Cox, Law, and Foukh, tellers (o count the votes.
The tellers having taken their nkcesjthe House
proceeded to vote vh\tvoce for Doorkeeper of the
Thirty-Seventh Congress, with the following re-
sult:
Whole number of votes cast, 147; necessary to
a choice, 74; of which—
lr;i Goodenow leccived l£l
John G. Doran  14
George A. -Haskell 11
W. V. Aiken  l
The following; is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Cooilcnou—Messrs. Aldueh, Alley, Arnold,
A* blev, Babbitt, Gokhtnilh Bailey, Joseph Bailey, Ma-
ker, Baxtei, Bcamau, Bingham, Make, Budinton, Camp-
bell, Chambeilam, Ambio-e W, CUuk, Colfax, Frederick
A. Conkling, Roseoe Conklmg, Conway, Covodc, Cravens,
Cii-ljeld, Curtn, Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Diven,
Duell, Dunlap, Edgeiton, Edwards, English, Fenton, Fes-
hoiuleu, Fe-her, Fouke, Franchot, Fiank,Gooch, Goodwin,
Gianger,Gndei,fimle\, Ilaigbt, Hale, Ilanchott, Ilaiding,
Hickman, Uohnan. Iloiton, Ilutehins, Jackson, Julian,
Kelley, Fianei* VV. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kilhnger,
Lansing, Law, LoouiLs, Lovejoy, MoKcan, MeKmglu,
MePhoi^on, Mdifton.Meimes, AlitehcII.Moorhead, Justin
P. Momll. ft i.vmi, udell, (Hin, Patton, Pony, Pike, Pome-
loy, Poi tei, Poitei, Alexandci II. Rico, John II. Kiee, Rid-
dle, Fdwatd II- Rollin-. Sedgwick, Shank-*, Shellaburgei,
Sheunan, Sloan, Smith, Hpauldins, John B. Steel, Ste-
vrn*, Stiattou, Fianeis Thomas, Thajcr, Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Upton, Vundever, Van Home, Van Valkenbuigh,
Van Wyek, Vr-nee, Vibbard. Voorhces, Wall, Wallace.
Chatlcs W. Walton, E. P. Walton, Ward, Wa-diburne,
Wheeler, Wlialey, Albeit S. White, Wieklifi'e, VVmdom,
Woodrnll", Woicester, Wught, and Mi. Speaker.
For Mr. JtassfM—Messr*. France* P. Blnii, Samuel P.
Plan, Calvert, Cobb, Eliot, Leary, Mnllorj*, Sheffield,Ben-
jamin F. Thomas, Tram, and Web>ter.
For Mr. Doran—Me.-.srs, Allen, Aneona. Cooper, Cov,
IlaiiHon, John.-on, La/.eai. Logan, AlcClemand, Moms,
Noble, George II Pendleton, Vallandigham, and Clnlton
A. White
■ For Mr. Jlihen—'SIr. Burnett.
During the vote,
Mr. BAILEY, of Pennsylvania, asked to ex-
plain his vote.
The SPEAKER (objection being made) decided
that discussion was not in order during the roll
call
Mr. Bailey, of Pennsylvania, voted for Mr.
Goodenow.
The SPEAKER then announced that Ira
g00den0w,havingreceived a majority of the votes
cast, was duly elected Doorkceperof the House of
Representatives of theThirty-Seventh Congress.
Mr. Goodenow appeared and took the usual
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States.
ELECTION 03? CHAPLAIN.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which'wasudopted unan-
imously:
Resolved, That Rev. Thomas H. Stockton be, and lie is
hereby, declared to be the Chaplain of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the Thirty-Seventh Congress.
ELECTION 01? POSTMASTER.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, moved that the
House proceed to the election of Postmaster for
the House of Representatives of the Thirty-Sev-
enth Congress.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, nominated Josiah
M. Lucas, of Illinois.
Mr. ALDRICH nominated William S. King,
of Minnesota.
Mr. STEEL, of New Jersey, nominated Wil-
liam A. Johnson, of New Jersey.
Mr. KILLINGER nominated William K. Me-
halfey.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Steel of
New Jeisey, Kellogg of Illinois, Killinger, and
Aldricii, tellers.
The tellers having taken their places, the House
then proceeded to vote viva voce for Postmaster of
the House of Representatives of the Thirty-Sev-
enth Congress, with the following result:
Whole number of votes cast, 15G; necessary to
a choicc, 79; of which—
William S. King leccived   80
Josiah M. Lucas 'r2
William A. Johnson 2
William IC. Mehaffcy  2
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Kwg—Messrs. Akhich, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baxter, Bingh'am, Samuel ri. Blau-, Blake, Geoige II.
Biowne, Buffinton, Campbell, Chamberlain, Ambrose W.
Clark, Fiedeiiclv A. Colliding, Ro&coe Conkhng, Conway,
Covode, Curtis, (hitler, T)<ivis, Dn.we-5, Delano, Duell,Ed-
geiton, Edwaula, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Fesscnden, Franehot,
Fiank, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Hanehett, Hutchins,
Julian, Kelley, Francis VV. Kellogg, Lansing, Lovejoy,
McKean, Mcknight,Marston, Mitchell, Moorhead, Anson
P. Moirill, Justin S. Moirill, Olin, Patton, Pike, Pomeroy,
Pottei, John II. Iiiee, Riddle, Edward II. Rollins, Sedg-
wick, Shanks, Sheffield, Sherman,Sloan,Spaulding, John
B. Steel, Slovens, Tram, Trowbtidge, Vandevcr, Van
Home, Van Valkenbuigh,Vibbard, Wall, Charles W. Wal-
ton, E. P. Walton, Wtt>hbuinc, Wheeler, AlbeitS. White,
Windom, Woiccstcr, Wiight, and Mr. Speaker.
For Mr. Lucas—Messi;-. Allen, Ancona, Appleton, Ar-
nold, Joseph Bailey, liaker, Francis P. Blair, B'irnett,
Calveit, Carhlo, Cobb. Colfax, Cox, Ciavcns, Cnsfiold,
Diven, Dunlap, English, Fisher, Fouke, Gndeu Gurley,
Ilaight, Ilale, Harding, Harrison, Hickman, Iiolman,Hor-
ton, Jonnson, William Kellogg, Killinger, Law, Lazear,
Leaiy, Lehman, Logan, Loomis, Me(^leinand, Mallory,
Menzies, Morris, Nixon, Noble, Nocll, Noiton, Odeil,
George IL Pendleton, Perrj-, Porter, Reid, Alexander II.
Rica, Richardson, Robinson, James S. Rollins, Siicllabcr-
ger, Smith, William G. Steel, Stratton, Fiancis Thoma«,
Thayer, Trimble, Upton, Van Wyck, Verice, Vooihees,
Wallace, Wcboter, Whaley, Chilton A. White, Wicklille,
and Woodruff.
For Mr. Johnson—Messrs. Coopei and Vallandigliam.
For Mr. Mehaffcy—Me^rs. Jackson and McPheiJ-on.
The SPEAKER then announced thatMr. King,
having; received a majority of the votes cast, was
duly elected Postmaster of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the Thirty-Seventh Congress.
Mr. King appeared and took the usual oath to
support the Constitution of the United States.
COMMITTEE TO WAIT ON THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. ELY. Mr* Speaker, I rise to a privileged
question. The committee appointed on the part
of the House of Representatives to meet a similar
committee on the part of the Senate, to inform the
President of the United States that both Houses
weie assembled, organized, and ready to reccive
any communication it might be his pleasure to
make, have discharged that duty, and have re-
ceived for answer that he will communicate imme-
diately with both Houses in writing.
MESSAGE OP TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States, by the hands of
John Cf. Njcolay, Esq., his Private Secretary.
