14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
Houseforits consideration at this time is, whether
it was competent for the Governor of the Terri-
tory of Nebraska to reconsider his original motion,
of issuing the certificate to Mr. Morton, and to
issue a counter one to Mr. Daily. That is the
question for the consideration of the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. With the permission
of the gentleman, I desire to state that the can-
vassers who determined the vote were the Gov-
ernor, the chief justice, and the district attorney.
Mr.Blaek may nave'been overruled in the dispo-
sition of that testimony before those canvassers.
Mr. CONWAY. The organic act of the Ter-
ritory of Nebraska provides that in elections for
Delegate to Congress the person having the great-
est number of votes shall be declared by the Gov-
ernor to be duly elected, and a certificate thereof
shall be given him.
Mr, WASHBURNE. The Governor alone?
Mr.CONWAY. Yes,sir; theGovernoralone.
It is, therefore, necessary that this House shall
have before it a certificate from the Governor of
Nebraska, in order to determine who has received
the highest number of votes in the election.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to make
one inquiry. I understood my colleague [Mr.
Richardson] to say that by the law of the Ter-
ritory the votes were to bo canvassed by the
Governor, the chief justice and the attorney gen-
General.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The district attorney.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Well, the dis-
trict attorney. And that they were, after having
canvassed the votes, to determine upon the num-
ber of votes given. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Kansas if that is a correct statement, and
according to the law?
Mr. CONWAY. I am not acquainted with
the fact.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. That seems to
me to be an important matter.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If there is any dispute
about it, I will send and get the law.
Mr. CONWAY. It is not important at all.
As a matter of course, we presume that the offi-
cers whom the law required to canvass the votes
discharged the duty, for wo have the certificate of
the Governor as evidence.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Will the gen-
tleman permit me to aslc him a question which
seems to me to be important? Is he advised
whether, in the second count mentioned in the
second certificate, the chief justice and district
attorney were associated with the Governor?
Mr. CONWAY. Well, sir, the chief justice
and the district attorney were not associated in
either certificate. It would be improper for them
to be so associated. It is only necessary that we
should have before us the certificate of the Gov-
ernor of the Territory, 111 order to inform us of
the fact.
Mr. KELLOGG, oflllinois. My inquiry was
in relation to the count.
Mr. CONWAY. I propose to make my state-
ment, and give my version of the ease,and then
the whole House can discuss it if they please.
The point disclosed by the testimony in this
case, which is the important point in it, and the
one which decides it, is this: that the certificate of
of election testifying to the votes cast and to the
person elected, is the certificate which was
awarded to Mr. Daily. The certificate which was
given by mistake to Mr. Morton was no certifi-
cate of election. The Governor of the Territory
himself declines thut it docs not certify to the
election of Mr. Morton. The organic act of the
Territory provides that the Governor shall certify
who has received the highest number of votes;
and it is upon that certificate that a prima facie
case is made out, which entitles a member to a
seat upon this floor in the first instance.
Now, the point which 1 make is this: that the
certificate which has been given by the Governor
is the one winch is held by Mr. Daily; and tlint
the original certificate of the Governor does not
certify that Mr. Morton leceived the highest
number of votes ca^t. It certifies no such thing;
and the proof of that is, that the Governor of the
Territory, in the most solemn and formal man-
ner, under the seal of the Territory, has declared
that it does not certify to the election of Mr.
Morton; that, in consequence of having diseov-
CF, that fraudulent votes were cast, he is dis-
abled from so certifying; and he has formally
issued a certificate to Mr. Daily as having re-
ceived the highest number of votes cast.
It would, therefore, seem to me to be impossi-
ble for the House to admit Mr. Morton to a seat
upon the floor as bearing the certificate from the
Governor of the Territory. We have the Gov-
ernor's formal declaration to the contrary.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richard-
son] has stated that Mr. Daily had served a
notice of contest upon Mr. Morton, and he desires
that that shall be taken as the basis of action in
this House in order to admit Mr. Morton to the
seat over Mr. Daily. Mr. Daily very properly
served notice of contest upon Mr. Morton upon
ascertaining, as he did at first, that the Governor
had issued a certificate to Mr. Morton. It was
perfectly proper for him to do so. He based his
action upon the error which had been committed
by the Governor. Upon the correction of that
error by the Governor, and upon the issuance of
a certificate to him, the necessity for such a pro-
ceeding fell to the ground. Mr. Daily then as-
sumed the position which Mr. Morton had origin-
ally occupied by virtueof having the Governor's
certificate, and it became necessary for Mr. Mor-
ton to serve notice of contest upon Mr. Daily.
It is said that Mr. Morton must suffer in case Mr.
Daily is admitted to the scat by reason of not
having served such notice on Mr. Daily. That
is the fault of Mr. Morton. If he failed to serve
notice of contest on Mr. Daily upon ascertaining
that the Governor had determined to issue a cer-
tificate to that gentleman, it was his own delin-
quency ; and this House cannot be held responsible
for it, or asked to admit him to the seat in conse-
quence of it.
It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that in no view
of this case can the House cornc to the conclusion
to admit Mr. Morton to the seat, but that Mr.
Daily is fully and fairly entitled to it.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Mr. Speaker, I can
only account for the very wild and extravagant
statement which has been made by the gentleman
from Kansas, upon the supposition that he is to-
tally ignorant of the l'actsand the law of this case.
Among other very peremptory statements made
by the gentleman, as I understood him, was this:
that at the first canvassing of the returns of this
election, neither the judge of the Territory nor
the district attorney was present. I am author-
ized (o say that that statement is not true.
Mr. CONWAY. The gentleman from Illinois
will nllowme to correct him. I said no such thing.
Mr. McCLERNAND. What was it the gen-
tleman did say?
Mr. CONWAY. I said that there was noth-
ing in either of the certificates to show that any
other member of the board was present, except
the Governor himself, at the counting of the votes.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I am willing to ac-
cept the gentleman's explanation. That is what
the gentleman may have intended to say, but,
with all respect to him, I think he stated differ-
ently in response to an inquiry my colleague
[Mr. Kellogg] put to him as to the number
present.
Mr. CONWAY. That is not so.
Mr. McCLERNAND. That is what I under-
stood^ you to say. You have a right to disclaim
it. The gentleman, in his very wild and extrava-
gant expressions, said that the certificate does not
declare that Mr. Morton was elected. I took
down the gentleman's language,or the substance
of it. Now, I call for the reading of the certifi-
cate.
The Clerk again read the certificate.
Mr. McCLERNAND. There, sir, is the high-
est evidence that can be afforded 
Mr. CONWAY. I request that the counter
certificate be also read.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Not at this point of
time, with my permission.
Mr. CONWAY. I suppose not.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Wo will not bandy
words.
The gentleman, as I before observed, is mis-
taken in this point. The certificate is a full and
complete one. It affirms, not only the fact that
Mr. Morton received a majority of the votes polled
at that election in June, I860, but that he was duly
elected Delegate to Congress from the Territory
of Nebraska. So much for that point.
But the gentleman says that the certificate issued
to Mr. Morton was issued through mistake. We
have the gentleman's authority for that assertion.
Doubtless the gentleman is sincere in it. But we
are to determine whether the certificate was issued
through mistake, in view of the facts. We have
reason to believe—indeed, we are authorized to
say—that, not only was the Governor present at
the time the returns of this election were canvassed,
but the judge and district attorney were also pres-
ent; ana that when they were canvassed, it was
found that Mr/Morton had received a majority
of the votes. It was upon this majority, thus
ascertained, that the certificate was issued. How,
then, I repeat, can it be said that the certificate
was issued through mistake? Upon what author-
ity does the gentleman predicate his assertion?
But the gentleman says that afterwards—four
months afterwards—the Governor assumed the
prerogative of canceling the first certificate and
issuing another to the other candidate, Mr. Daily.
Does the gentleman assume to assert, as a sound
legal proposition, that the Governor had the
legal power, the right to do that? Suppose that
Mr. Morton had been admitted to his seat, and
that after he had been admitted the Governor had
cancelled the certificate under which he took his
seat: would that cancellation have been valid—
would it have been sufficient to oust Mr. Morton
of his seat? No man who is at all acquainted
with legal principles would say so—would assert
such an absurdity. The right to pass upon the
election, returns, and qualification of the members
of this House belongs to the House itself, as a
high constitutional privilege; and it was a usurp-
ation of authority on the part of the Governor
to go behind the returns and the result, as de-
clared by the canvassers, and to issue a certificate
determinate of a different result. After having
issued his certificate declaratory of the result as
determined by the board of canvassers, his power
was at an end. Upon what pretense can it be
claimod that he had tne right to reconsider the cer-
tificate, to canccl it, and to issue another? It was
a violation of the law of Nebraska, which author-
ized canvassers, three in number, to determine the
result. Not only so, but it was a usurpation of
the constituted prerogative of this House to judge
of the returns, election, and qualification of its
own members. That was the very point made
by gentlemen on the other side of the House in
the case of Butler against Lehman, debated and
decided yesterday. It was insisted in that case
that inasmuch as the returns showed Butler to- be
elected, the Governor was bound to issue his cer-
tificate accordingly, and that it was a usurpation
on his part to go behind the returns and issue a
certificate upon a state of facts not shown by the
returns, although the returns may have been
fraudulent. It was argued that in uoing that he
had trenched upon the privilege of the House,and
hence that the certificate granted to Lehman was
void. I understand that to be the position main-
tained by gentlemen on the other side. If it was
good yesterday, is it not good to-day?
Mr. Speaker, the act of 1854, under which the
Territory of Nebraska was organized, creates the
office of secretary of the Territory, and makes
the secretary the custodian of the seal of the Ter-
ritory; and it further provides that, whenever a
document or record is to be authenticated, the
secretary shall affix the seal thereto. What is the
case here? Why, it has been alleged by my col-
league who preceded me in this debate, that the
seal affixed to Mr. Daily's certificate was not
affixed to it by the secretary, but by the Gov-
ernor; the secretary refusing to do it. It is need-
less to say that the Governor in doing so violated
the fundamental law of the Territory—the very
law under which the Territory was organized.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Speaker, I omitted
to state when I was up, that by the laws of Ne-
braska, the returns are to be made within agiven
time—ten days, I believe—and that then the can-
vassers are to examine the votes; and upon their
examination, the Governor is to issue his certifi-
cate, in issuing which he ceases to have any fur-
ther power in the matter.
Mr. McCLERNAND. In addition to that, a
law of Congress authorizes any pordon claiming
to have been elected as a member or Delegate to
this House to serve upon the adverse party, at
any time within thirty days after the result of the
election has been announced, notice that he will
take evidence to sustain his claim. In pursuance
of that law, Mr. Daily served Mr. Morton with
