THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. BIVES, "WASHINGTON, Dl C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 10, 1861.
New series £<.,
rule ought to be applied to naval officers. There
are lieutenants of the Navy who have for four
years been the inmates of insane asylums, and
who are'regarded as utterly incurable. They
stand in the way of the promotion of junior mer-
itorious officers, and such men ought to be as-
signed to a retired list.
I apprehend sir, that it is quite as desirable that
the Navy should be put upon an efficient footing
at this time as the Army. I apprehend that we
arc to derive more actual benefit from the closing
of the ports—I will not call it a blockade that is
now being carried on under the direction of our
naval officers—than we are from the operations of
our armies; and although they are not to acquire
any great glory by their performances in the Gulf
of Mexico by the closing of the ports there, yet
they are to endure fatigues and hardships that the
officers of the Army will not be subjected to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The motion, I suppose,
is simply to print.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to refer the bill to a
select committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will waive
that for a moment, I should like to make a motion
in regard to the standing committees, and then
business can come properly before the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. Very well.
THE STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I gave notice yesterday,
that to-day, at twelve o'clock, I should move "to
proceed to the appointment of the standing com-
mittees of the Senate by ballot, in themodewhich
is prescribed by the rules. I have here m my hand
a list of committees prepared, which has been sub-
. mittcd to gentlemen on both sides ofthe Chamber,
and I believe is not objected to in any quarter.
Under these circumstances,I move that,byunan-
imous consent, the list which I send to the Chair
be adopted as the list of standing committees for
this session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine submits a list of standing committees of
the Senate, which he asks may be adopted. The
Secretary will read the list.
It was read as follows:
On Foreign Relations—Messrs. Sumner, (chairman,) Uol-
lamer, Doohttlc, Wilmot, Crowning, Polk, and Bictkin-
rid^e.
Finance—Mo°srs. Fe^cnden, (chairman.) Simmons,
Shaman, Howe, Ptarce, Bright, and MePous.ilI.
On Commerce—Messis*. Chandler, (chairman.) King,
Moral!, Wilson, Ten Eyck, Saulsbury, and Johnson of
Tennessee.
Oji Military Jiff airs and the Militia—Mpppis, Wilson,
(chairman,) Knttr, Baiter, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kan-
has, Rico, and La; ham.
On Nand Jljjuifs—Mef-M'-j. Hale, (chairman,) Grimes,
Foot, isheiman. Thomson, Kennedy, and MeI)ou« ill.
0?i Judicialy—Tunnbuli, (chairman,) Foster,
Ten Eyek, Cowan, Hani.-, Bayard, and Powell.
O/i the Post Office and Post Roads—Mc^&r*. Collamer,
(ehaiiman,) Dixon, Wade, Trumbull, Rice, Blight, and
Latham.
On Public Lands—Messrs. Ila'.lan, (chahman,) Bing-
ham, Clark, Pomeroy, Johnson of Tennessee, Uice, and
Nevinith.
On Private Land Claims—Messrs. Harris, (chairman,)
Foster, Sumner, Polk, and Bayard.
On Indian djjlahs—Messrs. Doolittle, (chairman,) Wil-
kinson, Cowan, Foot, Lane ot Kansas, Hailan, and Nes-
mitii.
On Pensions—Me-=sis. Foster, (chairman,) Bingham,
Lane of Indiana, Howe, Wilmot, Pomeioy, and Sauls-
fouiy.
On Revolutionary Claims—Me^r?. King, (chairman,)
Chandler, Wilkinson. Hale, and Nesnnrh.
On Claims—Messrs.Ciatk, (chairman,) Simmons, Ilowe,
Wilmot, Pomeroy, Polk, and Thomson.
On the District of Columbia— Mesir?. Grimes, (chair-
man.) Dixon, Morrill, Wade, Anthony, Kennedy, and
Powell.
On Patents and the Patent Oj/ice-^Messre. Simmons,
(chairman.) Sumner, Cowan, Tlmmsmi, and SauUbury.
On Puhlu Buildings and Grounds—Me^rs. Foot, (chair-
man,) Anthony, Chandler, Blight, and Kennedy.
On Tei nloria—Messrs. Wade, (chairman.) Baker, Wil-
kinson, ILUe, Bi owning, Johnson ot Tennessee, and Breeic-
imidge.
To Jiudit and Contiol the Contingent Expenses ofthe
Senate—Me<si-J. Dixon, (channian,) Clark, and Johnson
of Tennessee.
On Pi intins—Messrs. Anthony, (chairman.) Ilarlan, and
Powell.
On Enp-ossed Bills—Messrs. Lane of Indiana, (chair-
man,) Morrill, and Latham.
On Enrolled Bills—Messrs. Bingham, (chairman,) Baker,
and Sauhbury.
On the Library—Messrs. Pearce, (chairman,) Collamer,
and Fessenden.
The motion of Mr, Fessenden was agreed to;
and the list was adopted as submitted
RETIRED LIST.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Iowa, to refer
to a special coraftiittee of nine members the bill
(S. No. 4) introduced by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. /
Mr. GRIMES. Permit me to say—what I
ought to have said and intended to say when I
was 06. the floor before—that, should the propo-
sition which I have submitted, to refer this bill
to a select committee, be adopted, I hope the
Chair will not regard any precedent, or anything
of that sort, in the way of appointing the com-
mittee; but that the Senatorfrom Massachusetts,
who is the chairman of the Military Committee,
and the Senator from New Hampshire, who is
the chairman of the Naval Committee, will be
placed upon the special committee, as I do not
desire to serve upon it. I only wish that eacii
of those committees shall be represented upon
this select committee, so that each branch of the
service may stand upon an equality.
Mr. WILSON. I shall not oppose the motion
made by the Senator from Iowa, to refer this bill
to a special committee. The Senator says that
such a bill is needed for the Navy, as well as for
the Army. I am very sure that it is needed for
the Army, and as soon as it can be passed. The
Senator from Iowa has, doubtless, examined the
subject 111 connection with the Navy, and i accept
his opinions. I am willing, therefore, that this
bill, instead of going to the Military Committee,
shall go to a special committee. I hope, how-
ever, that no action will be had which will inter-
pose any obstacle to the passage of the bill at this
session. 1 am willing that the Senator's motion
shall be adopted, and then 1 desire that the other
bills, after being ordered to be printed, shall be
referred to the Committee on Military Aftairs.
Mr. HALE. I want to say a single word in
relation to this subject. It is not new to me. I
have not seen the bill, and I do not know what it
is; but I have heard the remarks made by the Sen-
ator from Iowa. My ideas on this subject I have
had occasion to express heretofore; but probably
nobody has taken pains to remember them, lam
opposed on principle to the whole organization of
our Army and Navy in this respect: to paying
salaries where there is no capability of rendering
service. I do not know any reason why the Gov-
ernment should do it; but they do it. It is one of
the things that have come down to us from our
English anccstry. We have got a great many
good things from our English anccstry, and some
very bad ones; and among the very bad ones is
the idea of keeping in office Army and Navy offi-
cers years and years after they are utterly inca-
pable of rendering any service. It is an anomaly
in this Government. I am opposed to it. I do
not expect to remedy it very soon; but I hope
that, in the progress of time, we shall remedyit.
I think that the idea of paying salaries year after
year—ten, twenty, or thirty years—to men that
cannot render any service at all, is inconsistent
with what ought to be the practice of a republican
Government—a Government of law. I am so ut-
terly disgusted with the proceedings of the late
retiring board of the Navy—I have such an utter
disgust of the selfishness which, in my humble
judgment, governed that board, and of the principle
upon which it was organized, of trying men for
moral offenses behind their hacks, and condemn-
ing them to a life of infamy, so far as they could
do it, that I am sick ofthe very name of retiring
board.
I have no objection to the bill being passed; but
I hope, for mercy's sake, that I shall not be put
on any committee called upon to sanction anything
of the sort. If you have got any men in office
who cannot render service, dismiss them; but do
not have a retiring board. I would not have in-
dulged in even this short talk if I thought I
taking up time that could b6 more profitably eni-..
ployed. I have no objection to a hberal pension
bill^ prospective in its operation, that shall
a man who has rendered service foragiven time*
and who is unable to. render more,,and put him,,
on a pension list; but I am utterly opposed to this
idea of keeping men in office who are incapably
of rendering service. I venture to say that there
arc men in office to-day in the United Spates who
have not for the last twenty-five years devoted *
minute's service to the Government,and who have
been receiving salaries of two, three, or four thou-
sand dollars a year. 1 am opposed to the whole
thing from beginning to end, root and branch. I
am for applying the same rule in the naval and
military service that we apply in the civil service;
and that is, to pay a man as long as he performs
duty; and when he cannot perform it, let him g[0.
Why, sir, I have in my eye now a most dis-
tinguished statesman from my own section of the
country who was actually shocked because I pro-
posed to pay the late Sergeant-at-Arms his salary
for six months after he went out of office! He
came to me as if I had introduced a proposition
that was going to upset the whole theory of Gov-
ernment; and yet, sir, you are paying men sala-
ries, year after year—not for six months, but for
six years and sixty years—who do not render a
month's service, and who cannot. Theyarepaid
long after they are unfit for service; but Senators
are filled with holy horror the moment the idea iff
suggested of paying a man here for six months
after he has ceased to render service.
I hope that some day or other—I do not know-
when—this thing will be abolished. I do not
think we shall come to it very soon, however.
The war fever is up now,and lam glad of it,and
it is difficult to say anything against any proposi-
tion to give liberal salaries to every one that be-
longs to the Army, or ever did belong to it. I do
not think that the present is exactly the time to
attempt to reform it; but I desire now and for-
ever, here and everywhere, to utter my protest
against the whole principle. I have always been
opposed to it. From the time I was first honored
by my constituents with a seat on the floor of the
House of Representatives to this day, I have been
opposed to it, and I hope I ever shall be; and I
hope and trust in God that I shall Jive to see the
day when this whole idea will be discarded. It is
an aristocratic notion. It is paying the public
money to men who have no earthly right to it,
making them beneficiaries; whereas the theory of
the Government is to pay for services rendered.
If this system is carried on it will not be long, aud
it ought not to be long, before the same thing
will be extended to the civil list, and we shall
have a bill to pay retired Senators—men who have
served their country long and faithfully in this
body.
I simply throw out these suggestions, not ex-
pecting to effect anything by them, but to enter
my protest here and now against the whole sys-
tem.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion ofthe Senator from Iowa, to refer the
bill to a select committee to consist of nine mem-
bers.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the
Senator from Iowa does not indicate the method
by which the committee shall be appointed.
Mr. GRIMES. By the Chair, of course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If not objected to,
the committee will he designated in that manner.
The Chair hears no objection.
Messrs. Wilson, Hale, Latham, Sherman,
Powell, CowanT Kino, Kennedy, and Howe,
were appointed the committee.
REFERENCE OP BILLS.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the other bills and
the joint resolution which I have presented this
morning be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Aftairs and Militia,
The motion was agreed to.
