18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
s RETIRING SERGEANT-AT-ARMS.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. The folio wing res-
olution, submitted by the Senator from New-
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] yesterday, is now be-
fore tneSenate:
•Mesohed, That the Secretary ot' the Senate pay, out of
the contingent fund of the Senate, to D. R. McK-iir, late
9ergea"nt-at-A'rms, an amount equal to the salary ot Ser-
geant-at-Arms from the 5th of July instant until the first
Monday of December next.
" This-resolution having already been read a first
time, by the rules of the Senate it will be read a
second time, and referred to the Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate.
The* resolution was read the second time, and
referred to the Committee to Audit and Control
the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. POLK presented the credentials of Hon.
Waldo Porter Johnson, elected a Senator by
the Legislature of the State of Missouri, for the
term of six years, commencing on the 4th day of
March, 1861; which were read, and the oath pre-
scribed by law having been administered to Mr.
Johnson, he took his seat in the Senate.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States, by Mr. J. G.
Nicoiay, his Secretary.
-The VICE PRESIDENT. These messages
are of an executive character.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some tirpe
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened.
DEATH OF MR. SCRANTON.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing the death of the
Hon. George W. Scranton, a member elect
from the State of Pennsylvania, and communi-
cating the proceedings of the House thereon.
The resolutions adopted by the House of Rep-
resentatives were road.
Mr. WILMOT. Mr. President, the duty de-
volves upon me of making to the Senate the form-
al announcement of the death of Hon. George
W. Scranton, a member elect to this Congress
from the State of Pennsylvania. I can scarcely
claim to have enjoyed the pleasure of his personal
acquaintance, having met him for the first time in
the city of Washington but a few weeks previous
tohisdeath. Still,sir,IknewMr. Scranton. En-
viable fame had sfioken of him. Indeed, there is
scarcely any man familiar with the development of
the mineral resources of Pennsylvania, but has
heard much of Hon. George W. Scranton. He
was a man of action—a man of wonderful energy.
He impressed upon liis adopted State deeply his
enterprise. He was intimately connected with—
I might almost say mainly instrumental in push-
ing forward to completion—one of the most stu-
pendous enterprises of this remarkable age. The
theater of his energy and his enterprise was in
the coal fields of northern Pennsylvania, and
under his direction and guidance there was an
expenditure of ten or fifteen million dollars in con-
necting that region with the city of New York.
He was a native of the State of Connecticut;
removed from there to Warren county, New Jer-
sey, where he engaged in the manufacture of iron.
From Warren, New Jersey, he came to the Statu
of Pennsylvania. He enjoyed in an eminent de-
gree the confidence of the community in which
ho resided; perhaps I may say truthfully that no
man enjoyed in a higher degree the confidence
and respect of those who were acquainted with
him. Of irreproachable life, of unsullied integ-
rity, he brought to every enterprise m which he
engaged a character and energy which insured
success.
He was first elected to Congtess in 1858, with
great unanimity, and from a district of country
differing from him in political opinion, lie was
reelected to the present Congress. He did not
figure so prominently on the boisterous surface of
affairs; but he was a man of labor, a man who
brought to the task of legislation, and to the dis-
charge of his duties as a member of Congress, the
same energy, the same perseverance, the same
industry, which had made him eminent in other
-walks of life.
Mr. President, I am hardly competent to speak
in terms of truthful eulogy of his character and
virtues. His loss will be deeply felt and deplored
in that section of country to which he belonged.
He was a Christian man, sir, in the true sense of
that term. A genuine unostentatious piety char-
acterized his life; and if there was any one feature
more than another that marked the ceremony of
his burial, it was the numerous concourse of
women and children "who attended it, whom he
had benefited—nay, I may say almost supported
—for years. He was a man of unostentatious,
but of most liberal charity.
I move, Mr. President, the following resolu-
tions:
Resolved, That the Senate receives with sincere regret
the announcement of the death of Hon. GeoroeW. Sckan-
tos, late a member elect of the House of Representatives
from the State of Pennsylvania, and tenders to the relatives
of the deceased tlie assurance of its sympathy with tliem
under the bereavement they have been called upon to sus-
tain.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed
to transmit to the family of the deceased a certified copy
of the foregoing lesoiution.
Raoived, That in token of respect forthe memory of the
deceased, the Senate do now adjourn.
The resolutions were agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July G, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. ThomasH. Stocktqjj.
The Journal of yesterday was lead and approved.
DEATH OP HON. GEORGE W. SCRANTON.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, it is a some-
what remarkable incident in the history of the
mortality of this House, for the successor of a
deceased member to move the ordinary resolu-
tions of condolence and speak Ins eulogy.
It is painful at all times to speak of the dead,
and particulaiiy so in the present case, when an-
nouncing the dualh of George W. Scranton,
with whom J had lived on terms of the closest in-
timacy for almost a quarter of a century. Those
gentlemen who met him in and about these Halls,
in the acquaintance formed during the Thirty-
Sixth Congress, and saw his bland, affable, and
agreeable manners, knew but little of his real
worth, and the exalted character of the man. It
was rather in the walks of private life, and in the
pursuit of oidiiiary business avocations, that he
was Ix wt known.
He died, sir, on the 24th of March last, at his
homo in the State of Pennsylvania, in the midst
of his family and his friends. The duties thathe
performed in the Thirty-Sixth Congress, severe
as they weie, madestronginroadsupon his health,
lie went from this House and from his labors an
invalid. He went directly to his home, which
he never left until he was carried to his sepul-
eher. I have no doubt that his labors in regard to
the revenue measures of the country, in which he
alwaysmanifested so mat ked an interest, hastened
his decease. He might have been living to-day,
had it not been for tiie discharge of his onerous
official duties here. But he has gone. The day That
George W. Scranton died, a great man fell in
Pennsylvania.
With your permission, I will tell you how he
was a great man. He started in early life friend-
less and alone, unaided by the fortuitous circum-
stance of a position. Ho was the architect of
his own fortune. Twenty years ago I met him
in the district I have now the honor to represent,
not an ambitious, aspiring man, but a modest,
energetic, business man, with the flash of youth
and the buoyancy of hope, who had commenced
life, perhaps, with the intention of making his
mark upon the theater which lie had chosen for
himself. He established himself in the northern
part of Pennsylvania, at a point which was then
a comparative wilderness, where stands to-day the
city bearing his name, and which grew tip under
his own influences, and which, together with the
great railroad which he projected and lived to see
completed, he leaves behind him as majesticmon-
uments to commemorate his name in all time to
come,
A few years after his settlement at that point,
now called Scranton, the commerce, the money,
and the power of the city of New York were about
being directed to the accomplishment of a great
object; and that great object was the connection
of the city of Now York by railroad with the
northern lakes. George W. Scranton, then
engaged as an iron manufacturer, a private gen-
tleman, and with very limited means, was at the
same time contemplating the noble idea of con-
necting the Lackawanna coal valley,in the center
of which he lived, with that railroad. He also
entertained and carried into operation the project
of connecting his own town by railroad with the
great city of New York. In other words, this
young, unassuming, but strictly business man,
revolving in his own mind the accomplishment of
measures almost a great as those which engaged
the attention of half the moneyod men of New
York,in his individual effort in the connection of
the Lackawanna coal valley with the New York
and Erie railroad, which opened a communication
to market for the anthracite coal with the lakes.
He carried it out. But he did not relax at this
point. He marched steadily on with the project
of connecting by railroad the greatest anthracite
coal field in the world with the greatest commer-
cial city on the continent.
But grgantic as was this undertaking, as im-
mense as was the amount of money necessary to
be expended, the energy and the perseverance of
this man moved steadily on, until he accom-
plished the great purpose ho had in view. And
almost at the same point of time that the city of
New York and Lake Eric were united, the great
coal fields of Pennsylvania were united with New
York bay; and that, I undertake to say to-day,
was the result of the energy and perseverance of
a solitary man. Therefore, I say, when George
W. Scranton died, a great man fell. There was
no natural valley leading from the Lackawanna
coal fields to New York. There were mountains
to be ascended which an ordinary man would
have regarded as an impassable barrier. Unaided
and alone, he sent forward his engineers for the
purpose of exploring the route; and after ascend- .
ing the summit, regarded before that time as im-
passable, the engineers returned and communica-
ted to Mr. Scranton the fact, that it was barely
possible to ascend the lofty summit by rail. Be-
fore that time it had been regarded as impracti-
cable to ascend a grade with loaded trains beyond
sixty feet to the mile. In this case the grade was
in some places nearly a hundred feet to the mile;
but nevertheless he ordered the road to be located,
and put the work under contract, and at the expi-
ration of some five years, and after an expendi-
ture of some ten million dollars, he had accom-
plished the great work.
When any one individual, unaided, accom-
plishes a task like this, it furnishes the evidence
to the world thathe possesses more than ordinary
intellect and energy. George W. Scranton
was a modest and unambitious man. Mingling
with the thronging multitudes which swarm
around the capital of the nation, it would never
have Occurred to any one, either from his manner
or conversation, that he possessed the mind capa-
ble of moving millions of dollars, and of project-
ing and accomplishing a work of internal improve-'
mcnt' which, in other instances, required the
combined influence of a whole Commonwealth to
effect. And yet that was the kind of a man whose
eulogy I pronounce to-day. Always moved by
a gentle and mild spirit, yet that man could sit
down, and, with the simplicity of a child, argue
the great questions of revenue and internal im-
provement with a purpose and effect absolutely
astonishing. You, who were members of the last
Congress, witnessed the active part he took in re-
gard to those revenue measures which had been
the theme of his thoughts and consideration for
the last twenty years; and how effectually he did
it, your legislation shows. He came to Congress
not as a party man, and perhaps ho never could
have been returiied as such from that district. He
came here having the confidence of that commu-
nity as a patriotic, Union-loving man, as he was.
During the Thirty-Sixth Congress, he devoted his
greatenergiesand clear judgment to theenactment
of those questions of revenue in which he felt so
great an interest.
He was one of those men, too, who, during the
commencement of these troublesome times which
had their origin during the last Congress, retired
to his closet and fervently prayed for the welfare
