THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
only voted for, bat labored earnestly to procure,
the passage of the propositions introduced by
Mr. Adams. His congressional career was a
decided success. Those of us who were upon
terms of intimacy with him, feel that we have
been deprived of a counselor upon whose wisdom
we could rely, a friend in whose fidelity we could
trust.
Although stricken down by disease in the city
QfWashington,he wasenabled to reach his home;
and there, m the midst of his afflicted family, and
surrounded by thousands of loving and mourn-
ing friends, he died, as he had lived, a Christian
gentleman. Having Ailed his mission on earth
honorably to himself, and usefully to society, his
bereaved friends are happy in the belief that he
rests with the " spirits of just men made perfect."
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay
a brief tribute to the memory of a lamented friend
and colleague. All who had the good fortune to
possess the regard ofGEORGK W. Scranton were
justly proud of his friendship. A truer friend
never lived.. No opportunity was ever lost by
him to serve those who enjoyed his regard, and
with such total self-abnegation that the individual
was always lost sight of in tho disinterested act.
He enjoyed a wide circle of friends. Hisgeir
tleness, benevolence, and universal kindness, ra
dialed with animating warmth; and all who came
within the circle were touched with a correspond-
ing influence. His was a gentle nature. No man
ever dispensed more " charity to all men," said
more kind words, did more good deeds, or was
more charitable, affable, or less harsh, than
GiiOKGE W. ScKANTON.
The poor loved him, for he was always their
friend; the influential and cultivated admired him,
for he was peer to them; the public respected
him, for he was always faithful and true. Mean-
ness, craft,deceit,andilvarico iled at hisapproach
or died in his presence, for he was ever and con-
stitutionally their foe. If he was the welcome
guest of the fortunate of earth, he was the bu
loved friend in the abodes of the lowly.
Within his family circle he was loved with a
love that was natural to the center of his affec-
tions and the abode of his manly nature. Ilis
loss none can there restore. His great heart and
genial presence have passed away. If silence
and memory alone dwell there, still the blessed
hope of immortality remains—
" For tho soul's energy,
The vital
Mouthed m his. nostills by the living God,
Can never die"—
and those who mourn his loss now, may rejoice
in his presence, hereafter.
As a member of this 1 louse, he was a universal
favorite. Beloved by his colleagues, he was re-
spected and admired by all. Men of all parties
confided in him,and praised his frankness,liber-
ality, and disinterested nature. True to the inter-
ests of his constituents, he labored continually to
promote their welfare. Regarding the just pro-
tection of the industrial interests of his own State
as of primary importance, he was untiring in his
efforts to secure wise legislation on the subject.
His practical information and breadth of view
were of the greatest assistance to those who had
those interests more directly in charge; while his
laborious energy made both hearers and converts.
He died at a time when wicked and rebellious
men had raised their hands to destroy the best
Government on the face of the earth. It is but
just to his memory to say that, had he lived, all
that he was, or hoped to be, all that he had would
have been given to the sacred cause of the Union
and liberty.
In all the departments of life he was a useful
man. Ho lit up the forest with the fires of his
forges and furnaces; made the wilderness theabode
of civilized man; founded and erected a city in the
solitude of the lulls; poured unlimited mineral
supplies into the depots of New York; extended
vast improvements beneath the waters of the Lack-
awanna, and threw the iron bands of commerce
and of enterprise across the lofty summit of the
Pocono!!
He was revered as a father, beloved as a hus-
band, respected as a citizen, and regretted as a
faithful public servant.
Humanity has lost a friend; society an orna-
ment; the State a valuable citizen. Peace to his
ashes. The sods of the valley cover no more noble
heart; the realms of the blest contain no purer
spirit.
Mr. McPHERSON. Mr. Speaker, I knew
Colonel Scranton well, valued him as a friend,
admired him as a man, honored him as a legisla-
tor; and itis but justice to his memory that I should
consent uppn this occasion to express the feelings
of my heart. My acquaintance with him ante-
dates, by a few months, the assembling of the
Thirty-Sixth Congress, during the two sessions
of which we were m daily association. With
many points of mutual interest and sympathy, it
is not singular that a friendship auspiciously begun
ripened into intimacy, nor that 1 should feel his
death as a personal loss, all the more severe be-
cause suddenly occurring within a few weeks after
our late parting in this city.
I first met him while journeying over my native
State, and exploring that part of it known as the
mineral region, whose extraordinary growth has,
within the last decade, added thousands to our
population and millions to our wealth, and whose
vastcapacitiesmustbe well studied and thoroughly
understood as essential to forming a correct esti-
mate of the future of promise and power which
lies before her. Then it was I visited the valley
of the Lackawanna, twenty years before a rugged,
sterile, sparsely-settled, inaccessible wilderness;
now a cultivated, smiling, populous,and produc-
tive region, teeming with activity, penetrated with
railroads, and, under the witchery of intelligent
industry, the homes of thirty thousand persons
enjoying the comforts and blessings of Christian
civilization. Centrally located within this valley
ia one of tho handsomest of our inland towns—
Scranton, justly named for its founder, whose
sagacity chose the site, and laid the plan; whose
tenacity of purpose and unwearying perseverance
developed the resources which gave it growth;
and whose liberal, enlightened, and expanded
views were impressed upon its public and private
institutions. It is an elegant memorial of him—
more brilliant than marble shaft; more enduiing
than bionze; and more eloquently and truthfully
expressive of his merits than any inscriptive
words. Itis itself hia eulogy, his monument, and
his grave. Ho had a pride in it, both honorable
and pardonable. As, after its days of darkness
had passed, and the sunlight of assured progress
had been reached, he d rove us through its spacious,
shaded streets, and mapped out its present limits
and its prospective growth; or turning to the source
and sustenance of all thiselegance, lie pointed out
the furnaces and mills and shafts; the huge engine,
as, with sublime monotony, it performed the la-
bor of a thousand hands; the massive machinery,
as, with conscious power and almostglad alacrity,
it relieved and elevated labor; and the ingenious
mechanism, as, with least expenditure or effort, it
obtained the widest range of results; all felt that
he, through whosegenius,mainly,this wilderness
had thus been converted into the happy home of
many thousands, ought to be, was fairly entitled
to be, proud of the achievement. By iiis many
tedious days of expectancy, his moments of en-
joyment were fully earned. The work—great and
marvelously complete—was done and remains;
but. who that appreciates the tediousness of such a
realization can ever forget or ignore his patient toil;
his weary and sore discouragements; his ever-
rising, ever-needed energy of mind and body, and
his steady, unquailing, self-sustaining faith—such
as animates and marks heroes, drives the world
onward, and distinguishes the master spirits of
mankind?
A striking feature of Colonel Scranton's char-
acter was that faith, which, called by whatever
name, is tho basis of all personal, social, and po-
litical progress. Based upon ascertained facts,
created by broad and comprehensive views of
them, and stimulated by the enthusiasm belong-
ing to creative natures, it overcomes mountains,
snatches victory from the jaws of defeat, diffuses
itself through and melts into harmony with itself
all it touches, and finally rests, not until its self-
appointed mission is fully accomplished. His life
proves this power to have been his. No one can
travel through that country, compare its present
and past condition, realize the difficulties which
have been surmounted,and understand the agency
which he alone had in their removal, without feel-
ing that George W. Scranton was possessed of
qualities truly great, that he used them to the ben-
efit of his fellows, and that he was not less re-
markable for his high practical genius than for the
modest unobtrusiveness of his nature. He was
a man of singularly apt executive ability, uniting
highest efficiency with calm and quiet action. He
was clear in perception, sound in judgment, and
prompt in execution. By strangers he was not
fully appreciated. More intimate acquaintance
revealed the admirable powers and symmetry of
his character. As a gentleman he was not only
unimpeachable, but of highest tone; and he has
gone to his grave without a stain upon his mem-
ory. His warmest friends were his daily inti- „
mates. The people of Luzerne regarded him with
a feeling of affection of triple origin—admiration
of his frank and generous nature, of his great
financial and executive ability, and gratitude to-
wards him as a benefactor. When reluctantly
made a candidate for Congress, in 1858, he received
a most flattering vote in which party lines were
wholly broken; and in 1860, when national issues
arrayed parties more rigidly, his reelection by a
decided majority was the tribute of the people to
his superior and uncontested merits. No one ever
more honorably won entrance into the ranks of ■
the legislators of the Republic.
In this Hall he discharged his duties with intel-
ligenceand conscientiousness, conciliating respect
from those who differed in opinion and action,
and confidence from all. He impressed his asso-
ciates with a conviction of his purity, integrity,
and single-mindedness. He represented his con-
stituents with fidelity, sacrificing personal ease
and comfort, and imperiling health in their ser-
vice; yet he bounded his views of duty by no
lower or meaner line than the good of the whole
country. While representing peculiar interests,
vital to the nation, and demanding for them the
recognition and protection their importance justi-
fied, he was far more an American than a Penn-
sylvanian, seeking the good and promoting the
prosperity of every part of the nation. That nar-
row, belittling, and corroding sentiment which
binds men to States as against the country, to
communities as against the Union; that ancient,
antiquated,provincial, and petty sentiment,which
has been the bane of our politics, diseasing so
many strong heads and corrupting so many stout
hearts; that bitter root from which have sprung,
in accursed abundance, numerous and fearful
plagues; a sentiment politically deforming, mor-
ally perverting, and intellectually degrading, and
with expressive contemptuousness characterized
by the greatest living lawyer of America as a
miserable State-ishness, from which all should pray
to be delivered—this insinuating dogma met not
the approval of his clear judgment, and had not
lodgment in his large heart. His public course
was governed by permanent and sound princi-
ples, and will bear the severe scrutiny of experi-
ence, the trying test of time.
His health, not recently firm, and doubtless
impaired by too constant demand upon his life
energies, began to fail soon after his arrival in
this city, lie never fully rallied. When we
parted in March, we hoped he would be with us
in December. In a few short weeks he was no
more. As the clouds were thickening around us
late in March, he was called away, and this addi-
tional gloom overcast our spirits. Beloved by his
neighbors who trusted him, mourned by his
county which honored him, lamented by his State
which cherished him as among her worthiest cit-
izens, he closed, in his own home, at the early
age of fifty, a life of great usefulness and promise,
over all whose events was cast the effulgence of
thut religion whose truths had early entered his
soul, whose maxims controlled his life, whose
consolations supported him triumphantly in death,
and whose promises authorize us to believe-that 4
hif is this day enjoying that peace which passeth
all understanding.
As usefully and virtuously he lived, may we
live ! As peacefully and hopefully he died, may
we die!
Mr. McKNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I cannot
refrain fiom dropping a tear and adding a word
of tribute to the memory of my late-colleague and
friend. Coming to the last Congress, without any
previous acquaintance with Col. Scranton, I
soon learned to respect, to honor, and to love him.
He was one, acquaintance with whom at once
