1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ripened into friendship. He was honest, kind-
hearted, genial, and true—
" Natuie's own nobleman, friendly find frank,
A man with his heart in his hand."
Although suffering much from bodily ailments,
he ever had a kindly greeting for all. When I
shooli, his hand at parting last March, agreeing to
execute a friendly commission for him, I little
thought the first tidings which should reach me
on my return home would announ.ee his death;
I say not untimely death, for " not a sparrowfa.ll-
eth to the ground withoutourHeavcnly Father."
But, sir, amid the sadness and grief which afflict
his friends, they have the consolation of knowing
that he died a Christian, and that "our loss has
been his gain;" for amidst all the occupations of
his busy life, in acquiring wealth and honors, he
did not neglect to lay up treasure above.
For him, therefore, we should cease to mourn;
resting on the faith that on the morn of the res-
urrection, when the archangel \s trump shall sound,
" He will bur&t his chains, in sweet surprise,
And in his Makei's image rise."
Mr. MOORHEAD. Mr. Speaker, although I
had no notice that these resolutions would be
offered to-day, yet I cannot permit this occasion
to pass without paying a feeble tribute to the
memory of George W. Scrantox. As my col-
league [Mr. Wright] has said, the day that
George W. Scranton died, a great man fell in
Pennsylvania. His loss will be mourned by the
statesman, by the financier, by the politician, by
the manufacturer, by the mechanic, but more
than all by the poor and destitute of the commu-
nity in which he lived, and whose true friend lie
was. George W. Scrakton was a man that
we may well mourn. His active efforts have
been so fully set forth here to-day that 1 should
deem it now entirely oQt of place to rehearse
them. I did not know linn personally until the
summer of 1859. Living in a portion of the State
of Pennsylvania remote from the scene of his
gigantic operations, and having but little inter-
course with his neighborhood, I had not the
pleasure of an acquaintance with him until we
were both elected members of the Thirty-Sixth
Congress. During the fall of 1859, in company
with" the present Secretary of War and some
other friends, I paid a visit to the mountain re-
gion, the great coal field of Pennsylvania, and to
my astonishment, when I reached the town that
bears his name, I was met by him and other gen-
tlemen, and conducted to a hotel in magnificence
equal to the Astor House, the St. Nicholas, or
Willard's Flotrl, right in the mountains, and with
the stumps of trees standing in front of it, where
but a few years before the forest had been cut
down. A city of ten thousand people had arisen
there by the touch of magic, and that touch was
from the hand of George W. Scranton.
Before him the partisan and the mere politician
wilted. Look at the result when he was a can-
didate for Congress in his district, which was
strongly Democratic. He was returned to this
House by a majority of more than three thousand.
That fact speaks lus eulogy. But let me say, to
the honor of his district, that while they mourn
the loss of the man, for whom they had voted
without regard to political considerations, they
have pursued the same policy in the selection of
his successor; and to-day the eulogy of my friend,
[Mr. Wright,] with whom I have acted for years
in times past, whilst it has done honor to the
memory of the dead, has done more honor to the
eloquent living.
He was not a selfish man in any sense of the
term. His greatest exertions were used, and his
greatestachievemcntsaccomplished,for the public
good.' He built furnaces and rolling mills, rail-
roads, cities, and towns, and developed the greatest
coal field in the world—not that he might become
a millionaire, but that " the wilderness might
blossom as the rose;" that labor might find em-
ployment, and that the section of country in which
he resided might become prosperous and happy.
His benevolent heart expanded his ideas; ana to
the sacrifice of his own private interests he ac-
cepted a seat in Congress, that he might aid in
protecting the interests of his adopted State. No
man worked more faithfully and efficiently to see
those interests protected, m the formation and
adoption of our present revenue bill, than he did.
He was the true friend of the American system.
Rut I will add no more, sir. I am happy in the
belief, with my friend, that although George W.
Scranton has been taken from us, he has been
transplanted into regions of eternal joy.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted ;and
thereupon (at ten minutes past one o'clock, p.
m.,) the House adjourned until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 8, 1861.
Prayer by Rev. Byron Sunderland, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
Hon. Edward D. Baker, of Oregon, appeared
in his seat to-day.
DUTTES ON ARMS.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 2) to remit the duties upo.n certain arms im-
ported into the United States; which was read
twice. It is as follows:
Be it resolved, tfc., That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, directed to remit the duties and im-
posts chargeable under any law of the United States on
ail arms imported since the 1st day of May last, where the
duties have not been actually paid thereon, oi that may be
impoited prior to the 1st day of January next, by or for the
account and use of any State which is in pood faith aiding
to suppress the rebellion now waged against the Govern-
ment of the United States.
Mr. WADE. Before the joint resolution is
referred, I barely wish to say that there is a great
necessity for prompt action on the subject. 'Sev-
eral of the States have ordered ai ms from abroad,
and they are now arriving in the eastern cities.
They arc wanted immediately for use, but they
cannot be got now without payment of the duties.
I believe everybody here agrees, so far as I have
consulted with members, that it is highly proper
these duties should be remitted, and that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury should have power to remit
them in cases of the kind, and in fact that he
should be directed to do so. I move that the res-
olution be referred to the Committee on Finance;
and I hope they will take it up and act speedily
on the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
THE SENATE CHAMBER.
Mr. HALE. I laid upon the table, on Satur-
day, a resolution foracommittee to do something
about this Chamber. It costs us I do not know
how many thousands of dollars a week to ventilate
this Chamber. The thermometer is now between
80° and 90° inside—a good deal warmer than it
is outside. I hope that resolution will be taken
up.
The motion to take up the resolution was agreed
to; and the Senate proceeded to consider it. It is
as follows:
Resolved, That a committee of three be appointfd by the
Chair, to consider the expediency and practicability of so
altering and changing the consti action ot the present Cham-
ber foi the use of the Senate that it may be made a com-
fortable and convenient place for the meeting of the Sen-
ate.
The resolution was adopted; and Mr. Hale,
Mr. Harris, and Mr. Bright, were appointed
the committee.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HALE. I hold in my hand the petition
of Captain Roger Jones, of the United States
Army, representing that on the 18th of April last
he was in command of the armory at Harper's
Ferry, Virginia, with a small force of forty-nine
men, besieged by some twenty-five hundred or-
three thousand; and that, to prevent the arms
and property of the Government from falling into
the hands of the enemy, he destroyed them; that
in so doing he destroyed private property of his
own, and vouchers. This is a petition for relief,
which I move to refer to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the secretary of State of Kansas,
communicating an act of the Legislature of that
State, providing for the taxation of the Wyan-
dotte Indian lands, for the ratification of Con-
gress; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a memorial of
the Chamber of Commerce of the city of
York, praying for an early and liberal appropri-
ation for the harbor defenses of that city; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and Militia.
REPORTS OE1 COMMITTEES. ; ' ;
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1) to authorize the employment of
volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and pro-
tecting public property, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (S. No. 1) to approve and confirm
certain acts of the President of the United Stales
for suppressing insurrection and rebellion, havp
directed me to report back the resolution without'
amendment, and to recommend its passage, t
wish to say that the action of the President in
increasing the Army, and calling out the volun-
teer force, will be regulated by other bills, to be
brought in hereafter, with regard to the term of
service, and in other respects. I ask for the pres-
ent consideration of the joint resolution, if there
be no objection. If there is objection, of course
it must pass over until to-morrow.
Mr. POLK. Let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie oyer.
Mr. FOOT, (after a pause.) Mr. President,
there appears to be no legislative business for the
consideration of the Senate at the present time,
and as there is a large number of nominations to
be considered by several committees, I move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Tho motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 8, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
MEMBERS SWORN IN.
The following members appeared and took the
usual' oath to support the Constitution of the
United States:
Hon. Robert H. No gen of Ohio, Hon. Isaac
C. Delaplaine of New York, Hon. James E.
Kerrigan of New York, Hon. William H.
Wadsworth of Kentucky, Hon. William Mc-
Kee Dunn of Indiana.
ARSENAL AT ROCK ISLAND.
Mr. VANDEVER, by unanimous consent,
submitted joint resolutions of the Legislature of
Iowa, instructing the Senators and requesting
the Representatives of that State to procure the
establishment of an arsenal and armory at Rock
Island; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER announced the following as
the standing committees:
Committee of Elections—Henry L. Dawes of
Massachusetts, James H. Campbell of Pennsyl-
vania, Daniel W. Voorhees of Indiana, James B.
McKean of New York, Dwight Loomis of Con-
necticut, Portus Baxter of Vermont, William D.
Kelley of Pennsylvania, George H. Browne of
Rhode Island, and John W. Menzies of Ken-
tucky.
Of IVays and Means—Thaddcus Stevens of
Pennsylvania, Justin S. Morrill of Vermont,
John S. Phelps of Missouri, Elbridge Gr. Spauld-
mg of New York, William Appleton of Massa-
chusetts, Erastus Corning of New York, Valen-
tine B. Horton of Ohio, John A. McClernand of
Illinois, and John L. N.Stratton of New Jersey.
Of Claims—Reuben E. Fenton of New York,
E. P. Walton of Vermont, William S. Holman
of Indiana, John Hutchins of Ohio, James T.
Hale of Pennsylvania, John W. Noell of Mis-
souri, R. Holland Duell of New York, Edwin
H. Webster of Maryland, and John W. Wallace
of Pennsylvania.
On Commerce—Ellihu B.Washhurne of Illi-
nois, Thomas D. Eliot of Massachusetts, Elijah
Ward of New York, John T. Nixon of New
Jersey, Elijah Babbitt of Pennsylvania, John A.
Gurley of Ohio, James S. Rollins of Missouri,
