1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
resolution by adding to it the following words:
" And the general questions of a judicial charac-
ter;" so that it will read:
Resolved, That the House, during the present extraordi-
nary session, will only consider bills and resolutions con-
cerning the military and naval operations of the Govern-
ment, and the financial affairs theiewith connected, and
the general questions of a judicial character; and all hills
and resolutions of a private character, and all other bills
and resolutions not dircetly connected with the raising of
revenue, or affecting the military or naval affairs of the
Govern ment, shall be referred to the appropriate committees
without debate, to be considered at the next regular session
of Congress.
Mr, VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a question
of order. 1 understand that the pending question
is on the. adoption of the resolution. 1 submit
that it is not in order, because it changes the rules
of the House, and no notice has been given of the
purpose to introduce any such resolution.
Tlie SPEAKER. When the resolution was
originally introduced, the Chair inquired whether
there was any objection to its introduction. No
objection was made. The subject is, therefore,
properly before the House; and the Chair over-
rules the point of order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask thegentlcman from
Pennsylvania to modify his amendment, so that
the House may take action in regard to contested
elections.
Mr. HICKMAN. I must decline to do so.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to make u simple suggestion.
There was no objection.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Speaker, one of
the highest privileges of the House is its right to
inquire into the qualifications of its members.
That is constitutional also. The House has al-
ready decided who are prima facie entitled to their
seats. There are questions of high order which
demand the investigation of this House in regard
to contested seats here, involving the most serious
consequences—involving the whole question of
the right of the people to elect. If the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will not permit the modifica-
tion which i suggested to be made to his amend-
ment, I ask the House to vote down his propo-
sition, so that we may get at this question.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to make a remark.
It is certainly not needful to make exceptions of
contested-election cases, becausc they come unflbr
a clause of the Constitution which is higher than
any of our rules—that clause which makes the
House the judge of the qualifications, election,
and returns of its members. Besides, this reso-
lution refers to legislation; and contested-election
cases are clearly not legislation.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the gentleman
whether, though it is a constitutional right, the
House may not defer the consideration thereof to
another tune?
Mr. COLFAX. On the contrary, it has been
uninterruptedly decided, from the commencement
of the Government, that a question affecting the
right of a member to his scat takes preccdencc of
everything else.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not wish to quibble
about this thing; but I ask whether, although the
right of a member to Ins seat is a constitutional
question, it may not be deferred by the action of
the House ? That is the question I make.
Mr. COLFAX. On the contrary, I apprehend
that no constitutional provision can be deferred
by the action of the House.
Mr. COX. Then what is the objection to put-
ting it in the resolution ?
Mr. COLFAX. Bccausc it is a matter of the
Constitution and not of the rules.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. J would suggest
that it is already included in the term "judicial."
Mr. RICHARDSON. No, sir.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the indulgence of the
House that 1 may offer the following as an amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania—
And all propositions that may look to a peaceful solution
of the p.'iidni',' troubles ot the country.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I object.
Mr. i'iURNETT. 1 hope that members will
be permitted to offer such propositions as are right
and proper, and let the House vote them down if
it choose. Gentlemen have a right to do that.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Is a motion in order to
lay the resolution on the table?
The SPEAKER. Yes.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. In the name of my con-
stituents, my country, and my God, I hope the
legislation of this House will be left free. I there-
fore move to lay the resolution on the table; and
on that I call for the yeas and-nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was .taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 52, nays 102; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ancona, Joseph Baily, George
H. Browne, Burnett, Calvert, Cobb, Cooper, Cox, Cravens,
Cnsfield, Crittenden, Dunlap, English, Fisher, Fouke,
Glider, Haight, Harding, Harrison,Jackson, Johnson, Law,
Lazear, Loary, Logan, Mallory, Mcnzie*, Morris, Noble,
Noell, Norton, Nugen, Odell, Geoige II. Pendleton, Perry,
Iteid, Richardson, Robinson, James S. Rollins, Smith, John
B. Steele, William G. Siecle, Francis Thomas, Vallandig-
ham, Vibbard, Voorhee=, Wad?worth, Chilton A. White,
Wiekliffe, Wood, and Woodruff—52.
NA\ S—Messis. Aldrieh, Alley, Appleton, Arnold, Ash-
ley, Babbitt, Goldsmith F. Bailey, Baker, Baxter, Beainan,
Bingham, Francis i\ Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Buffin-
ton, Campbell, Carhle, Chamberlain, Ambiose W. Clark,
Collax, Fredeuck A. Conkling, iioscoe Conkling, Conway,
Covode, Cuitffe, Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Diven,
Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Fes-
senden, Franclmt, Frank, Gooch, Granger, (Jurley, Hick-
man, Ilolmun, IIoi ton, llutchins, Julian, Kelley, Francis
W. Kellogg, Kilhngcr, Lansing, Loomis, Lovcjoy. Mc-
Kean, Mcknight, Mel'herson, Mitchell, Moorhead, Anson
P. Moirill, Justin S. Motrin, Nixon, Olin, Patton, Pike,
Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, Alexander H. Rice, John H.Rice,
Riddle, Edward H. Rollins, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield,
Shellabarger, Sherman, Sloan, Spaulding, Stratton, Benja-
min F. Thomas, Thayer, Train, Tumble, Tiowbridge,
Upton, Vandever, Van Ilorne, Van Valkcnburgh, Van
Wyck, Verree, Wall, Wallace, Charles W. Walton, E P.
Walton, Waid, Wasnburtie, Wheeler, Albert S. White,
Windoni, Worcester, and Wright—102.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
During the vote,
Mr. LOGAN stated that his colleague [Mr.
McClernaxd] was confined to his room on ac-
count of ill health.
Mr. WEBSTER (not being within the bar
when his name was called) asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. WEBSTER stated he should have voted
<{ ay."
Mr. DELAPLAINE (not being within the
bar when his name was called) asked leave to
vote.
Objection was made.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The question recurred on Mr. Hickman's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution, as amended.
Mr. ED W ARDS. I desire to offer an amend-
ment- 
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order, and
no amendment is in order, the main question hav-
ing been ordered.
Mr. EDWARDS. I desire to make the reso-
lution consistent.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the resolution, as amended.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I think it is hardly
necessary to have the yeas and nays, and I hope
the gentleman from Kentucky will withdraw the
call.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask for the yeas and nays,
whether I can ^otthem or not.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. We have had a
test vote on the question already.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the resolution,as
amended, was adopted.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TIIE CIVIL WAR.
Mr. FOUKE offered the following preamble
and resolutions:
Whereas a fierce and unnatural civil war is now laging
between the Government of the United States and a poi-
tion of our nu auided countrymen, fonvulsing the whole
land; and it being nnpoifant to cultivate and maintain a
fiatenial terlmu between the citizens of the several States
still loyal to the Constitution and.the Union, in ouler to
stiengthen the ana of the Executive of the nation: There-
fore,
Beit resolved, That wo, iheRepiesentativesof theThuty-
Seventh ComriObP, in vitw of the distiaeted state of our
beloved countiy.and in oidertosecure harmonious action,
and believing the Con^tuution and the Union to be con-
siderations tru above patty ties and ailHiauoos, solemnly
iyno.e, during the impending war, ail political differences
heretofore existing between the people of the loyal States
ol this Union.
Resolved, That we believe it would be wise in the Exec-
utive of this nation and the executives of the several States,
in ali their appointments to military or civil positions, to
adopt the patriotic maxim of the immortal Jefferson, " Is
he honest, is he capable ?" and piaee men in position and
power without regard to past political opinions.
•Resofoe<7,*That we approve the act of the President and
his official advisers in summoning the citizen soldiers of
the loyal States to the defense of the national capital and
its archives.
Resolved, That this Congress has unbounded confidence
in the patriotism, forecast, courage, and miiitary skill and
wisdom of Lieutenant General Scott, the great military
commander of the age, who never lost a battle.
Resolved, That whilst some of the officers of the Amer-
ican Army, who had been reared, schooled, and fostered
by our Government, have deserted and are now leaders in
the disaffected forces, this Congress congratulates the pres-
ent Administration and the country that Lieutenant Gene-
ral Scott still stands at the head of our Army in the full
vigor of health and his great intellect to duect all its im-
portant strategic movements.
Resolved, That while we hold in one hand the sword of
justice, to sustain, strengthen, and uphold the Executive
in the maintenance of the Constitution and the Union, it
becomes our solemn and Christian duty to offer with the
other continuously to our deluded brethren the olive branch
of peace.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to lay the resolutions
on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. On that motion, Lcall for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a question of order.
Under the resolution which has been adopted, on
motion of the gentlemen from Indiana, limiting
the business which shall be considered by the
House, the resolutions are not in order. Other-
wise the resolution itself is perfectly inoperative.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the ques-
tion of order, and decides the scries of resolutions
to be out of order, as not coming within the scope
of the resolution adopted by the House, defining
the character of the business which shall be con-
sidered.
CLERKS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I submit the following
resolution, and call for the previous question on
its adoption:
Resolved, That the standing committees of this House
which in the last Congress wcie anthonzed to employ
clerks, be and they are heieby authorized to employ clerks
during the Thirty-Seventh Congioss upon the same r.jrms
of compensation as were provided tor like seivice in the
Thirty-Sixth Congress, while actually employed.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order. 1 submit that under the resolution sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Indiana and adopted,
as amended, on motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, that resolution is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
question of order, and decides the resolution to be
out of order
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to lay the
appeal on the table.
The motion was agreed to; and the appeal was
laid on the table.
REFERENCE OF PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolutions:
1. Resolved, That so much of the special message of the
President of the United States to the two Houses of Con-
gtess at the pro-em session as relate to out toreign affairs,
together with aeenmpanjmg eoirespondonce in iclation
thereto, be referred to the Committee on Foreign Affahs.
2. Resolved, That so much ot said message and accom-
panying documents a- lel.ites, to the finances; to the defi-
ciencies in the appropi unions tor the >ear ending 30th
June, 1862; to the deficiencies jn the revenue ; to the re-
ceipts into the Tieutuiy, and public cApenditiuc* ; to the
provision ot additional levenue by an meiea-e of thepies-
ent duties on imports-, bv loan, excise, and internal taxa-
tion, and the providing of the necessary ways and means
lor carrying on the Government in tho pvo.-ent exigencies,
be referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
3. Resolved, That so much of said menage aftd accom-
panying documents as lelatos to the execution of the laws;
to the puvileqe- of the writ of habeas, corpus; to the armed
neutrality of certain States; to the legal questions relating
to the rebellions acts of citizens m the southern States, and
to the power to enter therein with military force-? to pro-
tect the loyal citizens of said States, be letened to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
4. Resolves', That so much of said menage and accom-
panying document* a5? relates to the Aimy ot the United
States to the ineicase thniuof, and to the establishment
and improvement ot nulitaiy po&ts,be ideired to thoCom-
mittee on Military Atfturss.
5. Resolved, That so much of s-aid message and accom-
panying documents as i elates to the Navy of the United
States and tlie increase iheieof,to pioviMon loi the piotec-
tion of Aineiican merchant vessel*, their eiews and cai-
goea, ayasn.-t lawless suizme by pnvateeis (rom southern
poitsinTebellion againn the Government, he icfeiredto the
Committee on Naval Affuns.
