26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
6. Resolved, That so much of the message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the District of Columbia be
referred to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
7. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the Post Office Department,
its operation and condition and cost of transportation, be
referred to the Committee on the Post Offifce and Post
_ Roads.
8. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom--
panymg documents as relates to the public domain be re-
terred to'the Committee on Public Lands.
9. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to our intercourse with Indian
tribes be referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
10. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to expenditures in connection
with the State Department be referred to the Committee
on-Expenditures in the State Department.
11. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying document* as relates to expenditures in connection
with the Treasmy Department be referred to the Commit-
tee on Expenditures m the Treasury Department.
10. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to expenditures in connec-
tion with the War Department be referred to the Committee
on Expenditures in the War Department.
13. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to expenditures in connection
witli the Navy Department be referred to the Committee
on Expenditures in the Navy Department.
14. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to expenditures in conncction
with the Post Office Department be referred to tlie Commit-
tee on Expenditures in the Po«-t Office Dcpaitment.
15. Resolved, That so much ol said message and accom-
pan>ing documents as relates to the expenditures in con-
nection with the Department of the Interior, to the expend-
itures generally, and to a retrenchment of the same, be
referred to the Committee on Public Expenditures.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
referring the resolutions to the Committee of the
Whole oiuhc state of the Union.
Mr. STEVENS, i hope the House will dis-
pense with the reference, and pass the resolutions.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Is debate in order
upon the resolutions?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks if debate
is proposed, tho resolutions must go over.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I understand the
question to be on the reference of the President's
message. The practice has usually been to allow
debate upon that question.
The SPEAKER. If the resolutions were de-
batable, the usual parliamentary courtesy would
give the floor to the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Stbvbns.] "
Mr. VALLA iNDfGHAM. Certainly; but the
gentleman from Pennsylvania did obtain the floor,
and expressed tho wish that the rcsolutionsshould
be adopted, and resumed his seat. In the mean
time I claimed the iloor, and was assigned itbv the
Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hold the first
reading of resolutions, when they can only be
received by unanimous consent, to be for infor-
mation only. The Chair, in this instance, neglected
to aslc if there was objection; and if there be ob-
jection at this time he will hold that tho resolutions
cannot be received.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. I do not rise to
object. On tho eontraiy, 1 desire that the reso-
lutions may be adopted; hut I wish to submit
Some observations upon them,
l'he SPEAKER. The Chair would regard
debate a« equivalent to an objection in the present
instance.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do not object.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
resolutions? If there be no objection, then the
gentlemen from Pennsylvania [Mr. Steven's] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. VALLA NDIGIIAM. The Chair rose
and stated the question upon the adoption of the
resolutions, which are themselves debatable. 1
have claimed the floor, have been assigned it by
the Chair, and propose lo debate the resolutions.
1 he SPEAKER. The Chair has just stated
that it wa.s through inadvertence that lie omitted
to put the question, whether there was objection
to the reception of the resolutions.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. And I havestated
that I make no objection in the world, but desire
to debate them.
Mr. IlICTXARDfSON. The resolutions relate,
as I understand thorn, to the organization of the
House, and it js pcifcctly competent for tho Chair
to entertain them, Whether they are debatable
®lowovcl'' for the C1)au" determine,
ihe SI LAKER. The Chair will read the rule
under which the House is proceeding with its
business to-day:
<c All the fotutes and Tcnitories shall be called for reso- I
lutions on each alternate Monday during each session of
Congiess; and,if neecbsaiy to secure this object oil said
days, all lesolutions which shall give rise to debate shall
he over for discussion, under the rules of the House al-
leady established; and the whole of said days shall be
appropriated to resolutions, until all the States and Terri-
tories are called through."
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I understand that
has been done already.
The SPEAKER. The call of the States for
resolutions has not been gone through with.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Was the State of
Pennsylvania being called'when those resolutions
were offered ?
Tho SPEAKER. The State of Illinois was
being called.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then the resolu-
tions come up by unanimous consent, and I claim
the floor to debate them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that,
until tho call has been gone through with, any
resolution introduced by unanimous consent must
go over if debated.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Perhaps this mat-
ter Can be accommodated. I desire to ask the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
if he proposes to allow debate upon the Presi-
dent's message in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order ex-
cept by unanimous consent.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The Chair will
recollect that it has always been customary to
allow debate upon the resolutions referring the
President's message.
Mr. LOVE.IOY. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. During the call of the States
for resolutions, the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Ste\ens] offered a series of resolutions for
llio reference of the President's annual message.
If they give rise to debate, the Chair holds that
they must go over. From that decision tho gen-
tleman from Ohio lakes an appeal. The ques-
tion now is, "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House ?"
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I will not insist
on the appeal, because I desire to present no un-
reasonable opposition, but simply to exorcise my
rights as a Representative.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw the resolutions.
I do no! want, discussion.
Mr. WASITBURNE. I renew tho resolutions,
and call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the resolutions were adopted.
Mr. WASIIBURNK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolutions were adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I offer the following
resolution:
Rewire,], Thill tho pnpci  in tho c.vc of the contested
eltviton 1 re in tin1 !jYi i itoiy ot Nebi a^ka he rc ferret! to the
Committee ot Weeuons, and that they ho authorized to
invesiiLMte and lrpoit upon tho same without regaid to
any notice, m any thing at'that liiml.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the resolu-
tion so that it will include the papers in all the
other contested-election eases now upon the
Speaker's table.
Mr. RICIIAP^DSON. I accept the amend-
ment as a modification of my resolution.
The resolution, us modified, was then adopted.
Mr. FOUKE. I again offer my resolutions.
The ievolution of the gentleman from Indiana
does not exehulc lesolutions in reference to the
war now existing.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. FOUKE. I again offer my resolutions.
1 he SPEAKER. I he Chair has decided them
to be out oi order. It is now too late to make
the point, the gentleman having failed to take an
appeal.
BETEXSES OF ATASIIIXGTON.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I offer the following res-
olution, and demand the previous question on its
adoption:
Rciolval, That the ficcietary of War be requested to
"" ™s House, a-i soon as practicable, plans and
estimate*, to l>" piepaied hj the engineer ilcpaitineiit, lor
completing the defensive works upon the south side of the
Potomac, near this city ; and also to report upon the ex-
pediency of constructing similar wotks of defense upon
the northern side of this city, with estimates for the same,
so as to reduce the minimum number of troops required
for the protection ami defense of the capital.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved that the resolution
be laid upon the table.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PENSIONERS OF THE DNITED STATES.
Mr. CURTIS. I offer the following ioint res-
lution.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives, 4"c.,
That the Commissioner of Pensions be, and he is hereby,
directed to stiike from the pension rolls all pensioners in re-
bellion against the United Suites; and also all pensioners
aiding or abetting secession or rebellion ; that before pay-
ment of pensions to persons resident in States that have
passed an ordinance of secession, or in States where the
executive iuu refused to furnish military force to mi?tain
the Government at the present crisis of our country, the
applicant shall swear allegiance to the (Jnited States, and '
further that he lias not engaged in secession or revolution,
does not approve of either, and will not participate or give
aid or countenance to secession or revolution.
Mr. BURNETT. Is not that resolution ob-
noxious to the restriction of the rule adopted this
morning on motion of the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Holman ?] I make the point that the
resolution is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
SECESSIONISTS IN" OFFICE.
Mr. POTTER offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed by the
Speaker to ascertain and report to this House the number
ot persons, with the names thereof, now employed in the
several Departments of the Government, who are known
to entertain sentiments of hostility to the Government of
the United States, and those who have refused to take the
o#i to support tile Constitution of the United States; and
that said committee be authorized to send for persons and
papers.
Mr. VANDEVER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
APPORTIONMENT OF,MEMBERS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House, by
unanimous consent, a communication from the
Department of the Interior, transmitting the ap-
portionment among the States of members of the
House of Representatives under the eighth census;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be'
printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. OLIN, the House
(at three o'clock) adjourned.
. IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 9, 1861.
Prayer by Rev. Byron Sunderland, D. D.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and anproved
Hon. Henry M.Rice, of Minnesota, appeared
in his seat to-day.
THE NAVAL ACADEMY.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I ask leave to present the
petition of the mayor and collector of the city of
Perth Amboy,and the commissioners of pilotage
of the State of New Jersey, of Peter D. Vroom
TheodoreFrelinghuysen, Joseph C. Hornbiower!
and other eminent citizens of the State of New
Jersey, praying Congress, in case it shall be
deemed expedient to remove the United States
Naval Academy permanently from Annapolis, to
establish it at the city of Perth Ambov, in the
State of New Jersey. As the petition is volumin-
ous  I will not ask to have it read, or road it
myself. I beg leave simply to state very con-
cisely that this place is considered to ho eminently
fitted for the site of the Naval Academy. It is
perhaps the most eligible position on the sea-
board, more readily accessible from the west and
the north and the south than any other place upon
