1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
the sea-board. Proximity to New York and
Philadelphia, with access thereto two or three
times a day; nearness to the navy-yard at Brook-
lyn, where every material can be obtained for the
purpose of such an Academy; the situation, with
the Raritan river and bay on one side, and Prince's
bay and Statcn Island sound upon the other—a
fine bay for the opportunity of naval evolutions;
its nearness to the ocean, only some eleven miles
from it, and yet protected from it; the harbor be-
ing equal in depth of water to the harbor of New-
York; the climate delightful in summer, not so
rigorous as other situations upon the coast north
ofit in winter; the harbor always free.from ice;
render this, in the judgment of the petitioners, a
most desirable situation. I ask that the petition
be received, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to suggest the pro-
priety of laying all petitions in relation to matters
not immediately pressing, upon the table for the
present, and not referring any of them. It is a
very general opinion, I believe, that we ought to
make this session as short as possible, and con-
fine our action to those matters for which we were
particularly called together. If we begin by re-
ferring this petition, others .will be presented, and
we shall have an accumulation of business such
as we do not intend to act upon at the present ses-
sion. 1 would suggest to my friend from New
Jersey, therefore, whether it would not be advis-
able to let this petition lie on the table until we
dccide what kind of business we shall attend to ?
Mr. TEN EYCK. Nothing could accord more
clearly with my own views than the suggestion
of the Senator from Maine. If I could have my
way, there should be no business done at this ses-
sion of Congress but that which is strictly cognate
to the call. If it were possible, I should like this
Congress to pass all the necessary acts in forty-
eight hours, and adjourn without expressing a
single sentiment other than was contained on the
face of the bills. I thought, however, that this
petition, as it was somewhat appropriate to the
matters in hand, might safely be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and they might make
some recommendation for the appointment of a
commission to act in the recess with regard to this
matter.
Mr. HALE. I accord with what the Senator
from Maine has said; but I want to suggest to
the Senate that, as a great many resignations
have taken place from the Naval School, and a
necessity exists for an increase of the Navy, it
may bo necessary at this time to take some meas-
ures in regard to the reorganization of the Naval
School, and finding it "a local habitation and a
name."
Mr. FESSENDEN. My suggestion was sim-
ply that it be laid on the table for the present,
until we had an opportunity to consult and see
what course was best to take.
Mr. HALE. Very well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was a mere temporary
matter. 1 will make the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
this petition lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
DUTIES ON ARMS.
Mr. KING-. I desire to presenta petition from
a committee of the military board of State officers
of the State of New York, who have sent an
agent abroad to purchase arms for the use of the
volunteers and militia of that State in the service
of the United States, asking that the duties which
they have paid upon some that have come in may
be remitted. I move to refer it to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it be laid on the table,
as I have a bill on the subject to report.
Mr. KING. The chairman of the Committee
on Finance tells us that he has a bill for the pur-
pose; therefore I will let the petition lie on the
table.
The petition was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yesterday there was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 2) to remit the duties on certain
arms imported into the United States. The com-
mittee have now instructed me to report a bill for
that purpose. It is short, and I presume there is
no objection in any quarter to it, and I ask that it
may be read, the rules suspended, and the bill
passed through. It is very important thatitshould
be done immediately.
The bill (S. No. 6) to refund and remit the
duties on arms imported by States was read twice
by unanimous consent, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Treasury to refund and remit the
duties and imposts on all arms imported into the
United States since the 1st day of May last, or
which may be imported before the 1st day of
January next, by or for the account of any States,
on being satisfied that the said arms are intended
in good faith for the use of the troops of any
State which is or may be engaged in aiding to
suppress the insurrection now existing against
the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine asks a suspension of the rules of the Sen-
ate, for the purpose of ordering this bill to be en-
grossed for a third reading. The Chair hears no
objection.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE CLERK.
Mr. HALE. I have a resolution to offer;and
iftherebeno objection, I should like to have it
considered now:
Resolved, That De Witt C. Clarke be, and he is heioby,
appointed principal executive clerk of the Senate, in the
place of J. H. NichoJson, resigned.
The resolution was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
REPORT OE A COMMITTEE.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 2) to meioase the present military
establishment of the United States, have direct-
ed me to report it back with an amendment,
striking out the fifth section of the bill, which
authorizes the President, if, in his opinion, the
public service requires it, to enlarge the old re-
giments to the size of the regiments ordered by
this bill.
DEATII OF MII. DOUGLAS.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Mr. President, at the close
of the last day in the month of May, 1861, on
entering the city of Chicago after a brief visit to
this placc, I was informed by a friend who met
me at the depot, that my colleague in this body,
Hon. Stephen-A. Douglas, was dying, and would
not probably survive an hour. As I approached
the Tremont House in which he lay, I found the
side-walks and the vestibule of the hotel thronged
with people anxiously inquiring after the condi-
tion of the dying man. The next morning it was
some relief to know that he was still alive, though
it was said with little hope of a recovery. J-ic
continued m this condition the whole of that day
and the next, when the public began to entertain
expectations of his restoration to health. The
fears and hopes of the immediate attendants,
friends,and relatives, who watched over him dur-
ing those awful hours of suspense, and till nirx*
o'clock on the morning of the 3d day of June,
when he expired, 1 have no disposition, had I
the power, to portray. The solemn duty of an-
nouncing my late colleague's decease imposes
upon me no such obligation; and God giant that
the wounds then inflicted may not be opened
afresh.
Mr. Douglas was born at Brandon, Vermont,
April 23, 1813, bring but forty-eight years of age
at the time of his decease. He was descended
from Puritan ancestors by both his parents. Of
one—-his father—he was bereft in infancy. ^ His
mother still survives. After acquiring such an
education as could be obtained at the common
school and the academy, not having the means to
perfect it by a collegiate course, at the early age
of twenty he emigrated to the State of Illinois,
where he taught school for a short time, and, in
1834, was admitted to the bar to practice law. In
1835, he was made State's attorney; and from that
day Jill the day of his death was almost constantly
engaged in the public service of either the State
or the nation. He held the offices of State's attor-
ney, representative in the Legislature, secretary
of State, and justice of the supreme court m the
State of Illinois, and also that of register of the
land office at Springfield, in that Suite, by appoint-
ment from Mr. Van Burcn,bcfoic he entered the
councils of the nation, as a Representative in the
other branch of Congress, in 1843.
He was three times elected by the people to the
House of Representatives, and thrice by the Le-
gislature ^f his State to a seat in this body, and
was continuously a member of one House or the„
other, from his first entry, in 1843, till his death,
four years of his last senatorial term still remain-
ing unexpired. From this brief history, it ap-
pears that Judge Douglas devoted more thanlialf
his life, and all the years of his manhood, to the
public service; and so prominent was the part he
took in public affairs, so intimate the connection
between his own rise and fame, and the progress
and renown of his State and the nation, that the
history of the one would be incomplete without
that of the other. No great public movement
has taken place since he entered public life which
has not felt the influence of his will and his in-
tellect; perhaps no one man, since the Govern-
ment began, ever exercised a greater influence
over the masses of the people than he. No one
ever gathered around him more devoted followers
or more enthusiastic admirers, who were willing
to do and dare more for another, than were his
friends for him.
What this charm was which so linked the pop-
ular heart to him that it n'ever faltered even under
circumstances apparently the most discouraging,
seems almost mysterious. This feeling of attach-
ment followed him to the grave, and was never
more manifest than after his decease, when he had
become alike indifferent to the adulation of friends
or the censure of enemies, and when his power
had forever departed either to reward the one or
punish the other. It was then, if ever, as his
body lay lifeless in the city of Chicago, that the
true feeling of a people would manifest itself; and
it did manifest itself, not only there, but through-
out the nation, to an extent scarcely, if ever, wit-
nessed since the death of the Father of his Coun-
try. The badges of mourning were seen displayed
not only from the public buildings and the man-
sions of the rich, but the cottages of the poor, the
carts of the workmen, and-tho implements of the
laborer, were everywhere to be seen draped with
the habiliments of woe, all the more touching as
they were simple and plain. The people's favor-
ite in life, lie was followed by their lamentations
in death.
But Judge Douglas possessed not only the
power of fascinating the masses; he was a marked
man wherever he went and with whomsoever he
associated. No matter whether as a lawyer at
the bar; as a judge on the bench; at an agricultu-
ral society, where the skilled in mechanic and in-
dustrial pursuits were assembled; at some college
commencement, where the learned were convened;
in the other House of Congress, in the midst of
the tumult and commotion of its most excited de-
bates; in this more deliberative body, or before
the popular assembly of the people; wherever he
appeared he always shone conspicuous. Ha was
one of the few men who have proved themselves
equal to every emergency in which they have
been called upon to act. I remember well when
he was transferred from the House of Represent-
atives to the Senate,lusenemies predicted and his
friends feared that his talents were not fitted for
this body, and that he would be unable to sustain
the reputation he had acquired in the more pop-
ular branch. He entered here when the great
men whose talents and learning and eloquence
have shed an undying luster on the American
Senate—when Clay, Webster, Benton, and Cal-
houn, in the vigor of manhood, full of wisdom
and experience, were still here, and proved him-
self no mean compecr of cither. His speech of
1$50, wherein he met and refuted the positions of
the great Carolinian, upon the very points which
have been made the pretexts of the southern re-
bellion, was perhaps the greatest effort of his life.
The distinguishing characteristics of Judge
Douglas, which enabled him to cope successfully
with the greatest intellects of the age, were fear-
lessness, quickness of apprehension, a strong will,
and indomitable energy. He knew no such word
as fail. He had full confidence in himself, and of
his ability to accomplish whatever he undertook.
In controversy he-was unsurpassed; and without
pretension either to accomplished scholarship or
eloquence, there was a fullness in his voice, an
earnestness in his manner, a directness in his
argument, and a determination in his every look
