28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
and action, which never failed to command atten-
tion; and, often electrifying the multitude, would
elicit unbounded applause. This crowded Cham-
ber has often been witness of the delight with
which the multitude hung upon his w<yds.
Of the political coursc of Judge Douglas, and
its effect on the country, it does not become me
to speak; but I may be permitted to say that,
when a portion of the Opposition to the Admin-
istration assumed the position of armed resistance
to its authority, and attempted by force to dis-
member the Republic, he at once took sides with
his country. His course had much to do in pro-
ducing that unanimity in support of the Govern-
ment which is now seen throughout the loyal
States. The sublime spectacle of twenty million
people rising as one man in vindication of consti-
tutional liberty and free government, when as-
sailed by misguided rebels and plotting traitors,
is, to a considerable extent, due to his efforts.
His magnanimous and patriotic course in this
trying hour of his country's destiny was the
crowning act of his life. All his life long a devoted
partisan of the Democratic-faith, he did not hesi-
tate, when his country was m peril chiefly from
those who had formerly been his political asso-
ciates, to give his powerful support and the aid of
his great influcncc to the Government, though
controlled by political adversaries. If, in thus dis-
charging his duty, Judge Douglas manifested a
disinterestedness, a magnanimity, and a patriot-
ism, which entitle him to credit, it is but just to
say that he was met by his political opponents m
a similar spirit. Perhaps the highest compliment
ever paid him, and one which few statesmen have
over received, was that extended to him by the
Legislature of Illinois, 011 his return to the State
after the close of the last session of the Senate.
That body, controlled in both its branches by his
political adversaries, unanimously invited him to
address them on the condition of the country; and
Utbly did he respond to the invitation. His ad-
dress dehvefed on that occasion, which, by order
of the Legislature, was extensively circulated
through the State, will ever remain an enduring
monument to lus fame, and an example worthy of
nil mutation of the sacrifice of pride to principle,
of self to country, and of party to patriotism.
In .-iocial life, Judge Douklas was genial and
attractive. Open, frank, mid generous almost to
a fault, he never failed to exercise a large influ-
ence over all with whom he came in contact; and
few men have ever had more numerous or more
devoted personal friends.
Such were some of the characteristics of our
departed brother. Inheriting neither wealth nor
Cushion from an illustrious ancestry, he acquired
oth by the active, energetic, laborious, and never-
ceasing use of those noble faculties with which
he was endowed by the Great Author of all; and
if the wealth heat one time possessed dors not
remain to those who were dependent on him, it
is because the energies of his great mind were
devoted rather to the country and to the whole
people, than to providing for hi.s own. Laboring,
under the defects of an imneifect education in
early life, his industry and his energy supplied
the want, lie was emphatically a self-made man,
and the history of his life affords a striking illus-
tration of what industry and energy, united with
a strong will, can accomplish.
Dot that iron will, which had so often met and
overcome obstacles, was compelled to yield at last
to the ium; of Terrors; for it, is appointed unto
men once to die. Only a few months ago, Judge
Douglas, in vigorous health, went forth from
this Chamber to tally his countrymen to the sup-
poi t of the Constitution and the laws, and then
to die; to die at the very zenith of his fame, when
a whole loyal people, foigetting past political tics,
stood ready to do ium honor, llis death, in the
full vigor of manhood, should admonish us who
are left that here we have no abiding place—it
may be not even for the brief periods for which
we are chosen members of this body.
Mr. Douglas was not a professor of religion
in the sense of being attached to any paiticular
Church; but m his will, executed several years
before his decease, after prov iding for his worldly
affairs, he says: " I commit my soul to God, and
ask the prayers of the good for His divine bless-
ing;'5 thus leaving on record the evidence of his
trust in the Supreme Iluler of the woild. Ho
leaves surviving him a widow; and two children
by a former marriage. Into the domestic circle
broken by his departure X do not propose to enter,
nor to attempt by any poor words of mine to ad-
minister consolation to those who were bound to
him by the closest of ties. How unutterable
must be the anguish of the aged mother, the sis-
ter, the children, and the bosom companion of
him whose departure has clothed a whole nation
in mourning! I can only point them to Him who
has promised to be a father to the fatherless, and
the widow's God.
On the 17th day of June last, all that remained
of our departed brother was interred near the city
of Chicago, on the shore ofLake Michigan, whose
pure waters, often lashed into fury by contending
elements, are a fitting memento of the storqiy and
boisterous political tumults through which the
great popular orator so often passed. There the
people, whose idol he was, will erect amonument
to his memory; and there, inXhe soil of the State
which so long without interruption, and never to
a greater extent than at the moment of his death,
gave hinv her confidence, let his remains repose,
so long as free Governments shall last, and the
Constitution he loved shall endure.
I offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, That tl\e members of the Senate, ftoiri a bill-
et-re desire of showing eveiv mark of ies-peet due to the
niemoiy of Hon. Stkmien A. Douglas, deceased, late a
Senator lioin the Statu of Hiinois, will go into mourning
by wwiiii;' eiape on the left aim for thirty day*.
lletolvpd unanimously, That, as aa additional mark of
respect for the mcuioiyof Uoa. Stephen A. Douglas, the
Senate do now adjourn.
OidcrcJ, Thai the Secretcuy communicate these resolu-
tions to the House ot Representatives.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I received
the first intelligence of the decease of the late Sen-
ator from Illinois as the pilot came on boaid our
ship on my lucent arrival off the harbor of New
York. The universal and solemn exhibition of
tin; profoundest sorrow on the part of all the
companions of my voyage, embracing men of all
classes, all opinions, and all sections, fully showed
that the dead Senator had filled a lara;c place in
the heart, of the American people. All seemed
deeply to feel that another of our great men, one
of those who had most and best illustrated our
republican institutions, had left us forever for the
companionship of his father—gone too, at a
time, when his threat qualities for counsel and con-
duct were most needed by his country.
But as, powerless for the moment to resist the
tide of (.'motions, I bowed my head in silentgrief,
it came to me that the Senator had lived to wit-
ness the opening of the present unholy war upon
our Government; that witnessing it, from the
capitol of his State, as his highest and best posi-
tion, he had sent forth a war cry worthy of that
Douglass, who, as ancient, legends tell, with the
welcome of the knightly Anda'iusian King, was
told :
" Take thou the Icadin? of the van,
And ehaure fie Mooi«< amain ;
Thoie i- not Mich a iauee as tin no
lu all the host  of .Spain."
Those trumpet notes with a continuous swell
arc sounding still throughout all the borders of
our land. I heard them upon the mountains and
in the valleys of the far State whence I come.
They have communicated faith and strength to
millions.
lie lived to witness his great appeal to a nation
of freemen answered by unnumbered legions of
patriotic men, and to feel and understand, with a
confident assurance, thai the mad assault made
by misguided men upon the integrity of our Union,
instead of resulting in disunion and anarchy,
would establish our institutions upon deeper and
firmer foundations, and leave a certain guarantee
of pence, liberty, and unity, to our children and
children's children to remote generations. He
lived to have, by the majesty and power of his
last great effort, risen above the reach of malice
or detraction, and to have secured for his mem-
ory the love and admiration of all men who love
freedom, here, everywhere, and forever. I ceased
to grieve foi Douglas. The ja&t voice of the dead
Douglas 1 felt to be stronger than the voice of
multitudes of living men.
While paying the tribute of my respect to the
memory of Mr. Douglas, I prefer speaking sim-
ply of the man as I knew him. The record of
his public life is a part of the written history of
our Country.
It is now twenty-four years since 1 fiist met
Mr. Douglas; he then a young lawyer of estab-
lished reputation for ability; 1 about attempting
success in the same profession. Of the same po-
litical opinions, engaged in the same pursuits, and
of similar social relations, from the first we became
friends. It is to me a matter of sincere satisfac-
tion, that I am able to reflect that that friendship
continued without a single interruption for near a
quarter of a century, and until the Great Ruler
severed it, to be renewed^ I trust, in the land of
spirits.
At a very early period Mr. Douglas turned his
attention.to public affairs, and I soon learned to
place great reliance upon his sagacity and judg-
ment. As years passed by, that confidence in-
creased; and if among the men I have known in
public life I have trusted him most, I can at the
same time say I knew him best.
That he possessed commanding talents is now
everywhere admitted. In my judgment, he was in
his time the greatest living master of forensic
discourse. Scorning ornament, simple, vigorous,
and correct in language and in manner, he was a
powerful as well as just reasoner, from the very
necessities of his intellectual and moral organiza-
tion. He possessed a true, as well as a large and
powerful mind.
His enemies have charged him with ambition—
with excess of ambition. He was ambitious;
but it was a great and a just ambition. He was
ambitious in this, that lie loved to engage in and
to achieve great enterprises. If he aspired to
places of power, the position of power was never
the goal with him. He sought power that he might
accomplish great thingsfor his country and his age.
The architect of his own fortunes, as well as
the architect of his own opinions, the surround-
ings and discipline of his early life, together with
his naturally bold and self-reliant character,gave
to him progressive rather than conservative pro-
clivities, and led him, from the outstart of life, to
espouse the opinions and policies of that great
Democratic party, in the councils and movements
of which he ever afterward acted so large a part.
His promptness in judgment, and boldness and
energy in conduct, would have made him a leader
of men in any age or nation; and while he pos-
sessed the promptitude and courage of a great
leader, he united with it a capacity for counsel
equal to his capacity for action.
Considered opinion will, I have no doubt, yield
to him a place second to that of no man of his
immediate time.
The great feature of the public policies of Mr.
Douglas is to be found in his devotion to the or-
ganization and development of the States and Ter-
ritories of the West—that great country which,
by its marvelous progress, has given the best
assurance of the vital power of our Republic. In-
deed, from the period when as a youth he stood
on the green hills of his native Vermont, it would
seem as if, obedient to some rudimental law re-
lated to the motion of the sun in heaven, or the
earth upon its axis, his look was westward; and,
although he knew nothing of the fabled islands of
the western sea, which ancient songs and golden
sunsets gilded, he saw, in the new land yet uncon-
quered from the wilderness, the theater in which
to realize his young hopes and indulge the aspi-
rations of his young ambition. During all his life
his earnest eye was on the great West; while
others of our statesmen knew more of the in-
trigues of the Courts of Europe than of the im-
portant interests springing up beyond the Alle-
ghamcs. To those interests, theircompiehension,
and advancement, he devoted himself with an un-
wavering zeal. Nor were his labors and interests
confined by the valley of the Illinois, or the great
basin of the Mississippi. I have known no man
in public or private life who was so thoroughly
conversant with orwhointeiested himself so much
in our possessions on the Pacific. He was the
first person within m.y knowledge to earnestly
advocate the construction of a railway from the
Mississippi river to the bay of San Francisco.
This was a favonte entei priM' with him years
before we had acquired California from Mexico.
But the relations of Air. Douglas to the States
and Territories of the West, his labors for their
material and political interest, are part of the his-
tory of the country. On the shores of the Pacific
the intelligence of his decease will put a whole
people in mourning.
