1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. Douglas was a courageous, magnanimous,
true, and great man. I loved and honored him
while living—I love and honor his memory, dead.
Mr. President, I second the resolutions by the
honorable Senator from Illinois.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, Stephen
A. Douglas was a native of Vermont, and she
claims to utter a word on the occasion of this sol-
emn announcement of his decease. However
much a majority of her people may have often,
and perhaps generally, disagreed with his political
positions and measures, yet they duly appreciate
the strong points of his character, the elevated
position he has occupied, and the extensive influ-
ence he has wielded in this nation, and cherish
' prido in him as one of their sons. That a poor
orphan boy from the Green ^mountains could
peaceably accomplish all this, is to that people
not merely a matter of wonder or admiration of
his personal resolution and ability, but an in-
spiring and brilliant manifestation of the generous
liberality of our free institutions, opening the av-
enues of enterprise to success and elevation to
the effort and energy of all, however humble.
Brilliantand commandingas have been the posi-
tions and parts which he has performed on the
political theater of this nation, it is strikingly ob-
servable in how short a time it was accomplished.
His whole course in the national councils was
confined to a period of less than twenty years.
In that short period, laboring in the Democratic
party, he succeeded in securing to himself the sym-
pathy and affection of the great body of the masses
of that long-dominant party, and held their hearts
in his hand. How generous and cordial must
have been the spirit of the man to secure to him-
self so extensive, so confiding, and devoted attach-
ments!
The first great ingredient in the composition of
his success was, that he was not merely with the
masses of the people, but was of them. The peo-
ple submit with cheerfulness to leadership and con-
trol, if it is of their own creation; and Mr. Douglas
was not great by adventitious circumstances be-
yond their control. This, his normal character
was never essentially modified by any sophistica-
tions of education, which with him was very lim-
ited; and he fully appreciated through life, as an
element of his strength,and often proudly alluded
to, his early mechanic service,as fixing his identity
with the masses of the people.
Another element of his success is found in his
indomitableenergy and perseverance. This is too
universally understood to require remark. It was
said of old that the gods help those who help them-
selves; and men generally concur in like conduct.
It has been truly said that " much study makes
a wise man, much writing a correct man, and
much speaking a ready man." The lastof these
propositions is most true of controversial speak-
ing; and of that Mr. Douglas was both an ex-
ample and an illustration. Much has been said
of his power of debate as a point in his superi-
ority and an instrument of his elevation. As a
public speaker, he was almost exclusively prac-
ticed as an advocate and champion of the Dem-
ocratic party, whose principles and doctrines he
never questioned. He thus became disciplined m
occupying and dpfrnding positions rather than in
selecting them. In this he became dexterous and
adroit to an unusual and almost wonderful de-
gree, in all the skill of forensic gladiatorship. As
the positions of his party were, with him, un-
questionable and axiomatic truths, he regarded
everything opposed to them as false and un-
founded. With this habit of mind it became to
him almost impossible ever to receivc or appre-
ciate, believe or present, the statement or argu-
ment of his opponent in any other light but the
one which would destroy its force or enable him-
self to answer it. His persistence was unrelent-
ing, very seldom convinced of error, and never
betraying a consciousness of being vanquished.
In contributing to the repeal of the Missouri
compromise, that prolific source of vast political
complications and consequences, it was sanctified
to him by his cherished principle that the people
were to be left " perfectly free to form and regu-
late their domestic institutions in their own way;"
and though too slow to believe the border-ruffian
violence by which the people of Kansas were sub-
jugated, yet when violence and fraud culminated
in that great national swindle—the Lecompton
constitution—he met and exposed it with the
frankness and decision of a just and high-minded
patriot.
Mr. Douglas supported the Democratic party
as a national party. His attachments and sym-
pathies were with the nation and its institutions,
which cherished him; and his ambition or aspira-
tion was to be President of the United States, not
of only a part of it. His defeat was not by the
body of his party, but by the conspiracy of men
long leaders in that party, no less ambitious than
himself, but enemies of the nation, its institutions,
and its flag.
lie became what he was mainly through his
own exertions, and the fact that they enabled him
to acquire-the distinction he possessed was due
to the liberal institutions of this Government, £s
to all which he was neither insensible nor un-
grateful. When the southern traitors proceeded
to the dismemberment of this Government by
open war, he, laying aside the party differences
which separated him from the Executive, prompt-
ly, and with frank, patriotic devotion, tendered
to the Executive his services and influence to sus-
tain the Government in the hour of its peril. 1
say "its peril," as it has long since outgrown all
apprehension of foreign invasion, and domestic
convulsions and internal war is its last trial. Into
this service he entered with his usual devotion,
activity and eloquence, until arrested by fatal
disease.
He has departed to his long home in the merid-
ian of his manhood, and at a juncture in which
he might have been of more than ordinary ser-
vice to the country. Human judgment might say
his death was untimely and premature. Human
judgment is quite too feeble for such a subject;
but how can we, even in human judgment, regard
his departure as premature whose last public act
was the crowning glory of his earthly career?
Mr. NESMITII. Mr. President, though my
personal acquaintance with Mr. Douglas was
brief, it was of a nature to inspire me with admi-
ration for his character, and fill my heart with
gratitude for acts of personal kindness extended
to me when I arrived 111 this capital for the first
time in Janyary last.
My silence oii this occasion would not only do
violence to my own feelings, but would be in sad
contrast with the sorrowful emotions of the people
whom I, in part, represent, and who have just
cause to mourn the loss of a friend and benefactor.
By the side of Illinois, Oregon claims the posi-
tion of chief mourner at the portals of the tomb
of the great Douglas. From the commencement
of his congressional career to the day of his death
we had no such devoted friend and able advocate.
In the contest growing out of our boundary ques-
tion, in 1846, he was a strenuous advocatc of our
territorial integrity; and in the same year he re-
ported a bill in the House of Representatives to
give us a territorial organization. Again, in 1847,
m this body, he reported another bill for the same
purpose. He was also an efficient advocate of our
admission as a State of the Union. His voice was
always raised in our behalf, and in behalf of hu-
manity, when we called upon Congress for pro-
tection against the .savages who surrounded us,
or for indemnification for losses suffered at then-
hands. During the long period that he was chair-
man of the Committee on Territories, Oregon
Territory never appealed to him in vain; while
your records show that we have been the constant
recipients of his aid since our admission as a State.
In addition to the debt of gratitude which we
owe for his public services m our behalf, his
memory will long be cherished in the hearts of
many of the early settlers m Oregon, who were
his neighbors, friends, and constituents in Illi-
nois.
These considerations, Mr. President, cause us
to appreciate the melancholy fact that we have
been deprived of a patron, friend, and benefactor..
We are sadly conscious that our friend has fallen;
and those of us who recognized him as our
party chieftain, and were proud to award him the
position in politics and statesmanship which his
great Scottish namesake once held as the gallant
leader of his clansmen in war, can hardly realize
that we have listened to his slogan for the last
time.
Inexorable death has paralyzed that gigantic
intellect, but the memory of its noble achieve-
ments will never die; and millions yet unborn,
while struggling with adversity, will be pointed lo
his noble career as a beacon light to guide them
in the pathway of honorable usefulness and patri-
otic renown.
" In stilly thought, and in bewildering fight,
A cloud by day, a pillar'd flame by night,
He'll point lis onward, onward to the goal;
Leading on legions with his vast control;
Implanting truth, the idol of his soul."
In ourpresent unfortunate difficultiesMr. Doug-
las rose above the partisan; and early in the last
session, just after a heated political contest, he
voluntarily declared that bygones with him should
be forgotten, while his energies were devGted to
the preservation of the Union which he loved so
well. He resorted to every honorable expedient
to avert from his country the horrors of sectional
strife, and the shedding of fraternal blood, until
forbearance ceased to be a virtue, and until trea-
son, with unparalleled audacity, threatened the
very existence of the Government. It was then
that he appealed in patriotic language to the gal-
lant sons of his own State and the great North-
west to rally in defense of the Union, the Consti-
tution, and the laws, though under the adminis-
tration of a President whose advent to power he
.had opposed with all the'energy of his mighty
intellect. Less patriotic partisans have been
known, while smarting under defeat, to contribute
to the overthrow of a Government which they
weie not permitted to administer. By his volun-
tary acts he furnished the strongest possible evi-
dence that with him the preservation of the Union
and the Constitution were paramount to ail other
considerations. His memory will be held in rev-
erence so long as the history of our Government
is preserved, and while a single human mind is
imbued with a belief in the capacity of man for
self-government.
It is a source of gratification to know that the
manly courage and heroic fortitude which so emi-
nently characterized our friend in life, did nft for-
sake him in the hour of his greatest trial. A con-
sciousness of his own rectitude of purpose during
a well-spent life inspired him with the courage
to meet the inevitable fate which awaits us all,
and to look with composure upon the valley and
shadow of death.
Mr. President, in common with the people of
Oregon, I mourn the loss of our benefactor. As
a humble member of a powerful political organi-
zation, in common with thousands, I mourn the
loss of ourgallant chieftain andparty leader,under
whose proud banner we fought and followed in
the forlorn hope.
I mourn the loss of the kind-hearted,generous,
and noble personal friend who gave me counsel
and advice. Yet .more, I mourn the irreparable
loss which the nation and the Union sustain in
being deprived of the patriotic counsels of his
heart in this the hour of our greatest peril.
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, I appear
here as the successor of one who was long a dis-
tinguished member of this very distinguished
body, and who, since your last adjournment, has
finished his course on earth, and crossed the mys-
tic boundary which separates time from eternity.
The melancholy duty of announcing the death
of Hon. Stephen A. Douglas has already been
impressively performed by my colleague. I de-
sire to say how truly Illinois, the loved State of
his adoption, deplores his loss, and how pro-
foundly the nation participates in the bereavement.
For many years past, the life of Senator Doug-
las has been intimately and thoroughly identified
with the history of the United States. His was
a prominent and conspicuous part in the great
drama of human affairs, and he associated his
name, for good or evil, with every great measure
of the last decade affecting the interests and for-
tunes of our country. During that time, no Amer-
ican statesman filled a larger space in the public
mind—none maintained a stronger hold upon the
affections of his friends. A vigorous and capa-
cious intellect of great versatility and exhaustless
resources, an indomitable and exacting wi 11, which
subordinated, or sought to subordinate, all others
to its control; a copious eloquence, distinguished
more for strength and earnestness than for grace
and beauty—addressing itself to the intellect more
than to the sentiments—combined with a physical
organization capable of great endurance and un- '
