1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
Services would seem to have been most needed in
the'great cause of human rights, he has been cut
down by the fiat of that wisdom which never
errs.
That he had extraordinary endowments, no one
will deny; and whatever contrariety of opinion
may exist as to the influence of his political pol-
icy and measures upon the destiny of the nation,
the verdict of posterity, the judgment of history,
will be, that he went down with his patriotism
ifnseduced, and with no stain upon his loyalty.
Henceforth his name is indissolubty connected
with his country's history. Many will esteem
the pages which chronicle his deeds as among the
brightest in our annals. All the just and good
will bend reverently over the records of his
closing career.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, to the af-
fectionate praises of friends, and the magnani-
mous eulogies of rivals, I hope it will not be
deemed presumptuous if I add a few remarks from
one who sustained towards the subject of these
resolutions the relations of personal friendship
and of political antagonism.
I first met Mr. Douglas soon after he had taken
his seat in this body, in whose debates and delib-
erations he had already begun to hold a leading
part, and with whose history his name has since
been so closely identified. The frank cordiality
of his manners, the unaffected kindness of his
heart, the directness of his speech, and the readi-
ness with which lie declared himself upon all the
questions of the day, made upon me that favor-
able impression which a more intimate acquaint-
ance strengthened and confirmed.
It is not my purpose to follow his public career,
or to enlarge upon the qualities of nis character.
That grateful office has already been performed.
But I have often thought that in his indomitable
energy and will, in the sturdy self-reliance of his
character, in his early development, and in his
rapid march to success, he was no unfitting type
of the American character. As a debater. Con-
gress has aiTorded to him very few equals, either
in this Chamber, or in the other House, vvhorr
his earlier honors were won. Inexhaustible in
resources, fierce and audacious in attack, skill-
ful and ingenious in defense, he parried every
thrust, and he struck with irresistible fury at the
weak point of his adversary. He was a party
man, but he loved his country better than his
party; and in the crisis which darkened the coun-
try in his latter days, he rose to the full height of
the occasion, and appeared in tin? full proportions
of an American Senator. His last utterances were
for the Union; his last aspiration was for his coun-
try; nor is that country unmindful of his renown
or ungrateful for his services. In the perils of
civil commotion, and amidst the shock of fraternal
strife, she pauses to weep at his tomb.
That voice to which we have so often listened
with earnest attention, upon which these crowded
galleries have hung hour after hour with unwearied
delight, is hushed forever; and that home, so late
the scene of genial and graceful hospitality, is
shrouded in gloom: and to those who sit in its
chambers of darkness, it seems that joy can never
again cross its threshhold. To them I dare not
address myself, for I well know that, at this time,
the idea of consolation would seem almost like
wrong to the dead, and that upon their ears words
of tenderest sympathy would fall almost with the
harshness of insult, But, Mr. President, you and
1 know that, in the good providence of God, time,
the healer, will come to them, as it comes to all,
and that what is now a bitter anguish will come
to be a chastened sorrow, softened by the recol-
lection of his greatness and his fame, consoled by
the honors which the American people will pay
to his memory.
The resolutions were adopted nem. con.; and
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesi>ay, July 9, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain} Rev, Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
NATIONAL LOAxN".
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to submit a report
from the Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. The business in order is the
call of committees for reports.
Mr. STEVENS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report to the House,
with the recommendation that it do pass, a bill to
authorize a national loan, and for other purposes.
Mr* 1BUKNETT. " What does the getitteman
propose to do with the bill when it is introduced ?
Mr. STEVENS. To have it referred to the
Committeeofthe Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
_ Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. There is no objec-
tion to the introduction of the bill.
The bill was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and orderedJ,o be printed.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the bill be made
the special order for to-morrow after the morning
hour.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I make the point
of order that, under the rules, nothing but an ap-
propriation bill can be made a special order ex-
cept by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
PAY OF VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill to provide for the pay-
ment of the militia and volunteers called into ser-
vice of the United States by proclamation of the
President, dated April, 1861, from the time tliey-
were called into service until the 30th day of Juried
1861; which was read a first and second time, j
The bill appropriates for the purpose desig-
nated the sum of $6,000,000, or as much thereof
as may be necessary. j
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I ask the Houje
by unanimous consent to put this bill on its pas-
sage. It merely provides the money necessaiy
to pay the soldiers the amount now due them, f I
understand that there is great suffering amoiig
them for the want of immediate payment of the
few months' pay just due them. This is the only
means by'which that pay can be given to them.
I know myself that some of the volunteers are
suffering because they have not been paid.
Mr.VALLANDIGHAM. Ipresumethatthere
is no objection to the bill at all.
Mr. BURNETT, I do not propose to object
to it. I am fully satisfied that the House will pass
this bill; yet in justice to myself I cannot refrain
from announcing my opposition to the whole sys-
tem and scries of loan measures inaugurated by
this Administration.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mi. STEVE^TH moved lo i econsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXCUSED FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask that
the House will unanimously excuse mc from serv-
ing on the Committee of Elections, as well as from
serving on the Committee on Expenditures in the
Treasury Department. I do this in entne respect
to the House, and for reasons personal to my-
self. I hope the House will unanimously excuse
me.
There being no objection, Mr. Campbell was
accordingly excused from both committees.
DUTIES UPON IMPORTS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill fmther to piovide for
the collection of duties upon imports, and for
other purposes; whieh was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and recommitted to
the Committee on Commerce.
NATIONAL LOAN.
Mr. STEVENS. I now give notice that to-
morrow, after the morning hour, I will call up
the bill to authorize a national loan.
REMISSION OF FINES AND PENALTIES.
Mr. WASHBURNE, from the Committee on
Commerce, also reported a bill authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to remit fines and pen-
alties incurred in certain cases, regulating the
compensation of certain surveyors of the customs,
and for other purposes; together with a communi-
cation transmitted to the said committee from the
Treasury Department. ■ '
The bill was read a first and second time, ar>3
recommitted to the Committee on Commerce, and,
together with the communication, ordered to be
printed.
CODE 03? MARINE SIGNALS.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill to provide for the introduc-
tion of a code of marine signals, adapted for secret
service, and for the use of dispatch vessels, trans-
ports, military stations, and vessels sailing under
convoy; which was read a first and second time,
recommitted to the Committee on Commerce,and
ordered to be printed.
FORFEITURE 03? PIRATICAL YESSELS.
Mr. SHEFFIELD, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported the following resolutions
Resolved, That tho Committee on Commerce be, and
they are hereby,, instructed to inquire whether any, and if
any, what, further legislation isneeessaiy to secure* the for-
feiture and condemnation ot piratical vessels seized under
the authority of the United States; with leave to report by
hill or otherwise.
Mr. BURNETT. Has that matter been re-
ferred to that committee* by the action of this
House?
The SPEAKER. That part of the President's
message and accompanying documents which
referred to that subject was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
The resolution was agreed to.
PRINTING THE MESSAGE.
Mr. WALTON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed tor the use of the House
twenty-five thousand copics of the message of the Presi-
dent of the United States and the accompanying docu-
ments.
The committees having been called through,
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the next busi-
ness in order, to call the States for resolutions.
MILEAGE.
Mr. LOOMIS offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That tho Committee qn Mileage be, and they
are hereby, instructed to ascertain the distance by the usual
mail joute from the post office of each Representative in
Congress to tho city of Washington, and report the same to
the Sergeant-at-Arms, as the distance for which each
member shall receive pay as mileage.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a point of order.
That resolution is excluded by the resolution
adopted yesterday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
ST. DOMINGO—SPAIN.
. Mr. COX introduced the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States, if
compatible with the public service, communicate to this
lions'3 any cnircsspondence which our Government has
had with the Government of .Spam in reference to the in-
corporation of the Dominican tcintory with the Spanish
monmchy ; and what piotc^t, if any, our Government lias
made against the insolent and aggressive conduct of the
Spanish Government.
DISTRIBUTION OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. BLAKE offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the standing Committee on the Library
be instructed to mqune into the expediency of having all
public documents of the Thirty-Sixth and Thirty-Seven^)
Congie&sus, distributed to members of Congte&s from the
loyal States, and report by bill oi otherwise.
Mr. MALLORY. Are not all these resolutions
out of order?
The SPEAKER. They are in order under the
call of the States for resolutions.
Mr. MALLORY. Then I raise the point of
order that this resolution is not in order, under
the resolution adopted by the House yesterday,
in reference to the business of the House.
ThcSPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order, and rules the resolution out.
THE IIOUR RULE.
Mr* ASHLEY offered the following resolution:
Resolved. That iule 60 (known as iho one hour rule) be
hereby lescinded for the residue of the pie^ent session,
and that no mcmfoei be permitted to occupy more titbit live
minutes in debate on any question before the IIou«e or in
committee ; nut a member repotting a measure under con-
sideiation from a committee may open and eiose the debate.
