'82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9.
Mr. COX. I raise the point of order that the
resolution is not in order, under the resolution
passed by tiie House yesterday.
The SPEAKER. The Chaic thinks the point
of order not well taken.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I make the point
of order that the resolution changes the rules of
the House. The rules cannot be'changed yith-
out one day's notice.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. ASHLEY. Then I give notice that to-
morrow I shall introduce the resolution.
CAPTURE, ETC., OP FUGITIVE SLAVES.
Mr. LOYEJOY introduced the following reso-
lution; and called the previous question upon the
same:
Resolved, That, in the judgment of this House, It is no
part ot' the duty ot' the soldiers of ttte United States to cap-
lure and vetuui fugitive slaves.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to lay that resolu-
tion upon the table; and upon that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
Mr. DIVEN. 1 rise to a point of order. It is,
that that question was passed upon yesterday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. NIXON. I rise to a point of order. It is,
that tlie resolution is excluded by the resolution
which was adopted yesterday.
Mr. CURTIS. The resolution of yesterday
admits only bills and resolutions concerning the
military and naval operations of the Government.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks the consent
of the House to have the rule which was adopted
yesterday read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
" Resolved, That the House, during the present cxtraor-
dinaiy session, will only conMfitJi bills and ie>o!utions con-
cerning iho miiitmy ami naval operations of the Govern-
ment, and the limuieial a flairs ilirrewnli connected, and
gonoial que^uona <>i a judicial character."
Mr. STRATTON. I submit that the resolu
tion haa nothing whatever to do with the military
operations of the Government.
The SPEA LCER. The Clniir decides, accord-
ing to his judgment, that the resolution adopted
yesterday would not exclude this resolution; and
he desires to call the attention of the. House now
to the difficulty in winch the Chair is placed in
construing everything which is offered in accord-
ance with that resolution. It is a new rule; but
the Chair ovcnulrs the point of order.
Mr. CARLlLb'. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Mallory] to with-
draw his motion for a moment, in order that 1
may submit an amendment, which I will read for
information.
The SPKAKER. The previous question has
been demanded, and an amendment would not be
in order.
Mr. STRATTON. I mean no disrespect to
the Chair; but J .on eompelhd to take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. IIUTC1IINS. I move to lay the appeal
on the table.
The motion was agreed to; and the appeal was
laid on the table.
The question recurred on the motion to lay the
resolution on the table, on which the yeas and
nays had been ordered.
The question was put; and it was decidcd in
tl^e negative—yeas G(), nays 81; as follows:
yr.AS—Messis. Alien, Aneona, Appletmi, Joseph Haily,
llnrnclf, Calvert, C.ultle, Cobb, Cooper, Cox, Cwiven*,
Cn.-Jield, Crittenden, Delano, Jhven, Dunlap, Edwards,
Elj, Unylisli, Fi-hei, Fouke, Cnder, Uaiylit, Harding,
lioim.ti), Jackson, Johnson, Willuim Kellogg, Killmgm,
Law, hazco-, Lehman. Logan, MeCJouiand. Mel'hei^on,
Malloi\, Menzies, MonK, iVivm, Noble, Nocll, Nugeri,
Odeil, I'atfon. <;eoi<;e H. J'endleton, lYiry, Alexandei II.
Jisce, Jiiehai.l.-on, Jtolunaon, 8heiik*Id, Smith, John J3.
Steele, William Steele, Str.itton, Fiancis Thomas, Up-
ton, Vallandi<d>am, H'atkworth, Waul, Webster, Wha-
ley, Chilton A. Wime, WicklUiV, Wood, Woodnilf, and
Wii«ht—Ufi
NAYS—Messrs. Alducii, Arnold, Ashley. Goldsmith F.
Bailey, JJaLer, Uavtei, [ieaiiian, liinghajn, Fiancis p. Blair,
Samuel S IJlair, Make, Hudmtoi), Campbi.II, Cliauibcil.un,
Amhio>e W ClaiksColi',iv. Fiedenek A Couklmg,iioscoe
Coiiklma, Conway, Covode. Cutler, Davis, Dawen, DuelL
Dunn, Ed e'ton,Eiiot5 Fesseuden, Franchot, Cooeh, Gian-
gcr. Cm ley, Hale, H<uiehtMt, llarn&on, Hickman, Iioiton,
liuiclniH, Juiian, Kelley, Fiance W. KeJlow, Laiibing,
Loomif, Liovejoy, Melveaa, Mitchell, Moorhead, Anson
J . Mot all, Justin ri. Momll, Ollu, Pike, Pomeroy, Porter,
rOltei, Kiddle, Bdwuid II. llolhns, Sedgwick, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Sherman, Sloan, Spaukling, Stevens, Benja-
min F. Tlmmas, Tfcaycr, Train, Trimble, Tiowbridge,
Vandever, Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Van Wyck, Ver-
reo, Wall, Wallace, Chailes'W. Walton, E. P. Walton,
Washburne, Wheeler, Albert S. White, and Worces-
ter—8i.
So the House refused to lay the resolution qii
the table.
During the vote,
Mr. AXrfLEY stated that he should have voted
in the negative had he been in his seat when his
name was called.
Mr. CARLILE. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois who introduced the resolution to with-
draw his call for the previous question, in order
that I may propose an amendment to his resolu-
tion. I will renew the call.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I must decline to do so.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. CARL1LE. I demand the yeas and nays
upon ordering the main question. I want to see
if this resolution is to be put through this House
under the spur of the previous question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decidcd in
the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 55; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Goldsmith F. Bailey, Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Bingham,
Fiancis P. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Buffinton,
Campbell, Chamberlain, Ambrose W.Claik, Colfax, Fred-
erick A. Conklinjr, ltoscoe Conkhng, Conway, Covode,
Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Piveii, Duell, Dunn, Ed-
gcrton, Ed\vaid&, Eliot, Ely, Fchscndcn, Fianchot, Fiank,
Gooeh, Granger, Gurley, Hale, Hickman, Hutch ins, Jul but,
Kelley, Francis W. KeIlo ij, Kilhnger, Lansing, Loonns,
Lovejoy, McKeau, McXMierson, Mitchell, Mooihead, An-
son P. Morrill, Justin S. Morrill, Olin, Patton, 1'ikc, Pom-
eroy, Poiter, Potter, Alexander II, Rice, John II. Rice,
Riddle, Edward II. Rollins, Sedgwick, Shanks, Shella-
bargei, Sherman, Sloan, Spaukling, Stevens, Stiatton,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Thayer, Tram, Tumble, Trow-
bildge, Vandever, Van Horn, Van Valkeubuigh, Van
Wyck, Verree, Wall, Wallace, Charles* W. Walton, E. P.
Walton, Washburno, Wheeler, Albert S, White, Wuidoni,
and Worcester—9-2.
NAYS—Mosms. Allen, Aneona, Joseph Baily, Binnctt,
Calvert, Cathie, Cobb, Coopei, Cox, Ciaveiih, Outfield,
(Crittenden, Dunlap, Emdi'di, 1-Vntrm, Fisher, Fouke, Gri-
de r, Haiglu, Harding, llolnian, Horton, Jackt>on, Johnson,
William" Kcllo™, Law, Lazear, fiOgan, iMcClernand, 3Ial-
lory, iMenzies, illon h, Nixon, Noble, Nocll, Nugen, George
II. Pendleton, itichardson, Robniaon, Slieliield, Smith,
John H. Steele, William G. Steele, Fiancis Thonia«, Up-
ton, Vallandigham, WadMvorili, Waid, Webstei, Wha-
h\v, Chilton A. Wiiite, Wickhlle, Wood, WoodruiV, and
Wright—55.
So the main question was ordered to be put.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
resolution.
Mr. LOGAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 93, nays 55; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahhieb,Alhu, Arnold. Ashley, Babbitt,
Coldsmith F. B.nlej, B.ik« r, Ba\tei, Beumnif, Bingham,
Ftaneis P. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Butimton-, Camp-
bell, Chainbeilain, Ambrose W. Clark, Coltax, Fiedenck
A. Conkling, Ro>coe (Jonklmg, Conway, Covode, Cntlei,
Davis, Dawcv, Delano, Diven, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton,
Edwaids, Kliot, Ely. Feimm, Fevenden, Franchot, Frank,
Gooeh,Ciangei,Curicy, Hale, Mickinan, 11 utchms, Julian,
Kellev, Fiancis W. Kellogg, Kilhnger, Lansing, Ijoonn^,
Lovejoy, Mcl\>:m, McPheison,Mitchell, Moorhead, Anson
P. Moinll, Justin S. Morrill, Olm, l'atton, Pike, Pomerov,
Porter, Potter, Alexander II. Rice, John II. Rice, Riddle,
Edvvaid II. Rollins, Sedgwiek, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sher-
man, Sloan, Spauhhng, Stevens, Stiatton, Beniamin F.
Thomas, Thayer, Tiam, Tumble, Trowbridge, Vandever,
Van lloin, Van Valkenburgh, Van Wyck, Verrec, Wall,
Wallace, Chailes W Walton, E P. Walton, Washburne,
Wheeler, Albert S. White, Wmdom, and Worcestei—93.
NA\S—Me>srs. Allen, Aneona, Joseph Baily, Biunett,
Calverr, Catlile, Cobb, Cooper, Cox, Cravens, Cusfichlj
Ciittenden, Dunlap, English, Fisher, Fonke,Gilder, llaigbt,
Ilarduig, Holman, Horton, Jackson, Johnson, William
Kellogg, Law, Lazear, Logan, MeClernand, MalIoiy,Men-
zie«, Morris, Nixon, Noble, Nocll, Nugen, Udell, George II.
Pendleton, RiehnuKon, Uobnivon, Shellield, Smith, John
B. Steele, William G. Steele. Fiancis Thomas, Upton, Val-
landigham, Wad.-wmtl., Ward, Webstei, Whaiey, Chilton
A. White, Wicklille, Wood, Woodinff, and Wright—55.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
  SERVICE ON COMMITTEES.
Mr. WASHBUKJN"E. I rise to a privileged
question. 1 move to reconsider the vote by which
the House excused the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Curtis] from seivice on the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Hickman] from service on the Judiciary
Committee; and that they take the places on thos&
committees to which they were appointed. *
The motion to rcconsider was agreed to.
The question then recurred on excusing the
above named gentlemen, and the House refused
to excuse them.
DEATH OF HON. STEPHEN A. DOUGLAS.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey,its ActingSecretary,communicating
to the House the resolutions passed by the Sen-
ate upon the announcement of the death of Hon.
Stephen A. Douglas, late a Senator from the
State of Illinois.
The message from the Senate was read,as fol-
lows:
In Senate of the Unitfd Statfs,
July 9, 1861.
Resolved unanimously, That the members of the Senate,
from a sincere dcsiie ot* showing every mark ot* respect due
to Vaq memory of Hon. Stephen A. Douglas, deceased",
late a Senator liom the State of Illinois, will go into mourn-
ing by wearing ciape on tlie left arm for thirty days.
Resolved unanimously, That as an additional mark of re-
spect for the memory of Hon. Stephen A. Douglas, de-
ceased, the Senate do now adjourn.
Ordered, That the Secrotaiy communicate these resolu-
tions to the House of Representatives.
Attest: W. HICKEY,
Jlcting Secretary.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Speaker, the res-
olutions which have been read at your table are
the official notice to this House of an event which
was known to each of us, and mourned by the
country.
Stephen A. Douglas, late a Senator in Con-
gress from the State of Illinois, died at Chicago,
the city of his residence, on the 3d of June last,
in the forty-ninth year of his age.
After suffering for several weeks from sick-
ness, which baffled the skill of the most eminent
physicians in the land, he passed away without
pain. During his entire sickness, his fond and
affectionate wife was present to cheer his hopes
and sooth his suffering. Neither skill nor affec-
tion could stay the hand of death. The Great
Author of ourbeing had " appointed his bounds"
that he could "not pass."
"VVe have, in the time of our need, lost one of
our greatest statesmen and purest patriots. In
the midday of his manhood, in the midst of his
usefulness, Mr. Douglas has descended to the
grave. His sun of life has set forever. It fell
from its meridian splendor. No twilight obscured
its setting.
As the sun of the physical world—the bright-
est and grandest of all the luminaries of the firm-
ament—sinks to rest, tinging the clouds that
stretch along the horizon with the golden glories
of its declining rays, so Douglas, the sun-intel-
lect of the Senate and the nation, has gone to his
repose, reflecting the light of his great deeds and
acts in the legislation of the country, and tinging
(lie dark clouds that now obscure our political
horizon with the beauty and effulgence of that
patriotism which illumined his descent to the
tomb.
But a short time agoanation's eyes were turned
to him to point the way for his country to escape
the dangers which threatened its destruction; and
when he was prostrated by sickness a nation's
prayers ascended to Heaven that he might be
spared to his country
Arriving at the age when ardor gives way to
prudence, his friends, with cheerful hope, looked
to his future with confidence that he would be
useful to the nation and the age.
Of all the men that have gone to the tomb, none
have realized m full their own wishes or fulfilled
the expectations of their fellow-men. Judge Doug-
las adds another to the general list.
It is difficult to realize that we are no more to
hear his voice, either in the popular assemblies or
in the Senate, with his clear statement and rigid
logic, urging either the masses or enlightened
Senators to adopt measures to preserve the Gov-
ernment and uphold the Constitution.
For eighteen years, upon all the questions that
agitated the public mind and elicited debate, his
voice has been heard—his influence felt. What-
ever in his judgment would advance the public
good, augment national renown, strengthen the
bonds of the Union, secure tlxe rights of all the
people, give to future generations the blessings of
the Constitution as formed by our fathers, re-
ceived the support of his untiring will and great
intellect.
