1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
appreciated. Glorious in life, ho was also glo-
rious in the extremity of death. Who bat those
who were present with him during his last days
can tell how many sublime expressions fell from
his emphatic lips as he lay upon his last bed?
With what patience and resignation did he bear
the torture of a,protracted illness! With what
calmness did he hear the warning of his approach-
ing doom ! With what solemnity, as he paused
in the shadow of the coming gloom of the grave,
did he murmur the awful words, " death ! death !
death !" With what simple sublimity of natural
feeling did he ask to be raised on his pillow, that,
like the German pqpt, he might for the last time
admire the face of nature! What unutterable
thoughts must have flashed across his prophetic
mind as he thus surveyed the surrounding pros-
pect !
Before him lay the great lake, solemn, silent,
and calm—like that great ocean on which he must
sail so soon, reflecting the sublime serenity of that
Heaven on which his soul reposed in trembling
hope. There lay the groves and prairies in all
their floral beauty and variegated verdure. There,
like a young queen viewing her charms in the
smooth mirror of the lake, rose the city of Chicago,
which he had honored as the place of his abode,
and which, so young so full of promise and of
hope, in that solemn moment, silently and grate-
fully acknowledged the dying patriot as her chief
benefactor.
Who can read without emotion of his last leg-
acy to his dear children, when, like the father of
the infant Hannibal, leading him to the altar to
swear eternal enmity to his countiy's foes, he
said with his last breath: "Tell them to obey the
laws, and defend the Constitution." Oh, what
a commentary on his life of patriotic devotion !
Love of country, the leading passion of his soul,
tiiumphed even in the embrace of death. The last
faint words of Napoleon, " Tete d'JIrmee," be-
tokened a spirit still busy with the work of ambi-
tion; but the last words ofDoucLAs disclosed the
exalted principles of the patriot and statesman.
May his countrymen ever lemember his dying
counsels, and so well maintain the Constitution
which he loved, that, by the reunion of the divided
members of our Republic, they who drew from
his noble life so many political blessings, may re-
ceive a great benefit even from his lamented and
untimely death!
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. Speaker, I have
only a few words to say. Another of the great
men of our country has passed away. Since the
last adjourn mailt of Congress, a few months since,
the honorable Senator Douglas has fallen into
the grave. I do not stand here, sir, in imagin-
ation by the side of that grave, to use the lan-
guage of flattery. I do not rise, sir, for the pur-
pose of lavishing praises to his memory. That
will belong to the impartial history of his time.
When the history of this country shall be written,
recorded honors will cluster around his name.
Mr. Speaker, the death of Mr. Douglas struck
a heavy blow on the American heart; and his
memory is embalmed m the hearts of his country-
men. I have witnessed few occasions, in the
course of my life, when there has been any greater
exhibition of public sorrow.
Sir, I was well acquainted with Mr. Douglas.
We were kept apart for a long period of the time
that we both served in the national councils, by
our political differences. But for the last four or
five years of Mr. Douglas's life we were asso-
ciated personally and politically, and I had an
opportunity of becoming well acquainted with the
man; and in all my intercourse of an intimate
character with him, while we agreed in politics
and acted together, I found him to be an honora-
ble and patriotic man, disinterested and noble m
his patriotism, and ready to sacrifice his personal
interests for the good of his country. This lean
testify from my knowledge of his character. Mr.
Douglas was an extraordinary and remarkable
man. Not favored by fortune in the earlier peri-
ods of his life, belonging, as 1 understand, to the
humble but worthy class of the mechanic, he
raised himself by ins own exertions to the high
position which he occupied. It seemed to me
that Mr. Douglas's mind expanded with his in-
creasing elevation; and I know of no man in this
country now left who is better entitled to the de-
nomination of statesman than was Mr. Douglas
at the time of his death. He was honest, gener-
ous, patriotic in all his actions and purposes.
He was ambitious; but he sought to attain emi-
nence by public services. There have been times
when I thought less favorably of him. But my
opportunities of knowing him better enabled me
to correct my error in regard to his character;
and I speak but what I truly believe when I bear
this testimony to his worth. His mindexpanded
and improved step by step as he advanced in
life; and his country sustained a great loss in his
death, at a time like this, when it is surrounded
by peril and disaster.
I know of no man who might have been more
useful in this crisis. There are few who had so
much of the confidence of his countrymen, and
few who combined with it such a capacity for
making that confidence serviceable to his country.
His friends must derive a consolation from the
fact, that though he died when he had scarcely
passed the meridian of life, he died in the maturity
of his fame. That fame will survive him; and-
may it live long, in these Halls of Congress, to
elevate and enoble the patriotism of his success-
ors in the great councils of the Republic. Such a
death can hardly be regarded as a misfortune to
the sufferers.
We cannot fail to remember, on this occasion,
the bereaved wife of Mr. Douglas; but her sor-
rows are sacred, and we dare not obtrude upon her
our vain words of consolation. The good God,
that " tempers the wind to the shorn lamb," will
comfort and take care of the afflicted widow.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker,Ohio is not soparated
from Kentucky, either in the estimate of Judge
Douglas which has been so eloquently pronounced
by the distinguished statesman [Mr. Crittenden]
who has just taken his seat, or in the grief which
has been expressed for the premature closing of his
illustrious career. That career closed with the
opening of this eventful summer. It abounded
in friendships, services, and ambitions. It ended
while he was enjoying the tumult of universal
acclaim, and when all felt the need of its continu-
ance. Labor paused in its toil, bankers shut
their offices and merchants their stores, lawyers
and judges adjourned their courts, ministers added
new fervor to prayer, partisans united in hushed
regret, and soldiers draped the flag in crape, to
bear their part in the great grief of the nation.
He died in the midst of the people who had hon-
ored him for a genei ation; in tnc city whose growth
. had been fostered by his vigilance; in the State
I whose prairies were familiar to his eye from ear-
liestma hood;and in thatgrcatNorthwest, whose
commercial, agricultural, physical, and imperial
greatness was the pride of his heart and the type
of his own character. There was in him a quick
maturity of growth, a fertility of resource, and a
sturdniess of energy, which made his life the mi-
crocosm of that great section with which he was
so closely identified.
That mind which had few equals and that will
which had no conqueror, save in the grave, were
at last wrung from his iron frame. It is hard to
believe that he lies pulseless in his sepulcher at Cot-
tage Grove. It is sad to feel that the summer wind
which waves the grass and flowers of his loved
prairies has, in its low wail, an elegy to the de-
parted statesman. Well migln the waters of the
lake, just before his death, us if premonitory of
some "great sacrifice, swell in mysterious emotion.
These poor panegyrics, from manuscript and
mcmoiy, fail to express the loss which those feel
who knew him best. One would wish for the
eloquence of Bossuet, or the muse of Spenser or
Tennyson, to toll, in the poetry of sorrow, the
infinite woe which would wreak itself upon ex-
pression.
For weeks the public have mourned him as a
loss so grievous as to be irreparable in this trying;
time of the Republic. The lapse of time only adds
to the weight of the bereavement. The tears
which fell around his bedside and on his bier still
Weep a loss forever new.'5
With every passing day we turn, but turn in vain,
to catch his hopeful tone, his discriminating judg-
ment, his philosophic foresight, and his courageous
patriotism. They only come to us in memory
and in mourning. His lifls are sealed; his eye
is dim; liis brain is shrouded; his heart is still;
and the nation stands with throbbing heart at liis
grave. " His virtue is treasured in our hearts;
his death is our despair." It is no mere cere-
monial, therefore, that the national Legislature, in
whose counsels he has taken so prominent a part, -
should pause, even in extraordinary session, to
bestow that homage which friendship, intellect,
and patriotism, ever offer to the truo man, the
gifted soul, and the enlightened statesman.
Judge DoCglas struggled into greatness, He
had no avenue to honor except that which was
open to all. The power and patronage which
aided him, he created; and the wealth which he
made and spent so freely, came from no ancestral
hand. Part teacher and part cabinet maker, he
left-the East for the ruder collisions of border life.
There he grew up under the adversities which
strengthened him into a vigorous and early matu-
rity. His own manhood soon made itself felt.
He became the political necessity of his State.
He filled many of its most important offices be-
fore he became nationally known. The Demo-
cratic people of the Union were soon attracted to
him. As early as 1848 they began to think of
him as their candidate for President; while, in
1852, the Democratic Review ^hailed him as the
coming man; a man who had no grandfather or
other incident of biographical puffery; as one
whose genealogical tree had been sawed up; as
a graduate from the university of the lathe; as
one with the materials, the mind, and the energy
to shape, fashion, and make enduring, a platform
of his own.
No notice of Stephen A. Douglas is complete
which does not remark upon the singular mag-
netism of his personal presence, the talismamc
touch of his kindly hand, the gentle amenities
of his domestic life, and the ineradicable clasp .
of his friendships. It may not be improper to
refer to the fact that I was one among the many
young men of the West who were bound to him
by a tie of friendship and a spell of enthusiasm
which de ith has no power to break. These are
the pearls beneath the rough shell of his political
life. There are many here who will understand
me, when I recall the gentle tone and the cordial
greeting with which he used to woo and win and
hold the young partisans of his faith, and the
warm promoters of his success. Ever ready with
his counsel, his means, and his energies, he led
them as much by the persuasiveness of his heart
as the logic of his head. The same gentle de-
meanor which fondled his children and taught
them a beauty of manners beyond all praise, the
same pure respect and tenderness with which he
treated his noble wife and companion, silvered
the cords of attachment which bound his friends
to him, and made his home at Washington and
his sojourns elsewhere recollections as sweet as
memory can embalm.
While others bear testimony to his moral hero-
ism, intellectual prowess, fixedness of principle,
and unstained patriotism, it scetns that his spirit,
if ithovers over this scene of his obsequies, would
receive with purest delight these tributes of
friendly affection. 1 recall in my own experience,
which runs with unbroken association of friend-
ship with him from the first year of my political
life, many of his acts of unselfish devotion; many
words outspoken to the public, which the mere
designingpolitician would nothave uttered; many
tendeis of aid and counsel, which were the more
grateful because unsought, and the more service-
able because they came from liim. It is one of
the felicities of my life that I have been the recip-
ient of his kindness and confidence; and that the
people whom I represent were cherished by him,
as he was by them, with the steadfastness of un-
alloyed devotion.
It was his pleasure very often to sojourn m the
capital city of Ohio, where, regardless of party,
the people paid him the respect due to his char-
acter and services. Among the last of the asso-
ciations which he had with Ohio was his address,
a few weeks before his death, to tho people at its
capital, on the invitation of the State Legislature.
His stirring tones still thrill on the air, protesting
for tho right and might of the Great West to
egress through our rivers and highways to the
sea against all hostile obstruction, and for the
maintenance of the Government, threatened by
the great revolution which yet surrounds us.
His last utterance was the fit climax of a life
devoted to the study of this Government, and of
a patriotism which never swerved from its love
for the Union. It was worth whole battalions of
