THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
don, Rutland county, Vermont, on the 23d day of
April, 1813. Then, more than now, that was a
rural town; and though the father was a physician
of good culture and in high repute, by his early
death his son was left to those privileges only
which the poorest can command, and he spent
more than one third of his brief, but eventful life,
attending the winter district school, and laboring
steadily during the remainder of his time upoh a
farm and in a mechanic's shop. A single year of
academical studies, being the eighteenth year of
. his life, and the year in which he received his
bent and fixed his future professional career, com-
pleted the preparation given according to the then
common usage"of Vermont. It was no mean
preparation; for, allowing all that may be due to
the peculiar qualities of the man—tohiskeen and
powerful intellect, his unyielding will, and that
audacity of bravery which distinguished him in
every conflict—it was in his case peculiarly true,
that "the boy waS"father to the man;" that the
bent acquired in his youth, from the institutions
and influences which surrounded him, marked
him for life. -
The town in which he was born, like every
other in Vermont, and indeed each of the many
school districts in the town, was an independent
corporation for its appropriate purposes, with
what, in strict propriety, may be called legisla-
tive powers, such as taxation,and the regulation
of various matters of importance to the town and
district; and tho legislature of each was not a
representative body, but a pure democracy, in
which all the citizens met on equal terms and
with an equal right to free discussion and action.
These are privileges which touch the interests of
all, and therefore demand intelligence,and put to
practical and constant use the intellectual and
moral qualities of the people. The demand stim-
ulates the best supply to be attained, and by
books and newspapers, by public discussions and
fireside consultations, that supply is had. The
fruit is an independent, intelligent, and energetic
community, thoughtful of public affairs and fa-
miliarwith public duties; a community of which
every man may tender what he will to the com-
mon weal, and he will be sure to be weighed in
a just balance and counted for what he is worth.
From such a school—the same in kind from which
Vermont sends her sons and daughters through-
out the land—Stephen A. Douglas went out a
Democrat, as every native-born and bred Ver-
monter is a Democrat. I say it in the alrictest
and purest sense of the word, not in a party
sense, though in his case that was true; and I
have sometimes fancied that even then that chord
was strung which in later years sounded the ral-
lying cry of his party—"the freedom of the people
to regulate their domestic institution^m then-
own way." Atleust ho went out with*o doubt
of his own rights; strong in the liabit of self-reli-
ance; with a taste for public affairs, and an apti-
tude for public service tlmt was speedily and
fortunately tested, and bent upon that intellectual
culture which he had early learned to esteem as
the best foundation for success. Having contin-
ued his classical studies until he had completed
the usual college course, mingling with them the
study of the law, at twenty years of age he found
himself in Illinois,aschoolmnster; at twenty-one
lie was admitted to the bar of the supreme court
of that State; at twenty-two he was electcd
State's attorney; at twenty-three he entered the
Legislature as a member of the House; at twenty-
four he first entered tho service of the Federal
Government, as register of a land office; in his
twenty-seventh year he was appointed secretary
of the State of Illinois, but was speedily elevated
to the bench of the supreme court; in his thir-
tieth year he was electcd to Congress, wljere he
served until his thirty-third year, when he was
transferred from the House to the Senate of the
United States; and he was in his third term in
that body when, in his forty-seventh year, he
was nominated as the candidate of his party for
the highest office within the gift of the nation,
and stood second only in the choice of the people.
His career has been brilliant beyond all other
examples in our political history. Swift and un-
broken was his march from the obscurity of his
old rural home to the post of championship in the
Senate. Every step was triumphal; and every tri-
umph gave new confidence,courage, andstrength
for a larger endeavor and a more brilliant victory.
Never but once, and at the last, did he fail, as if
in him was to be the proof of the all Jbut divine in-
sight of the greatest poet of our race:
"Checks and disasters
Grow in the veins of actions highest rear'd."
No! not at the last. I recall the words. The
last trial was indeed his greatest victory. It has
been the boast of his friends that he was preem-
inently a party man; and he himself undoubted-
edly had the fullest faith in both the invincibility
and virtue of the party of which he had become
the recognized head. More than others, then, he
was the idol for party homage, and more than
others the target to receive the shafts of party pre-
judice and malignity. If this be true,sir, his last
conflict was with himself—his last victory the
noblest for his fame. The patriot conquered the
partisan. The last cry from his trumpet tongue
announced the supremacy of patriotism over par-
ty, and summoned the legions of his loyal friends
to the rescue of the country; and his dying mes-
sage to his children enjoined perpetual fidelity to
the Constitution and the Union. We mourn, then,
not'alone that a great man has fallen; we bring not
here alone the cheap offerings of personal or party
grief; we marshal not ourselves as friends and
foes, bound in common decency to suspend the
clash of conflict for the burial of the dead; but
bearing the heavy burden of a common woe, we
mingle our tears over a patriot's grave.
Mr. Speaker, it is for others, who have been
personal friends ofthc deceased, to utter the eulo-
gies and sorrows of friendship; for others, who
have have been his associates in public life, to do
justice to his public services; but for Vermont,
let me say, that to-day there has been, and there
can be, no measure of deserved praise that shall
not touch her pride, and no wail of unfeigned
sorrow that shall not reach her heart.
Mr. LAW. Mr. Sneaker, since the last meet-
ing of Congress, another great and good man, a
patriot and statesman, has been gathered to his
fathers. Year after year, as time rolls on, the
country has been called on to mourn tho loss of
her most eminent men. In a little more than
a decade, the Congress of the United States have
paid funeral honors to Adams, to Clay, and to
Webster—shining and bright lights in our polit-
ical firmament; and now wu are called to pay
the last tribute to another scarcely, if any, less
distinguished than those who have gone before
him.
Stephen A. Douglas, Senator from Illinois,
departed this life at Chicago, on the 3d of June
last. Born in Vermont, he emigrated to Illinois
in 1833, before he had reached the age of man-
hood. Emigrating, as I did, a number of years
before him, to the State of Indiana, locating on
its western borders, at Vincennc.s, and practicing
in my profession as a lawyer in the border coun-
ties of Illinois, I soon made his acquaintance. I
have known him long, and known him well for
a quarter'of a century; and during the whole of
that period wo have sustained towards each other
the most intimate and friendly relations. Con-
nected with him personally and politically for
many yeais, I think I have a knowledge of the
man which enables me to speak of him "the
words of truth and soberness."
In the great and exciting political canvass of
1840 we were together, and I think his friends
from Illinois who have a recollection of that can-
vass will confirm mc in saying that the zeal with
which Mr. Douglas entered into it, and the spirit
and energy with which he carried it on, gave the
vote of Illinois—and the only one given in all the
northwestern States—to the Democratic candi-
date. .
It is unnecessary for me to follow his career
from that time up to his death; it'forms a part,
and a large part, of the history of the country.
Suffice it to say that the poor and penniless lad who
made hisway,and for the most paitoufoot,from
the workshop in Brandon, Vermont, to the small
village of Winchester, in Illinois, where he kept
school for a living, and read law in the intervals-
of teaching, up to the period of his decease has
had and enjoyed a popularity with the masses of
the people, not only in his own State, but through-
out the Union, that no man, perhaps with one ex-
ception, ever possessed in this country. Stephen
A. Douglas was emphatically the " tribune of
the people." Elected to the Legislature in 1835,
presidential elector in 1840, judge of the supreme
court of Illinois in 1841, member of Congress in
1843, Senator in 1847, reelected in 1853, and again
in 1859, no man, in this country or any other,
without wealth or patronage, ever ran such a ca-
reer of honor or preferment. What an example
to the rising generation of young men ? What a
stimulus should it offer to the poor but talented
and ambitious lad, in a Government like ours,
that the path of fame and honor is as open to him
as to his more fortunate companion, having all
the advantages which wealth and position can
bestow I
Sir, I cannot concltfde what little I have to say
on this occasion, this national loss, without ex-
pressing my deep regret that the providence of
God has called him from the midst of us at this
mosteventful period of ournational history. My
firm belief and opinion is, that distracted and di-
vided as we are, broken into separate confeder-
acies, our Union endangered, engaged in a frat-
ricidal war, citizen againstcitizen, brother against
brother, that in the South as well as in the North,
in the slavtf States as well as in the free, in every
community where he was known—and where,
from the Atlantic to the Pacific, from the Ray of
Fundy to the Gulf of Mexico, was ho not known
and loved ?—the death of Stephen A. Docglas
is mourned and regretted. Why, sir, the very
men who are now the leaders in the unhappy con-
test waging against us—here,sir, in this very Hall,'
as well as m the other end of the Capitol—so long
as they remained true to the Constitution and the
Union, so long as they remained true and faithful
to the obligations they took as Senators and Rep-
resentatives of the United States, acknowledged
the purity of the man, the geniality of his tem-
per, the goodness of his heart, his high sense of
honor, his talents, his eloquence, his entire free-
dom from scctionality, his patriotism, his love of
country. Do you believe, sir, does any man be-
lieve, that treason and rebellion have so seared
their hearts, so perverted their understanding and
destroyed their feelings of gratitude, that they, ■
even now, amid the clash of arms and the clang of
battle, can forget the man who hazarded all, fame,
fortune, political distinction, elevation to the first
office in the gift of the Republic, loss of political
friends, power, popularity, in boldly and man-  
fully anu nobly standing up fqr all the rights
which tho South could claim constitutionally or
legally?
Sir, he hazarded all,he suffered all, because he
believed he was right; and that he was right, all
experience has proven. His doctrine of " non-
intervention by Congress with slavery in the Ter-
ritories" was the only safe solution of that excit-
ing question; and I rejoice to know that he lived
long enough to see the doctrine practically carried
out by a Republican Congress, in the territorial
admission of Nevada, Colorado, and Dacotah,at
the last session of Congress, without any restric-
tive clause upon the subject of slavery in the act
which admitted them. Sir, like the great patriot
and statesman who preceded him, and with whom
ho might be more justly compared than with any
other public man on this continent, Stephen A.
Douglas would "rather be right than be Presi-
dent."
Connected with the Democratic party of the
Northwest from hisvery entrance into public life,
he was the embodiment of that party, its very
type and model. Some of his political friends
there, who had been alarmed with the bold, strik-
ing, and original doctrines which he promulga-
ted, abandoned him. Nothing daunted, never
alarmed, trusting to his own robust strength, his
native intellectual vigor, his fearlessness, his orig-
inality, he battered down the strongholds of his
opponents, either subduing them with the strong
power of his logic, or overcoming them with the
force of his argument. Discomfited and power-
less, they left him master of the field. One of the
strongest illustrations of his power on such an
occasion was his memorable speech at Chicago,
on his return there from Washington, after the
passage of the " compromise bill of 1850."
But, sir, above and beyond all hi^s other great
qualities, his patriotism, his love of country, his
devotion to the Constitution, to the Union, to the
glorious flag which is its emolem, were the most
prominent traits of Senator Douglas's character.
In life—ay, even in death—this sentiment, this
feeling, was uppermost in his mind; this idea the
