1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
most prominent„even when death claimed him as
his own. The last letter he indited for publica-
tion was* the letter published about two weeks
before his death in the National Intelligencer,
addressed to the " chairman of the Democratic
committee" in this'city. I will read two short
extracts, to show you what, at that short period
before his death, he thought was the duty ofevery
loyal American citizen in the present crisis. After
stating the circumstanccs which led to the present
deplorable state of public affairs, he says:
"In view of this state of facts, there w hut one patli of
duty lelt to all patriotic men. It is not a party question,
nor a question involving partisan policy 5 it is a question of
Government or no Government; country or no country; and
hence it bceomos the duty of every Union man, every friend
of constitutional liberty, to rally to the supportof our com-
mon country, its Govern merit, and its flag, «i  the only means
of piescrving the Union of the States.55
Again, he says:
<l I know of 110 mode l)y which a loyal citizen may so
well deinon&tiatc his devotion to his country as bysustain-
int? the flag, the Constitution, and the Union, under all
ciicumstances and under every Admnne-tiation, (regard-
less ot party politics,) against all assailants at home dnd
abroad."
Fellow-Democrats of the House of Represent-
atives! friends of Douglas! these arc the words
of our great leader; the man whom we delighted
to honor; whose banner we have borne aloft " in
the battle and the breeze;" with whom we have
abided in good and evil report; around whom we
have rallied; for whom we have fought the good
fight,'even under circumstanccs well calculated
to dampen the ardor of the bravest and most de-
voted. It is the language of one to whom we
.adhered even unto the end. They are his dying
words to us—the last legacy to his friends; and
shall we not demonstrate ourdevotion to him, as
well as to our country, by sustaining the c< Con-
stitution, the Union, and its flag," regardless of
allformerduferencesofpoliucal opinions,of party
politics? 1 hope so; I believe so. And if per-
mitted to look down upon our deliberations here
from "mansions on high," will he not feel that,
in death as in life, he has never found us f^vided ?
Mr. Speaker, 1 have said his devotion to the
Union was strong even in death. Could there be
a more solemn, a more touching, a more affecting
scene, than when the angel of death was flapping
' his broad wing over the emaciated frame of this j
intellectual giant, when the grave was opening to 1
receive him, and when,in a moment of appaient
consciousness, his lovely and loving and devoted
wife asked the dying statesman if he had any mes-
sage to send to his two sons? When not hearing,
or not understanding, the question, she knelt over
him and whispered it once more in that car so
soon to be as deaf to sound as the clod that covers
him. Rallying for a moment, his eye flashing,
his whole frame dilated, "Tell them," said he,
" to obey the laws, and support the Constitution
of the United States."
Sir, he rests from his labors; his work on earth
is ended; his ashes mmgle, as they rightly should,
with the dust of the ptauie, in that great and noble
State to which he owed so much, and with whose
name the fame of this great statesman will be
forever identified.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Mr. Speaker. I had the
honorofknowingJudge Douglas. Ouraoquaint-
ance commenced in 1843. He was a member of
the House of Representatives, I a member of the
executive department of this Government, and
then received from him and witnessed acts of his
disinterestedness and support. A friendship was
then formed between us which lasted until his
death, *md I« can and do cheerfully concur in all j
that has been said of him to-day. No eulogy of ]
mine can add to his reputation as a statesman. !
The records of his country bear evidence to the j
world of his public services. 'j
It was my foitune dunng a period of ten years i
service in the House of Representatives, in the
exciting times of 1823 to 1833, when the nation
was threatened with the evils of secession by
South Carolina, to hear and witness the contests
of the national men of that day. 1 have heard Mr. i
Douglas, and can say, his power as a debater, .
and his devotion to the great principles upon ;
which our Government is founded, were not sur- i
passed by the greatest of the gieat mei>-of that j
day. i
No statesman of the present century, living or '
dead, has a more consistent record than that of;
Douglas; consistent in principle, theory, and
action.
I rose only, Mr. Speaker, to add my testimony
that it be placed upon the record. I know I speak
the sentiments of his friends in Kentucky. My
colleague has more appropriately spoken the feel-
ings of the whole State. We mourn his death as
a national affliction. He emphatically was a na-
tional man. At this time more than any period
of his life, does the nation need his services. His
devotion to the Union and^the Constitution-was
ardent and sincere; and such men the nation now
wants, in this hour of her greatest trial.
Mr. FOTXKE. Mr. Speaker, with the termin*
ation of my remarks will, I presume, close the
solemn cei-emonies of the present occasion. Our
thoughts arc sad, our hearts are full of mourning.
"Death seeks a shining mark." A brilliant sun
has gone down at noon. In the meridian of life, in
the plentitude of his usefulness and readiness to
serve his country in its present great need of the
wisest counsels and ready cooperation of its great-
est and truest statesman, has Stephen A. Doug-
las, standingat the head ofthe column of the true
patriotsof our land, been struck down by death's
inexorable fiat! The nation deeply mourns his
demise in habiliments of sincere woe. The Con-
gress of the United States will see and hear him no
more, as it has hitherto for many years been ac-
customed to greet his cheerful presence, and dwell
with profit and instruction upon his words of
wisdom. He has passed from our midst, but he
has left us1 a glorious legacy in his last dying
words, enjoining upon his two sons, of tender
years, and all the friends about his couch, to
stand by the Union and the Constitution of their
country, and help to maintain the laws.
Judge Douglas died in thcclear,full faith that
the Union would be maintnined and preserved,
as he, as well as Washington, Jackson, Clay,
and their compeers, before him, believed itought
to be, no matter who might be the constitution-
ally elected President.
He had previously, while in health, publicly
declared, in view of the crisis which was seriously
threatening the destruction of our Union, that he
would give up the great party he had all his life
clung to, and all hope of future exaltation to
power by that, or any other party, to save the
Union from destruction. It was a sentiment of
patriotic fervor from the bottom of his great Amer-
ican heart. Like the noble sentiment once pro-
claimed by the immortal Clay, Judge Douglas
would " rather be right than be President."
The humble individual who, on this solemn
occasion, offers up his mite of tribute to the worth
and memory ofthe departed statesman we mourn,
was for many years the personal and political
friend and admirer of Stephen A. Douglas. I
saw him rise rapidly in the affections ofthe peo-
ple of my native State, who knew him well-1-his
genial nature, his generosity, his great energy of
character, his integrity, and his wisdom and solid
worth; and they soon showered profusely upon
him all the honors in their gift—legislative, judicial,
and congressional. They saw him among them
from choice, the aichitect of his own fortunes; and
with pnde they saw him taking and holding a
high stand m the councils of the nation—the peer
of the mightiest magnates of the Republic. They
were anxious to see him, as the true representa-
tive man of the people, elevated to the highest
office within the gift of American freemen. Iiis
friends urged him for the exalted position of Pres-
ident of the United States at the national con-
vention at Baltimore, in 1852. But he knew better
than his admiring supporters that his nomination
could not be made without stiife. Hence he urged
them to yield to a compromise upon Franklin
Pierce, who \fas nominated and elected.
In 1856, at the Cincinnati con vontion, his friends
urged him again for the nomination, and he re-
ceived a large vote; but, ever disinterested and
desirous of harmony in his party, he telegraphed
his friends 111 the convention, by all means, as a
sound Democratic luie, to vote for Mr. Buchanan
as soon as he should leccive a bare majority, and
nominate him by a two-thuds vote, upon the prin-
ciple that in paity organisations the time had
passed for a minority to hold out with a factious
opposition to a majority. They dkl as he request-
ed, and Mr. Buchanan was nominated and elected.
When he had made a successful campaign of
Illinois 111 1858, for a reelection to the Senate, and
was returned for the third time, his name was
again urged for the Presidency; all his intimate
friends know full well that he resisted this appeal.
Having just been elected for another term of-six
years to the Senate, he desired fo/ the time being1
no more exalted position. He at last, however,
reluctantly yielded his assent, butit was with the
distinct understanding that, if nominated, it must
be upon his doctrine of "popular sovereignty,"
as sanctioned by the Cincinnati convention of
185G.
Having thus yielded his assent, he laid before
the public, through Harper's Magazine, a lucid,
logical, convincing, and unanswerable paper, in
illustration and advocacy of the right, fairness,
and feasibility of his great measure, which secures
to the people of the public Territories, as well as
to those of each and all the States, the right to
settle all their local and domestic questions in their
own way, and to decide for themselves, as the
majority in each Territory should determine,
whether they should have, or not have, slavery in
their midst. This great doctrine of the people's
right to decide their own domestic affairs and
polity, as the majority might clearly indicate, he
held to and advocated to the day of his death. But
ho lived to realize the proud satisfaction of seeing
his cherished principle ingrafted upon the, legis-
lation of the country by the very party that had
struggled most to destroy it.
He was one of the people, and he labored all
hislife-to promote their best in terests. He believed,
implicitly, in our free institutions, and ardently
desired to have them spread all over this vast con-
tinent. Hence he advocated the annexation of
Texas, of California, of Cuba, of closing up the
Canihean sea against the farther colonization of
European Powers upon the western hemisphere.
To the genius, energy, ability, and irresistible
influence of Stephen A. Douglas in Congress,
were the people of Illinois indebted for the great
grant of public land within the borders of their
State, for railroad purposes, which caused the
building of the Illinois Central railroad, running
seven hundred miles through that great State, and
contributing immensely to the population and
wealth of its inhabitants, who honor the great
statesman's memory for his gigantic work in be-
half of their Commonwealth.
For his great energy and success in carrying
th rough Congress measures for the establishment
of ocean steam mail lines between New York city
and San Francisco, and the celebrated Collins
line, between New York and Liverpool, the peo-
ple of our whole country have been greatly in-
debted. He stood up for those lines, and was
mainly instrumental in carrying them through
Congress, against much formal and official oppo-
sition. They proved a brilliant success, and es-
tablished the wisdom of his action for their cre-
ation.
On the questions which convulsed the nation in
1850 he stood a giant among a race of giants and
patriots, and did yeoman's service in the work of
restoring peace and tranquillity to a distracted
country.
As a candidate for the Presidency in 1860, Judge
Douglas took an exalted position m favor of pop-
ular rights—a bold and fearless stand against dis-
union, and poured forth to the North and the
South, without equivocation, his anathemas
against the heresies of both sections. He received
upwards of one million three hundred thousand
votes for President; but was defeated. Murmur-
ings and discontent arose in the land; anderehis
successful competitor took the oath of office, the
work of disintegration was rapidly progressing.
Judge Douglas repaired to the Senate, and ex-
erted his mighty powers of mind to restore peace
and harmony; and never did his great intellect dis-
play more lofty statesmanship, or his noble heart
more disinterested patriotism. It was his last sen-
atorial battle. But the clash of intellect has given
way to the clash of arms; the panorama of events
predicted by him are passing rapidly before us.
It is the broken sword, the war steed without his
rider, faljjng columns and crumbling monuments,
prostrate commerce and a bankrupt treasury,
weeping widows and fatherless children . While
the statesman, whose death we so profoundly
moura, believed that the (government would be*
maintained, yet his great soul was exceedingly
sorrowful when he contemplated the horrors of
