m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1Q?
civil strife, which he believed tq be inevitable; but
be nov-quietly sleo.ps in that city peopled by the
departed; his stormy voice is mute; bis patriotic
hgart, which, when living, was moved by the no-
blest emotions of our nature, lies calm and mo-
tionless,in the grave. Douglas is dead!
-The question was taken; and the resolutions
were agreed to.
The pou^e thereupon (at four o'clock, p. m.)
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, My 10,1861.
Prayer by Rev. Byron Sunderland, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I ask leave to present the
memorial of citizens of Camden, in the State of
New Jersey, praying that, as an act of justice to
the survivors of the war of 1812, all who survived
in said war, or were ever actually engaged in war,
the surviving widows of any who have died, or
may hereafter die, may be placed on the pension
rolls of the United States. As I hold the right of
petition to be sacred in the people, I present the
memorial, and ask that it may be referred to the
Committee on Pensions, even at this special
session.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask leave to present the
petition of a public meeting of the citizens of Mon-
dotah, in the State of Illinois, asking for certain
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States; among which is, that it bo so amended as
to abolish slavery in all the States which have
attempted to secede; another, to abolish slavery
in the loyal States by purchase; another, that the
President of the United States enter upon the
discharge of his duties immediately after his elec-
tion; and various other amendments, rendering
incapable of holding office all persons engaged in
the conspiracy against the Government. 1 ask
that it be laid on the table.
The petition was ordered to lie on the table.
RBPOUT FltOM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Aflairs and the Militia, to wh'oni was referred
the bill (S. No. 3) providing for the better organ-
ization of the military establishment, reported it
with amendments.
BIMiS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SAULSHURY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
8) to renew and continue the pension ullmvOd to
Olivia W. Cannon; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
IU5TIUED LIST.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask leave to introduce a bill
with a view to reference, of which no previous
notice has been given.
There being no objection, leave wax granted;
and the bill (S. No. 7) to promote the eiHcieney
of the Army and Navy was read twice by its
title.
Mr. CrlllMES. Mr, President, I move that
the bijl be referred to thtscicct commute of which
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
is chairman. I desire to say that, in drafting the
bill, 1 have adopted, without any alteration, the
first four sections of the bill introduced by the
Senator from Massachusetts, winch relate to the
retirement of the Army officers. In the succeed-
ing live sections, which relate to the retirement of
Navy officers,an attempt has been made to assim-
ilate the provision in relation to retiring Navy offi-
cers to the four preceding sections, which relate
to the Army officers.
It is provided, in the fust place, that any naval
officer who has been in the service of the United
States more, than forty years may voluntarily le-
tire upon his leave-of-abfecnce pay. It, in the
next place, provides that any officer who shall
he disabled or rendered incompetent to discharge
the duties that appertain to his station, by reason
of any wound received in actual conflict with the
enemy, shall be retired upon his sea pay. It then
provides that " whenever, in the judgment of the
President, an officer o,f the Navy shall be in any
way incapacitated from performing his duty, he
shall direct the Secretary of the Navy to refer the
case to a board of not more than nine or less than
five commissioned officers, superiors in rank, to
examine into the fitness and the competency of
the officer; which board shall preserve a record
of their proceedings and the testimony submitted
before them, and transmit the same to the Secre-
tary of the Navy, to be laid before the President
for his approval or disapproval. The board shall
report whether, m it# judgment, the incapacity
resulted from long and faithful service, from
wounds or injuries received in the line of duty,
from sickness or exposure, or from any other
incident of service. If the disability arose from
either of these causes, the officer shall be retired
with Jeave-of-abscnco pay; if from other causes,
he may-be retired on furlough pay, or he may bo
wholly retired, and his name stricken from the
Register." In the fourth place, it provides that
retired officers shall be entitled to wear the uni-
form of their grade, to continue to be borne upon
the Navy Register, subject to the rules of war,
to trial by general court-martial, and to be assigned
to such duty as the exigencies of the service may
require, and the President may deem them capa-
ble of performing.
The bill was referred to the select committee
appointed to consider the bill (S. No. 4) to pro-
mote the efficiency of the Army.
ARMY AND NAVY REGISTERS.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to offer n resolution,
which goes to the Committee on Printing:
Jlcsolecrf, That tbvc« thousand copies of ihc Avmv Regis-
ter and fifteen luuuhed ropies of the Navy Register be
primed lor the use of the Senate.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
KLKCTtON 01? CHAPLAIN.
Mr. IIALE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Rcsolrcd, That the Senate do now piocm! to elect n
Chaplain of the Senate lot this present Onirics**.
The Senate proceeded to ballot for Chaplain;
and the ballots having been collected and can-
vassed, the result was announced as follows:
Whole number of votes cast, 35; neccssary to
a choice, 18; of which—
Rev. IIvion Sunderland leecived. 
Hev. Mr. Norwood  1
Rev. (jJold.sniiih D. C.uioii   i
Rev. 1 >yiion SvjfMRitLAxu, having received a
majoni y of the whole number of votes, was de-
clared elected Chaplain of the Senate for the
present Congress.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by M r. KriiEiuwiE, its Clerk, announced that the
liouae had passed a bill (No. 15) to provide for
the payment of the militui and -volunteers called
into the service of the United States, by procla-
mation of the President, dated April, 1861, from
the time they were called into service to the 30th
day of June, 18(51.
On motion of Mr. FESSENOEN, the bill was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The message fui ther announced that the House
lmd passed the joint resolution of the Sonnte,
(No. Ji) to remit the duties on certain arms im-
ported into the United States.
EXPULSION OF SENATORS.
Mr. CLARK. I have a resolution to offer. I
do not ask for its present consideration, but give
notice that I will call it up to-moirow.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Whorea*- a conspiracy has been foimed a?annt the peace,
union, and liberties of the people and Government of the
United State> j and m furtherance of «ueh conspiracy a por-
tion of the people, of the States ot Yiiginia, Noith Caiohna,
South Carolina, Tcnne>sce, Ai kansa^. and Texas, have at-
tempted to withdiciw those State* fioi'n the Union, and are
now in arms a^ain.-t the Government; ami whereas Jame*
M. IVI vson and IIobekt M. T. Hunter, Senators fiom Vir-
ginia ;Tiio.m4s l. cukgmam andTiio.mab drags, Senators
ftom North Carolina; James Chrssut, Jr , a Senator from
South Carolina; A. O. P. Nicholson*, a Senator fiom Tea-
lies-see;William k. Sebastian* and Charles Il.IVTrrcnEi,,
Senators fiom Arkansas; and John Hemphill and Louis
T. Wiufai.l, Senators fiom Te\as, have faded to appear in
their seats m the Senate and to aid the Government in this
important, crisis; and it is appaient to the Senate that said
Senators are engaged in said conspiracy for the destruction
of the Union and Government, or vvitlj full knowledge of
such conspiracy have failed to advise the Government yf its
progress or aid in its suppression : Therefore,  
Resolved, That the said Mason, IIuntcr, Ct.ingman,
Brago, Chesnot, Nicholson, Sebastian, Mitciiei,,
Hemphill, and. wiafali*,be,and they hereby ate, each anil
all of them, expelled, from the Senate of the United States.
APPBOV^ OE PRESIDENTIAL ACTS.
The YICE ^RESIDENT. The joint resolu-
tion (S. No./i) to approve and confirm certain
acAof thej^resident of the United States, for sup-
pressing insurrection and rebellion, is the first
hHsirtjwH^n the Calendar,and it will now be con-
sidereljjjf
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas:, «fnce the adjournment of Congress, on the 4th
day of March last, a formidable insurrection in certain
States of this Union has arrayed itself in armed hostility to
the Government of the United States, constitutionally ad-
imnifteied; and whereas the President of the United States
did, undei the extraordinaiy exigencies thus presented, ex-
ercise certain powers and adopt certain measures for the
preservation of this Government—ttnjl is to say: First. He
did, on the 15th day of April last, issue his proclamation
calling upon the several States for seventy-five thousand
men to suppress ^uch msurieetionary combinations, and to
cause the laws to be faithfully executed. Secondly. He did,
on the 19th day of April la«-t, issue a proclamation setting
on foot a blockade of the ports within the States of South
Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Floiida, Mississippi, Louis-
iana, and Texas. Thirdly. He did, on the ii^th day of
April 5a«t, i«sue a proclamation establishing a bloeftade of
the porta within the States of Virginia and Noith Carolina.
Fouithly. He did, hv order of the 27th day of April last,
addressed to the Commanding General of the Army of the
United States, authoiize that officer to suspend the writ of
habeas corpus at any point on or in the vicinity of any mil-
itary line between the city of Philadelphia and the city of
Washington. Fifthly. He did, on the 3d day of May last,
isfiio a proclamation calling into the service of the United
States forty-two thousand and thirty-four volunteers, in- .
creasing the regular Ai my by the addition of twenty-two
thousand seven hundred and fourteen men, and the Navy
by an addition of eighteen thousand seamen. Sixthly. He
did, on the 10th day of May la*t, issue a pioelamation au-
thorising the commandei of the forces of the United States
on the coast of Florida to suspend the writ of habeas corpus?
if necessary. All of winch pioclamations and orders have
been submitted to this Congiess. Now, therefore,
Beit Tcsoh'cd f>if the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
all of the cxtraoidinary acts, proclamations, and orders,
hereinbelbic mentioned, be, and the same are hereby, ap-
proved and deelaied to be in all rcspeet*> legal and valid, to
the same intent, and with the same effect, as if they had
been issued ami done under the previous express authority
and direction of the Congress of the United States.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint resolu- '
tion is now before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole, and open to amendment.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out on the second page, from the
word "increasing," to the word ** seamen,5' in-
clusive.
The words proposed to be stricken out arc:
" fncrea>ins the regular Army by the addition of twenty-
two thousand seven hundred and fouiteen men, and the
Navy by an addition of eighteen thousand seamen."
So that the clause will read:
Fifthly. He did. on the 3d day of May last, issue a
proclamation calling into the service of the United States
forty-two thousand and thiity-fouv volunteers.
I make the motion because I understand that
the increase of the Army and the increase of the
Navy are to be provided for by another bill—not
Hhat I hijrtfc any hostility to cither of these meas-
ures, bat they may be provided for there. 1 do
not raiow that anything has been done towards
increasing the Army or Navy, which must be
necessarily made by law retroactive. If there
has been anything of that kind done, Senators
can inform us, so that we can see the necessity
of the case.
Mr. WILSON. A plan has been arranged for
the organization of eleven regiments forthe Army.
Officers have been appointed,commissioned with
some qualifications, sent to certain points of the
country, and money has beenplaced in their hands
to fill up the ranks of the Army. In regard to
filling up the Navy, I understand that of the eigh-
teen thousand men ordered for the Navy several
thousand have been enlisted, and are now in the
employment of the Government. I do not think
it wise to strike out this provision; 1 think it had
better remain there. When we come to the bill
for the organization of the Army, and when the
Committee on Naval Affairs bring in a bill with
regard to the Navy, we .shall have full power to
modify, direct, and control this whole question,
I think we had. bettor at present merely indorse
and legalize what the Government has already
j done in the matter.
1 Mr. CLARK. The difficulty that I had about
