42
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
and the' men rallied instantly. I do not know
any word that can express it better. In my own
town the recruiting officer got his orders to open
the enlistment about six o'clock in the evening,
and before he went to bed that night he had en-
listed seventy-five men. As we had no organi-
zation, the Secretary of War named a day when
he would want the troops. He did not call upon
them, as in Massachusetts, instantly. When the
day arrived, the Secretary was notified that they
were ready; and they were ready, and cameinto
, the field, I think, as well prepared, inside and
out, with all the equipments, as any regiment
tflRt ever went to the field. I do not know why
the question was asked, for I certainly was not
aware that we had been lagging.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will explain to the
Senator, for fear of being misunderstood. In the
free States—the loyal States—everywhere the
people were ready instantly. My question was
designed to call out just the fact that in nearly
all the States the military organization had been
so entirely abandoned that it took very consider-
able time to create an organization and bring them
into the field. Fortunately, such was not the
casq in Rhode Island and Massachusetts.
Mr. HALE. That is a fact, sir; and that fact
goes to show the necessity, which I think all
these States have acknowledged, of having a mil-
itary organization in the States. It will be found
that that is abundant for every emergency; audit
has demonstrated, beyond controversy and be-
yond denial, that we do not wanta standing army.
I wish the Senator from New York hail put it
smaller than it was; but, at all events, let us keep
it there. I want to guard against that evil. It
will be a great thing, demonstrating to the world
what we have practically declared, that standing
armies are not necessary.
While I am up, as 1 intend to talk but very
little, I want to say another thing. There is
another set of men that I desire to make war upon
worse than upon the secessionists, the rebels, and
traitors—the harpies that, hang around your De-
partments, who want to grow fat upon the public
misfortune; who want to enrich themselves upon
the hard earnings of the people, which are so
generously tendered to this Government. 1 want
to guard, if it may lie possible, the public treas-
ure m all its administration, as well from being
stolen by rebels as being filched by false friends';
and I hope, sir, that we shall eflect both these
things.
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I desire to
say one word before the vote is taken upon this
extraordinary measure. I did not come herewith
any expectation on my part, to interpose any fac-
tious opposition to the course of legislation; but,
sir, like my friend behind mo, (Mr. L\tham,J 1
think thereare very grave considera'tions involved
in this resolution, that I am not prepared to in-
dorse. While I am prepared to sustain the Ad-
miuistiatiuii in nil just and constitutional men.sures
for the maintenance of the Union and for the res-,
toration of peace, 1 cannot go quite so far as to'
indorse all tile propositions laid down in this joint
resolution. 1 think that one or two of the prop-
ositions in it are calculated to establish a prece-
dent that may result very disastrously, and seri-
ously a fleet the future interests of the country.
To say the least of il, they arc establishing a pre-
cedent that may be seized upon hereafter, under
the plea of necessity, for gross and palpable ag-
gressions upon the Constitution of the countrv
itself. 1
I am not now disposed to go into a discussion
of tile subject luither than to enter my protest ,
against the adoption of these propositions. I al- j
hide especially to the fourth pioposition m regard I
to the suspension of the writ ol It ah fas corj>its in 1
the State of Maryland. As one of the Represent- j
atives of that State, I desire to say in all sineer- ^
ity to the Senate that, to-day, I am not informed !
of the reasons upon which this writ has been sus- '
pended in any partieular ease in the State of jj
Maryland. In my judgment, there was no im- j'
mediate necessity for it. The State of Maryland j|
is to-day,and was before tin1 military occupation ji
of that State, entirely within the control of ihe [j
civil authorities of the State. We are here to-day lj
with a representation in Congress for the main- I'
teuanee of the Union and the preservation of li
peace, elected by a larger majority than has ever j!
been given heretofore in that'State. Six Repre- !i
i sentatives in the other House have been elected
by a vote very ncaily approaching to twenty thou-
sand majority out of seventy thousand votes cast.
The Executive of that State, holding the power
of the State entirely in his hands, was fully able
at all times to suppress any insurrectionary move-
ment without the aid of the military power of the
Government; and yet all this was done without
his ever being called upon. I now say to the
Senate and the country, in entering my protest
against the action o^he ExeCutiveof the nation
in that particular point, that I conceive it to have
been without any necessity whatever, and with-
out the warrant of law itself.
. In regard to the increase of the standing Army,
I have yet, in my humble^comprehension, to find
anywhere the authority that has been given to the
President to exercise a power which, to say thtf
least of it, is so dangerous in its results. I am not
prepared, therefore, to vote for this resolution in
all its parts. I am free to say, again, that I am
prepared to support the Administration in all
legal and constitutional measures for "the recon-
struction of the Union. I desire to say again that
no Senator on this floor more justly appreciates
the value of,this Union than I do; none will go
further to maintain it; but we must look at one
naked fact, that the Government is already dis-
solved; and, without going back to tiie causes
that have produced this slate of things, we must
look to sonic means by which a republican repre-
sentative free Go vermeil t may either be maintained
or reconstructed upon the basis of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. Therefore, sir, hold-
ing these opinions; opposed as I was at the last
Congress to al! coercive measuies; regarding the
doctrine of coercion as tending more effectually
to the disunion of thisgreat Confederacy than any
other that was brought before it, 1 cannot now
carry out all these excessive measures of force
j upon the plea of necessity or the extraordinary
j exigencies ol the tunes. If we are to maintain the
I Government intact; if we are to maintain the prin-
1 ciples ol the Government which has earned us so
far on the highway of greatness and of national
renown, we must, take cure not to violate the Con-
sthulion when we elaim to maintain the Consti-
tution and to enforce the laws. In enforcing the
laws we must have a scrupulous regard to the
maintenance of the Constitution in all its parts.
Theiefore, sir, aeting upon that principle, 1, for
one, cannot consent to indorse all the acts of the
President, and especially the fourth and fifth prop-
ositions contained in this joint resolution. I trust
it may lie over until to-moriow.
^ Mr. WILSON. 1 hope the Senator from New
V nrk will consent to wi thd rnw the amend irion t he
has proposed, and 1 certainly hope that the Sena-
tor fi om New 1 lamp'-?!) i re, who is chairman of the
Committer on Nnvnl A (Kins, will, in his own bill
regulating naval afKui's, settle tins matter for him-
self. i lere, sir, is a recital of the public procla-
mations of the Piesident of the United States,
stating the day on winch the proclamations were
issued, and the subjects of (he proclamations;
and here is a resolution nfiirmingund legalizing
his acts. Why cannot the Senator from New
Vork, oil the hill to increase the Army, make lus
proposition J Why cannot the Senator fiom New
Hampshire make his on the bill that will be re-
poited in regard to the Navy? Why should we
put these amendments upon a simple proposition
to legalize the acts of the Piesident of the United
States, performed under the circumstances in
which these acts wore performed? I hope that
the Senator from New Yoik will withdraw his
• amendment, and that he will move it upon the
j hill to increase the Aimy. That is the fating and
| proper place for it, and on that he can have the
1 the hill expression of the views of thc^enate.
j livery body knows that these acts of the Admin-
: istration v/eie foiced upon it by the condition of
; the country. The Administration that it must
! exercise all the powers withm the Constitution to
j save the Union. The legislation of the country
had not provided the nece.ssaiy means, and the
PrcMdent took the n-sponsibihiy, and m doing it
he was then sustained by the >oice of the loyal
portion of the country; and I am soiry now, when
those acts have saved this capital and this Gov-
ernment, that there should be any doubt or any
hesitation in legalizing by our %otes the action of
the Government of the country, extorted from it
in an emergency.
Again, sir, I ask that the Senator from New
York will withdraw his amendment, that the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire will consent also to
withdraw his, and that the vote shall be taken
on merely legalizing the action of the past; a.nd
thatvin tne bills to increase the military and naval
force of the country, they will move their amend-
ments, and test the judgment of the Senate upon
them.
Mr. KING. My friend from Massachusetts
does not act with his usual fairness in presenting-
this question in the manner in which he has done
it. There has been a condition of things in this
country which none of us one year ago expected
ever to see. I yield neither to him nor to any
other man in the country in my hearty and thor-
ough approval of every act of this Administration
which has been calculated to meet and suppress
this insurrection by force. If there has been any
unnecessary delay, that is another question; but
I do not come here in the slightest manner to crit-
icise. I am happy in being able to say that I
heartily concur in and approve of the measures
which have been taken for the defense and pro-
tection of the Government, and for the suppres-
sion and extinction and destruction of the insur-
rection; and I am willing to vote any amount of
men and of money, and do any other act, as I
believe the people of this country are ready to
come forwaid and see that the Government of the
United States is maintained, and that but one flag,
and that the star-spangled banner, shall fly in the
airofthiscountryany where within its boundaries.
[Applause in the galleiies.j
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, allow me to say
here, that at the last session of Congress I gen-
erally ojjposed interference with the galleries in a
hearty expression of applause for a free and noble
sentiment. In my judgment, however, the case
is now very different. We arc legislating in the
midst of a great camp, and 1 trust that it will be
proper to seize this eaily opportunity to say that
1 shall deem it my duty to move that the galleries
be cleared upon any manifestation of expression
of either applause or disapprobation in relation to
anything that may be said or done here. We
must preserve the most entire decorum and the
most perfect independence of action, free from any
appearancc ofinterference by bodies of men, either
armed or otherwise.
Mr. HALE. As a great many of the audience
are strangers, and probably were never m the city
before, they may not be aware of the stringent
nature of our rules, and I suggest to the consid-
eration of the Chair that it may he well enough
^to have the rule read and the audience informed
that any such manifestations are decidedly con-
traiy to the rules of this body.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. There is, it is be-
lieved, no express rule covering the case, but it
comes under the general rule which makes it the
duty of the Presiding Officer to preserve order in
the body; and one of his duties is to preserve
order in the galleries; and the Chair will feel com-
pelled, on the repetition of demonstrations of the
character which have been witnessed, to order the
galleries to be cleared and the doors to be closed.
Mr. KENNEDY. I would suggest that, in
order to cai ry out the views of the Senate, the
Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to post on the doors
of the galleries the rules of the Senate 111 regard
to violations of older.
Mr. BRIGHT. T am very glad to hear the
Chair make the announcement it has made. I,
for one Senator, make my acknowledgments for
the declaration that the Chair will take upon itself
the responsibility of enforcing the rules of this
body without requiring Senatoi s to rise arid make
the motion. Our rules are plain and positive; and
we are all entitled to the protection of the rules.
Some of us may, befoie we adjourn, utter senti-
ments not in accordance with'what is the senti-
ment of the galleries. Jt is highly improper that
they should express their approbation or disap-
probation; and I am glad to hear the Chair an-
nounce thus eaily, in advance, that the Chair itself
will enforce the rules.
JVli\ KING. Mr. President, I concur entirely
with tne sentiments expressed by several Sena-
tors here, that the most stnet older should be
observed in this body. I have never approved of
any exhibition of opinion, either in the way of
applause or condemnation, fiom the galleries.
11ns is a deliberative body, representing the sen-
