1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Now as to the expense. We have an Army of
nearly twenty thousand men—eighteen thousand
in strict numbers, perhaps. We propose, by bills
on your table, in accordance with the proclama-
tion of the President, to increase it by regiments,
amounting to at least twenty-four thousand addi-
tional men 
Mr. GRIMES. By law it is now seventeen
thousand, but only nine thousand in fact.
Mr. BAKER. My honorable friend from Iowa
says that we have only nine thousand in service.
I do not stop to discuss that. We may have the
number I stated; because the point is, what is the
maximum by law? It is eighteen thousand. It
can be filled, and will be filled; and I believe,
with great deference to Ills opinion as to the fact,
that there are more than fifteen thousand now en-
listed under the present law. However that may
be, the eleven regiments which we are organizing,
and no doubt will autlioiize by law befoie we ad-
journ, when filled, will amount to twenty-four
thousand men. They are regiments upon a new
organization—really brigades. They are com-
posed of three or four battalions—I believe three
battalions of eight hundred men each—and the
increase of officers is at least as large as the in-
crease of men.
You are to remember again, sir, that we pay
our Army more than any army ever was paid
from the beginning of the world. I have no doubt
we have a better Army, but we pay them more
than soldiers ever were paid. The common sol-
dier, I think, we hardly pay enough. I will not
say we pay the officer too much, but I say we
pay him more than we can afford. The Army
of the United States costs between eight hundred
and a thousand dollars a year per man. It ap-
proaches, upon the passage of these biils, fifty
thousand men, and the expense may be safely
estimated at §40,000,000. Unless you introduce
the substance of the proviso of the honorable Sen-
ator from New York, in some shape or other,
before this Senate adjourns you will have fixed
an establishment upon this country to last longer
than your life, Mr. President, costing,for the item
of armies alone, the Navy excluded, §40,000,000
annually. In the same relation to the public
service, the Navy will cost §30,000,000 more.
There will be §70,000,000 for armies and navies
alone. No free Government can stand it. "Now
is the time to stop it; stop it ere it begins.
Again: the very plausible argument is often
used, that we want to terminate this war gloriously,
and to put an end forever to secession. +So do 1.
My honored friend from Maine [Mr. Pessf.vden]
will bear me witness that I was perhaps the last
man in the Senate to give up the hope that some-
thing might be done by conciliation and compro-
mise—words I never propose to use again. I hoped,
I sympathized, I struggled to the last. Now I
hope to be among the last of all men willing to lay
down arms at all. 1 will never vote to do it till,
without treaty, the fla  of the United States waves
over every portion of its territory, and over a pop-
ulation either enthusiastically rallying beneath its
shadow, or else abjectly subject to its sway. Till
t4ien, give the President a million men; till then,
give him, not only the whole revenue of the Gov-
ernment, but the whole property of the people;
do not refuse a single regiment; do not furl a single
sail; do not abate a single jot of all your embattled
vigor, till that hour shall come; but when peace
returns, resume the condition and the arts of peace.
Do not make peace until the glory of the Ameri-
can (lag shall be its own defense. Why, sir, I
have heard it said, that there was a time in Ire-
land— I believe it is a myth, but it is said there
was a time in Ireland—when a virgin, alone, un-
guarded, could go through all its length and
breadth, with a crown upon her head and a golden
vase in her hand, and nc man disturbed her chas-
tity or robbed her of her treasure. I desire, before
I make peace, to see the time when a drummer-
boy—and a volunteer drummer-boy at that—shall
be able to carry the flag of the United States in
every city and in every wilderness wherever it
has once floated, amid the enthusiasm, the sub-
mission, and profound reverence of every man,
woman, and child, who gazes upon its stars. When
that hour shall come, we want no Army. A few
men to keep our fortresses in repair, a few West
Point cadets and officers, a nucleus around which
this splendid volunteer organization may regather,
if—which may God forbid !—the occasion should
ever call them forth again, will be all we need.
When the war shall cease, we shall have less oc-
casion than we ever ■did have for an army for the
protection of our Indian frontier. Twenty thou-^l
sand men are more than ample for all the military
purposes of this Government in lime of peace.
Therefore it is, sir, that I say, make war upon
a scale as vast as the emergency that calls it forth;
let it be sharp, sudden, bold, determined, forward.
When the war ceases, let all the measures of the
war cease too.
I believe with most gentlemen that the Union
sentiment will yet prevail in the southern States.
Bayonets are sharp remedies, but they are very
powerful. I am one of those who believe that
there may be reverses. I am not quite confident
that we shall overrun the southern States, as we
shall have to overrun them, without severe trials
of our courage and our patience. I believe they
.are a brave, determined people, filled with their
enthusiasm, false in its purposes, as I think, but
still one which animates almost all classes of their
population. But, however that may be, it may
be that instead of finding, within a year, loyal
States sending members to Congress, and re-
placing their Senators upon tl)is floor, we may
have to reduce them to the condition of Territo-
ries, and send from Massachusetts or from Illi-
nois Governors to control them. It may be;and,
sir, if heed come, I am one of those who would
be willing to do it. I would do that. I would
risk even the stigma of being dcspoticand oppress-
ive, rather than risk the perpetuity of the Union
of these States. I repeat, and with that repeti-
tion I close: fight the war through; accomplish a
peacc; make it so perfect and so permanent that
a boy may preserve it; and when you have done
that, you have no more need for a standing
Army. Patch up a peace; if you make it before
you are ready; if you imagine them conquered
before they really submit; if you treat with rebels
and confederate States, you may need a stand-
ing Army forever; but if you really conquer a
peace; if your bayonets gleam in every city in
this Union; if you hold them by the strong hand
of power; if you tell them, "Gentlemen, you
have been regardless of the great blessings of free
government under which you lived and rejoiced
for over seventy years? now as you have sought
the despotism of arms, we will show you what
arms are:" when you really do that, and break
their spirit, when Toombs and Davis are wandei-
ing in exile, despised and almost forgotten among
men, except by the enormity of their crime, then,
sir, you want no standing Army.
Actuated by these views, I shall vote most
cheerfully for the proviso of the Senator from
New York. 1 wiilgivethePresidentallthemoney,
all the men, all the arms, all the power that he
wants; I will obey his wishes, and adjourn the
moment we pass these bills. When peace comes,
I will hold him and every member of his Cabinet
to a strict accountability for the exercise of that
power; and I will lend, in my poor way, all my
energies to promote the arts of peace, that I now
would give to wield the thunderbolts of war.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, it strikes
me, upon examination of this joint resolution,
that it is open to the objection that, of itself, it
increases, without any [imitation, the Army, as a
matter of law. I thought at first that it did not;
but on examination I am satisfied that it does.
The provision is:
"Fifthly. ile did, on the 3d day of May last, issue a proc-
lamation eatlin? Into the service "t tlx.' United Stales forty-
two thousand and timty-four volunteer, increasing the
regular Army by the addition of twenty two thousand seven
hundred and fourteen men, and the Navy by an addition of
eighteen thousand seamen."
And then the resolution declares " all of the
extraordinary acts, pioclamations, and orders
hereinbefore mentioned," " in all respects, legal
and valid." My own opinion is, that by passing
that precisely in the shape in which it stands, wo
have increased the regular Army, without any
limitation, to that amount and extent; and that
afterwards, if we are disposed to change it, it
must be by after legislation. Now, sir, while I
am unwilling to do that without consideration, I
think this is not exactly the place for deliberation
upon that question. My present impression is
very strongly with the Senator from New York
and the Senator from Oregon, that there ought to
be a limitation. I am not prepared, at any rate,
to say, at the present time, that I will agree to a
permanent increase of the Army to that extent..
All, however, that I think it necessary;to do here,
is simply to negative that conclusion, for this is
only a resolution; and the discussion of the prop-
osition whether we will increase the Army per-
manently, whether we will limit it, and to what
extent we will limit it, will come up properly on
the bill that is already before us for that purpose,
and therefore it should more appropriately be de-
ferred to that time. Still I am in favor of nega-
tiving here the conclusion that would be drawn
bypassing this resolution precisely in its present
terms. I would suggest, therefore, to my friend
from New York—it is merely a suggestion for
him to consider—whether it would not be suffi-
cient for lus purpose to add simply the words,
"provided, that nothing herein contained shall
be construed as authorizing a permanent increase
of the Army or Navy beyond their present force,"
and leave the question of detail?.to be discussed
on other bills?
Mr. KING. I have had some conversation
with the Senator from Oregon and with others,
and the difficulty which the Senator from Maine
suggests as to the uncertainty of the effect of this
resolution was one of the causes which induced
me to offer this amendment now. Any legislation
upon this subject, of course, properly.belongs to
the bill which raises the Army, and it was sup-
posed by some that this resolution did not au-
thorize the increase of the Army. I thought it
did. It was at least uncertain. Now, as the Sen-
ator from Maine says, upon a strict examination,
he thinks it does that. In my judgment, when
we legislate, we should legislate so that there can
be no mistake as to what the law is that we pass.
All I want is the expression of the Senate now
upon this proposition. I do not ask that it shall,
in this resolution, decide the question against the
permanent increase; but I ask that it shall not, by
this resolution, pass a proposition which does in-
crease the standing Army; and I think the pro-
viso suggested by the Senator from Maine will
accomplish that purpose, and I am therefore con-
tent with that. I should be better satisfied with
it if he would add:
That this increase shall not continue six months beyond
tile reestabhshinent of the governmental authority.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This excludes any per-
manent increase.
Mr. KING. I am content with it as it is. My
object was to produce a notice to the Army and
to all that this is not a permanent increase. The
details will have to be fixed in the other bill.
Mr. SIMMONS. Does it apply to the Navy
too ?
Mr. KING. The Navy bill will bring thatin.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does apply to both:
Provided, iMiat nothing herein contained shai! be con-
strued as authorizing a permanent increase of the Army
or Navy beyond their piesent force.
That leaves the whole matter to discussion on
the other bills.
Mr. KING. I am content to take that, and I
am very happy to find the sentiment suchasitis,
indicating a purpose to limit the continuance of
the increase of the Army.
Mr. WILSON. I will accept this proposition,
so far as I am concerned. I said to the Senator
from New York, I said to other Senators who
proposed to make restrictions, that on the bill for
the increase of the Army, which made all the pro-
visions for raising these regiments and organizing
them, thoy misfit put any restrictions they pleased.
My only objection was to putting upon this res-
olution, legalizing theaction of the Governments
increasing the Army and the Navy, any limitation
of this kind.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to say one word ? It is perfectly obvious that
this is not atall inconsistent with his great object;
because the President could not, in calling out
these troops, say for this time, or that time, or the
other, but " I call them out as an increase of the
force;" and then Congress legislates as it thinks
proper.
Mr. WILSON. I think the proviso, as pro-
posed by the Senator from Maine, is one that we
can all accept, and I most cheerfully accept it.
The reason why I resisted the original amend-
ment was, that I thought we had better put it
upon the bill for the increase of the Army. I am
hot in favor of a large standing Army, although I
