46
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
aiji not one of those who can be alarmed, in a
country of thirty million people and three million
square miles, at an army'of thirty or forty thou- 4
sand men. Still, I do not desire a permanent in-'
crease of the standing Army if it can be avoided,
and f am willing to adopUhis amendment. I am
•willing that, in the bill increasing the Army, the
Senator from New York shall put just such re-
strictions as he pleaseS; and I hope that will sat-
isfy the Senator from Nfew York. Or I am will-
ing to leave it, and to trust the settlement of the
question to those who come after us when.we
have achieved the victories that Senators have
spoken of to-day; and, although some of us may
not be here then, I take it there will be here men
instructed by what they will see during the next
two or three years, who will be as well able to
legislate upon this subject as we are. But, sir, ]
accept cheerfully the proposition 'of the Senator
from Maine.
Mr. KING. 1 am very happy fo have the
concurrence of the Senator from Massachusetts
in this proposition. AH 1 desired was the ex-
pression of (he Senate on the question, whether
this increase of the standing Army should be per-
manent or not. I expect the details will be de-
termined by the bill providing for the increase of
the standing Army, and I am happy now to un-
derstand the Senator from Massachusetts to say
that he will go with me for limiting the duration
of this Army to the emergency that calls it out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the amendment as modified.
The Acting Secretary road it, as follows:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
Ptrned ua authorizing n permanent increase of the Army or
Navy beyond their present force.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ml". President, I do not
exactly see the effect of that amendment. If I
understand this resolution, it declares that the
Army and Navy were increased ata certain time;
arid now an amendment is offered in the shape of
a proviso, declaring that this resolution shall not
be construed to authorize their increase beyond
what they at present are. They have already
been increased. What, then, does this proviso
amount to ?
Mr. SUMNER. " Permanent increase," the
proviso says.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The word "permanent"
is in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought I explained my
own views on the subject. I will do it again if
the Senator aslcs mo the question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see that the pro-
viso amounts to anything at all. It seems to me
it lias no meaning whatever,and does notchange
the joint resolution from what it was before the
amendment, was offered. The proviso, if I un-
derstand it, is, that nothing herein contained shall
nutliori/.ean increase beyond " the present force."
The " present force" is the increased force. You
have aheady had added to your Army twenty-
two thousand seven hundred and fourteen men,
and to thcNavy eighteen thousand seamen. The
leeital is, that the President " did; on the 3d day
of May List, issue a proclamation calling into the
servico" these persons; and then the resolution
ratifies that, and says that the calling these men
into the service was legal. The Army is, there-
fore, already increased by that act and by this
resolution up to forty-odd thousand men, and the
Navy is already increased; and then you put on
a proviso,jiroviding it shall not 1* increased be-
yond what it is? It is aheady increased as you
have recited; and it seems to me, really, that pro-
\iso means nothing at all. It is true, the word
" permanent" is there—that it shall not bo per-
manently increased. What does that mean ? It
is permanent until the law repeals it. Every law
is permanent (unless there be a clause that it is
to expire at a certain time, and there is no such
clause here) until another law repeals it. It
seems to me that, if there is any object in putting
this limitation upon the resolution, it is not ac-
complished by the amendment offered by the
Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN*. My object was simply
to convey an idea. This is nothing buta resolu-
tion. The resolution says the President has issued
his proclamation increasing the Army, and we
make that valid and legal. That is what the res-
olution does. Now, certain gentlemen object that
if we pass that, it is by law a permanent increase
of the Army; and therefore they want a limit.
My answer to that is, I am for the limit too; but
at present I am not advised how far that limita-
tion should go, and how far even the increase
should go, and that will come up properly for
discussion upon a bill which has been introduced
for that purpose; but in order to exclude the con-
clusion that by this resolution we mean to make
this a permanent increase, I propose to say so in
so many words. The proviso means that while
we indorse and sustain to the fullest extent all that
the President has done, and recognize those that
he has brought into service as belonging to the
Army, not by law, but by virtue of his procla-
mation, yet we do not recognize by our act that
itis to remain so; necessarily thus calling for other
legislation on the subject. 1 That was my simple
view. Now, sir, my friend from Illinois has
made a long verbal criticism upon it. He is a
master of words, keen, sagacious, and knows just
what every adjective anu every adverb means;
and if he will only put the language into the right
shape to convey that idea, I shall be much obliged
to him. That is what it means to my mind; and
if it docs not to his, I hope he will make it better.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
offered by the Senator from New York, as mod-
ified on the suggestion of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. KING. Does the Senator from Illinois
desire to modify it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it means nothing
as it is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish the Senator would
make something out of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is very difficult to make
something out of that which meaneth nothing,
although I think my friend from Maine has suc-
ceeded admirably in annexing a proviso here
which really has no meaning at all. If it be the
intention by this proviso simply to sanction what
has been done, and to say that in doing this we
do not mean to increase" the Army or Navy, it
would be pretty difficult to do that. I do not
know how you can sanction ail increase of the
Army and Navy, and at the same time say you
do not mean to sanction an increase of the Army
and Navy. If the proviso had read; " provided,
that nothing herein contained shall be construed
as authorizing a permanent increase of the Army
or Navy beyond what it was when this proclama-
tion issued;" then it would mean something; but
now it is '■ beyond the force now established by
law." Will you say that the force now estab-
lished bylaw is this increase, legal and valid? If
itis intended to carry out the idea I have sug-
gested , 1 think it would be accomplished by read-
ing in this way; " provided, that nothing herein
contained shall tie construed as authorizing a per-
manent increase of the Army or Navy beyond
what they were on the 3d Jay of May last,"
because Ihey have already been increased.
Mr. KING. I trust the Senator from Maine
will be content with that. I am.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am content with any-
thing; but I wish my very astute fiiend from Illi-
nois to explain what the diffeicnce is between
"shall not be construed to authorize an increase
of the force bey mid that now established by law,"
and " beyond what it was on the 3d day of May
last?" That was the time of the increase. If
he can show me the difference, 1 shall be much
obliged to him.
Mr. IilNG. If the Senator will allow me, if
there is any difference, I will take the last version
of the Senator from Illinois to satisfy him, so
that it will read:
Piorirled, That nothing lieiciu cuntuhie#shall be con-
Mnu'd ac aiilbon'/m" n peimanent mciea^e of the Aliny
01 Navy bcyoml wliat they wcie oil the 3d day of May last.
I wish simply to state that it was because there
was a difference of opinion as to the construction
and effect of the proclamation for the increase of
the Army , that I desired to offer this amendment
to the joint resolution. As 1 understood it, it
rendered valid and legal the requisitions of these
pioclaniations. I had not examined them as care-
fully and particularly as I might do. While I
approved of the whole spirit and movement of
the Administration to call out troops, in every
shape and form, in order to suppress this rebel-
lion, I desired to know exactly the effect of the
law I was to vote for.. I was unwilling to increase
the standing Army, and I am glad tofind that here,
by a pretty general agreement, it is understood
that the standing Army will not be permanently
increased beyond what it was before the emer-
gency called for additional forces.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will withdraw the prop-
osition I offered, and let gentlemen put it in a
shape to suit themselves. My own apprehension
is, that the effect of it might be to negative what
we are before passing. I therefore withdraw it.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Maine has
withdrawn his proposition, which, it seems, he
could not frame to suit the Senator from Illinois.
I hope the Senator from New York will not renew
it in any form; because this controversy between
these distinguised lawyers and statesmen here in
in the matter of framing this provision, I think,
shows that it never ought to be moved at all. I
hope we shall have no more amendments moved
to this joint resolution; and then, when we take
up the bill for the increase of the Army, provid-
ing for all the details on that subject, the Senator
from New York can offer an amendment that will
reach all the purposes he desires; and I promise
him here and now my vote for such a proposition.
Mr. KING. Mr. Piesident, I understand the
opinion of the Senator from Maine—for whose
opinion I have great respect—and that of the Sen-
ator on his left, [Mr. Collamf.r,] to bo that this
joint resolution does increase the amount of the
standing Army without limitation; that is to say,
it makes the present increase of the Army as
permanent as the old establishment. I desire, as
this act has been done, and this additional army
created, that there shall be a notice given by our
legislation that it is to be hereafter reduced; and
I therefore prefer, notwithstanding the sugges-
tions of my friend from Massachusetts, to have
the resolution amended. I am not for any tech-
nical language; I am not particular what the lan-
guage may be; but I will suggest that the words
of the proposition of the Senator fiom Maine be
taken:
Provided, Tiiat nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued us authorizing a permanent increase of the Ai my
or Navy.
Leaving out the other words. I am willing that
the Senate should do what it pleases afterwards,
when it comes to vote on the detail of the plan.
This joint resolution is a general declaration of
Congress ratifying the action of the President. I
am disposed to limit it on this subject of the stand-
ing Army, and anything that does that in good
faith I am satisfied will be carried out by subse-
quent legislation. I will ask the Secretary to read
the words of the proposition of the Senator from
Maine, which I have indicated, which I think will
accomplish all the purpose in view.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair will state the present con-
dition of the question before the Senate. There
seems to be a little misapprehension on the part
of some Senators.
Mr. KING. If the Chair pleases, as I under-
stand it, I offered a proviso as an amendment, to
which the Senator from New Hampshire offered
an amendment, and afterwards the Senator froiji
Maine suggested a substitute. He then, after, a
conversation on the subject, withdrew it. I ac-
cepted the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire as part of my own. My proposition,
therefore, is now before the Senate, and I take the
words of the amendment offered by the Senator
from Maine, up to the word " beyond," as my
proposition. Let the Cierk read the proviso.
1 he PRESIDING OFFICER. The position
of the question, then, is this. The Senator from
New York offers an amendment in the form of a
pioviso to the joint resolution. The Senator
from Maine suggests a substitute fur that, which
forms a different proviso, which the Senator from
New York accepts as a modification of his own.
Mr. KING. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It then be-
comes the proposition of the Senator from New
York, and is subject to his control. He only can
withdiavv it. The Senator from Maine proposes
to withdraw the proposition, but he cannotdo it,
it being accepted by the mover of the original
amendment as a modification of his own.
Mr. KING. I am content with the proposition
precisely as the Senator from Maine offered it. -
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The proposi-
tion will be read, as modified and accepted by the
Senator from New York.
