1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued as authorizing a permanent increase of the Army
or Navy.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
■proposed amendment now before the Senate.
Unless the Senator from New York withdraws
it, the question will be 011 agreeing to thatamend-
ment
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is one suggestion I
wish to make in regard to my own proposition,
which I wish gentlemen to consider. It did not
occur to me when I offered it; but I suggest it
to the Senator from New York. My object I
explained. The object, however, of the resolu-
tion, is to decidedly approve and legalize what the
President lias done. Now, having done that, if
we put in a proviso of this sort that it shall not
be constmed as authorizing a permanent increase
of the Army and Navy, although the word " per-
manent" is m it the question presents itself to my
mind whether it would not nullify the resolution
itself, if the .Senate is satisfied on that point,
they may add this proviso. I confess that I am
myxelfa Hale afiaid of my own proposition.
Mi. KING. I desit c ptecisely the effect which
the Senator from Maine suggests*, but I am un-
willing to vote to establish permanently this great
increase of the standing Army, and rely upon the
future action of Congiess to reduce it. It is be-
cause I am unwilling to do that, while I desire to
ratify and approve the action of the President,
that I want this pro\iso inserted; fori do not
undetsfand that the President recommends this
permanent increase of thu Army. If he does, let
uk understand it, I do not undeistand that ho
does; and I do not understand, therefore, that I
am coming in conflict with anything he has done,
or any recommendation he has made, when I say
here in advance, in the beginning, before it has
been complicated by any action of the Senate, that
I am unwilling that this increase of the standing
Army should be permanent. I think the Senator
from Maine, if he will look at it, will see that all
this business is to be done by subsequent bills.
The organization and distribution of officers and
cdi matters of detail are to be done by a subsequent
bill; and in that bill wo propose to determine the
timoTor w hicli this increase of the standing Army
shall continue. I think, therefore, we had better
agree to the amendment 1 have offered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am satisfied if the Sen-
ator is.
Mr. KING. The Senator from Maine is sat-
isfied. I think we had better agree to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
ns amended, and the amendment was concurred
in.
Mr. LATHAM. As indicative of my own
views—not that I presume it will carry—I move
to strike out the f'ouuh proposition in the pre-
amble of the resolution, in the following woids:
-• romilily fTe did, bv rn order of the 27th day of Apiil
la^r. addicted to the Command tn<* General of the At my of
the t'tmed Slate-. auiliouze that officer to suspend the
\\ i it of h-tbees coTuwi at uitv point on oi in the vicinity of
aav liul iirn \ line ivtweeii the city of Philadelphia and the
Citj of Washington."
The amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was read the
third time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the passage of the joint resolution.
Mi. POLK. On that question I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
Mr. POLK. Mr. President, I cannot consent
to the object and provisions of this joint resolu-
tion. As I cannot consent to them, and as 1 op-
pose them, I feel that it is my duty to state the
grounds of my opposition.
It has been said by Senators on the other side,
during the short discussion that has taken place
on this joint resolution, that the country is en-
gaged in a war. That is true, sir: the country is
engaged in a war—a war m its character unpar-
alleled in the history of this country. It'is a
sectional war; it is a civil and a fratricidal war.
It is a war also enormous in its magnitude. There
are more troops underarms probably to-day than
there ever were before in this country during all
its previous history. The equipments and prepar-
ations and armament correspond with the amount
of troops; and let me also add that the expendi-
tures are in full ratio to the number of men under
arms.
This has all been brought about since the ad-
journment of the last Congress—since the 4th of
March; indeed, since the 15th of April. Con-
gress has declared no war. . The Constitution of
the United States says that Congress shall be au-
thorized to declare war; and yet, sir, though Con-
gress has declared no war, we are in the midst of
a war monstrous in its character, and hugely
monstrous in its proportions. That war has been
brought on by the President of the United States
since the 4th of March, of his own motion and
of his own wrong; and under what circum-
stances? Before the close of the last Congress,
as early as the month of January, secession was
an accomplished fact. Before the close of the last
Congress as many States had seceded from the
Union, or had claimed to secede, as had on the
15th of April; and yet the last Congress madeno
declaration of war; the last Congress passed no
legislation calculated to carry on ci war; the last
Congress refused to pass bills having this direc-
tion, or having any purpose of coercion. Now,
sir, how has this war been brought on ? I have
said that, in my judgment, it has been brought
on by the President of the United States; and a
portion of the procedure which has resulted in it
is named in the preamble of this joint resolution,
which it is proposed that we shall approve and
legalize.
Mr. President, the Constitution of the country
was the gieat achievement o£ the Revolution. If
that great struggle, heroic and sublime as it was,
had not resulted in a Constitution which should
have the effect of consolidating the liberties of
the people, of establishing constitutional govern-
ments, and affording a basis for the tranquillity
and prosperity of the country, it would have
failed to accomplish the great end that those
who waged it londly anticipated would result
from it. That Constitution lias been framed by
our fathers; and strictly construed, faithfully ob-
served, and scrupulously obeyed by all those in
authouty under it, from the Executive himself
down to the man who holds the lowest post of
magistracy, what unexampled results of pros-
pentyand glory might not have resulted from it!
Administered as it has been,imperfectly perhaps
in some respects, but still having the affection of
the people, loved and revered by them, obeyed
by them cheerfully, it has already produced re-
sults in the way of material prosperity, in the
way of advancement, in the way of a progres-
sion in everything that can ennoble and exalt a
nation, that arc without a parallel in the history of
the world. Under such circumstances, Mr. Pres-
ident, how carefully ought we to examine any
proposition that proposes to approve or legalize
anything that may be an infringement upon the
plain provision1? of that Constitution.
I wish, Mr. President, to call the attention of
the Senate to a few words from Yattel on this
subject of obeying the Constitution and observ-
ing'the laws as they exist, and especially on the
high duty that devolves upon those who admin-
ister the Government to see that they in no in-
stance infringe upon that Constitution, or the
laws that are made under it.
<• But while these laws exist*'—
Says Mr. Vattel—
" the sovereign ought religiously to maintain and observe
them."
He is not speaking of a President of the United
States, but he is speaking of a sovereign, where
there is no "written constitution that defines the
authority and power that he is permitted to exer-
cise in the Government.
*' Ttu'j an- the foundation of the public tranquillity, and*
the firmest -.uppm t of the sovereign anth.n sty. Everything
is unceitam, violent, and subject to levolutions, in those
unhappy States whete ailxtraiy power lias piaccd her
tluoiic. It i«, thciefore, tin'true internet of the punee, as
well as his duty, to maintain and respect the law**: he
ought to submit "to them hnnself. We find tins truth estab-
lished in a piece published by oidei of Ijoui> XIV, one of
the most absolute punees that ever leigncd in Europe:
' Let it not be «aid that the sovereign is not subject to the
laws ot his State, since tiie conttary proposition is one of
the tiuths of the law of nation^, which flatteiy has some-
times attacked, and winch good princes have always de-
fended, as a tutelar divinity of their States.'"
Again:
il The constitution and laws of n State are the basis of
the public tranquillity, the firmest support of political au-
thority, and a security for the liberty of the citizens. But v
this constitution is a vain phantom, and the best laws^re
useless, if they "be not religiously observed j the nation
ought then to watch very attentively, in order to rentier
them equally respected by those who govern, and by the
people destined to obey. To attack the Constitution of the
State, and to violate us laws, is a capital clime against so-
ciety ; and if those guilty of it are invested with authority,
they add to this crime a perfidious abuse of the power with
which they are intrusted. The nation ought constantly to
repress them with its utmost vigor and vigilance, as the im-
portance of the case requires." ...
JSir, I indorse those sentiments in their fullest
extent, and to the extremes! point to which they
may be applied. Now, sir, when we are examin-
ing the acts of the President on a joint resolution,
which proposes to legalize what he has done, I
say that, for one, I cannotgive my consent to vote
for any approbation or legalization of those acts,
if they, in the least degree, infringe the Constitu-
tion underwhich the President acts, and which he
is sworn to " preserve, protect, and defend." I am
one of those who believe that th$re is no necessity
in peace or war that justifies a violation of the Con*
stitution of the land. I believe that this Consti-
tution was made for war as well as for peace. It
provides in itself for a declaration of war. It pro-
vides how that declaration shall be made. It
provide^for waging a war. It .provides for the
repelling of invasion and the suppression of in-
surrection, and it was intended, as I beirere, by
the wise framers who made it, men who them-
selves, most of them, had just passed through the
war of the Revolution, to provide for any emer-
gency, warlike or peaceful, that might ever occur
in the history of the Government. And yet, sir,
" somehow orsomehow else," since theadjourn-
ment of Congress, this war has been brought upon
the country, The Congress of the United States,
as early as 1795, for the purpose of carrying out
a plain provision of the Constitution, passed the
act of that day. That act I have here, and I wish
to refer to it for a moment, however familiar it
may be supposed to be to each Senator in the
Chamber:
"Sec.2. Jlmlbc it further enacted, That whenever the
laws of the United States shall bo opposed, or the execu-
tion theieof obstructed, in any State, by combinations too
powerful to be suppressed by the oidinary course of judi-
cial proceedings, or by the poweis vested in the marshals*
by this act, it shall be lawful for the President of the United .
States to call forth the militia of such State, or of any other
State or Suites, as may be necessary to suppress such com-
binations, and to cause the law< to bo duly executed; and
the use of militia so to be called forth may be continued,
if necessary, until the expiration of thirty days after the
commencement of tiie then ricxt session of Congress.
" Sfo. 3. Provided always, and bcit further emitted, That
whenever it may be necessary, in the judgment of the Pres-
ident, to use the militai v foice hereby duected to be called
foith, the President shall foithwith, by proclamation, com-
mand s«uch insmgents to disperse, and retire peacefully to
their respective abodes, within a limited time."
I call attention to that third section now, inas-
.much as it may bear on a portion of what I shall say
hereafter. The President then, proceeding under
this law, issues a proclamation on the 15th of April
calling out seventy-five thousand men. Now, I
ask in what one of the seven seceded States the
President ever attempted the execution of the laws
of the country? In what one of them, after the
President attempted to execute the laws, when
and where in any one of them was there such op-
position or obstruction, such resistance to the
execution of the laws, as could not be overcome
by the ordinary judicial proceedings? lias any
one been pointed out by the President? Has any
one been pointed out by any Senator on thisflooi?
And yet, under this act, which can be resorted to
only where there is obstruction or opposition to
the execution of the law by combinations of men
which cannot be overcome by the ordinary judi-
cial process—under this law it is that the first step
has been taken which,as 1 think, has inaugurated
this war which Congress refused to inaugurate.
But, Mr. President, 1 think that no such case
as that contemplated by this act existed on or
previous to the 15th of April. The case contem-
plated by this act clearly is one where there is
resistance to some law of the United States in
some one of the States, in some particular locality
of a State, by the citizens of the State who com-
bine together for the purpose of making effectual
resistance. The law was intended to operate upon
the individual citizen and to overcome resistance
that might be made by the individual citizen or
those that might combine with him under such
circumstances as I have just indicated. It does not
