50
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
will tsucces&fully lcmove the causes of difference forever
from the arena of national politics.
" Resolved, That the people of Missouri believe that the
peace and quiet of the couutry will be promoted by a con-
vention to propose amendments to the Constitution of the
United States, and this convention therefore urges the Le-
gislature of this State to take the pioper steps for calling
such a convention, In puisuauce of the fifth article ot the
Constitution^ and for providing by law for an election of
one delegate to suqh convention from each electoral dis-
trict in this State.
" Resolved, That, in the opinion of this convention, the
employment of military force by the Federal Government
to coerce the submission ot the seceding States, or the em-
ployment of military force by the seceding States to assail
the Government of the United States, will Inevitably plunge •
this couutrv into civil war, and thereby entirely extinguish
all hope of an amicable settlement of the fearful issues
now pending before the country; we therefore earnestly
entieatas well the Federal Government as the seceding
States to withhold and stay the arm of military power, and
on no pietense whatever bung upon the nation the hoirors
of civil war."
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. KENNEDY. With the consent of the
honorable Senator from Missouri, I ask leave to
make a motion to withdraw some papers from the
files of the Senate.
Mr. POLK. Certainly.
Mr. KENNEDY. I movethatDavidgeRidgely
have leave to withdraw his petition and papers.
The motion way agreed to.
Mr. BINGI-IAM. If the Senator from Mis-
souri will allow me, I desire to make a motion to
withdraw certain papers in a pension case from
the files of the Senate, in order that they may be
presented in the House of Representatives.
Mr. POLK. 1 will cheerfully allow the Sena-
ator to make his motion, though I do not think
that the customary courtesy which the Senate has
been in the habit of extending on similar occa-
sions lias been extended to me. I yield to the
Senator with great pleasure.
On motion of Mr. BINGHAM, it was
Ordered, That Itichnid L. Coiton have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. POLK resumed the floor.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him a moment?
Mr, POLK. Always.
Mr. WILSON. On consultation with one or
two Senators, I have thought that I would make
a proposition to tho Senator, as he seems to be
very anxious to take until to-morrow to conclude
his speech. 1 propose to let this resolution go
over until to-morrow morning, with the under-
standing that we shall now take up the volunteer
bill, go on with it, and finish it to-night, and let
the Senator finish his specch on the joint resolu-
tion to-morrow.
Mr. POLK, t will accede to that proposition.
Mr. WILSON. Then I move to postpone this
resolution until to-morrow, so that we may now
• hill.
reed to.
take up the volunteer h
The motion was agro
MESSAGE FROM Till-: HOUSK.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiicuidck, its Cleric, announced ihnt
the House had passed a bill (No. 1(5) further to
provide for the collection of duties on imports,
and for other purposes; in which the concurrcnce
of the Senate was requested.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed an enrolled bill (S. No. G) to lefund
and remit the duties on arms imported by the
States; which thereupon received the signature of
the Vice President.
Tint; VOLUNTEER HILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next bill in
order is the bill (S. No. 1) to authon/.e the em-
ployment of volunteers to aid in enforcing- the
laws and protecting public, property, which is
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
vThe bill was reported by the Committee on
Military Affairs and Mih tia with amendments;
which were, in the first section, after the word
" numbers,5> in line five, to insert " not exceeding
five hundred thousand men," and in line eight to
strike out "four" and insert "five;" so as to
make the section read:
That the President be, and he is heieby, authorized to
accept the set vices of vuluntceis, either as eav.diy, infan-
try, or aitillery, in such numbers, not exceeding live hun-
dred thousand men, as he may dccmncccssaijr, for the pur-
pose of repelling invasion, suppressing indirection, en-
forcing the laws, and preserving and pioteciui" the public
propeity; and that tho sum ot 0500.000,000, or s-o much
thereof as maybe necessary, be, and the same Is hereby,
appropriated, &c.
Mr. SHERMAN. I see that the amendment
proposes to appropriate money. I suggest to the
chairman of the Military Committee that that is
not proper, but that it is better to confine the bill
to the purpose announced in the title, and to leave
the appropriation to originate in the House of
Representatives. In addition to this objection, a
general appropriation of $,500,009,000 would be
a great embarrassment to the Treasury Depart-
ment. The appropriation ought to be in details,
and will no doubt come to us in due form in proper
bills from the other House. I therefore move to
amend the amendment, if it be in order to do so,
by omitting the appropriation entirely. Let that
be provided for by bills to come from the other
House.
Mr. WILSON. Do I understand the Senator
from Ohio to move to strike out? I think the
motion is a proper one, and I shall consent to it
very chccrfully, as I suppose we shall have the
appropriations from the House of Representatives
in bills which will fix the details.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
is on adopting the amendments reported by the
Committee on Military A [fairs. After that, the
motion of the Senator from Ohio will be in order.
The question now is on the amendment, to iuseit
" not exceeding five bundled thousand men, "after
the word " numbers," in line live of section one.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next amend-
ment is, to strike out " four" and insert " five,"
in the eighth lino of the first section; so as to make
it read, " and that the .sum of $500,000,000, or so
much thereof as may be necessary,'be, and the
same is hereby,appropriated."
Mr. HALE. Now the Senator from Ohio can
make his motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendments
of the committee must first be disposed of.
The amendment was agiced to.
The next amendment was to add to the tenth
section the following clause:
And when vacancies oecin in any of the companies of
volunteer.-!, an election ^hall be called by tho colonel ot this
ie<iunen1 to fill such vaeaneies, and the men ol eaeh com-
pany .•«ha!l vote loi <i!l ofuceis a* high a< captain ; and va-
cancies a Ihh e e.ipt.iin sli.dl b-• Mippln d b\ the vot< .•> of the
oiheei.-! above that lank; ai.d the ollieeis -o elected shall
l>e commissioned by the ie-.pcetive Gaveniois of the tftales.
Mr. COLLAMER. It seems to me, the words
"in their respective companies" should be in-
serted.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment,us amended, was adopted.
The section, as amended, reads as follows:
tfne. 10. . J/id he iL /.o lha enacted, That the geneial com-
manding a M-paiate department, oi a detaehed anm.is
heiebv aiiihoi f/.ed t" appoint a Military bo.ltd oi commis-
sion oi not ir<- than thiec nor moie than live oiiieeis,
wIiom' diity u shad he to examine the capacity, qualinea-
i turn--, piopucty oi conduct., and cth'Meni y o! any coniinja-
! -toneii oiheei ol volunteer, withm hiMh'pait incut oi ai my,
! who may be icpoited to the boaul or commit em ; ami upon
I such repott. il adverse to such olhcer, and if uppioved by
tho Pi-'-.iui'iii ol Us<- United Sia'e^, the comim^.-ion of Mich
olhcer shall he vacated : Pwvidcl ulthat n<> oiheei
shall be eligible to v,t on such hoaid or comun^ton who-e
rank 01 pioinotion would in am uay he affected by n> pio-
ceedingv; ami t\\ o membeis at lea-4, if p: act i cable, -iiall he
ol equal lank of the olhcer being examined; and when
vac ancles occut in a:i\ ol the companies of volunteejs.an
election - hail be called by the colonel ol tho i eminent to lid
-ueh vacancies, and tho men of each eotnpanv shall vote
loi ail olhceis m then le^peelive companies a< h'g'i as cap-
tain; and \ ac.incic-< abo\ e t apiam « hall be supplied by !be
vii"- of 1he odieeix above thai tank; and tiie nfhec ->o
e'ected -dial! becommissioned by the ic-pcctnc. Ciov'etnoi
ot tne Stales.
The next amendment of the committee was to
inseit 1,5 and chaplain," in the fourth lino of the
eleventh section; so as to make it read:
See. 11. Jhvl be it further evaded. That wheruner a
jetiiment of \o!unteei  -hail he mii-roe'd into the -orvice
ot the I'm ted States, the colonel, lieutenant colonel, maun,
adjutant, qiiaite ma<u r, and ciiaplaiu theieof,-hall each
have tho pn\in.ge of i< inking aay letfei Horn .toy peison
bc'on^ins, in anv eapaeirv. to such icg'm'Mit, not w« ichnu;
over two ounce : Pi ox ided, That each Jetrei in addition
to the piopci dncetion to the perr-ou to whom it is ad-
duced, shall bear on the envelope the name and lank of
the writ'M, whethei of the line oi stalfoi oi the company,
and dos'guating, in each case, the letter of the eonipanv,
the number of the ie<nment, and tin, Suite to \\ Inch it be-
longs: tfhid j'loruled. That the pro\ jsions of tin.- ?eetion
shall apply to all i^iments of voluuteeis now in the cCi-
vice of the United States, and shall also apply to separate
companies Oi co ps, not having regimental organization,
lettei& from any member of which may be tlanked by the
commanding officer of such company or corps, under the
regulations above specified: And provided fuilher, That
any person found guilty of anv abu-e or violation of the
puvileges- of this rection shall lorieit and pay a line of
twentv doiiais for the first offense, and for a second offense
he shall he liable to be tried by a eourl-mai tial, and subject
to be eashieied or dismissed fiom the service by the judg-
ment thereof.
The amendment was agreed to. .
.Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am directed by th«t
Committee on Military Afiairs to offer this amend •
ment, to be added at tho end of section five: •
Provided, That such of the companies of cavalry herein
provided for, as may require it, may he furnished with
horses and hor-e equipments in the tame manner as in the
United States Aimy.
The amendment was agreed to.
The section, as amended, readsr
Sec. 5. And he itfaithej enacted, That the officers, non-
commissioned ofliceis; and privates, uigamzed as above set
forth, will, in all icj-pect^, be placed on the looting, as to
pay and allowances, of similar corps of the reguiai Aimy:
Pro tided, That their allowance toi clothing shall be §3 50
per month, and that each company ornear, non-eommis-
sioncd olhcci, puvate, mu'ician, and artificer of cavalry,
shall furnish lu&ownhoise and hoisc equipments, and shall
icceive iorty cents a day foi their use and risk, except that,
in caso the hoise s-hall become di-ab!ed, ot -hall die, the
allowance shall cea.-e until the disability be removed or
another hoise b: supplied, l-'acii cavahy volunteer who
shall not keep himself supplied with <>, >civiccable hoise
shall seive on foot fiveiy vohmteer non-commissioned
ollicci, piivate, mu-ician, and artiheor, w!io entei^ the
set vice of the United States undoi thus act, bluUl be paid at
the late of f.i'ty ecaU m hou of Kiibt-i-tencej and if a cav-
alry volunteei*,twent.\-five cents additional in hen of foi-
age, for eveiy twenty miles of travel from his place of eu-
luiimcnt to iho place of muster—the distance to be mcas-
med by the shoitest usually traveled ioute; and when hon-
orably dischaiged, an allowance at the same rale,from the
piace'of his dineiiaige to his {dace of eniollmovu, and, in
addition thereto, the tfutn of ."$100: Provided, That such of
the companies of cavahy heiein piovided toi as may require
it may be furni.died with horses and horse equipments m
the same manner as in the Untied States Aimy.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike out all of the
first section that appiopriates money.
The Acting Secretary read the words proposed
to be stricken out, as follows:
*' And that the >-uia ot ,-"'333,000,000, ov eo much thereof
a-; m.iv he ne< c^-aiy, l)e,a.id the same is hereby, appropri-
ated, out of any money in the Trca-tny not otheiwise ap-
pivjpiMtcd, to cany tins act into elfect.3'
IMr. SHERMAN. To avoid misapprehension,
\ will say that I do not doubt the power of the
Senate to appropriate this money; but all appro-
priations ought to be made in specific sums for
specific purposes; and no large appropriation of
this kind ought ever to be made, in my judgment.
No doubt bills will be framed on the estimates of
the Secretary of the Treasury, in detail; and they
will be sent to us, and when sent, passed; but no
general appropriation of this kind ought ever to
he made; there should be details.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE. I wish to call the attention of
the chairman of the Military Committee to this
clause m section five:
" Provided, That then allowance for clothing s-hall he
$3 50 pet month."
I wish to ask him if that does not includc the
officers? Was it the intention to allow a com-
mutation fur clothing for officers in the Army ?
It never has been done. I presume the language
has been drawn in this way by some inadver-
tence.
Mr. WILSON. That is a point that has not,
to my knowledge, been considered by the com-
mit ee; eortumly I have not considered it. This
portion of the bill was drawn up from the proc-
lamation of the President calling some of those
men into the field. The Senator may make any
amendment he desires.
Mr. RICI2. I propose, then, that it shall road:
"The allowance fnr no:i-eomni:-^ioned ofiicew and pii-
vates, foi clothing, shall be .<3 oJ pei month."}
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. If seems to me that
that leaves the bill without any provision for
placing these volunteer officers on the same foot-
ing with the regular officers as to pay. This sec- •
tion does not allow clothing to the officers. The
section reads thus:
"That the offieeis, non-commissioned officer, and pri-
i vatcs, oi^amzed as above set lortb, will, m all lespeets,
1 be plac d on the fooiinir, to pay and allowances, oi  mi-
i da. eoipv oi the ic« u!at Aimy."
| Theie is i:o allowance for clothing to commis-
i sioned officers of the regular Army. If the sec-
