54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of revenge. It is not because men haveunwisely
andunpatriotically acted, that therefore you will
reduce them, as has been intimated, to subjugated
provinces. It is not that that you will clothe any
man with the powers of a dictator, to see that the
Republic suffers no detriment, when the clothing
of such a man with such powers would be the de°
struction of every element that ever entered into
an American-Union.
- But, sir, I will not trespass upon the time of the
benate. I have proposed this amendment as in-
aicatxve of my own views, and as explanatory of
my own position.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mi- I'OSIER. The Senator from Delaware,
as I understand it, wishes to strike out "five "and
insert " two," on the ground of making peace.
1 wo hundred thousand men arc too many to make
peace, and too few to make war.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not linow what was
thaunderstanding of the Senator from Connecticut
ot my remark. The idea which I wished to con-
vey to the Senate was, that I would vote men
enough to protect your capital, and to protect
cvei y ktate that is now m this Union, from aggres-
sion. The force I propose is sufficient uTrepel
any attempt at invasion. I do not believe there
. would be any attempt at invasion; but if there
were, we should be prepared to meet it. I believe
that with two hundred thousand men, that num-
ber being adequate to the defense from invasion
of your capital, and to the defense of every State
and lerntory that is now in the Union, at the
earliest possible moment, the people of this coun-
try will get hold of this question, and, by wise
measures of conciliation, they will settle it, and
they will settle it peaceably,and that is myobjeet.
J. he question being [alcen by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 5, nays 32; as follows:
°f M"wo""' K™nc,,J' rolk>
S—AIis-in. Amiiony, liingliain, Miownlii", Ohan-
tm'('i hn l'V^end™, Foot, Fo<-
tei, lillilli ", Hull', Hurl-in, 11-utIs, Umvc, Kiinr, fame til'
Ilidmn:], Lmiu 01 Kuiish, bntliain, iiJcMorrill
Ni '•"iilli,,1 omoroy, Itice Sherman, Sumner, Ten Kvck
lunula,II, Wiulo, Wilkin.-on, uml IViLmiii- >. '
. ^°'he amendment to the amrminiciiL was re-
jected.
made as in Committee of the
VVIiole was concurred in.
J lie bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and'was read the third time.
Oh the question "Shall the bill pass5"
Mr. l'OLK and Mr. POWELL called for the
yeas and nays, and they were oi (lined; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 34, nays 4; as follows;
f|||VrK^lt^4!''S^''>,' '"•>'> l "sli.uii, r.iowun,«, cimn.
f It r, U.nk, (.oflnmer, ('mv.in, 1)i.\i>ii, Dmiliiilv i.-,
Kairas Lnlinim, M<■ jJoi.^.ilI, Men jVcMiiiili,   1
  
andfwTl-T'
Bo the bill wa.s passed.
bill become a law.
A message from the President of the United
States>ljy Mr. Nkoi ay,his Secretary,announced
that the I resid, nt had this day approved and
signed an act (S. JNo. G) to lefunil and remit the
duties on anus imported by St.aos.
nousr; ihll ui;kisjuiei>.
July 10,
The bill (No. Hi) further to provide for the col-
ol duties wn imports, and for otlior pur-
poses, was lead tw.re by lt  title, and referred to
the Committee 011 Commerce.
EXECUTIVE PASSION.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. SUMMER. I hope the Senator from Cal-
ifornia will withdraw the motion to adjourn. It
isnnportaiit that we should go into executive scs-
thei!.'ULATHAM' Certain,y 1 withdraw it, if
mVVtrtvt-d'13",1 bns"lesK to l o transacted,
i k^-MNLR. ] move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the eons,deration of executive busines^
■D.M, tl " WaS. aS,'Ce(I t0'' J11<1 aftC1' SOmC '""f
~pu n, the consideration of executive business,
adjourned re°pC,1C<]' n',d tllC ScMtc thc"
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 10, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton".
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr.PATTow, one of its clerks,"hotifying the House
that the Senate had passed a bill (No. 6) to re-
fund and remit the duties on arms imported by
States; in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
REMISSION OF DUTIES ON IMPORTED ARMS.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the House will agree
unanimously to aWow the bill ju^ reported from
the Senate to be put upon its passage. It is to
remit the duties on arms imported by States. I
understand that yesterday there were several car-
goes of arms imported for at least three States
It would very much facilitate the operations of
the Treasury Department to have this bill passed
at once. Unless, therefore, objection be made, I
move that the bill be put upon'its nassaco
Air. BURNETT. I hope I may be indulged
a moment to offer some remarks. It is not my
purpose to object to the consideration of the bill.
Unanimous consent was given.
Mr. JiUkNE [ 'I'. Mr. Speaker, lam perhaps
one of the few members oil this floor who reo-ard
not only the commencement of this war, bin its
prosecution, as a thing which could have been
avoided, and which might now be avoided, by
proper efforts on the part of the national Legis-
lature of the United States. Entertaining tliese
opinions, I have been one of those who were in-
disposed toresoit to force—to cannon, to bayonet,
and to sword—under any circumstanccs, believing
that, under our theory of government, the States
cannot be held together in that way. Hence it
is my purpose, as a member of this House, rep-
resenting a congressional district of the State of
Kentucky, to oppose, both by my vote and by
my voice, every movement that looks to the pros-
ecution of war against the southern States that
have seceded from the Union.
I hose being my views and sentiments, I can-
not, J will not, under any circumstanccs, give my
vote to measur. s which look to the involvement
of our common country in a long, bloody struggle,
which must, in my judgment, result in injui y to
both sections of the count, y, by the dest'ruenon
ot alt its material interests mid the prostration of
republican representative government on til is con-
tinent. 1 have said all that 1 desire to say; and
the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania call take his
own courso with tin; hill,
I'lie bill was read a first and second time. It
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to refund
and remit the duties and imposts on all arms im-
ported into the United States since the 1st davof
May last, or which may he imported before "the
1st day of January next, by or for the account of
any States, on being satisfied that the said arms
are intended m good faith for the use of the troops
of any State which is, or may be, engaged m
aiding to supmess the insurrection now existui"
against the United States. "
. • WASIIBUIINE moved the previous ques-
tion on the third reading of the bill. *
Mr. RTALLOIiA . May 1 he permitted to ask
the gentleman from Illinois to withdraw the de-
mand f'\r ll'H;^vious question for one moment?
Mi. WASllLUhiNL. If tiie gentleman will
renew the demand for the previous question, I
will withdraw it.
Mr.MALLORY. I will renew if. I have risen,
Mr. speaker, slniply to piotest, hi the name of
iAcntuekyaiuiofhci Union lirmesenuuireson th s
floor against the remarks made by my colleague,
LMi. Jjirxktt.] [Applause.andcnesoP'Good "1
1 stand heie, sir, to pledge the State of Kentucky,
the large a u overwhelming majni ity of the people
of that State, to the support and maintenance of the
Government of the United States, and of the Con-
stitution of the United Strifes. tLoud and eon-
ThWtrFI? "'T^Ti™'Series.] I
ln-bxLAKEK. The Chairmustremindgen- I
tlemen on t.io floor that applause is a violation of :
par.iamentary decoium. He will insist on the I
enforcement of the rules, and hopes the House !
will sustain lum. In case of any u,petition of li
applause or disapproval by the gatlenes the Chair II
will feel compelled to order them to be cleared.
The Chair hopes that spectators will observe the
proprieties of the time and the occasion. These
are not times to convert the national Council Hall
into a theater.
Mr. MALLORY. It is not my intention to
make anything like a lengthy speech at the pres-
ent time, but simply to express the sentiment of
Kentucky in regard to the unfortunate state of af-
fairs that now exists in the United States. We in
Kentucky believe that the peril, the danger, the
destruction of property, the ruin of so many in-
terests in the United States, have been brought
about by the action of those very seceded States of
the South which seem to excite the sympathy of
my colleague so much. That being, in my opinion,
the sentiment of the people of Kentucky, I am
authorized, I think, to say to this House and to
thecountry,that the people of Kentucky, through
their Union Representatives on this floor, stand
ready to support the Government of the United
States in every constitutional means which Con-
giess may think proper to resort to in maintain-
ing the Government and Constitution of the United
States. [Applause.]
In accordance with my promise to the gentle-
man from Illinois, I renew the call for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Pile bill was then ordered to a third reading*
and was accordingly read the third time. '
Mr. BURNETT. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider oil the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADDITIONAL ARMY APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. STEVENS, from tlje Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making additional
appropriations for the suppoitof the Army for
tne fiscal year ending June 30, 18G2, and appro-
priations of aimirages for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 18G1; which was read a. first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
ADDITIONAL NAVAL APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. STEVENS,from the same committee, also
leported a bill making additional appropiiations
W iq?) s«-vice, for the year ending 30th
•June, and appropriations of arrearages for
the year ending 30th June, 1861; which w?s read
a first and second time,referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be punted.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM moved to reconsider
tne votes by which the two bills just reported
lrom the Committee of Ways and'Means were
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
I he latter motion was agreed to.
COLLECTION OP TIIE REVENUE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported back House bill No. 16
further to provide for the collection of duties oil
impoits and for other purposes; asked that the
same might be put on its passage, and called ,ile
previous question.
The Jjill was lead.
^ I lie first section provides that whenever it shall
m the judgment of the President, by reason of
co'>i^ncXtions of persons in opposition
o the laws of the United States, become imprac-
ticable to execute the revenue laws and collec*
he duties on imports by the ordinary means, in
tne ordinary way, at any port of entry in any
co ection distnct, he is authorized to cause such
(lutie*,.to be collected at any port of delivery in
 aiu distnct until such obstruction shall cease;
debvn SUC| inSe !ll0i sul'vuy°ra at said ports of
dciivei y shah be clothed wuh all the powers anil
be subject to all the obligations of collectors at
ports of entry; and the Secretary of the Treasui v
with the approbation of the President, shall ap-
point such number of weighers, gangers, meas-
urers, inspectors, appraisers, and clerks, as may be
necessary, m his judgment, for the faithful exe-
cution of the revenue laws at said jiorts of deliv-
