1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
<ery> and shall fix and establish the limits within
which such ports of delivery are constituted ports
of entry, as aforesaid; and all the provisions of
law regulating the issue of marine papers, the
coasting trade, the warehousing of imports, and
collection of duties, shall apply to the ports of
entry so constituted, in the same manner as they
do to ports of entry established by the laws now
in force.
The second section provides that if, from the
cause mentioned in the foregoing section, in the
judgmentof the President, The revenue from duties
on imports cannot be effectually collected at any
port of entry in any collection district, in the or-
dinary way and by the ordinary means, or by the
course provided 111 the foregoing section, then,
and in that case, he may direct that the custom-
house for the district lie established in any secure
place within said district, either on land or on
board any vessel in said district, or at sea near
the coast; and in such case the collector shall re-
side at such place, or on shipboard, as the case
may be, and there detain all vessels and cargoes
arriving within or approaching said district, until
the duties imposed by law on said vessels and
their cargoes arc paid in cash; provided, that if
the owner or consignee of the cargo on board any
vessel detained as aforesaid, or the master of said
vessel, shall desire to enter a port of entry jn any
other district in the United States where no such
obstructions to the execution of the laws exist,
the master of such vessel may be permitted so to
change the destination of the vessel and car^o in
his manifest, whereupon the collector shall de-
liver him a wntteu peiniit to piocecd to the port
«o designated; and provided further, that the Sec-
ietary of the Treasury shall, with the approba-
tion of the President, make proper t emulations for
the enforcement on shipboard of such provisions
of the laws regulating the assessment and collec-
tion of duties as in his judgment may be neces-
sary and practicable.
The third section provides that it shall be un-
lawful to take any vessel or cargo, detained as
aforesaid, from the custody of the proper officers
of the customs, unless by process of some court
of the United States; and in case of any attempt
otherwise to take such vessel or cargo by any
force, or combination, or assembhi^n of persons,
too great to be overcome by the others of the cus-
toms, it shall and may be lawful for the President,
or such person or persons as lie shall have em-
powered for that purpose, to employ such part of
the Army, or Navy,01 militia ofthe United States,
or such force of citizen volunteers as may be
deemed necessary, for the purpose of picventing
the removal of such vessel or cargo, and protect-
ing the officers of the customs m retaining the
custody thereof.
The fourth section provides that if, in the judg-
ment of the President, from the cause mentioned
in the first section of this act, the duties upon im-
ports in any collection district cannot be cflVoiu-
ally collected by the ordinary means and in the
ordinary way, or in the mode and manner pro-
vided in the foregoing sections of this act, then
and in that case the President is empowered to
close the poit or poits of cntiy in said disiric*.
and in such case give notice theieof by proelanui-
tion; and thereupon all right of importation,
warehousing, and other privileges incident to ports
of entry, shall cease and be discontinued at such
port so closed, until opened by the order of the
President on the cessation of such obstructions;
and if, while said ports arc so closed, any ship or
vessel from beyond the United States, or having
on board any articles subject to duties, shall en-
ter, or attempt to enter, any such poit, the bame,
together with its tackle, apparel, furniture, and
cargo, shall be forfeited to the United States.
The fifth section provides that whenever the
President, in pursuance of the provisions of the
second section ofthe act entitled "An act to pro- ;
vide for calling forth the militia to execute the '
laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, and |
repel invasions, and to repeal the act now in for^c j
for that purpose," approved February 28, 1793, 1
shall have calle&forth the militia to suppress com- j
bmations against the laws of the United States, |
and to cause the laws to be duly executed, and [
the insurgents shall have failed to disperseDy the j
time directed by the President, and when said :
insurgents claim to act under the authority of any ;
State or States, and such claim is not disclaimed t
or repudiated by the persons exercising the func-
tions of government in such State or States, or in
the part or parts thereof in which said combina-
tion exists, nor such insurrection suppressed by
said State or States, then, and in such case, it may
and shall be lawful for the President, by procla-
mation, to declare that the inhabitants of such
State, or any section or part thereof, where such
insurrection exists, are in a state of insurrection
against the United States; and thereupon all com-
mercial intercourse by and between the same and
the citizens thereof, and the citizens of the rest of
the United Slates, shall ccasc, and be unlawful so
long as such condition of hostility shall continue;
and all goods and chattels, wares and merchan-
dise, coming from said State or section into the-
other pints of the United States, and all ptocecd-
lusc to such State or section, by land or water,
shall, together with the vessel or vehicle convey-
ing the same, or conveying persons to or from
such State or section, be forfeited to the United
States; provided, however, that the President
may, in his discretion, liccnsc and permit com-
mercial intercourse with any such part of said
State or section, the inhabitants of which are so
declared in a state of insurrection, in such arti-
cles, and for such time, and by such persons, as
he, in his discretion, may think most conducive
to the public interest; and such intercourse, so
far as by him licensed, shall be conducted and
carried on only in pursuance of rules and regula-
tions prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury.
And the Secretary of the Treasuiy may appoint
such officers at places where officers of the cus-
toms are not now authorized by law as maybe
needed to carry into effect such licenses, rules,
and regulations; and olficeis of the customs and
other officers shall receive for services, under this
section, and under said rules and regulations,
such fees and compensation as arc now allowed
for similar service under other provisions of law.
Section six provides that from and after fifteen
days after the issuing of the said proclamation,
as provided in the last foregoing section of this
bill, any ship or vessel belonging in whole or in
part to any citizen or inhabitant of said State or
part of a State whose inhabitants are so declared
in a state of insurrection, found at sea, or in any
port of the rest of the United States, shall be for-
feited to the United States.
Section s^ven provides that in the execution j
of the provisions ot this act, and of (he other laws j
of the United States pioviding for the collection ;
of duties on imports and tunnagc, it may- and j
shall be lau (ul for the President, in addition to the i
revenue cutters in service, to employ m aid thereof i
such other suitable vessels as may in his judg- j
ment be required. i
Section eight provides that the forfeitures and |
penalties incurred by virtue of this act may be ij
mitigated or remitted m pursuance of the audio- !:
rity vested in the S"eiet.iry of (he Treasury by ]i
the act entitled "Ah act providing for mitigat- n
or remitting the foifeitnres, penalties, and dis- '
abilities acennisg in reitam cases thcicin men- ||
tioned,'" appioved March 1797, or in cases i'j
where sptcial circumstances may srem to require ]j
it, nccoidin^ to i filiations to be prescribed by the ij
Secretai y of the Treasury. j
S"etion nine pioudrs that proceedings on ']
seizm es for forfeiture^ under this act may he pur-
sued in the courts of the United Stales m any dts- !|
tuct into which the proprity so seized maybe jj
taken and pi oceeclini;s 'nstuotcd; and such couits \\
shall have and outeitain as full jun.sdiolion over j!
the same as if the seizure was made in that dis- j|
U Mi-. VALLAJiDlGHAM. 1 dc-irc !n osk the :j
£cnt!rman fVoni Illinois a question 111 rolulion to |
tliiK IniL 11
The SPEAKER. j\o debate is in order, the H
prevjeu-i question having been called, except by !!
unanimous consent. If there be 110 objection, the j
nclltlum.lil Will proccefl. |
Air. VALLANOiGITAM. I meiely desire to ]
ask the gentleman wheiljei this bill is not sub- 1
stantially the same as that reported by my eol- j
league. (Mr. Bingham,] from the Committee on ;
the Je.d:cinry, dnnn°- the last session ? 1
Mr. WASHBURXK. I have not a sufficiently j
distii'ei lecollection ofthe pro* isions of the bill ]
introduced last session by the iiunoiable t;entle- h
man fiom Ohio, to answer the question ck liiu'tely. ;i
Mr. VALLANDlCfH AM. Prom the reading I!
of the bill, my impression is that the first sections
are substantially the same as the bill reported by
my colleague, to which I have referred. Other
provisions have, however, been added. I regard
the bill, in one or two particulars, as manifestly
unconstitutional. I voted against the bill of my
colleague, along with every*gentleman upon this
side ofthe House, once or twice in thelastsessioii,
and I shall vote now as I voted then. Upon so
important a bill, however, I desire to record my
vote; and I suppose gentlemen on the other side
will have no objection to giving us the yeas and
nays on its passage.
Mr. WASHEURNE. I do not propose to
take up any time in the discussion of this bill. It
has been most thoroughly considered in the Treas-
ury Department, anil by the Secretary of the
Treasury himself. It has also been fully consid-
ered by the Committee 011 Commerce at two meet-
ings of that committee, and they unanimously or-
dered me to report it back, and ask the House to
put it on its passage.
In answer to a letter which I addressed to«the
Secretary of the Treasury, asking his views in
detail, he has sent me a communication which I
send to the Clerk's desk, and ask to have read. It
explains fully the provisions of the bill; and when
the reading shall have been completed, I will ask
for a vote upefn the bill, and am willing that the
yeas and nays shall be taken upon its passage.
The letter"was read, as follows: -
Treasury Department, July 9,18G1.
Sir: I have the honoi to acknowledge the lfceipt of your
communication of the $th iik-tant, requesting my views
in detail of the provisions of tli-e "• bill turther to provide
for tlie collection of duties 011 import?, and lor other pur-
poses."
The existing condition of tilings 011 the Mississippi river
and its tributaries is an illustration of the propriety ofthe
piovistons of the l5r?t Fcetion of the bill The port of en-
try is New Oilcans, and the ports of delivery are St. Louis,
Loui'-villo, Cincinnati, Pittsburg, Wheeling, and others?.
Duties undei existing laws can be assessed only at "New
Oileans They may be collected at the port* of delivery.
All the officers necessary lor the assessment of duties-on
jmpoits, such as appiaisew, weighcis, gangers, and meas-
m< 1.®, reside at Now Orleans; but none such aie author-
ized at pons of dcliveiy.
if the duties aie not ascertained at IMew Orleans, there
is no power 01 m-Miis ot <i-eeunining them elsewhere, and
the ln-a s< etion of the bill provide* lor that exigency, by
giving buch power to the siuvevoi at the port 01 delivery
as will enable him to perfoim all the duties of a collector
in reference to any foreign merchandise which may arrive
at his poit without being dulv enleied,arid duties ascer-
tained at the port of entry. The other provisions of that
section are necess.ai> to enable the surveyor to discharge
the dutie< of collector under the laws regulating the coast-
ing trade and the warehousing of imports.
The piovisions of the second and third sections of the
bill aie, m tiub*,tancc, thor-e of the first section of the act
ot -2d Match, 1833, entitled 4,Au act further to piovidc lor
the collection of dulses on impoit*,*' and arc designed to
piovide fortheemeigency contemplated m that act. They
do not seemtorequue any special commcntexceptto&tato
that an option is given to the master ot a vessel arriving
with foreign mciciiandibc, 01 ownei or consignee of the
eaigo, (not given in the act of J833,) either to pay duties
to the collector on slnpboaul or to enter at some other port
whcic the duties maybe collected in the ordinary way.
The connection between the couitsof the State and the
United States being broken, the piovision confining the •
lx-uimi ot process inteifering with the vessel and cargo in
the custody of the collector to courts of the United States,
would seem to be piopcr, and, indeed, necessary, to the
collection of the revenue m the mode proposed.
Tlie tointh section 01 the bill gives to the President the
powm to close a poit of entiv whencvci duties cannot be
collected in the oidmaiy way 01 without too serious in-
convenience and difficulty 111 the modes piovided in the
pte\ ion*flections of the bill. Tlie usht to piesenbe-Rt what
points common e shall be carried on, and duties collected,
has been eveie^ed by Congress fiom Hie origin of the Gov-
ernment in all the vai tou.s laws creating collection districts
and poit> ot enfiy and deliveiy. Tins section merely vests
th<% IV.-iuent with the powei, wheiti it is impracticable or
cMioiiiPly difficult to collect dune* at a port of entry, to
Mi-pciul the privilege of unpoiuuonat that point, giving
due notice o! Mich Mi-pen-aon, and restoring the privilege
when the emeijrc.icy shall have eea&ctf. In tlie condition
oi tlipjg- contemplated in tlie fourth section, no other course
wouid^seeiTi to he open without a practical-abandonment
ot cffoji. to ooh'eet the icvcnue
The lifih an<  MXtli section* ot the bill refcr to tlie game
>ub|ect matier.and contemplate an organized irisuiiection
against the Uniied tfutc*, embrace a State 01 part Of a
Stitc. To p< unit,under sucn circunwtanccs, commerce
to flow u-nnteiiupted in its accustomed channels, would
only add ^tien«tli to the rebellion. Its total co.-auon would
bupir with it a full f-ense of the loss and mi onvenience to
which theii po-ition subjects them. Being in a state of
declared hosuhtv to the United States, the property of the
in-aujrents,audail property proceeding to their relief, would
be liable to confiscation. But theio may be individuals or
sections of a State so m msuncetion that may entertain
lo\al sentiments; and to meet this contingency, it would
fecm prop"rt> ve-ttbe Prudent with the powe.i to peunit,
by special license, commercial inieicom<se to be maintained
with Mich individual or sections: and such a provision is
accouliiigly iii^citeq in the liftli section, ft will be per-
