56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
eeived, by reference to the sixth section, that ample notice
is to be given before vessels belonging to inhabitants of
States in ins-urrection can be seized for forfeiture.
For the ptoiwpt and faithful execution of the provisions
of tins bill, should it become a law, and of existing laws
regulating the collection 01 duties, it is deemed expedient,
as provided m the seventh section, that the President be
authorized to .employ other vessels in addition to thp rev-
enue cutters, now in service. In view of the superior effi-
ciency "ot steam vessels as revenue cutters and coast guaids,
it would be desirable that such power should be conlerred
on the President as will enable him to procure vessels of
that description, also, for the public service.
The propriety of the remaining pi ovisions of the bill giving
t® the court of the United States in any district jurisdiction
over the penalties and forfeitures, and providing for their
remission, is believed to be too apparent to require explan-
ation or lemark.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
S. 1\ CHASE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. E. B. Wasiiuurne, Chairman Committee on Com-
merce, House of Representatives.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. PENDLETON, of Ohio. I call for the
yeas and nays upon ordering the main question.
I am not willing 10 vote upon this bill without fur-
tbev consideration.
Mr. WASHBURNE. X am willing that the
yeas and nays shall be taken upon the passage of
the bill; but I hope the gentleman will not take
the time of the House by calling the yens and
nays upon ordering the main question.
Mr. PENDLETON, of Ohio. I desire to vote
for this bill, if I can properly do so; if it be prop-
erly considered and amended; but I cannot vote
for it if it is to be pressed to a vote now, before I
can have time to read it.
The yeas and nays were not orderc.d.
Mr. WICKXilFr E, 1 wish to make a single
inquiry of the genUemun from Illinois. I under-
stand one of the clauses of the bill to authorize
the suspension of the ports of entry of the States
in rebellion, still recognizing them as ports of en-
fry in the United States. Nom£, 1 am of the im-
pression that there are certain treaties between this
country and other nations making the freedom of
importing goods into all the ports of the United
States unrestricted and unlimited. Has the gen-
tleman examined into that subject, and taken into
consideration the propriety of'abolishing them as
ports of entry, in piefercnce to their suspension
by the Executive5
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 think if the gentle-
man from Kentucky had listened to the commu-
nication from the Necietary of the Treasury, he
would have seen lluit his inquiry is fully an-
swered. The Secretary of the Treasury states in
his communication (hat "the existing condition
of things on the .Mississippi river and its tributa-
ries is an illustration of tue propriety of the first
section of the bill."
Mr. JOHNSON. U is impossible to hear any-
thing read either by the Clerk or by any mem-
ber. I cannot consent to vote for a bill which i
have never read, and do not understand, i there-
fore consider it unnecessary that anything more
in reference to it should be had, and object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the ob-
jection comes too late; but he will state to the
gentleman that the bill has been printed, andean
be obtained by any gentleman by sending to the
document room for it.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The Secretary says:
" The provisions of the second and thiid sections of the
bill «r<> hi sulwtanee tlx^e of the fir^t section of the act of
yd March. 1H33, entitled 4 An act further to provide for the
collection of dotie- on imports,' and aie designed to pro-
vide for the emersjenry contemplated in that act. They do
not serin lo require any special comment except to state
that an option i^ given to the mastei ot a vessel arriving
with a loreign lucrchniidw, or ow net or consignee of the
cargo, (not given m the act of 183;*,) cithci to pay duties
to the collector on ship hoard, or to enter at some other
port whurtj the duties maybe collected m the oidmarv
way.
"The fouith section of the bill gives to the Pi evident the
power to close a poit nt entry whenever duties cannot he
colleen d in the onim.ny w.tv, or without too serious in-
convenience and difficulty m the modes- pi ovidedin the pie-
vious sections of the hill. Tile right to prescribe at what
points commerce shall he earned on, and duties collected
has been e vercised by Coiiirteus tiom the origin of thy Gov--
eminent iri all the various lawsciuutmtrcollection districts
and ports of entry and dehveiy. This section ve^ts the
President with the puwei, wheie it is impiacticahieor ex-
tremely difficult to collect duties at a port of entry, to sus-
pend the pi ivilege of importation at that point, giving? due
nonce of such suspension, and restoring the pi ivilecre when
the emeigency shall have ceased." *
This, I think, answers the interrogatory pro-
pounded by the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. • I understand that
there will be no objection to giving us the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I have no objection to
ordering the yeas and nays.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM demanded the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 136, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Allen, Alley, Ancona, Arnold,
Ashley, Babbitt, Goldsmith F. Bailey, Joseph Batly, Ba-
ker, Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Samuel
S. Blair, Blake, George H. Browne, BuiFinton, Campbell,
Chambeilam, Ambrose W. Clark,Cobb, Colfax, Fiederiek
A. Conkling, Itoscoe Conkling, Conway, Cooper, Covode,
Cox, Cravens, Crisficld, Crittenden, Cutler, Davis, Dawes,
Delano, Delaplame, Diven, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton. Ed-
ward*,Eliot, EugH&h,Fetton,Fessendeu,Fouke,Francliot,
Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Guder, Guriev, Haight,
Ifale, Ilaruson, Hickman, Dolman, Ilorton, Hutchms,
Julian,KeHey,Francis W.Kellogg,Lansing,Law, Lazear,
Leaiy, Lehman, Loomis, Lovejov, McClernand,McKean,
McKrnght, Maliory, Mitchell, Moortiead, Anson 1\ Mor-
rilJ, Justin S. Morrill, Morris, Nixon, Noble, Noell, Nugen,
Odell, Olin, Patton, Perry, Pike, Pomerov, Potter, Potter,
John II. Rice, Richardson, Riddle, Edwaid II. Rollins,
Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabaiger, Sherman,
Sloan, Smith, Spaulding, John 15. Steele, William G.
Steele, Stevens, Stratton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis
Thomas, Thayer, Train, Trimble, Trowbridge, Upton,
Varnlever, Van lioin, Van Valkenburgh, Van Wyck, Ver-
reo, Vibbard, Wall, Wallace, Charles W. Walton, E. P.
Walton, Ward, Washbuine, Webster, Wheeler, Whaley,
Albert S. White, Chilton A. White, Wmdom, Woodruff,
Worcester, and Wright—135.
NAYS—Messrs. Burnett, Harding, Norton, George II.
Pendleton, Reid, Robinson, Vallandigham, Voorhees,
Wadsworth, and Wood—10. .
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. HARDING said: I have had no chance
to examine the bill, and therefore cannot vote for
it. I vote in the negative.
Mr. PENDLETON, of Ohio. As the House
has refused an opportunity for considering the
bill, I vote in the negative.
Mr. WASHBURNE. _ I object to debate.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I was not within
the bar when my name was called, having been
detained at my room by indisposition, and I ask
the unanimous consent of the House for leave to
record my vote.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. If permitted, I
would have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. FISHER (not being within the bar when
his name was called) asked leave to vote.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM objected.
Mr. FISHER stated that he would have voted
in the affirmative.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Speaker, as I have had
no opportunity to read and examine the bill, I ask
leave to be excused from voting on it. I cannot
take the statement of others as to its contents and
effects.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order; nor
is it in order to move to be excused from voting
during the call of the roll.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts (being in his com-
mittee room when his name was called) asked
leave to vote.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM objected.
The vote was announced, as above recorded.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXCUSED FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Speaker, I find that I
have been appointed on the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads; and as I am also a
member of the Committee on Indian Affairs, I
move that I be excused from further service on
the latter committee.
The motion was agreed to.
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON CONTRACTS.
Mr. FENTON. I move that the special com-
mittee on contracts for war supples, &c., be in-
creased from five to seven members.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
MILITARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House that leave be granted to the Committee
on Military Affairs to sit during the session of
the House.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
NATIONAL LOAN.
Mr. STEVENS. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move, then, that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, to consider and act on the national
loan bill. Before the question is taken on thai
motion, I move that general debate on the bill be
closed in one hour after its consideration shall be
commcnced.
Mr. BURNETT. I would like to make an
inquiry of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 1
desire to know whether it is the purpose of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
to give a reasonable opportunity for discussion
on these important bills before they are voted on?
Mr. STEVENS. I propose to give an hour for
the discussion of this bill. I made the motion
because I learned that some gentleman on the
other side desired to make a speech. I am as
willing to accommodate the gentleman on some
future bill. I am not disposed to entirely cutgen-
tlemcn off.
The question was taken; and the motion limit-
ing debate in the Committee of the Whole on the
;?tate of the Union was agreed to.
The House then resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Colfax in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The national loan bill is
the only one before the committee, and will be
taken up for consideration.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move that the
first reading of the bill for information be dis-
pensed with.
The motion was agreed to. The reading of the
bill for amendment was commenced.
Mr.VALLANDIGHAM. Mr.Chairman, in
the Constitution of the United States, which the
other day we swore to support, and by the au-
thority of which we are here assembled now, it is
written:
" All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested In
a Congress of the United States."
It is further written also that the Congress to
which all legislative powers granted are thus com-
mitted—
" Shall make no law abridging the freedom of speech or
of the press.55
And it is yet further written, in protection of
Senators and Representatives in that freedom of
debate here,without which there can be no liberty,
that—
" For any speecli or debate m either House they shall not
be questioned in anyothei place."
Holding up the shield of the Constitution, and
standing here in the place and with the manhood
of a Representative of the people, I propose to
myself, to-day, the ancient freedom of speech
used within these walls; though with somewhat
more, X trust, of decency and discretion than have
sometimes been exhibited here. Sir, I do not
propose to discuss the direct question of this
civil war in which we are engaged. Its present
prosecution is a foregone conclusion; and a wise
man never wastes his strength on a fruitless
enterprise. My position shall at present, for the
most part, be indicated by my votes, and by the
resolutions and motions which I may submit.
But there are many questions incident to the war
and to its prosecution, about which I have some-
what to say now.
x Mr. Chairman, the President, in the message
before us, demands the extraordinary loan of
$400,000,000—an amount nearly ten times greater
than tl)§ Sntire public debt, State and Federal, at
the close of the Revolution m 1783,and four times
as much as the total expenditures during the threo
years' war with Great Britain, in 1812.
Sir, that same Constitution which I again hold
up, and to which 1 give my wlmle heart and my
utmost loyalty, commits to Congress alone the
power to borrow money and to fix the purposes
to wMcli it shall be applied, and expressly limits
Army appropriations to the term of two yeais.
Each Senatorand Representative, therefore, must
judge for himself, upon his conscience and his
