1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8t
oath, and before God and the country, of the jus-
tice and wisdom and policy of the President's
demand; and whenever this House shall have
become but a mere office wherein to register the
decrees of the Executive, it will be high time to
abolish it. But I have a right, I believe, sir, to
say that, however gentlemen upon this side of
the Chamber may differ finally as to the war, wc
are yet firmly and inexorably united in one thing
at least, and that is in the determination that our
own rights and dignities and privileges, as the
Representatives of the people, shall be maintained
in their spirit and to the very letter. And be this
as it may, I do know that there are some here
present who are resolved to assert and to exercise
these rights, with becoming decency and modera-
tion certainly, but at the same time fully, freely,
and ate\ery hazard.
Sir, it is an ancient and wise practicc of the
English Commons, to prccede all votes of sup-
plies by an inquiry into abuses and grievances,
and especially into any infractions of the constitu-
tion and the laws by the Executive. Let us follow
this safe practicc. We are now in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union; and in the
exercise of my right and my duty as a Repre-
sentative, and availing myself of the latitude of
debate allowed here, I propose to consider the
present state of the Union, and supply a!so
some few of the many omissions of the Presi-
dent in the message before us. Sir, he has un-
dertaken to give us information of the state of the
Union, as the Constitution requires him to do;
and it was his duty, as an honest Executive, to
make that information full, impartial, and com-
plete, instead of spreading before us a labored
and lawyerly vindication of his own course of
policy—a policy which has precipitated us into a
terrible and bloody revolution. lie admits the
fact; he admits that, to-day, wc are in the midst
of a general civil war, not now a mere petty
insurrection, to be suppressed in twenty days by
a proclamation and a posse comilatus of three
months' militia.
Sir, it has been the misfortune of the President
from the beginning, that he has totally and wholly
underestimated the magnitude and character of the
Revolution with which he had to deal, or surely
he never would have ventured upon the wicked
and hazardous experiment of calling thirty mil-
lions of people to arms apionij themselves, with-
out the counsel and authority of Congress. But
when at last he found himself hemmed in by
the revolution, and this city in danger, as he
declares, and waked up thus, as the proclamation
of the 15th of April proves him to have waked
up, to the reality and significance of the move-
ment, why did he not forthwith assemble Con-
gress, and throw himself upon the wisdom and
patriotism of the representatives of the States and
of the people, instead of usurping powers which
the Constitution has expressly conferred upon us?
ay, sir, and powers which Congress had but a
little while before, repeatedly and emphatically
refused to exercise, or to permit him to cxercise ?
But 1 shall recur to this point again.
Sir, the President, in this message, has under-
taken also to give us a summary of the causes
which have led to the present revolution. He
has made out a case—he might, in my judgment,
have made out a much stronger case—against the
secessionists and disunionists of the South. All
this, sir, is very well as far as it goes. But the
President does not go back far enough, nor in the
right direction. He forgets the still stronger case
against the abolitionists and disunionists of the
North and West. He omits to tell us that seces-
sion and disunion had a New England origin, and
began in Massachusetts in 1804 at the time of the
Louisiana purchase; were revived by the Hart-
ford convention in 1814, and culminated, during
the war with Great Britain, in sending commis-
sioners to Washington to settle the terms for a
peaceable separation of New England from the
other States of the Union. He forgets to remind
us and the country, that this present revolution
began forty years ago, in the vehement, persistent,
offensive, most irritating and unprovoked agita-
tion of the slavery question in the North and
West, from the time of the Missouri controversy,
with some short intervals, down to the present
hour. Sir, if his statement of the case be the
whole Uuth and wholly correct, then the Demo-
cratic party and every member of it, and the Whig
party, too, and its predecessors, have been guilty
for sixty years of an unjust, unconstitutional, and
most wicked policy in administering the affairs of
the Government.
But, sir, the President ignores totally the vio-
lent and long-continued denunciation of slavery
and slaveholders, and especially since 1835—I
appeal to Jackson's message for the date and
proof—until at last a political anti-slavery organ-
ization was formed in the Nort+nind West, which
continued to gain strength year after year, till at
length it had destroyed and usurped the place of
the Whig party, and finally obtained control of
every free State in the Union, and elected himself,
through free-State votes alone, to the Presidency
of the United States. He chooses to pass over
the fact that the party to which he thus owes his
place and his present power of mischief, is wholly
and totally a sectional organization; and as such
condemned by Washington, by Jefferson, by
Jackson, Webster, and Clay,and by all the found-
ers and preservers of the Republic, and utterly
inconsistent with the principles, or with the peace,
the stability or the existence even, of our Federal
system. Sir, there never was an hour, from the
organization of this sectional party, when it was
not predicted by the wisest men and truest pa-
triots, and when it ought not to have been known
by every intelligent man in the country, that it
must sooner or later precipitate a revolution and
the dissolution of the CJnion. The President
forgets already that, on the 4th of March, lie de-
clared that the platform of that party was " a law
unto liim," by which he meant to be governed
in his administration; and yet that platform an-
nounced that whereas there were two separate
and distinct kinds of labor and forms of civiliza-
tion in the two different sections of the Union,
yet that the entire national domain, belonging in
common to all the States, should be taken, pos-
sessed, and held by one section alone, and con-
secrated to that kind of labor and form of civili-
zation alone which prevailed in that section which
by mere numerical superiority, had chostfti the
President, and now has, and for some years past
has had, a majority in the Senate, as from the
beginning of the Government it had also in the
House. He omits, too, to tell the country and
the world—for he speaks, and wc all speak now,
to the world and to posterity—that he himself and
his prime minister, the Secretary of State, de-
clared three years ago, and have maintained ever
since, that there was an "irrepressible conflict"
between the two sections of this Union; that the
Union could not endure part slave and part free;
and that the whole power and influence of the
Federal Government must henceforth be exerted
to circumscribe and hem in slavery within its ex-
isting limits. .
And now, sir, how comes it that the President
has forgotten to remind us, also, that when the
party thus committed to the principle of deadly
hate and hostility to the slave institutions of the
South, and the men who had proclaimed the doc-
trine of the irrepressible conflict, and who, in the
dilemma or alternative of this conflict, were re-
solved that " the cotton and rice fields of South
Carolina, and the sugar plantations of Louisiana,
should ultimately be tilled by free labor," had ob-
tained power and place in the common Govern-
ment of the States, the South, except one State,
chose first to demand solemn constitutional guar-
antees for protection against the abuse of the tre-
mendous power and patronage and influence of
the Federal Government, for the purpose of se-
curing the great end of the sectional conflict, be-
fore resorting to secession or revolution at all?
Did he not know—how could he be ignorant that
at the last session of Congress, every substantive
proposition for adjustment and compromise, ex-
cept that offered by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Kellogg]—and wo all know how it was
received—came from the South ? Stop a moment,
and let us see.
The committee of thirty-three was moved tor
in this House by a gentleman from Virginia, the
second day of the session, and received the vote
of every southern Representative present, except
only the members from South Carolina, who de-
clined to vote. In theSenate,thecommitteeof thir-
teen was proposed by a Senator from Kentucky ,
[Mf.PowDi.i,,] and received the silent acquiescence
of every southern Senator present. 1 he Crittenden
propositions, too, were submitted also by another
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] now
a member of this House; a man venerable for his
years, loved for his virtues, distinguished for his
services, honoredforhis patriotism; for four-and-
forty years a Senator, or in other public office;
devoted from the first hour of his manhood to" the
Union of these States; and who, though he him-
self proved his courage fifty years ago, upon the
battle-field against the foreign enemies of his coun-
try t is now, thank God, still for compromise at
home, to-day. Fortunate in a long and well spent
life of public service and private worth, he is
unfortunate only that he has survived a Union
and, I fear, a Constitution younger than himself.
The Border State propositions also were pro-
jected by a gentleman from Maryland, not now a
member of this House, and presented by a gen-
tleman from Tennessee, (Mr. Etheridge,) now
the Clerk of this House. And yet all tliese prop-
ositions, coming thus from the South, were sev-
erally and repeatedly rejected by the almost uni-
ted vote of the Republican party m the Senate and
the House. The Crittenden propositions, with
which Mr. Davis, now President of the Confed-
erate States, and Mr. Toombs, his secretary of
State, both declared in the Senate that they would
be satisfied, and for which every southern Sena-
tor and Representative voted, never, on .any oc-
casion, received one solitary vote from the Re-
publican party in cither House.
The Adams or Corwin amendment, so-called,
reported from the committee^of thirty-three, and
the only substantive amendment proposed from
the Republican side,was but a bo.ie promise that
Congress should never be authorized to do what
no sane man ever believed Congress would at-
tempt to do—abolish slavery in the States where it
exists; and yet even this proposition, moderate
as it was, and for which every southern member
present Voted, except one, was carried through
this House by but one majority, after long and
tedious delay, and with the utmost difficulty—
sixty-five Republican members, with the resolute
and determined gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Hickman] at their head, having voted against
it and fought against it to tile very last.
And not this only, but, as a part of the history
of the last session, let me remind you that bills
were introduced into this House proposing to
abolish and close up ceitaiu southern posts of
entry; to authorize the President to blockade the
southern coast; and to call out the militia and
accept the services of volunteers, not for three
years merely, but without any limit as to either
numbers or time, for the very purpose of enforcing
the laws, collecting the revenue, and protecting the
public property; and were pressed vehemently and
earnestly in this House prior to the arrival of the
President in this ctiy.and were then, though seven
States had seceded and set up a government of
their own, voted down, postponed, thru&'t aside,
or in some other way disposed of, sometimes by
large majorities in this House, till at last Congress
adjourned without any action at all. Peace then
seemed to be the policy of all parties.
Thus, sir, the case stood at twelve o clock on
on the 4th of March last, when, from the eastern
portico of this Capitol, and in the presence of
twenty thousand of his countrymen, but envel-
oped in a cloud of soldiery which no other Amer-
ican President ever saw, Abraham Lincoln took
the oath of office to support the Constitution, and
delivered his inaugural—a message, 1 regret to
say, not written in the direct and straightforward
language which becomes an American President
and an American statesman, and which was ex-
pected from the plain, blunt, honest man of the
Northwest, but with the forked tongue and
crooked counsel of the ]N"cw York politician,
leaving thirty milliofts of people in doubt whotner
it meant peace or war. But whatever may have
been the secret purpose and meaning of the in-
augural, practically for six weeks the policy of
peace prevailed; and they were weelo of happi-
ness to the patriot, and prosperity to the countty.
Business icvived; trade returned; commerce Nour-
ished. Never was there a fairer prospect before
any people. Secession m the past lai.2,uished,
and was spiritless and harmless; secession ill the
future was arrested, and perished. By over-
whelming majorities, Virginia, Kentucky, INorth
Carolina, Tennessee, and Missouri all declared
for the old Union, and every he.iit boat high with
hope thatin due course of time, and through faith
