60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
demands the sacrifice of the Constitution and of the
dearest securities of property, liberty, ,and life,
cannot be just; at least it is no,t worth the sac-
rifice.
Sir, I am obliged to pass by, for want of time,
other grave and dangerous infractions and usurp-
ations of the President since the fourth of March.
I only allude casually to the quartering of soldiers
in private houses without the consent of the own-
ers, and without any manner having been pre-
scribed by law; to the subversion in a part at least
of Maryland of her own State government and of
the authorities under it: to the censorship over the
telegraph,and the infringementrepeatedly, in one
or more of the States, of the right of the people to
Iceepand tobcararmsfortheirdefense. Butifall
these things, I ask, have been done in the first two
months after the commencement of this war, and
by men not military chieftains and unused to
arbitrary power, what may we not expect to see
in three years, and by the successful heroes
of the fight? Sir, the power and rights of the
States and the people, and of their Representa-
tives, have been usurped; the sanctity of the pri-
vate house and of private property has been in-
vaded; and the liberty of the person wantonly
and wickedly stricken down; free speech, too,
has been repeatedly denied; and all this under the
plea of necessity. Sir, the right of petition will
follow next—nay, it has already been shaken;
the freedom of the press will soon fall after it;
and let me whisper m your car, that there will be
few to mourn over its loss, unless, indeed, 1(3 an-
cient high and honorable character shall he res-
cued and K'deomed from its present reckless men-
dacity and degradation. Freedom of religion will
yield loo, at last, amid the exultant shouts of
millions, who have seen its holy temples defiled
and its white robesofa former innoeency trampled
now under the polluting hoofs of an ambitious
and faithless or fanatical cleigy. Meantime
nauonal banks, bankrupt laws, a vast and perma-
nent public debt, high tariffs, heavy direct tax-
tion, enounous expenditure, gigantic and stu-
pendous peculation, anarchy first and a strong
government aftoi wards, no more State linen, no
more State governments, and a consolidated mon-
archy or vaste.entrahzed military despotism, must
all follow in the history of the future, as m the
history of the oast they have, centimes ago, been
wiiiten. Sir, 1 have said nothing, and have time
<0 say nothing now, of the immense indebted-
ness and the vast expenditures which have already
nc< rued, nor of the folly and mismanagement of
the war so far, nor of the, atrocious and shame-
less peculations and frauds which have disgraced
it in the Stale governments and the I'Yderal (Jov-
ernment from the beginning. The avenging hour
for all these will come hereafter, and I pass them
by now.
1 have finished now,Mr. Chairman, what 1 pro-
posed to say at this time upon the message of the
Piesident. As to my own position in regard to
this mo.st unhappy civil war, 1 have only to say
that J stand to-day ju«t whcre^l stood upon the
foul ih of Ma 1 ch last; who e the whole Democratic
P'ir'y, and the whole Constitutional Union party,
and a vast majority, as 1 believe, of the people
of the United States .stood too. 1 am for peaca*
speedy, immediate, honorable peace, with all iH
blessings. Others may have changed: 1 have no*.
I question not their motives nor quarrel with their
course. It is vain and futile for them to question
or to quarrel with mine. My duty shall be dis-
charged: calmly, firmly, quietly, and regardless
of consequences. The approving voice of a con-
science void of offense, and the approving judg-
ment which shall follow " after some time be
past," these, God help me, are my trust and my
support.
Sir, I have spoken freely and fearlessly to-day,
as became an American Representative and an
Ameiican citizen; one firmly resolved, come what
may, not to lose his own constitutiou.il libei lies,
nor to suriender his own constitutional rights in
the \ain effort to impose these rights and liber-
ties upon ten millions of unwilling people. I have
.spoken earnestly, too, but yet not as one unmind- j
ful of the solemnity of the scenes which surround j
us upon every side to-day. Sir, when the Con- j
of the United States assembled here on the !
3doi December, ltfGO, just seven months ago, the 1
Senate was composed of sixty-six Senatoix, rep- l
resuming the thirty-throe States of the Union, and !
this House of two hundred and thirty-seven mem-
bers—every State being present. It was a grand
and solemn spectacle; the embassadors of three
and thirty sovereignties and of thirty-one million
people,the mightiest republic on earth, in general
Congress assembled. In the Senate, too, and this
House, were some of the ablest and most distin-
guished statesmen of the country; men whose
names were familiar to the whole country—some
of them destined to pass into history. The new
wings of the Capitol had then but just recently been
finished, in all their gorgeous magnificence, and,
except a hundred marines at the navy-yard, not
a soldier was within forty miles of Washington.
Sir, the Congress of the United States meets
here again to-day; but how changed the scene.
Instead of thirty-four States, twenty-three only,
one less than the number forty years ago, are
here or in the other wing of the Capitol. Forty-
six Senators and a hundred and seventy-three
Representatives constitute the Congress of the
now United States. And of these, eight Senators
and twenty-four Representatives, from four States
only, linger here yet as deputies from that great/
South which, from tho beginning of the Govern^
meut, contributed so much to mold its policy, tp
build up itsgreatness, and to control its destinies.
All the other States of that South are gon£.
Twenty-two Senators and sixty-five Remeseijt-
atives no longer answer to their names. The va-
cant seats are, indeed, still here; and the escutch-
eons of their respective States look down now
solemnly and sadly ftom these vaulted ceilings.
But the Virginia of Washington and Henry and
Madison, of Marshall and Jefferson, of Randolph
and Monroe, the birth place of Clay, the mother
of states and of presidents; the Oarolinax of Pinck-
ney and Sumpter and Maiion, of Calhoun and
Macon; and Tennessee, the home and burial
place of Jackson; and other States, too, once
most, loyal and true, are no longer here. The
voices and the footsteps of the gieat dead of the
past two ages of the Republic, linger still, it may
be in echo, along the stately eomdors of this
Capitol; but their descendants from nearly one
half of the States of the Republic will meet with
us no morewithm these marble*halls. But in
the paries and lawns, and upon the broad avenues
of this spacious city, seventy thousand soldiers
have supplied their places; and the morning drum-
beat from a score of encampments within sight of
this beleaguered capital, give melancholy warning
to the lepiesentatives of the States and of the peo-
ple, that AM in ARMS l,VWS Alii; MI.KN'T.
Sir, some years hence, I would fain hope some
months hence, if 1 dare, the present generation
will demand to kfrow the cause of all this; and
some ages hereafter the giand and impartial tu-
bulin! of history will make solemn and diligent
inquest of the authors of this terrible revolu-
tion,
Mr. HOLM AN. Let me ask the gentleman
from Ohio one question before he takes his seat.
Is he in fa\or of the Govei nmont suspending its
efforts to maintain the inn-gi uy of the Union, and
of recognizing the so-called acceded States as a
separate nationality ? While he censures the pol-
icy of the A d nun is t ration, we would like to know
whether he goes with his constituents in demand-
ing that the Constitution must and shall be pre-
served 5
Mr. VALLANDlCrllAM. I will answer the
gentleman in the wmds of a resolution, which I
piopose to oifei at some future time. -1 ask the
Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolve'!, That the Fodern! C.'ovcirunout i-' tho a<rent of
the people of the *ewia! Stale- compo^ti" the t'mon ;
th.it it eon-iM^- of tlnee dMinel departments—the ]02i>la
tivc, lite '*\oi'ufi v e, and tin* jiuheui—e.aeh equaih a p<ui of
the (Jovernnienf ;iu<l eqtiulh entitled to the confidence and
suppoitol the State* and the people; and that :t i-> the duly
01 every panmf to mi-mui the departments* of tie;
Goverinnent i u tin* evnu oi all the eon - u t n tsonui pow- I
eis of each winch may he le'ec^atyand ptop' r foi the
picM'i vaimn of the (.'m\ eminent ui jh pi meiples and m its
vi«nji and iniecf|i!\. and to -land b\ and detend to The ut-
most the d.tji winch icpic-ent^ tho Government, the Union,
and tin; eounti\.
Mr. T10LMAX. While the gentleman cen-
suses the Administration, let me ask him whether, i
with his own constituents, hois resolved that the i
Union shall b<- maintained 5 '!
Mr. VALLANDJUHAM. My votes shall d
speak for me on that subject. My position is do- ji
fined 111 the icsolution jus tread, i am answerable ||
only to my conscience and to my constituents,
and not to the gentleman from Indiana.
• The CHAIRMAN. The time fixed for general
debate has now expired.
The bill was then read through. It provides
that the Secretary of the Treasury be authorized
to borrow on the credit of the United States, within
twelve months from the passage of this act, a sum
not exceeding$250,000,000, or^o much thereof as
he may deem necessary for the public sci vice, for
which he is authorized to issue certificates of cou-
pon or registered stock, or Treasury notes, in
such proportions of each as he may deem advis-
able; the stock to bear interest not exceeding seven
per cent, per annum, payable semi-annually, irre-
deemable for twenty years, and after that period
redeemable at the pleasure of the United Stales;
and the Treasury notes to be of any denomination
fixed by the Secretary of the Treasury, not less
than fifty dollars, and to be payable three years
/after date, with interest at the rate of seven and
three-tenths per cent, per annum, payable annu-
ally on the notesof fifty dollars, and semi-annually
on the notes of a larger denomination. And the
Secretary of the Treasury may also issue in ex-
change for coin, nnd as part of the above loan4or
may pay for salaries or other dues from the Uni-
ted States, Treasury notes of a less denomination
than fifty dollars, not bearing interest, but payable
on demand by the Assistant Treasureisqf the
United States at Philadelphia, New York, or Bos-
ton, or Treasury notes bearing iuleiest at the late
of three and sixty-five hundredths per cent., and
•^exchangeable at any time for cei tificates of stock,
<\v Treasury notes for fifty dollars and upwards,
issued under the authority of this act, and bearing
interest as specified above; provided, that no such
exchange of such notes in any less amount than
$100 shall be made at any one time.
The Treasury notes and certificates of stock,
issued under the provisions of this act, shall be
signed by the First Comptroller or the Registerof
the Tieusui y, and by huch other officer or officers
of the Ticasnry as the Secretary oPthe Treasury
may designate; and all such obligations, of the
denomination of fifty dollars and upwards, shall
be issued under the seal of the Treasury Depart-
ment. The registered stock shall be transferable
on the books of the Treasury on delivery of the
certificate, and the coupon stock and Treasury
notes shall be transferable by delivery. The in-
terest coupons may be Signed by such person or
persons as may be designated by the Secretary of ■
the Treasury, who shall fix the compensation for
the same.
TheSecretaryoftheTreasuryshall cause books
to be opened for subscription to the Treasuiy
notes for fifty dollars and upwards at such places
as he mav designate in the United States, and
under such rules and regulations as he may pre-
scribe, to be supei intended by the assistant treas-
urers of the United States at their respective lo-
calities, and at other places by such depositaries,
postmasters, and other persons as he may desig-
nate, notice thcieof being given 111 at least two
daily papers of this city, and in one or more pub-
lic newspapers published m the yeveial places
where subscription books may he opened; and
subscriptions for such notes may be received from
all persons who may desire to subscribe, any la\v
to the contrary notwithstanding; and if a la'rger
amount shall be subsciibed 111 theaggiegate than
is required at one time, the Secretui y'of the Treas-
uty is aiuhonzed to receive the same, should he
deem it advantageous to ihe public interest; and
i( not, ho shall accept the amount required by giv-
ing the preference to the smaller subscriptions;
and flie Secretary of the Treasury shall fix the
compensations of the public officeisor others des-
ignated for receiving said subscriptions; provided,
that foY performing this or any other duty in con-
nection with this act, no compensation for ser-
vices rendered shall be allowed or paid to any
public officer whose sahuy is established bylaw;
and the Secretary of tho Treasury may also make
such other rules and icgulatams as he may deem
expedient touching the installment to be paid on
any subscription at the time of subscribing, and
further payments by installments or otherwise,
and penalties for non-payment of any installment,
and also concerning the receipt, deposit,and safe-
keeping of money received from such subscrip-
tions until the same can be placed in the posses-
sion of the official depositaries of the Treasury,
