62
THE* CONGRESSIONAL GLOBJ.
July 11,
man from New York [Mr. Fentcn] was referred
to the Committee on 'Naval Affairs. It properly
should go to the Committee on Commerce.
The vote was veconsidcrcd; and the bill was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
Mr, VALLANDIGHAM, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
^ Resolved, That the select committee appointed to inves-
tigate certain Government contuiets be instructed to in-
quire also into the circumstances of hiring, by the Govern-
ment, of the steamer Catiline, and report the gam" to the
House.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WARD. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill.
Mr. COLFAX. I object; and I object for the
purpose only of making a suggestion. It will be
Monday week before we can, as a matter ol right
under the rules, offer any bills for reference, ex-
cept by unanimous consent. Now, if we desire
to get away speedily, as I believe we all do, 1
would suggest, as wo have an hour before dinner
time, that we spend that time in the introduction
of bills for reference.
Mr. WARD. That iw all I desire to do.
Mr. COLFAX. And with the understanding
that bills shall not be brought back by a motion
to reconsider.
Mr. liLFltiNTETT. But each member should
be allowed to jud^c for himself wlu-ther a bill
should e.ome iy. I desire to make no factious
opposition (o the introduction of bilk), but I do
not desire the rules to be so changed that 1 shall
not have a right to object to a bill when, in con-
science, I do not think it should be introduced
and refened.
Air. COL!(,AX. My only object is to expe-
dite business. ]f gentlemen have bills which
they think must be referred, if they can get no
other oppni (unity, they will wait until Monday
week and they introduce and lefei them. i\lv
proposition will expedite the matter. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky will have the right to vote
gainst the bills if they are repoited hack from
the commute;^.
Mr. IHJliMISTT. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to exclude motions lo reconsider?
Mr. ('OLI< AX. < eriainly. 'I'he hills are only
to he reierred, so that the committees can «/o to
woik. ,J
Mr. WA 111). 1 object, to the pioposition, as
the ''rntfemnn ubj.-cis lo my introducing a bill.
Mr. .K KU ,01.11 I, of Illinois. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly (at three o'clock, p.
m.) adjourned.
IN SUNT ATI*.
Turns]) V V, July 11, |Pj;i.
Prnyer by the Chaphnt, KVy. Or. Mr-.vnr.KT.AN'n.
i. he J ournal nl yeeterday was read and approved.
NOTICH OS'1 A 1JILL.
Mr, SAULsIjUllA . 1 wish to give notice that
on to-muuow, or some subsequent day, 1 shall
ask leave to int roduce a join 11 esolut ion pioposing i
amendments to the Constitution of the United !
States, with a view to 1 ho peaceable adjustment of
our national tumbles.
PUOPOSUl) NATIONAL AlvMOUY.
Mr. GUI,\ IKS. I present t!ie' joint resolutions
of the Legislature < f the.Siofe ol'lmr.'i, hudtu<'Ait\<j;
their .Sei'ator-, and lvrjuej-umg their Ivepicsenta-
tives, to vole for the establishment o! an arsenal
ruid armory on iUwk K!ami,in t tie Stn >r of Illinois.
I give noiiee that to-morrow 1 shall introduce a
biil in accoui,ince with the instructions that arc
contained it  the-,, iPS' i;iiions, and shall ask for i
its^passago as -i \,ar meas.ire of the «ivu(esi sj«- i
miicanee. [ jpove that the lesolutions be read,
punted, and u fei u-d to the Comma tee on Military :
A flairs and (h«j Ajilitun
The motion \vms agreed to. !
Mr. hLO \V^ !XG prcisen'ed the petition of a 1
eommitleo of citizens of the city of lloek U.and, '
Hindis, noiym-for the eslaidt^hme-.t of an aim-
cry on Rock island, in that fc'tato; which was re-
tired to tno Committee on .Military Allans and |
Aimaa; ano a motion by Mr. Drowning topiint !
the petition, was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. TEN EYCK presented joint resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of New Jersey,
recommending the establishmentof an armory in
that State; which were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
COLLECTION OS1 DUTIES.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
1G) further to provide for the collection of duties
on imports, and for other purposes, have directed
me to report the same back, with a recommenda-*
tion that it do pass; and as it is a very important
measure—and I presume there will be no oppo-
sition to it—1 a%k that it be put on its passage at
once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read for information.
The Acting Secretary read the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) wFhc bill which has just been read
has been reported from the Committee on Com-
merce, and the chairman of the committee asks
for its present consideration. It requires unani-
mous consent to consider the bill on the day it is
reported.
Mr. HALE. I do not wish to suggest any
opposition to the bill; but it is a very important
bill, and as 1 heard it read I think there are some
features that ought to be examined. Whiie I
have every confidencc in the committee, I think it
due to the serious natuio of the subject that the
bill should he over one day.
ThePRESI D1NC-J OFFICER. Objection being
made to its present consideration, the bill will he
over. '
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HALF, asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 9) to
alter and irgulate the Navy ration; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Allans.
lie also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to inti oduce a bill (S. No. 10) author-
ising an additional naval force in the time of war
or insuirection; which was read twice by its title,
and lefciled to die Committee on Naval Affairs.
Lie also ask<d, and by unanimous consent
obtained, have to introduce a hill (S. No. II)
authorizing and ivgtdating; (he employment of
volunteers in the Navy; whith was read twice by
its title, and referred to the CoirumtUoe on Naval
Allan s.
He also, in pursuance of previous notice, asked
and obtained leav#to mtioduce a bill (S. No. 13)
to ptovide for the temporary increase of the
Navy; which was lead twice by its title, and
reierred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
li<  also :u ked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, have to introduce a bill (S. No. 13) to
increase1 the number of paymasteis in the Navy,
and to provide for the appointment of assistant
paymasters; which was lead twice by its title,
and refened to the Committee on Naval Affairs..
lie also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 14) for
tln^ better oigiuu/aiion of the Marine Corps;
which was read twice by its title, and refeired Lo '
the Committee Oil IN.nal Affairs. _ I
lie also asked, and by unanimous consent oh- J
faincul, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S. I
jXo. ,j) in relation to the Katal Academy; which j
was lv,ul tv/ifi by its title, an J referred to the i
Committee en iVaval A flairs. j
ile also asked, and by unanimous consent ob- i
tallied, leave to mtiodtue a bill (S. No. lo) author- 1
lznr; tin- punting of w.ueli and station bills. j
I\tr. HALE. As 1 want all theso bills lo go I
to the Uinnnultee on jXav.il AiT,ih\i, and u-e pro- j
pos<Mo meet to-morrow, 1 ask the indulgence of
the Senate tha! tnese i>tlis br ordered to be prm ted, j
so that die committee may have them tn-morrow. i
In making this motion, [ will state that two or
three ol tliesj bills relate to the same, .subject, and '
possibly one may be a.substitute for another. Idol
not pledge myselt, in introducing them, to sustain !
them. They ,ue various propcsit'ions coining from !
vanous potin es, and 1 \wsli In have them all !
printed, that tlmy may bo befme the Naval Com-
mittee. i move that all tW(; bilL- bo prjiitcd.
The motion was agieed to.
Mr. 'I Klj ..Vtti(JLL asked,and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
16) concerning the Attorney General and the at-
torniesand marshals of the several districts; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciaiy.
Mr. FOOT asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 17) con-
cerning the pay of the office is of the revenue cut-
ter service; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
PAY tIF VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
15) to provide for the payment of the militia and
volunteers called into the service of the United
States, by proclamation of the President, dated
April, 1861, from the time they were called into
service to the 30th day of June, 1861, have in-
structed me to report the bill back with several
verbal amendments mostly, and to ask that it
be passed at once, if there is no objection on the
part of the Senate. It provides for the payment
of the volunteers called out, and'the money is
very much needed immediately.
No objection being made, the bill jvas consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. Itproposes
to appropriate the sum of $6,000,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, to enable the Gov-
ernment to pay the militia and volunteers called
into service of the United States by proclamation
of the President, dated April, 1861.
The lii st amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was in lines four and five, to strike out
the words " six millions of," and insert " live
million seven hundred and sixty thousand;" so
that the bill will read: " the sum of <5,760,000."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the amount of
the estimate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to strike out all of the bill, after the
word "States," in line seven, in the following
words: " by proclamation of the President, dated
April, 1861," and insert, "being an additional
amount required for the fiscal year endine; June
30, 1861." b
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amend-
ed, and the amendments'were concurred in.
Air. THOMSON. I shall vote for the bill; and
I rise for the purpose of saying that, and at the
same time of saying thatl regret very much that
I was cailed out of my place in the Senate yes-
terday when the vote was taken oil the bill to
authorize the employment of volunteers, &c.—
Senate biil No. 1—for which I should have voted
it I had been here. 1 will take the occasion'to
say turther: that I shall vote for all proper meas-
ures to bring the war which is now waging against
the Union to a speedy and successful issue.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mi. FESSENDEN, the title was
amended to read as follows:
An act to provide for the payment of the militia
and volunteers called into the service of the Uni-
ted States, from the time they were called into
service to the 30th day of June, 1861.
LOAN! BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridoe, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 14) to authorize a
national loan, and for other purposes; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the bill was
read twice by us title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
JUDGES OF DISTRICT COURTS.
Mr. TRUMCULL submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, Tli.it the Secretary of State he dneeted to fnr-
^',1', owt""-0"'"11 'i10 "i""l;-"f«iejmlg<-softln.<livtiiot
oaiu in the \ai ell- mm- of the Union ; and aUo with a
list ol tiie difttuctf. iii wineli tiieie me vjciiucic.s.
EXPULSION 0It SKNATOIiS.
Mr. CLAUIv. I move now to take up the
resolution winch I submitted yesterday in regard
to the expulsion of certain mcmbersof the Senate.
1 lie motion wa« agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
YViiei cas a cons-piracy has been foi med against the peaee?
