66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
had been pressing down upon the citizens; and
I believe was carried out in good faith by both
of those honorable gentlemen. Under it, the
large forces that had been gathered at Jefferson
City when an attack was expected there after the
assault upon' Camp Jackson, were dispersed by
the Governor. The citizens were advised to re-
sume their ordinary pursuits. And it is but just
to General Harney to say I believe it was his
intention also to undo, as far as he thought it was
consistent with his duty to do so, those things
that had been so irritating, and so well calculated
t% produce-discontent and outbreaks among the
citizens of the State; for shortly after this the
prisoners who had been brought down fromPotosi
were released from imprisonment, and the military
thathad been stationedatcommmandingpositions
around the city, so as to control it by their artil-
lery, were, at least some of them, ordered back
again into the arsenal, and perhaps some to Jef-
ferson barracks, a few miles below the city of St.
Louis.
One of the Camp Jackson prisoners who had
been confined in the arsenal, Captain Emmett
McDonald, refused to give the parole that was re-
quired by General Lyon before he would dis-
charge the prisoners. Very soon a petition for a
habeas corpus was filed with a view of testing the
legality of his imprisonment; but probably before
that writwas served on General Iiarncy, Captain
McDonald was transported across the Missis-
sippi river, and committed to the custody of a
colonel who commanded a regiment that was sta-
tioned at Caseyville, Illinois. Prom there he was
taken down to the city of Cairo. This writ of
habeas corpus came up before Judge Trout of the
district court of the United States, hi is jurisdiction
was disputed. After an elaborate examination,
in an able opinion, he decided that the court had
jurisdiction, and the general was ordered to an-
swer. He filed his answer. The answer was
excepted to as being insufficient. After thorough
examination and argument on both sides, the
United States being represented by coun.se! as
well as Captain McDonald, the court decided the
answer was insufficient. General Harney then
made another and final answer; and on that final
answer, it turned out that on the very day when
the answer was served, he was superseded in the
command of the post at St. Louis. The order
superseding him bore date on the lfith of May, but
was not served until about I he 529th or ,'lOth, More
than two weeks had intervened between thedute of
theorderand the delivery of it to General llarney.
The first inquiry that presents itself heie inci-
dentally is, why, if that order was executed when
it bore date,was it holdup for mo longa time; and
if it were not executed when it bore date, hut was
antedated, why the necessity of resorting to any
such unworthy contrivance? This Anther re-
markable fact was subsequently disclosed: in a
proclamation issued by General Lyon, of the date,
1 think, of the 15th o( May, there is a eopyofan
order sent from the Adjutant General's Ofliee at
Washington to General Harney, in command of
the post at St. Louis, dated on the i27ih of Apiil,
about two weeks after the order sent from the
same office superseding him in his command.
How could such a thing have come to pass?
General Lyon succeeded General Hiuney. I
say General Lyon. He had been captain on the
occasion of the bloody transactions ot the black
Friday of the 11th of May. He is now, by brevet,
I suppose, a brigadier general of the United
States. In the short period that has elapsed since
the adjournment of the last Congress, the times
have been such in this country that lawlessness
and aggressions in direct contravention of the pro-
visions of the constitution of the State of Mis-
souri and the Constitution of the United States,
prostrating the twofold barrier erected by those
constitutional provisions around the citizen for
his personal security and safety, instead of calling
for censure, have been made meritorious causes
of prefei merit and honor.
When he, who was the chief actor in the Camp
Jackson tragedy, was ogam put in chief control in
Missouri, as was very natural, there was uni-
versal apprehension and distrust peivadmg the
State; uneasiness, uncertainty, fear for the con-
sequences—that kind of alarm which peaceful cit-
izen* are not willing to submit to. " The alarm
by day" is bad enough, but " the terror by night"
is worse still. The executive of the State, anxious
to preserve, peace, to establish confidence among
the people, and to sustain the peaceful pursuits
of the population of the State, laid aside all con-
siderations of personal and official dignity, and
sought an interview with General Lyon. He left
his capital for that purpose. He went to the city
of St. Louis, where were the quarters of General
Lyon. He had that interview; and what trans-
pired in it is stated in a proclamation issued by
the Governor on the 12th of June. So anxious
was he that the peace of the State should not be
jeopardized or destroyed, that he made this prop-
osition:
" That he would disband the State guaid, and break up
its organization; that he would disarm all the companies
which had been armed by the State; that he would pledge
himself not to attempt to oigamze the militia undei tiie
military bill; that no arm* or mun'fions of war should be
brought into the Stale; that lie would piotec! ail citizens
equally in their rights, legai dless of their politieal opinions;
that lie would iepret ss all in^ui iceuonary movement.-- within
the State; that he would lepel all attempt-; to invade it,
from whatever quaiter, and by whomsoever made; and
that he would thus maintain a stiiet ncutiahty in the pies-
ent unhappy contest, and pioservo the pcacivof the Suite.
And he fimhcr proposed that he would, il net e^ary, invoke
the assiUaiuc of the United States troops to cam/ out those
pledges. All this he pioposcd to Jo, upon condition that
the Federal Government would nndcitake to di^aim the
homo guard, which it had illegally organized and aimed
tluoughout the State, and pledge itVlf not to occupy with
its tioop;* any locnhtico in the Stite not occupied by tlicm
now.''
These terms were rejected by General Lyon.
He demanded—
" Not only the disorganization and di^aimin<j of the State
militia and the nulhiieation of the mihuuy bill; but In-
rolused to draim the home guard, and masted that the
I'Vdeial Government should cnjnv an unirsuieted nght to
move and station its troops thiuuakout the State, vhenevcr
and it'fteicrci (hat mi°ht, in the ojniuon oj its offuers^ he iie-
i-esstinf, eithei tor the piotoonon of the ' loyal Mibjeets' of
(he Fedeial (Jnvei niueiit, or lor the rcpHSim; of invasion ;
mid he plainly announced thai u was the intention of the
AdniiiuMouion Jo take mihtasy occupation under the>c
piete \N of the whole State, and to reduce it,as avowed by
(Jeneral Lvo.i himself, to the 'exact condition of Maiy-
land.'"
General Lyon, on the 15th of June, also issued
a proclamation, and there is no dental of what is
slated heic by Governor Jackson in his piocla-
mation.
Mr. President, I do not see how Governor Jack-
son could have gone further than he did go, unless
he was willing that the honor and independence
of the State of Missouri should be trodden in the
dust, and she ignommously subjugated without
any cause, or without any resistance to the exe-
cution of any United States law within her limits,
it seems to me that in the course he pursued,
coming down fiom the official dignity to which
he hud been exalted by the Stale, laying aside all
considerations personal to himself, going down
to the city of St. Louis where wore the quarters of
General Lyon, ami making the propositions just
recited, he went to the extremist limit that he
could be either required or expected to go.
Immediately, Mr. President, war was com-
menced in earnest against the State of Missouri.
As soon as it could possibly be done, the regi-
ments that had been collected at St. Louis were
marched off into the inteiior and towards the
capital of the State. The Mississippi and Mis-
souri rivers going up into the State were crowded
with steamboats that were used for tins purpose,
some of these boats illegally seized for this and
similar purposes. The railroads were put into
requisition, and troops wen; marched by them m
all the directions in which they led into the State
from the city of St. Louis. In a very short time
the capital was invaded by Federal bayonets, and
the Govei nor and other offieei a of the State ex-
pelhd from it. As may be supposed, after that
movement was inaugurated, there has been com-
paratively but ftttle regard for constitutional right
or for constitutional provisions intended to pio-
tect the security of the citizen in his person, in
his home, in his papers,and in hise/Tects. Those
rights have been ruthlessly disregarded and trod-
den down wherever this invading force has pen-
etrated.
A regiment, or a part of a regiment, that had
been sent up the North Missouri lailroud, le-
turned, after a while, into the city of St. Louis.
It was marched down Seventh street, and when
just beyond the intersection of Olive with that
street, there was a discharge of a gun—accidental
probably. The proof that was taken before the
coroner was somewhat conflicting, but the weight
of the testimony undoubtedly was, that the dis-
charge was accidental in the hands of one of the
soldiers. He was probably handling the lock of.
his piece, and the hammer slipped between his
fingers. Immediately a volley was poured forth
on the concourse of peopie that had collected
around to witness the progress of the armed band;
and more than that, their deadly Minie rifles were
discharged into the recorder's court, that was then
in session. Some one or two of the officers of the
court were instantly killed. One of them was
pierced by two or three Minie bullets, each one
making a mortal wound. If my memory does
not fail me—and I do not think it does—one of
the culprits, who was in the box for examination,
was also killed on the spot. One of the witnesses
who was there, I know, was killed. The recorder
himself, who was the judge of the court, was
saved only because, having been wearied by keep-
ing a fixed position in hearing testimony in the
case, to relieve himself, he changed his position
slightly, and immediately a Minie ball passed
through the seat in which he was, grazing his
person.
Mr. President, I forbear to pursue the sad and
sickening story. Would to God that the mourn-
ful facts of it had never transpiredf Would to
God that this unnatural war had never been
brought upon the country ! Heaven grant that it
may yet be aveited from our devoted land ! Every
ctFort that can be made, looking to the giand con-
summation so ardently to be desired, shall have
my hearty cooperation and support. But, sir,
no bill, no resolution, no measure that has the
conttaiy for its object, can command my vote as
a member of the Senate.
Air. WADE. I move that this resolution be
refened to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, I desire at this
time to make a few bnef remarks upon the pend-
ing resolution. We have fallen upon very strange
tunes. The Congress of the nation has been as-
sembled in extraordinary session for the purpose
of considering matters of the gravest import. We
are in the midst of a revolution which has dis-
membered the Confederacy. We are now called
upon to vote for a resolution approving the acts
of the President of the United States that are spe-
cifically set forth in the resolution. Sir, I con-
sider that the President, in many acts set forth in
this resolution, has violated the Constitution of
the land. The object of this resolution,as I have
before stated, is to approve and justify the Exec-
utive in those acts. It is not my purpose to enter
into any very elaborate argument. I shall con-
tent myself with very briefly stating the reasons
why I cannot vote for the resolution, and I shall
proceed at once to the consideration of the reso-
lution, and notice each and every act set forth in
it winch we are called upon to approve and sanc-
tion.
Mr. President, the powers and duties of the
President of the United States are prescribed in
the Constitution. That elevated and distinguished
officer of the Government lias no more power to
infract the Constitution or the laws than the hum-
blest citizen of the land. 1.1 is duties are presctih. t*
in the Constitution and the laws, and he swen>s
to be true and faithful to that Constitution. I w ill
read the clause of the Constitution prescribing i lie
oath of the President of the United States. Before
entering on the duties of his ofliee, the Chief Ex-
ecutive Magistrate takes this oath:
" I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that i will faithfully
execute the othee ot Piesident of the United States, and
will, to the bohl of my ability, pieservc, piotcct, and de-
lend the Constitution oi'tlic United StatCb/'
Each Senator and each official of this Govern-
ment, on enteiing upon the dischaige of the func-
tions of his office, takes an oath to suppoit the
Constitution; and I should consider that I was
recreant to my duty as a Senator, if I did not op-
pose the act of every officer of the Government
who, as I conceived, had violated the Constitu-
tion of the country. The acts that are set forth
in the resolution under consideration aie plain and
distinct. After the ordinary whereas, it states:
"Fust. lie did, on the l">th day of Ap'i' la r, issue hia
pioclamation calling upon the scleral S,.e, s'or seventy-
live thousand men to suppress <ueh in-tni eL<onaiy com-
binations, and to cause the laws to be iaiihi.Hly executed."
That call was made under ilie .s'atute of 1795,
the provision of which I will read:
" That whenever the laws of the United States shall be
opposf d, or the execution thereof oh ti iif ted, in any State,
by combinations loo powerful to be bupp.e<.-.ed by the ordi-
