1861.-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nary course of judicial proceedings!, or by the powers vested
in the marshals by this act, it shall be lawful for the Pres-
ident of the United States to call forth the militia of such
State, 01 of any other State or States, as may be necessary
to suppsess Mich combinations, and to cause the laws to be
duly executed ; and the use of militia so to be called forth
may be continued, if necessary, until the expiration of
thirty days after the commencement of the then next ses-
sion of Congress."
That is the only law within my knowledge that*
authorizes the President to call out the militia of
the United States. I readily admit that if the call
for seventy-five thousand men was made solely
for the purpose of protecting this capital, and for
the purpose designated in this resolution, it was
constitutional and valid. If, however, the pur-
pose of the call for seventy-five thousand men
was for the purpose of making war on the sover-
eign States of this Union, I hold the act to be
invalid, because I hold that wo have no power to
make war upon a State of this Union. There is
no such warrant in the Constitution. Our illus-
trious fathers, when framing that instrument, de-
clined to give any such power. 3t was expressly
proposed to clothe the Government with power
to coerce a State; and after a most elaborate de-
bate, in which such men as Madison, Hamilton,
Ellsworth, and others participated, it was unani-
mously rejected. However, sir, so far as that is
concerned, I shall say no more. The constitu-
tionality of the act culling out the seventy-five
thousand men, in my judgment, depends alto-
gether on the uses the President intended to make
of the army which he organized. I confess that
the creation of such a vast army looked to me
very much like desiring a war of subjugation:
So far, however, as the President acted in defense
of the capital, I believe he had the powcv to call
forth the militia under the act of 1795 for that
purpose. That act prescribes that the President
shall call forth the militia, but not for a longer
term than thirty days after the next meeting of
Congress. I believe his proclamation calling for
seventy-five thousand men, so far as the time
was concerned, was within the purview of that
statute.
The next act of the President is set forth in the
preamble in these words:
" Secondly, lie did. on the 19th dav of April last, issue
a proclamation setting on fmit a biockadc ot the pmt* within
the State- of South Camlma, Georgia, Alabama, Flosida,
Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas." Thndiy. lie did, on
the 27th dayot April last, issuea pioclamation establishing
a blockade of the ports within the States of Vngmia and
Worth Carolina."
I hold, sir, that, under the Constitution, the
President has no power to blockade the ports of
the United States. Congress alone possesses the
war-making power, under our system of govern-
ment. A blockade is necessarily a war measure;
and, in my judgment, it could not be proclaimed
by the President until Congress had declared war.
The Constitution declares that Congress shall
have power—
"To declarcjjvar, grant letters of marque and iepris.il,
and make mles concerning captuies on land and water."
The power to declare war is vested in the Con-
gress, and in the Congress alone. The President
of the United States cannot constitutionally and
lawfully exercise any power of proclaiming war
or calling out the militia except for the purpose
designated by the statute that i have read, unless
Congress shall first declare war. There is another
reason why he had no power, in my judgment,
under the Constitution, to issue this proclamation
for a blockade. It is declared in the Constitution
that—
"No preference shall be given by any regulation of com-
merce or revenue to the poits of one Plate over those of
auofiioi j nor shah vessels bound toorfiom one State be
obliged to enter, clear, oi pay duties m another.-"'
Why, sir, the President has not only given a
preference to the ports of one State over another,
but he has absolutely, so far as all practical pur-
poses are concerned, swept certain ports out of
existence by this blockade. He has no such
power under the Constitution: and I cannot, as a
Senator, sanction any resolution that clothcs the
President of the nation with the war-making
power. His duties arc prescribed by theConsti*
tution and by the laws of the land, and he is cul-
pable whenever he violates the one or disobeys
the other.
Again: the preamble to this resolution con-
tinues:
" Fourthly. lie did, by an order of the 27th day of Apiil
last, addressed to the Commanding General of the Army of
the United States, authorize that officcr to suspend the writ
of habeas corpus at any point on or in the vicinity of any
miluaiy line between the city of Philadelphia and*the city
of Washington."
It further recites:
"Sixthly. He did, on the 10th day of May last, Issue a
proclamation authorizing the commander of the forces of
the United States on the coast of Florida to suspend the
wiit of habeas corpus, if necessary."
I conceive that the President of the United
States has no power, under the Constitution and
tiie laws of the land which he has sworn to sup-
port and execute, to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus. There is a single provision of the Con-
stitution upon the subject, and that, there can be
no doubt, confers upon Congress alone the right
to suspend the writ of habeas corpus, under such
circumstances as are prescribed in the Constitu-
tion itself. The Constitution declares, and that,
too, under the head of " the legislative power:"
" Tiie privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall not be
suspended, unless when, m cascol lebelhon and invasion,
the public salety ma> require it."
The power is given to Congress, not to the
,Prcsidentof the United States. I know thatsome
gentlemen contend that the Constitution being
silent as to who shall exercise this power, the
President may as well do it as Congress. But,
sir, that clause of the Constitution is put under the
head of " legislative," not " executive " powers.
Besides, sir, fortunately we are not left to work
out our own interpretation of the Constitution on
this subject. It has been held and decided by the
most august judicial ti ibunai of the land that Con-
gress alone has that power. Chief Justice Mar-
shall, m the ease ex parte Hollman & fcSwartwout,
in 4 Crunch, 101, expressly decides that Congress
alone lias that power. Heic is his language:
" If at any time the public safety should inquire a sus-
pension ol the powoi^ vested by thu act in the couit-; of
the United State*, it is foi the Legislature to say so. That
question depends on political constdeiauons,on which the
Legi>!atuie is to decide. Until the Legt-hmve will be
expressed, this couit can only see its duty, and must obey
the laws."
It has been decided by the highest judicial tri-
bunal in the land, that the legislative power alone
has the authority to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus, and then only in the cases provided in the
Constitution. Judge Story, in lus Commentaries
on the Constitution, also holds'the same doctrine.
Speaking of the habeas corpus clause in the Con-
stitution, he says:
" It is obvious that eases of a peculiar emergency may
aiise which m.iyjustify, nay, even lequne, the tempoiaiv
suspension of any light to the writ. lint as it has fie-
quent!> happened in loieign countries, and even in Eng-
land, that the writ has. upon various pretexts and occa-
sion*, been &u-ponded, whereby pennons apprehended upon
suspicion ha\e sutlcrod a lom> imprisonment, sometimes
(lorn design, and sometimes because they were foigotten,
the light to suspend it is expie-^ly confined to e.oes ol ie-
bellion or invasion, where the public safety may require
it—a veiy ju-t and wholesome lestiaint, which cuts down
at a blow a tiuiliul means ol oppression, capable of being
abused in bad tinier to the woist of puiposos. Hitherto,
no suspension of the wnt has e\rei been authorized by Con-
gies< since the establishment of the Constitution. It would
seem, a* the power i* given to Congiess to suspend the
wnt of habeas <01 pu% in eases ot lehellion oi invasion, that
the i iiziit to judge whetl.ei the exigency had arisen mu-st
e\elu&ivch belong to that bodv."—<iStory,!> Commentaries
on the Constitution, scction 1,336.
That, sir, is explicit. I think, therefore, there
can be no doubt that the President, when he as-
sumed to suspend the writ of habeas corpus, vio-
lated the Constitution and laws 'of his country
thathe had sworn to defend, support, and protect.
He has exercised a power that has not been ex-
ercised, or attempted to be exercised, by a sover-
eign of Great Britain since 16ti8. Judge Black-
stone, in the first volume of his Commentaries,
asserts that the right to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus in Great liritain is in Parliament alone^
The king, the sovereign, has no such power,and
that has been held by the libeity-lovmg men of
Great Biitam Aom the days of IVIagna Charta to
this time. When the English barons exacted of
the ignominious and pusillanimous King John
that great charter of libei ty, they secured in it
their rights in this matter of habeas co)pus. We
find in that celebrated charter this language:
Mo fieeman s-hall ! <> seized, oi imprisoned, or disseized,
oi outlawed, or any way decoyed, nor will we go upon
him, nor will we send upon him, c\eept the legal judg-
ment of Ins- peeis, oi by the law of the land. !
'• To none will we sell, to none will we deny, to none J
will wc delay, right or justice." I
That is the language that the barons used in
that celebrated charter which they extorted from
King John. Prom that day, sir, down to the
revolution of 1688, which placed "William and
Mary, of Orange, upon the throne of Great Brit-
ain, i know there was a contest constantly going
on between the people and their sovereigns as to
whether that writ could be suspended by the king.
By the act of Charles it, which is\ommonlycalled
a second Magna Charta, it was secured to the citi-
zen. Heavy fines were imposed t>n the judges
who should refuse to grant that writ. The mode
and manner of administering the law touching
the habeas corpxis was declared in that celebrated
statute, and heavy and vast penalties imposed
upon those who dared to refuse it, or to deny it.
Since the year 1688, no British sovereign has
claimed the power to suspend this writ, so far as
I am advised.
The President, in suspending this writ, has
necessarily suspended all the.laws of the land
that require the judges to administer the law. In
one of the early Congresses, I believe in the very
first Congress, there was a law passed author-
izing all the judges of the United States to issue
this writ. Mr. Lincoln, when he suspends that
writ, when lie denies to the judges of the land
the power to execute the law, suspends the law
as well as violates the Constitution; neither of
which lie has a right to do. The President is an
executive officer. He has no right to administer
the laws; he has no right to suspend the law?;
his sole duty is to see that they are faithfully
executed. Sir, the English people, in their bill of
rights, to which William and Mary, upon their
accession to the throne, assented, spoke very spe-
cifically on this subject. The very first charge
enumerated against King James was, that he en-
deavored to subvert the religion, laws,and liber-
ties of the realm—
"By assuming and exercising a power of dispensing
with and suspending of laws, and tho execution ot' laws,
without consent of Parliament."
The President has suspended the laws in vio-
lation of the Constitution, in a matter, too, most
essential to the liberties of the people; and Sena-
tors who have taken an oath to support the Con-
stitution arc called upon not only to sanction,
but, in the language of the resolution, to approve
it. Sir, I never, never will approve the violation
of the Constitution of my country by any man,
high or low, whether it be the ^President of the
United States or the most contemptible constable
in the land: I never can and I never will approve
a plain, clear, palpable violation of the Constitu-
tion of my country. I believe that I should bean
unworthy Senator of a great and free Common-
wealth if I were to do so.
Senators, in these distracted times, when our
country is reeling and being torn asunder, when
hostile armies are about to meet in stern conflict,
in God's name let us preserve the Constitution of
our countiy as the great temple of our liberties. I
have looked upon that Constitution as the shieM
that was thrown around the rights of the citizcn,
which protected them in their rights of person and
property; but that does not seem to be tho case
now. Senators, we have but the Constitution left.
In Heaven's name let us preserve it.
We find, Mr. President, that the very first ar-
ticle of the bill of rights of 1668 is in these words:
11 That the pretended power of suspending laws, or the
execution of laws, by regal authority, aa it hath been as-
sumed and e.vereLsed of late, is illegal."
The people of Great Britain, when they framed
this charter, after the Revolution, declared, in the
words that 1 have read, that all this suspending
of the laws was illegal. They declared, further:
" That the raising or keeping a standing army within the
kingdom in time of peace, unless it be with consent ot Par-
liament, is illegal."
Our wise and illustrious fathers, who well un-
derstood the punciples of human liberty, incor-
porated the provisions that I have read in the
Constitution of our land. Our English ancestry
arraigned one king, drove him from his throne,
and assisted in the inauguration of another; and
then they passed this great charter, this bill of
rights, to which that sovereign was compelled to
assent before they would allow him to mount the
throne. And yet, sir, we find the President of
theUnited Statesexercising these powers,in direct
violation of the Constitution of the land; and wc
are called upon, as representatives of the people
