1661.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69
tion, the usurping of the war-making power, the
power to raise armies, the power to provide a
navy—it strikes me if we were in those days we
should be witnessing a far different scene than
this. Sir, if the people justly appreciated the lib-
erty given to them by their fathers, and intended
to be secured to them by the Constitution, the
officer who committed these usurpations would
be arraigned at the bar of the Senate, and be upon
trial under impeachment; but that does not seem
to be the temper of these times.
There is another clause of the Constitution that
it strikes me has been violated. It is written in
the Constitution thatfl no money shall be drawn
from the Treasury but in consequence of appro-
priations made by law." I suppose that money
was drawn from the Treasury, and was expended
in raising these twenty-two thousand men and
adding this large number of seamen to the Navy.
I suppose that moneys have been expended in
carrying on this blockade. If so, it was in vio-
lation of the Constitution of the country; and I
do not see how such things could have been car-
ried on without money. Thore was certainly no
money appropriated by law for that special pur-
pose—none in the Treasury to be used by the
President for that purpose; yet it has been done,
clearly against the Constitution.
I was struck yesterday with the speech made
by the distinguished Senator from Oregon, [Mr.
Baker.] He declared that he was for voting any
amount of men and any amount of money that
the President might desire to carry on this war.
He declared that ho would listen to nothing like
a compromise; that ho had been m favor of a
peaceable settlement, but that now he was for a
war, and a war, too, of subjugation; as I under-
stood him, though he did not use that word. I
will read what that distinguished Senator said.
He claims, in the commencement of his speech,
to be—and I have no doubt he is—thewaim per-
sonal and political friend of the distinguished gen-
tleman who fills the executive office of the United
States. He says:
I approve, as a personal and political fuendofthe Pres-
ident, of every measure of lits administration iniekition to
the rebellion at present raging iu this country. I piopose
to ratify whatever needs ratification. I piopose to rendri
my clear and distinct approval, not only of the measiue,
but of the motive which prompted it. I propose to lend the
whole power of the country, arms, men, money, and place
them in his hands,with authority almost unlimited, until the
conclusion of this struggle. He has asked foi 100,000,000.
We piopo>e to give him $500,000,000. He has asked foi
tour hundred thousand men. We piopose to givi: lnm half
a million ; and, foi my pait, if, as I do not apprehend, the
emergency should be still gieatcr, I will checrluily add a
cipher to either ofthes-c figures.
" Hut, s?h, while 1 do th u, I desire, by my woidand my
vote, to have it dearly understood that 1 do that as a meas-
me of war. As I had occasion to say in a veiv early dis-
cussion of thw question, I want sudden, bold, fonvard,
deteimmcd war ; and I do not think anybody can conduct
war of that kind as well as a dictatoi."
The Senator seems to wish to clothc the Presi-
dent with dictatorial power. Why the necessity
for that? You have a right to give him all the
power of the nation, whether it be in its treasury,
or its armies, or its navies; and he has the chief
executive command. Why do you want to clothe
him with any more power? It would seem that
that was sufficient for all lawful and constitutional
purposes—almost as great as the power of the dic-
tators of Rome. The Senator seems, however,
to be willing to clothc the Executive with the
power to override the Congress and the Constitu-
tion of Iiis country, and to put all the coordinate
departments at defiance, for the purpose of crush-
ing this revolution, or "rebellion," as he calls it,
with the " sharp argument" of the bayonet. The
Senator says, further:
" Here, as a Senator, looking beyond the immediate con-
tingency, I still desire to show, by my conduct and my vote,
that I venerate the principles of the Constitution of the
United States."
Sir, that is a strange declaration for that distin-
guished Senator to have made, after the avowals
which I have read. He venerates the principles
of the Constitution of his country! Have I not
shown you, sir, that the President of the United
States has, without warrant of law, raised armies
and provided navies, which the Constitution de-
clares that Congress alone can do ? Has he not
usurped the war-making power, and blockaded
the ports of certain States ? Clearly. Has he not
suspended the writ of habeas corpus ? Has he not
suspended the laws of the land, and prevented
the judges from executing the statute in reference
to the habeas corpus ? All these things he has done;
and the Senator from Oregon says that he ap-
proves of everything he has done, and he is will-
ing to clothe the President with almost dictatorial
power. Is there any dictatorial power in the
President of the United States to violate the Con-
stitution of the country ? No, sir. It is strange
the Senator should express any love or veneration
for the Constitution, after the most remarkable
declarations which I have read. But I will redd
another sentence or two from his speech:
" My honored friend from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] will
bear me witness that I was perhaps the last man m the
Senate to give up the hope that something might be done
by conciliation and compromise—words I never propose to
use again, I hoped, I sympathized, I snuggled tothelast."
We were all gratified atthe effort made by the dis-
tinguished Senator last winter to compromise these
difficulties, and I regret that in the effort that will,
perhaps, be made in the future to compromise them
wo shall be deprived of the aid of that distinguished
and eloquent Senator. He worked with ability
and he worked with zeal to adjust these difficul-
ties, and I sorely regretted that he could not bring
to the standard a single member of the Senate
from his side of the Chamber. I believe the hon-
orable Senator alone, of all on that side of the
Chamber, voted for any of the compromise meas-
ures so zealously urged by Senators on this side—
by my then distinguished colleague, by the late
eloquent Senator from Illinois, myself, and others.
I do not think my worthy friend should stop so
short in his mission of compromise and recon-
ciliation. He seems to have become exceedingly
ferocious and blood-thnsty. I hoped he would
not weary of well doing until he converted the
Republican side of this Chamber to those compro-
mise measures. We all on this side were for them,
arc now for them, and would like to see this war
settled and peace restored. Wohave,in fact,"no
stomach for this fight;5' we do not wish to see our
citizens shedding each other's blood. But the
distinguished Senator further declares:
" Now I hope to bs among the last of all men willing to
lay down aims at all. I will never vote to do it till, with-
out fieatv, the flasj of th<> Tinted States waves ovei every
pjrtion ot it-* tcuitoi\, and ovci a population eithci enthn -
siastieallv i allying beneath its shadow, oi else abjectly sub-
ject to its sway."
Ah! that sounds very much like subjugation!
"TiM then, give the Picsident a million men; till tnen,
ftive him not onlv the whole revenue of the Government,
but the whole proptnty of the people; doiiotiefuseasmgle
regiment; do not I'm 1 a single sail; do not abate a single
jot*ot all jour embattled vi^oi, till that hour shall come ;
but when peace ietuins, resume tin: condition and the aita
ot peace. J)o not make peace until the glory ol the Amci-
ican flag •duill he its ow.i defense.''
After complimenting the gallantry of the south-
ern men, and thinking that perhaps reverses may
be met with in the efforts to conquer them, the
Senator goes on to say:
" Bui, however that may be, it may be that instead of
finding, witlim a year, loyal States sending membeis to
Congress, and tepiacing their Senatois upon this fiooi, we
may h.ue to leduce them to the condition of Teintoncs,
ana send from Massachusetts or from Illinois Governors
to control them."
What, Senators, do you think of that senti-
ment, which was expressed by the distinguished
Senator from Oregon, the personal and confiden-
tial friend of the President, and, I think I can say
without reflection upon any gentleman upon the
other side of the Chamber, one of the most dis-
tinguished and able Senators on this door? That
Senator has declared his reverence for the Con-
stitution of his country, and he undertakes this
war—for what ? It is a war nominally to sustain
the Union. Now I ask my learned friend from
Oregon if he thinks that he will maintain the con-
stitutional Union of our fathers by reducing sov-
ereign States to provinces, and sending to Caro-
lina, to Mississippi, or to Louisiana, Governors
from Massachusetts and Illinois. The remedy
proposed is worse than the disease. What, sir;
restore this Union by reducing sovereign States
to provinces, and sending Governors from other
States to rule ov*er them? That would be the de-
struction of the Union; you would effect by that
means the very thing that you take up arms to
avert. You proclaim a war to save the Union;
and when you accomplish the result that my friend
from Oregon says he is willing to accomplish if
necessary, you have then destroyed the Union;
you have no longerfree,sovereign States; but you
have conquered provinces of menials and slaves,
governed by men from SJassaehusetts and Illi-
nois. I ask the Senator again, if that is restoring
the Union? 1 have always supposed that this
Union.was formed of free,sovereign,independ<;flt
States or Commonwealths; but the Senator, in>
order to maintain the Union, would blot these
States out of existence, and hand them over to the
strong arm of the North as conquered provinces;
and then, for grace and mercy, he would send
from Massachusetts Governors to rule the people
of Louisiana and South Carolina. All this the
Senator will do in tho name of that Constitution
which lie professes to revere. JThe Constitution
of the Senator's country and of my country de-
clares that " the United States shall guaranty to
every State in this Union a republican form of
government;" and yet the Senator in his speech
proclaims that he is willing to reduce the South
to conquered provinces, and give them Governors
from Massachusetts and Illinois; and in the very
same speech he expresses his reverence for the
Constitution. Would these States have repub-
lican governments when you had put the iron heel
of your military-power on them, when you had
overthrown their liberty, when you had deprived
them of the right to elect Governors, and sent a
Massachusetts Governor to Louisiana, orTexas,
or any State South ?
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-,
ator from Kentucky give way to the Senator from
Oregon ?
Mr. POWELL.- With pleasure.
Mr. BAKER. The Senator from Kentucky is
catechising me, and I will reply.
Mr. POWELL. Not catechizing.
Mr. BAKER. It was very courteously done;
and I will reply to it. He accuses me of want of
reverencefor the Constitution, because f said that,
in some circumstances, I would govern those
States as Territories. He tells me that the Con-
stitution guaranties to those States a republican
form of government. I tell him that a territorial
form of government is a republican form of gov-
ernment; and 1 told him so when I was gdfng to
vote to admit Kansas as a State, and he would
not. It is true, that a territorial form of govern-
ment may be a republican form of government
as well as a State government may be. That is
the answer to that.
In the next place, I desire to remind him that we
are nowin astate of what he calls warwith thirty,
forty, fifty thousand men within five miles of this
Capitol; and, as was said somewhere yesterday,
the Senate of the United Statesis within the hear-
ing of hostile guns. This is not a time or place to
mince measures or words. If he had read the
whole of the remarks which he does me the honor
to comment on, he would have seen that I said I
hoped theUnion sentiment would return, rekindle
in those States. 1 hope that they will yet send
Representatives, as distinguished—andnone can
be more so—as true as my honorable friend from
Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,] now before me; but I
did say, and, in spite of the fulminations of the
Senator from Kentucky, I shall continue to re-
peat, that if they will not come here as States,
we will not let them out of the Union for that
reason. If they will not govern themselves in
Congress, we will govern them. Rather than sep-
arate from them, and lose them, we will govern
them as Territories, and govern them a great deal
better than they will govern themselves. Thatis
what 1 snid; and I trust the Senator will not in-
tentionally misrepresent it.
I add but one other word. He has been pleased
to allude to my relations to the President. I beg
to leave to say that never in my life have I con-
versed with the President directly or indirectly
on that subject; and I am very sure that, in the
midst of the very able Cabinet that surrounds
him, and Senatois far more distinguished in this
body, and far longer here, I should be almost the
last person through whom he would seek to pre-
sent his sentiments, if he needed anybody. But,
sirj he needs nobody. His inaugural message
and his later message explains so well the kincily,
noble sentiments that he entertains for the South
as well as the North, that nothing which I could
say; if he' were to authorize me, would add to it.
Mr. POWELL. I certainly had no desire to
misrepresent the distinguished Senator from Ore-
gon ,■-and I foel very confident that! did not doit;
for I was careful to read the Senator's positions
