1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
symptoms to my mind of these troubled times is
that although such bold, palpable, and unmistak-
able violations of the Constitution of the country
have been committed, with the Legislatures of six-
teen or seventeen States of this Union m session,
i have not seen a single legislative resolve cen-
suring the Chief Magistrate for his conduct. Jt
appears as if the spirit of liberty that animated
our ancient sires had departed, when we behold
men ready to sec the Constitution of their country
overturned, and throsv up their hats and shout
praises to him who does the deed. To my mind
it is a most fearful indication of the degeneracy
of the times in which we are.
We hear from the other side of nothing but war
and carnage; we hear nothing of peace; we hear
nothing of compromise. Senators say they have
used the word tk compromise" for the last time.
I believe no one could make that announcement
but the Senator from Oregon; for if any of the
other gentlemen on that side were in a compro-
mising mood I did not discover it last winter when
the votes were taken. Notwithstanding that, I
yet hope we may settle this question peaceably.
Let us cease these hostilities for the present. Let
us make an effort for adjustment. We certainly
never shall accomplish it unless we make an effort.
Let us make every effort we can, and if we fail
we shall have discharged our duty.
If there is one thing in our Constitution to con-
tradistinguish it from others, it is that the military
power of this Government is kept subordinate to
the civil. Here we find the President of the Uni-
ted States subordinating the civil to the military,
reversing the thing; and yet, sir, I suppose we
shall find Senators \otingfor it. What would
have been the opinions of your fathers and mine,
if it had been proposed to them that they should
approve of the acts of a magistrate, when, con-
trary to the law and the Constitution of the coun-
try, he had subordinated the civil to the military
authority? The military authority should be gov-
erned by and in obedience and in subordination
to the civil authority. The Constitution and the
genius of our Government there place it. The
President of the United States has seen fit, by his
acts, that are recited in this joint resolution, to say
differently, and we are called upon here to legalize,
to ratify, even to approve, these acts. 1 trust that
the American Senate will never be so degenerate.
I have spoken longer than I supposed or ex-
pected. My single object was to state very
briefly the reasons why 1 could not vote for the
resolution. 1 had no expectation of satisfying
Senators on the other side that they should, with
me, vote against it; but I felt it to be my duty to
myself; I felt it due to the gallant State which 1
represent; I felt it due to every one who loves con-
stitutional liberty, to raise my voice against the
overthrow of the Constitution of my country.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The question is on the motion to commit the res-
olution to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WADE. I withdraw the motion which
I made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
commit is withdrawn.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The Senator from
Ohio having withdrawn his motion, I believe the
question now is on the passage of this joint res-
olution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
question before the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. I understood the honorable
Senator from Ohio to make a motion to refer this
resolution to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WADE. I did make that motion; but, on
consideration, withdrew it.
Mr, BAYARD. I think that is the preferable
disposition of it; and I renew the motion in order
to take the sense of the Senate; and if that course
is declined, I shall desire to make some remarks
on this particular measure, though it is not my
intention to do so m reference to any of the bills
for practical legislation.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will yield the door
with pleasure to the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. WILSON. I propose, if the Senators
desire to speak on this question—and I suppose
they do—to let the pending resolution go over
until to-morrow, and we can go%on to-day with
another bill containing practical measures.
Mr. BAYARD. To-morrow or Monday,
whichever the Senate prefers, will suit me. I do
not desire to defer the practical legislation of the
majority. This is not practical legislation. It
is a fair subject for discussion. It may go over
to to-morrow or Monday, •whichever the Senate
prefers.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I have not been for-
tunate enough to hear what has just fallen from
the Senator from Delawate. As far as I am con-
cerned, I will say to the Senator from Massachu-
setts that I'expect to be exceedingly brief in the
remark** I have to make, notoccupying, perhaps,
more than twenty or twenty-five minutes. If,
however, it be the pleasure of the Senate to take
up other business, I am perfectly content to make
them to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the further consideration of the joint resolu-
tion be postpoued until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
ORGANIZATION 01? TIIE ARMY.
Several mcssagesofan executive character were
received from the President of the United States,
by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is a large body of
papers on the table requinngan executive session,
and I think we can further the business we are
upon here as much by referring those papers, at
least, as by doing anything else just now. I
therefore move that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion for a few moments, so that I
may put a practical hill in the shape I desire.
Mr. COLLAMER. A bill from the House of
Representatives?
Mr. WILSON. No; a Senate bill, to which I
desire to have some amendments made.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 do not withdraw the
motion.
Mr. WILSON. I only want to submit some
amendments, and have them printed.
Mr. COLLAMER. If that is all, I withdraw
my motion.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the bill
(S. No. 3) providing for the better organization
of the military establishment.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. 1 propose three or four amend-
ments to the bill, in addition to those which bave
been reported by the committee. They need not
now be read. 1 move that the bill and amend-
ments be printed.
The motion vvns agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. COLLAMER. I renew my motion that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business.
The motion was agreed to; and, after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 11, 1361.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The J our mil of yesterday was read and approved.
APPOINTMENT ON COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Kelley as a
member of the Committee on Indian Affairs, in
the'place of Mr. Mallory, excused.
MESSAGE PKOM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of their clerks, informing the
House that the Senate had passed a bill author-
izing the employment of volunteers to aid in en-
forcing the laws and protecting public property;
m which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
Also, that the President had approved and
signed an act (S. No. G) to refund and remit the
duties on arms imported by States.
QUALIFICATION OF A MEMBER.
Hon. Erastus Corning, a member from the
State of New York, appeared, and was qualified
by taking the usual oath of office.
VOTES RECORDED.
Mr. SMITH. 1 was unavoidably absent from
the House yesterday when the vote was taken on
the loan bill. I ask permission now to record my
vote in favor of that bill. 5
No objection being made, the vote wfefc ftccbri*
inglv recorded.
Mr. APPLETON made a'similar statement and
request; and there being no objection, ftis vote
was recorded in the affirmative.
REFERENCE OP A BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that the
bill which was received from the Senate a few
moments since, in reference to the employment of
volunteers, be referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and. secpnd
time, and referred to said committee.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to a correction of the
Journal. I yesterday moved an amendment to
the resolution offered by the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. McClernand] in reference to the es-
tablishment of an armory, by striking out the
word " west" and inserting the word *4 east." I
perceive that the Journal has some other words
which were not included in my amendment. The
resolution read " west of the Alleghany mount-
ains." I moved to insert " east" in the place of
" west." I desire to have the Journal corrected
accordingly. - *
Mr. McCLERNAND. I desire to have the
Journal read as it is, before that correction is
made.
The Journal was read as follows:
" Resolved, That, a committee of nine be appointed by
tlie Speaker to inquire into and reportupon the expediency
of the establishment of a national armory west of the Al-
leghany mountains.
'• IVnding which,
Mr. Johnson moved to amend the same by striking
outc west of the Alleghany mountains,'and inserting in
lieu thereof,' ea?t of the Rocky mountains.' "
Mr. JOHNSON. My motion was to strike
out " west," and insertil cast."
Mr. McCLERNAND. According; to my rec-
ollection, the Journal reports the amendment cor-
rectly; but I have no objection to a change of the
Journal.
Mr. Mcknight, i object.
VOTE RECORDED.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I was necessarily absent
yesterday when the vote was taken upon the loan
bill. I ask now to have my vote' recorded in favor
of that bill.
-No objection being made, the vote of Mr.
Campbell was recorded accordingly.
DISTRIBUTION OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House, to offer a resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE. What is the regular
order of business?
The SPEAKER. It is the call of committees
for reports.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will not object to this
resolution; but after that, I shall insist upon the
regular order of business.
Mr. BUFFINTON offered the following:
Resolved, Tlmt all public documents, of which extra
copies have been ordered to bo printed by the House, pre-
vious to the 'flinty-Seventh Congress, which have not
been dehveied, and are now in the possession of the offi-
cers of this House, shall be equally distributed among the
members of the House, for distribution among their re-
spective constituents.
Mr. ELY. 1 desire to ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts what documents he refers to ?
Mr. BUFFINTON. I refer to all documents
which have not been distributed.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
the reception of the resolution ?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLINGh I do not know
whether I desire to object or not. If I under-
stand the resolution, if any member of another
Congress, not a member of this, has left his books
here, those books go into the general distribution,
and all the members of this House share therein.
That would be very unjust.
Mr. BUFFINTON. It is the usual resolution
always introduced at the commencement of each
session.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I must object
to the resolution, if it is open to the objection I
state.
Mr. BUFFINTON. It is not.
