72
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. \t is impassible
in this part of the House to hoar anything, and
I therefore ask that the resolution may be again
read.
The Clerk read the resolution as;ain.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. that resolution
is open to the objection 1 suggested.
The SPEAIlfiR. Does the gentleman object
to the resolution ?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I do, sir.
RECORDING OP VOTES.
Mr. McPHERSON. X rise to a privileged
question.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. McPHERSON. I was sick yesterday and
unable to attend the session of the House, and I
desire to record my vote in favor of the loan bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will move that every
gentleman who was not present yesterday, and
who desires to have his vote recorded on the loan
bill and other bills, be permitted to have it done.
Mr. McPHERSON. Well, I vote "ay" on
the loan bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Several gentlemen were
absent yesterday when the bill reported by the
Committee on Commerce was passed, and who
desire to rccord their votes. Two of my col-
leagues were absent, and I hope leave will be
given to members to record their votes.
Mr. FENTON. I hope this practice will not
bo carried any further. I object.
Mr. VALLANDIG HAM. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. CONWAY. 1 desire to present a peti-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is called for.
Mr. CONWAY, i want to consume but one
minute of the time of the House in presenting the
petition of certain citizens residing on the New
York Indian lands in Kansas, in favor of the pas-
sage of a homestead law.
The SPEAKER. That can be done under the
rules.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
committees for reports.
LfcHUSLATlVl'l, ETC., APl'ItOlMUATCON UILTj.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making additional
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 18(W, and nppi opuations of ar-
rearages for the yeareutlingJune30, Irtfil; which
wait read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, made the special order for to-moriow at
one o'clock, ami ordered to be printed.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION TlIU,.
Mr. STEVENS, fioin the same committee, also
reported a bill making additional appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending 30th of June, l^G^, and appro-
priations of arrearages for the year ending 30th
of June, 18GX; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, made the special order for
to-morrow, and ordered to he printed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to leconsider the sev-
eral votes by which the bills were disposed of;
ond also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EFFICIENCY OF TUB ARMY.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported a bill to promote the
efficiency of the Army; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
EMPLOYMENT OF VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, ftom the same com-
mittee, also reported a bill to authorize the em-
ployment of volunteers to aid in supporting and
defending the Government of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and ordered to be printed.
CLOSE OE DEBATE.
Mr. STEVENS moved that all debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, on
House bill No. 18, making additional appropri-
ations for the support of the Army for the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 18G2, an4 appro-
priations of arrearages for the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, 1861, close in five minutes after
its consideration should be resumed in Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILIj.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
th&Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. '
Tjjic motion was agreed to.
Tfcfc House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Wasiiburne in the chair,) and proceeded
to the consideration of the bill making additional
appropriations for the support of the Army.
The bill having been read through, the Clerk
proceeded to read it by clauses for amendment.
The second clause of the bill was read, as fol-
lows:
For expenses of recruiting, transportation of recruits
from the different rendezvous to general depots, procuring
of medical attendance, and nil oihcr expenses attending
the r<u>ing of twenty-four thousand two hundred and
eightv-five men, to he organized into nine regiments of in-
fantry, one regiment of cavahy, and one regiment of artil-
lery, as per Gonoial Orders No. IG, dated War Department,
Adjutant General's Office, Washington, May 4, 1861,
$358,000.
Mr. BURNETT. Mr. Chairman, I propose as
an amendment, with a view simply to make an
inquiry of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, to strike out the word " nine," in the
eleventh line, and insert u ten" in lieu thereof.
The first opportunity I have had of examining
this bill has ocen since the Clerk commenced the
reading of it. I have not yet been able to see the
estimates upon which 1 presume it is based. Mil-
lions and millions of dollars are voted—hurriedly
passed through the ] louse without an opportu-
nity being afforded to members upon this floor of
any investigation of these measures in detail, or
really understanding the features of the bills upon
which they are required to vote. 1 desire to ask
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means whether this bill is based upon estimates
furnished by the Secretary of War, and is in ac-
coulance with those estimates?
Mr. STEVENS. Entirely ho, sir. There is
no variation from the estimates.
Mr. P.tTRNETT. 1 wish to ask the gentleman
a further question. What is the aggregate amount
of money appropriated by the provisions of the
bill?
Mr. STEVENS. I think §167.000,000; de-
ducting, however, #(>,000,000, which was passed
at the beginning of the week.
Mr. HURNETT. One hundred and sixty-
seven million dollars?
Mr. STEVENS. Minus §6,000,000.
Mr. iJURNETT. The first clause in this bill
proposes that which Congress has refused to do,
1 believe, every session since I have had the honor
of a seat upon this floor—three Congresses—an
increase of the regular Army. If there were no
other reason, and without reference to the details
of the bill, I should vote against it for that rea-
son.
I offered the amendment j o forma and solely
with a view of obtaining this information; and I
will now, if no gentleman desires to speak in op-
position to it, withdraw it.
There being no objection, the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to strike out the
whole clause. I am entirely willing that any ap-
propriation shall be made that is'necessaiy to
cover the expenses incuried in suppressing the
insuireetion; but I am not willing to vote for a
proposition to more than double the standing
Army of the United States. I am willing to vote
$500,000,000 for the expenses of suppressing the
rebellion, and 500,000 m^n if it is necessary. I
believe this is the wish of the country. I know
that it is the wish of the people that 1 represent.
They will, uncomplainingly, give the last ccnt
they have, and the last drop of blood; but 1 do not
think they desire this unusual increase of the
standing Army. I think that if we need to in-
crease the standing Army at all, now is not the
proper time to do it. It is no sufficient answer to
say that we can reduce it at any time. It is very
difficult to reduce the Army after it has been once
increased; and the present demorfstration through
the country shows that the citizens of this coun-
try are willing to fight their own battles, and to
defend their own Government to the extent that
I have indicated—that is, to the extent of all the
property that they have, and laying down their
lives willingly and joyfully for their Government;
but I do not believe they want an increase of the
regular Army.
I do not wish to occupy time in speaking. I
shall not expatiate upon this uprising of the peo-
ple. These things are familiar to us all. 1 nicely
rose to indicate what, in my opinion, is the desire
of the* loyal citizens of the United States. I
therefore hope the motion will prevail.
Mr. MALLORY. I would respectfully ask
the Chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means how it is that this enormous appropria-
tion for the support of the Army of the United
States, contemplating an increase of that Army
and the calling out of an immense force of volun-
teers, happens to be presented to the House before
the Military Committee have reported in favor of
increasing the Army and calling out those volun-
teers? Are we not legislating m advance of the
necessity of legislation in this matter?
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know that I can
properly say anything until the vote is taken on
the amendment.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent the
gentleman can answer the interrogatory of the
gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. STEVENS. We have based our appro-
priation bill on the demands of the War Depart-
ment. It is the desire of our committee to make
these appropriations and to finish this session of
Congress, as far as wc are concerned, in the least
possible time. We cannot wait on other com-
mittees to make their reports before we proceed,
without protracting the session. We had hoped
to be able to finish up our business, and to be
ready to adjourn by next Thursday at furthest.
If other committees do not conform to the recom-
mendations of the Departments, we will, perhaps,
be compelled either to amend these bills, or to
pass supplementary bills. But we go on the sup-
position that the estimates of the Departments
will be followed by all our committees. On that
ground, we have followed the estimates, which is
the usual way. Wc did not see the necessity of
waiting for the action of other committees. It is
just as right that they should conform to our es-
timates of what money should be appropriated,
as that we should conform to their estimates of
the number of men required. We think that the
Army called for by the Secretary of War and the
President should be granted, and that the House
ought to conform to their requisition. If the Mili-
tary Committee report a bill recommending a
greater or less force, I think the bill ought to be
rejected. Hence we have reported a bill in ac^
cordancc with the recommendation of the Execu-
tive, being disposed, in these war times, to give
to the Governmental! they ask, and as they asked
it, in the hope that another half year will not pass
away without something being done, through the
use of this army, to terminate this extraordinary
rebellion.
As regards the increase of the Army, I have to
say that I think it at this time very necessary,
Wc do not know exactly how long this war will
continue. The impoitance of having old disci-
plined troops as a nucleus for all new troops to
rally around is so obvious to every gentleman,
and must be especially so to my friend from Illi-
nois,that it hardly requires any other argument,
if this Army be found too large after this rebel-
lion is suppiessed,it is very easy for Congress to
repeal that law and reducc the Army to a peace
standard. This is the war standard of the Army.
This is the standard which wc think, in the pres-
ent time, having a vast country to subdue, it is
necessary for us to have. When peace is upon
us, I shall, if I happen to be here, go as far as the
gentleman to reduce the expenses by reducing the
Army to the peace standard. But I do not think
fifty thousand men too huge a standing Army as
a war standard. Hence I hope this bill will pass
as it has been reported.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to amend
the amendment, by striking out the words " and
