1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
73
fifty-eight," in the fifteenth line. I desire to call
the attention of the committee to the fact that this
paragraph of the bill makes provision for the in-
creaseof the standing Army,as ordered by exec-
utive proclamation, and without the authority of
Congress; and, as the gentleman frotn Kentucky
has said, in anticipation of any action looking to
the possible ratification—if it be possible to ratify
it—of the act of the President. I trust we shall
be allowed a vote by yeas and nays in the House
on this proposition. Believing the act of the Pres-
ident to be unconstitutional, X am opposed to the
proposition; and if I did not so believe, I would
be opposed to it also on the ground suggested by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Lovejoy.] It
would be far preferable, in my judgment, to have
the officers of the regular Army distributed fairly
among the volunteer regiments, instead of taking
all the Army officers, who hjive been educated at
the expense, of the United States, and then going
to civil life for the purpose of bringing in a very
large proportion also, and thus making up an in-
crease of the regular service. It seems to me that
some of the disasters and mismanagements that
have already occurred in the course of these hos-
tilities are attributable directly to the fact that
raw and incompetent officers from civil life have
been in command.
I rose, however, not to discuss this matter at
length, but simply to express the hope that
we shall be allowed a vote on it. While up, I
desire to say that I regretted hearing the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means say
that his object was simply to carry out blindly
the recommendations of the Executive Depart-
ments. As one whose position is well understood
in regard to this war, I have this to say: inasmuch
as the war is to be waged—there is no doubt that it
will go on for the present—I ask the majority in this
House and in the Senate to takechargeofit, so that
it may be waged under the auspices of Congress.
It is well known that I have not the utmost con-
fidence in the party that is predominant here and
in the other wing of the Capitol; but I would a
thousand times rather trust them—without refer-
ence to the individuals who compose the Admin-
istration—than trust the Administration itself, or
any Administration, from Washington's down.
Let them, then, take charge of this war. Let it be
carried on in alt respects—except its mere execu-
tion—by the representatives of the States and of
the people, and not merely by the Executive.
I protest., then, against the proposition that
we shall agree to whatever is asked of us by the
Executive Departments.
Mr. BLAIII, of Missouri. I do not understand
thatthissection of the bill, as reported, authorizes
the addition of new regiments to the regular force
of the Army. I understand it simply to authorize
the payment of a certain amount for recruiting
these regiments. I have risen now merely to re-
spond to something that fell from the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, in regard"to
the manner in which the Military Committee has
discharged its duties. The Committee on Military
Affairs has had under consideration the subjectof
adding these new regiments to the regular Army;
but itlias not as yet thought proper to authorize
any bill on this subject. X do not know what it
will decide m regard to it. It is certainly a sub-
ject of vast importance to the country; and we
are entitled, I presume, to have some little time
in which to consider it, and to gather the opinions
of tho'se who arc well acquainted with the sub-
ject.
But I see no objection to this section of the bill.
I do not see that it will authorize the addition of
these regiments to the regular force of the Army.
But in case Congress does authorize the increase,
it authorizes the Secretary of War to pay this
sum for recruiting these regiments. If Congress
shall not order tilts addition, then, as a matter of
course, this section will fall, and be of no prac-
tical effect, 1 therefore see no objection to the
section.
The question was taken on Mr. Vallandig-
ham's amendment to the amendment; and it was
rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Lovejoy's amend-
ment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to amend by striking
out " twenty-four " and inserting "twenty-five,"
in line ten, so as to make it twenty-five thousand
two hundred and eighty-five men.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair gives notice
that members must confine themselves strictly to
their amendments.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I simply want to say, in re-
sponse to the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, when he says that this is a war meas-
ure, that the very idea of making it a permanent
thing, implies that it is not a war measure, but a
peace measure.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois must confine himself to his amendment, and
state the reason why twenty-five shouldbe inserted
instead of twenty-four.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Because I think, if wo are
going to do anything in that way, we ought to do
it on a larger scale. This House, I suppose, is
of one opinion in regard to voting all that is de-
sired for the war, whether it is four hundred
thousand men and §400,000,000, as asked for by
the President, or five hundred thousand men and
$500,000,000. But I am not prepared, with my
present convictions, to vote more than double,
nearly treble, the present standing Army, which
is not a war measure, but a peace measure. 1 ask
leave to withdraw my amendment.
Mr. McCLER-NAND. With the view to sub-
mit a few remarks, I move to amend the amend-
ment by reducing the appropriation in the fif-
teenth line to $8,000.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Vallandigiiam,] and other gentlemen who have
spoken against this clause of the bill, have as-
sumed, as the basis of their objections, that it
authorizes an increase of the regular Army to the
extent of twenty-four thousand men, or some
eleven regiments in all. This is a mistake. This
is an appropriation bill, and not a bill to raise any
military force. True, it proceeds upon the idea
that the regular Army will be increased; but it
does not, of itself, increase it. Its object is sim-
ply to provide for the payment of the expenses
which may be necessarily incurred in making
such increase, if, hereafter, Congress shall au-
thorize the increase; and the judgment of Con-
gress will determine that question. The chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs [Mr.
Blair] has already informed us that the ques-
tion now engages the attention of that committee,
and that they will repoit upon it at an early day.
If the committee should report against any in-
crease of the regular Army, then this appropria-
tion would necessarily lapse for want of an ob-
ject to which to apply it; or, if the committee
should report in favor of substituting volunteers
for regulars, and provide in the same bill for the
application of the appropriation accordingly, it
would be so applied, and the objections 1 am
combating would be obviated.
All who are in favor of a vigorous and succssfiil
prosecution of this war until rebellion and treason
shall be crushed out; all who are in favor of this
—and I am one of them; all such persons—and
they are overwhelmingly in the majority—are in
favor of an increase of the military force, in such
form and proportions as will insure this most
important and desirable result.
But, sir, what of this clamor about the increase
of the regular Ai my and a standing Army ? Has
it been too large? Will the proposed addition
make it too large ? I -assert, sn, that it has been
too small for ten or fifteen years—ever since the
close of the Mexican war< and 1 tlnnk that must
bo the judgment of all intelligent men who have
carefully reflected upon the subject. Had our
standing Army, after the close of that war, been
raised to the standard required by lhe new order
of things, many Indian forays might have been
averted, and much human blood saved from being
shed upon the borders of Texas, and our de-
pendant Territories, by the savage tomahawk and
butcher knife.
Again, sir, what was the state of the case at
the time this unholy rebellion broke out? The
regular Army had been dispersed all over the
country in small bodies. If the purpose had been
to place them out of the way, so as to enable pre-
meditated rebellion to make head against the Gov-
ernment, it could not have been more effectually
accomplished. And oven had they been concen-
trated, so limited as their numbers weie, could
they have arrested the progress and development
of a conspiracy which included the rulers of sev-
eral States?
Circumstances have changed. Wc are no longer
an infant and small nation. We have come to be
a great empire—a Republic of thirty-four States,
and some thirty or more million people; aiid an
Army of fourteen or fifteen thousand men is not a
sufficient military police to preserve order every-
where within our extended dominions, and,to
restrain Indian hostilities along our extended and,
exposed borders. It appears to me that every
gentleman must see this. •
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURNETT. I had thought, not like the
honorable gentleman from Illinois, that this waa
not agreat empire, but a Confederacy of sovereign
and cocqual States. I had thought that this was
a Government resting for its support upon the
affections and the consent of the governed; that
it did not require a standing Army to keep the
people in order; that it did not require even four-
teen or fifteen thousand men as a police to keep
the people of this country in order. I may not
be as well informed as the gentleman from Illi-
nois. But, sir, I do know that the fathers of this
Republic, that the great men who have illustrated
its history, who have done as much perhaps for
the country as any other set of men in giving it
its greatness and its importance, have always
been jealous of a standing army. The greatest
of the past Administrations and of past parties in
the country have always opposed regular standing
armies. But whatever view gentlemen may take
in regard to the putting down of this rebellion, or
revolution, as it is called, surely the wisdom of
this House will urge each one of us to concur in
the opinion stated by the gentleman from Illinois
now in my eye, [Mr. Lovejoy,] that if this re-
bellion is to be put down by armed force, it should
not be done by an increase of the regular Army,
but by the volunteers of the country.
Mr, McCLERNAND. X desire to ask the
gentleman from Kentucky one question. Will he
vote for a volunteer force to put down this rebel-
lion ?
Mr. BURNETT. Not for one man. I am not
willing to vote for them,for I do not believe that
you can hold this Government together at the
point of the bayonet or at the cannon's mouth.
1 believe, with that distinguished Senator whose
eulogy has been pronounced in this House during
the present week, that the drawing of the sword
and the arraying of hostile armies between the
two sections of this country is the death knell of
our republican form of government. These, sir,
are the sentiments expressed by the late Senator
Douglas, on the floorofthe Senate, and they are
my sentiments. You can no more hold this Gov-
ernment at the mouth of the cannon, or at the
point of the bayonet, than you can hold the light-
nings of heaven or gather the winds in the hollow
of your hands.
No, sir; I say to the gentleman now, and I say
it in the fullness of my heart, that five hundred
thousand men and §500,000,000, if raised by this
House for the subjugation of a portion of this
country, will not accomplish that purpose. They
may desolate the country; they may lay waste
cities and towns; but when they meet here again
on the first Monday in December next, they will
find their $500,000,000 gone; they will find their
five hundred thousand soldiers still in the field;
but no nearer a peace than now.
This much, sir, I desire to say, and these are
the reasons why I will not vote for men or money.
I have .from the commencement, been for a peace-
ful solution of this struggle, and I am for it now.
I have been published to the country as a seces-
sionist; but, sir, in the last speech which I had
the honor to make upon this floor, I announced
my opinion that there was no warrant in the
Constitution for the doctrine of secession. _
Sir, I do not believe in it, as a constitutional
doctrine; I believe it is the theory of our Govern-
ment that it. rests for its support upon the affec-
tions and the consent of the governed. I do re-
gard, as one of the citizcns of this* country, anu
one of the representatives of the people, that the
rcsoi t to armies and navies and the horrors of war
will sound the death knell of the Republic; and
for that reason I enter my solemn prdtest against
this whole measure.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House for leave to withdraw my
amendment. 1
There was no objection; and the amendment
was accordingly withdrawn.
