1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
derstand well, too, the gallantry and bravery of
those who are in rebellion, as it is called,against
ihis Government, and now in a condition of rev-
olution-, and I tell gentlemen now, carry out the
picture painted in full j carry on this war; drench
this country in blood; have your armed five hun-
dred thousand men in the field; desolate the fair
fields of both sections of the country; let the streams
run with blood; let all that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania can desire be accomplished; and
then tell me, will you, what your country is worth
when the finale comes? Tell me, will you, what
will your Government be worth when you have
accomplished all that you ask shall be done? Sir,
when the pen of the historian shall come to write
the history of the times in which we live, I toll
gentlemen upon this floor now, there will be a
fearful accountability for some of us to vender.
Sir, when the gentleman tells me that this war
must be prosecuted, 1 say, go on; you have the
power; I prefer peace to war, but I am powerless
here. Let me remind him that when my vener-
able colleague [Mr. Crittenden] and other south-
ern men in this House, and at the other cud of the
Capitol, were begging you at the last session of
Congress, on bended knees, and with tears in our
eyes, to give us something to restore peace and
fraternity to our common country,and to stay this
revolution, all those appeals and entreaties were
not only resisted, but treated with silent contempt
and indignant scorn; and all propositions looking
to that end were voted down; and now, by the
act of the President of the United States, without
authority of law, and in violation of the Consti-
tution, war has been inaugurated; and here, as one
of the people's Representatives, I boldly enter my
solemn protest against it.
Mr. H 1CKMAN. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Imovetostrikeout" twenty-
four thousand," and insert five thousand," in
the tenth line. I do not think it fair for the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, 0l' any other gentle-
man, to make up a false issue in regard to this
measure. It is not a question whether this war,
or this suppression of rebellion, shall be carried
on, aird carried on till the stars and stripes float
in every place where ihey have a right to float.
The question is, who is to do it? The question
is, shall it be done by the increase of the regular
Army, or whether you will take these patriotic
volunteers, who have flocked here in thousands
and thousands, and let the citizen soldier accom-
plish this, his appropriate work? That is the
question, and I will not allow the issue to be
changed. Take your men, in God's name. You
can have half a million or a million of them; vou
can have fourorfivehundred million dollars. The.
people are pressing the bit like a restive horse to
put down this rebellion. I am willing to carry
on tins war until, if it is necessary, some future
historian shall write of us as Tacitus wrote of the
Romans: Solitudincm faciant et pacem appellant.
Ay, sir, if there is no other way to quell this re-
bellion, we will make a solitude, and call it peace.
And I tell the gentleman fiom Kentucky that he
need not make any appeals to us about peace; he
need not talk to us about the shedding of blood
and the burning of houses and villages and cities.
i; There is no peace to the wicked ,saith my God;"
there is no peace to these rebels and traitors, who
have raised their hands against the Government.
"We will carry on this war; the people will carry
it on; the eitiz.cn soldier will fight this battle. He
is impatient to do it now; but we do not want—
certainly not now—to increase the regular Ai my.
Who are the officers of these traitors and rebels?
They are men who were educated by the nation,
who were officers of the regular Army, and who,
in the hour of their country's peril, abandoned it,
abjured their oath,and are now leading rebel forces
in the sacrilegeous work of attempting to destroy
the Government. Let us keep the real question
in mind. It is simply whether we shall incicase
the standing Army, and not at all as to the amount
of men and money we will place at the disposal
of the Administration. I will vote the highest
number of men and the largest amount of money
that can be mentioned; and so, as far as I know,
will my constituents, without distinction of pai-
ty. The people are terribly in earnest. They
mean to put down this rebellion at any cost. The
only point is, shall we have a standing Army of
fifty thousand? I have always advocated the the-
ory that the volunteer forcc would always fight
the battles of their country. They always have;
and the present unparalleled uprising demonstrates
that they always will. The people will never
alienate the privilege of defending the Union. If
wo are to increase our martial peace establish*
lishment, let us do it after we have passed through
the present contest. But, Mr. Chairman, I did
not mean to detain the committee. I am not re-
sponsible for this discursive debate. I made my
first motion ingood faith, and confined my remarks
strictly to the subject, to wit, the increase of the
standing Army.
Mr. JACKSON. I desire, Mr. Chairman, to
say a single word in response to the remarks made
by my colleague, [Mr. Burnett.] My colleague
does not represent the sentiments of tlie people of
Kentucky. He will not vote a man or a dollar to
this war—Kentucky will give all she has to de-
fend the Government and support the Constitu-
tion. My colleague declares that he does not rec-
ognize or believe in the right of secession: herein
Kentucky agrees with him; but he intimated that
he recognized the right of revolution, and 1 infer
from his declarations that he justifies this revo-
lution*—but Kentucky condemns it as wicked and
unnecessary. My colleague says further, that
the destiny of Kentucky shall be his destiny. I
do not yield to any man in loyalty to Kentucky;
but I declare—and 1 believe that in so doing I
utter the sentiment of a large majority of the peo-
ple of my State—that, under no circumstances,
nor at any hazard, will I ever raise my arm for
the destruction of the Federal Union. [Suppressed
applause.] And I say further, in relation to his
declaration touching State sovereignty, that we
in Kentucky believe that the Federal laws, passed
in pursuance of the Constitution and the Federal
Government, within its sphere are supreme, and
that the State laws and State government are sub-
ordinate. I have fcltitnecessary to say thus much
in reply to the declarations which my colleague
made.
Mr. JLovejoy's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 move to amend by in-
creasing the number of men to thirty-five thou-
sand.
Mr. Chairman, I did not, then, misapprehend
the position of the gentleman from Kentucky.
His fortunes arc identified,as his affections are
enlisted, upon the side of his State, no matter what
side that State may be on, whether for or against
the Government under which we live. If she is
for rebellion, then the Representative is for rebel-
lion; but if the loyal men of that State shall be
strong enough to counteract the influences adverse
to them, then he will be upon the side of loyalty.
I did not misapprehend him. According to his
own showing, his position here is a most equiv-
ocal one, to say the least of it. He is not averse
to rebellion; although, perhaps, he might prefer
loyalty. I should like him to be more distinctin
his utterances, so that we might be able to de-
termine to a certainty in what direction his par-
ticular affections lie. Rut, sir, allow me to say to
him, and to all who may be affected like him, that
if he is afraid of rivers of blood and burning vil-
lages and of general desolation, let him take care
and see to it that he does not bring aboutthe very
calamities which he so much fears.
Sir, it is no longer a question in the United
States of North America whethci tliei e are enough
men, and whether there is enough money,to put
down rebellion. Nor is it a question, either, as to
the existence of the determination to do it. They
have resolved, and re-resolved; and the war is
upon us. That war will be persevered in by the
grants alike of men and money, until those who
have questioned the courage of the North will be
willing to admit it in other places than here. Sir,
I have never before heard it admitted on this floor
that the North had any courage; but now, at last,
at the eleventh hour, yea, at five minutes before
high noon, comes the admission that the North
has some courage. Let the gentleman from Ken-
tucky look to it that that northern courage, which
he now admits, does not bring on him and his the
desolation he fears.
Mr. BURNETT obtained the floor.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. I must rise to a
question of order. I desire that the debate shall
be confined henceforward strictly to the question
whether the regular Army shall be increased or
not? A large latitude has been allowed, and gen-
tlemen have spoken at considerable length, with-
out perhaps that good, feelingwhich might have
been exhibited. ' - "
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has endeav-
ored to confine gentlemen to the amendments, biit
it seems impossible to do so. It is very difficult
to draw the line; but the Chair hopes that gen-
tlemen will confine themselves as strictly as pos-
sible to the amendments. .
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. I understand the
question to bo the one I have just presented 
whether the regular Army shall be increased or
not?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, to whitfh the gen-
tleman from Kentucky rises to speak in opposi-
tion, is in regard to the increase of the amount.
It is difficult to say, under an amendment of thctt
kind, how far a speaker can properly go, under
the rules. *
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. What I desire is,
that we shall have a diiect vote on this question.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee will see
that if this latitude of debate be indulged in, we
can never get through with the bill in the regular
course of legislation.
Mr. STEVENS. I want to say that, as soon
as the gentleman from Kentucky shall have fin-
ished his remarks, I shall, if 1 can get the floor,
move that the committee rise, so as to limit debate
on this section. "We are, in effect, going into a
general debate of everything. I want to say fur-
ther, that there will bo an opportunity of discuss-
ing all these questions in a more regular manner
than now. I therefore hope that gentlemen will
refrain from these long, rambling discussions,
which are not to the'point of the Hill; and I will
ask, after the gentleman from Kentucky closes,
that the committee rise for the purpose of closing
debate. '
Mr. McCLERNAND. I rise to a question of
order. The gentleman from Kentucky has occu-
pied the floor three several times; and the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hickman] has also
occupied it several times. If the gentleman from
Kentucky shall be allowed to indulge in general
debate again, I wish to reserve to myself the priv-
ilege of indulging in the same character of debate.
I have restrained myself from saying something
which I desired to say, in consequence of the in-
timation from the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky rises to reply to the remarks of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman,] and the
Chair holds that it is but fair that the gentleman
from Kentucky should have the same latitude as
the gentleman from Pennsylvania has had.
Mr. BURNETT. The older members of this
House, Mr. Chairman, will bear me witness that
in the discussions of all subjects in which I have
participated during my six years' service on this
floor, my coursc has been, at least, marked with
courtesy and respect. I have never permitted
myself to indulge in impugning the motives of
members, nor called in question their conscien-
tious convictions of what they might deem to be
their duty as members of this House. Neither
do I recognize the right—and members might as
well understand it—of any member on this floor
to call in question either my motives or my ac-
tions as one of the independent Representatives
of the people.
And, sir, in response to the member from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Hickman,] permit me to say to
him that, in connection with our services on this
floor, and with our desires for the preservation of
this Government and the Union of these States
intact—theupholdingand preservation of theCon-
stitution of oui fathers—my record may bear fa-
voiable comparison with his. That record is
covered all o\er with efforts to sustain the present
condition of the country; efforts—humble though
they may have been—to remove all causes of of-
fense and irritation, and to spread abroad in both
sections of the country the spirit of fraternity and
love. These have been my efforts. Letthe gentle-
man look to it, and see, and answer to his own
conscience and to his country, how much he has
contributed to bring about the present unhappy
and unfortunate condition of our common coun-
try. Let nie tell him and others, now, once for
all, that so far as my efforts aic concerned here,
there is no man on this floor who will go further,
and make more surrender of his own private
views and opinions, to reconstruct this Govern-
