76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
ment and to reunite the family of States, than the
Representative from the first congressional dis-
trict of Kentucky. I represent that district. I
am the agent of the people of that district, and
speak for them. I do not claim to speak the sen-
timents of Kentucky; and I presume that my
friend and colleague [Mr. Jackson] would not
depart from his sphere by speaking for all the
districts in the State.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania tolls me to
"look to it that you and yours are not swept with
the besom of destruction in this revolution which
isnow raging." I know not whether, in mere brute
courage, mere physical courage, I am equal to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania; but I have amoral
courage which rises above mere physical courage,
and which leads me to do my duty here, let the
consequences be what they may, so far as I am
personally concerned. That duty, I tell the mem-
ber from Pennsylvania, shall be discharged fear-
lessly, and with a due regard not only to the rights
of the people whom I represent, but to the rights
of others.
This much I desired to-day. I have notsought
to interfere with the business of the House, or to
retard its progress. I intend to throw no obstacle
in the way of those who will be responsible fol-
ks legislation, and who have the numbers here.
But, in the discharge of the duties which I owe to
my own conscience and to the country, 1 shall
speak here; and I tell the gentleman once for all
that his warning voice falls on heedless ears.
The question oeing on Mr. Hickman's amend-
ment, Mr. Hickman, by unanimous consent, with-
drew it.
Mr. STEVENS. For the purpose of limiting
debate, I move that the committee rise.
Mr. COX. Before that motion is put, I desire
to ask the chairman of the Committee of Ways
anil Means a question winch is pertinent to the
first section of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. It cannot be done, unless
the gentleman from Pennsylvania withdraws his
motion.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 do not withdraw it. The
gentleman can ask his question again.
Mr. COX. It is a simple question, and can be
answered in three words.
Mr. STEVENS. Yes; but to do so I would
have to withdraw my motion.
The question was taken on Mr. Stevens's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. WAsmiunNK reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration, according to
order, the Army appropriation bill, and had come
to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all debate on
this section be terminated in one niinute after it
shall he resumed in Committee of the Whole on
tin! state of the Union.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 desire merely to
call the attention of the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means to the faet that I under-
stand the general order of the War Department
to which this paragraph refers is numbered fifteen
instead of sixteen.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that no
debate is in order on the motion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to extend the time for
debate on this section to twenty minutes. There
is a portion of it that ought to be discussed. All
the morning has been taken up with everything
else except the subject under consideration.
The SPEAKER. Docs the gentleman from
Pennsylvania a^ree to the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Illinois?
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will compromise on
ten minutes, if the gentleman will allow tliat.
Mr. STEVENS. I prefer the motion as I have
oftered it.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of th  Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Cpmmittee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wasiibukne in !
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
additional Army appropriation bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to strike from
the paragraph the words " as per General Orders
No. 16, dated War Department, Adjutant Gen-
eral's Office, Washington, May 4,18G1." I have
no doubt about the necessity of increasing the
regular Army; but this is not the proper time to
do it. Now, if you do not amend the bill directing
the appropriation, you make the increase now. I
am not opposed to the regular Army. I know its
superiority, where you have educated officers, and
give them time to drill and discipline the troops;
but this force, which you choose to call regular,
is really nothing more norless than undisciplined
volunteers with their officers, or a large propor-
tion of them, as raw and inexperienced as they
can be. I think the proper time to increase the
Army is at the termination of the war, when you
will have it in your power to reward the services
of men who have, in the volunteer force, distin-
guished themselves on the field of battle. But if
you make the increase now, you hold out no in-
ducements to men to distinguish themselves in the
volunteer service.
[Here the hammer fell.}
The CHAIRMAN announced that all debate
upon this section of the bill had terminated by
the order of the House.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. COX. I wish to inquire, by the consent
of the committee, whether any expenses have al-
ready been incurred in reference to the troops this
appropriation is to pay for calling into service;
whether any of the officers have actually been
appointed; and whether they have not already
received some portion of their pay as officers of
the regular Army, before the assembling of Con-
gress, or any inquiry had been made by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs as to the propriety of
calling them into service?
Mr. STEVENS. I believe the gentleman's
inquiries should, to some extent, be answered in
the affirmative; and it is to meet these circum-
stances that there is pending, in the other_end of
the Capitol, what is called the indemnity bill.
The question being on the amendment offered
by Mr. Loyejoy,
Mr. LOVEJOY called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I submit the prop-
osition that, by unanimous consent, a vote be
ordered by yeas and nays upon this amendment
in the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend, in the
thirtieth line, by inserting the words " two end"
before the word " three;" so that it will read:
l''or pay of the two unci tlnce yeuis' volunteers,
$flj,000,00t).
It is perfectly well understood, although not
mentioned in the official report, that many of the
volunteers are called into service for two years.
It is to provide for that class of volunteers lhat I
offer the amendment, and I moije that the same
change may be made m the paragraphs following,
referring to the three years' volunteers.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEN. I desire to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means if the
estimates furnished by the Department for the
expenses of the Army are based upon the proba-
ble expenses of the Army as it now exists, or
upon the probable expenses of the Army when
it shall be increased as proposed by the Admin-
istration?
Mr. STEVENS. They are based upon the
Army as it is supposed to exist if the wishes of
the Administration are carried out.
Mr. ALLEN. Then the Committee of Ways
and Means has anticipated the action of Congress
in this respect.
Mi. STEVENS. The Administiation have
required a certain number of men in addition, and
this appropriation is based upon the requirement
of the Administration.
Mr. LEHMAN. I move to amend in the
one hundred and sixty-sixth line by adding:
Fort Delaware, Delaware river, $.">0,000.
T move to include this fortification among those
on which repairs are to be made; because it is the
only important one guarding the access to the
second city in importance in the Union; and I
submit to this body that it should be well pro-
tected, especially taking into view the manifesta-
tions of loyalty to the Union in this crisis, the
city which I in part represent having sent into
the field some sixteen thousand volunteers to aid
in the support of the Government.
Mr. SPAULDING. I will merely remark that
this fortification was not included in the estimates
of the Department, and was not, therefore, in-
cluded in the bill.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I desire to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
whether, at this time, when we are under the ne-
cessity of borrowing money in large amounts for
higher purposes, involving the probable necessity
of resorting to direct taxation, there is an abso-
lute requirement that these fortifications and
works of defense shall be carried on to their com-
pletion, abstracting a still further amount from
the Treasury? If it is not absolutely necessary
that these forts shall be pressed on to completion
at this time, I will move to strike out the appro-
priations for them.
Mr. SPAULDING. I will say to the gentle-
man that the reason why they have been in-
cluded in this bill is, that they have been esti-
mated for by the Department, and sent to us to
be included.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I will move, then, to strike
out the whole scries of appropriations for fortifi-
cations, and leave them for the action of a regular
session of Congress. This Congress was called
together for a specific purpose, and I do not be-
lieve it is necessary at this time that the work-on
these national fortifications shall be progressed
with.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
it is too late to make that motion now. The
reading of the bill has passed beyond the portion
the gentleman proposes to strike out.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Vcr\*We!l; I will make
the motion in the House.
Mr. FISHER. I offer the following amend-
ment: *
For Fort Delaware, Delaware river, State of Delaware,
§•50,000.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. Mr. Chairman,it
must be obvious to the House why these appropria-
tions are called for. They have been estimated for
and recommended by the Topographical bureau.
Many of these forts are in an incomplete state,
requiring considerable repairs. They furnish
convenient depots for our troops. It is known,
too, that what is called the southern confedercy
has issued letters of marque to privateers, and
that those privateers are now prowling about our
coasts. It is almost as necessary that those fortifi-
cations should be taken care of and putin an effect-
ive condition as if we were at this moment at war
with a foreign Power.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I offer the following
amendment:
For completing the defensive works already commcnced
on the south side of the Potomac, and for the construction
of simdfu woiks on tiicnoith side of the city of Washing-
ton, $1,000,000.
Mr. Chairman, I had the honor a few days ago
to offer a resolution in this House requesting the
Secretary of War to furnish us with information
on this subjcct, which, however, has not yetbeen
responded to. I can, therefore, in support of my
amendment, only refer to the information which
I have received from an officer of the engineer
corps, fie tells me that the defensive works
which have already been commenced on the other
side of the river may be completed for §500,000;
and, further, that similar works may be con-
structed upon the north side of this city which
will enable the Government to reduce the force
nccessary for the defense of this capital at least
one half. Now, sir, when we recollect the thrill
of anxiety which passed through this whole coun-
try when we supposed that this capital was
taken—that it was in imminent danger at one
time we all know—I think it will be conceded to
be proper that we should do all in our power t©
satisfy our people of its ability to repel any attack.
We do not know what may happen in reference
to our own people and to foreign nations. I trust,
therefore, that the amendment will be agreed to.
