1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. 1 offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
For repairs aii<l completion of Fort Warren, in Boston
harbor, <§50,000.
Mr. Chairman, that fort commands the entrance
of Boston harbor. It has never been completed,
and I offer this amendment that it may be. It is
now occupied by Federal troops.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In line one hun-
dred and eighty-four there is a ^ appropriation of
$30,000 for contingent expenses. If any repairs
are needed at Fort Warren, they can be made out
of that appropriation. I oppose the amendment
as unnecessaiy, and hope that it will not be
adopted.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
PAY OF VOLUNTEERS, ETC.
The committee rose informally; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, a message was received
from the Senate, by Mr. Patton, one of its dorks,
notifying the House that that body had passed
the bill (H. R. No. 15) to provide for payment
of the militia and volunteers called into the service
of the United States by proclamation ©f the Presi-
dent, dated April, 1861, from the time they were
called into service until the 30th of June, 1861,
with amendments, in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the bill and
amendments be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
ARMY APPROPRIATION EIIX AGAIN.
The committee then resumed its session, (Mr.
Wasiiburne m the chair.)
Mr. VALLANDIGHA.M. I offer the follow-
ing proviso, to come in at the end of the bill:
Provided, however^ That no part of tho money hereby'
appiopriated shall be employed in subjugating, oi holding
as a conquered province, any povereigu State now or lately
one of the United States; noi in abolishing ot interfering
with African slavery in any of the States.
Mr. Chairman, my purpose in offering that
proviso is to disabuse the minds of any who may
possibly misunderstand the purpose of the war;
or if there be any improper purpose in the minds
of any one in power in regard to it, that the action
of this House may remove the possibility of any
misuse of the power we are conferring upon the
Administration. I desire to say further, that,
for so much of this bill as provides for the pay
and subsistence of the three-months volunteers,
I would gladly vote, if I were permitted to vote
on it alone; but as it is united with a provision
exceedingly obnoxious, as the ratification of an
unconstitutional act of the Executive, I shall be
obliged to vote against the whole measure. I
present my amendment to the consideration of
the House.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I ask my friend from
Ohio not to press lus amendment to this bill.
Let us bring the question it presents naked and
unencumbered before the House at another time.
He must be satisfied that as an amendment to this
bill it will be voted do.wn, and then the impres-
sion will go out that.Jt is the intention of the
Government to us.- i!u* \vniy and to expend the
money provided i , •' • way he suggests. I
hope to hear from   i i ."uds on the other side of
the House, at a prop/! nme, a declaration that it
is not the intention of the Government to subju-
gate any of the States, or to interfereowith their
domestic institutions, but rather to restore the
authority of the Federal Government, and to pro-
tect the citizens of all the States in the enjoyment
of all their rights under the Constitution and the
laws. I hope, therefore, that the gentleman will
withdraw h/s amendment.
Mr. VALLANDIGl-IAM. With the permis-
mission of the committee, I will say a single word
in reply. 1 should gladly comply with the re-
cpiest of the gentleman from Kentucky; but noth-
ing except what is done in connection with the
appropriation itself would be operative. I offer
the proposition as a limitation of the appropria-
tion. If it be understood that hereafter, on a
direct question, the sense of the House may be
taken on a similar proposition, I have no objec-
tion to that course being taken; but if I understand
the resolution adopted a few days ago, no inde-
pendent proposition will be in order, expressing
the purport of that which I have just submitted.
I do not think I ought, under the circumstances,
to withdraw the amendment, without some under-
standing upon this question. The committee can
vote it down; and if the direct question is pre-
sented to the House, and the sense of the House
is in favor of that proviso, there can be no mis-
understanding.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I rise to a question of
order. Is that amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is in
order, as it is a proviso limiting the appropria-
tion.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I am not prepared to
sit here, being, as I am, in favor of the vigorous
prosecution of this war, and allow gentlemen, in
violation of the rules of the House, to offer amend-
ments which carry an implication with them that
the object of this war is very different from the
design of those prosecuting it. I have heaid no
respectable man, or set of men, say that the object
of this war is to subjugate the seceding States and
hold them as conquered provinces. I have heard
no responsible authority say that the object of this
war is to abolish slavery in the States where it
exists. So'me anti-slavery editor or visionary
Abolitionist may have said so, but that is all. it
is all an illusion in the mind of the gentleman
from Ohio. My friend from Ohio says he has
heard some one say so.
Mr. COX. A member of this House.
Mr. McCLERNAND. And did he speak for
the country, or for those who arc prosecuting this
war? I am for prosecuting this war for the pur-
pose of vindicating the Federal authority and
putting down rebellion, and not for the purpose
of -subjugating the seceding States and holding
them as conquered provinces; not for the purpose
*of abolishing slavery; and I repudiate ail reflec-
tions of that kind. The imputation is unjust to
the friends of this war, and unjust to those who
are in favor of vindicating the authority of the
Government.
The question was then taken on tho amend-
ment of Mr. Vallandigham, and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the bill be laid
aside, to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
NAVAL SERVICE.
Mr. STEVENS. I move now to take up bill No.
19, making additionalappropriationsforthe naval
service for the year ending June 30, 1862, and
appropriations of arrearages for the year ending
June 30, 1861.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
accordingly taken up for consideiation.
The bill was lead through, and was then read
by clauses for amendment.
When the following clause was read:
For the purchase of hemp and other materials for the
Navy, $30u.0t)0.
Mr. MALLORY moved to amend, by adding:
Ptovidcd, That such hemp &hall be of domestic ptoduc-
tion and manufacture.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment out of order, as it changes existing
laws.
The reading of the bill having been finished,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved that the
committee rise, and report the bill to the House.
Mr VALLAND1GHAM. Before that motion
is put, I would inquire of the gentleman from
Vermont what is the amount of the appropriation
made by the bill ?
Mr. McKNIGHT. I will say to the gentle-
man that it is a little over thirty million dollars.
The motion of Mr. JVIorrill was agreed to.
Thecommitteeaccordinglyrose;and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, Mr. Washburne
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the state of the Union generally under considera-
tion, and particularly House bills Nos. IB and
19, and had directed him to report the same to the
House, with a recommendation that they both
do pass.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The bill (H. U. No 18) making additional ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1863, and appropria-
tions of arrearages for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1861, was then ordered to be engrossed, ami
read a^ third time; and being engrossed,, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. BURNETT called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider oil the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The bill (H. R. No. 19) making additional ap-
propriations for the naval service for the year
ending 30th of June, 1862, and appropriations of
arrearages for the year ending the 30th of June,
1861, being the next bill in order, was ordered to
be engrossed, and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, called the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to bo put.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAYMENT 03? MILITIA, ETC.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am directed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to report
back to the House Senate amendments to the bill
(H, R. No 15) providing for the payment o£the
militia and volunteers called into the service of
the United States by proclamation of the Presi-
dent, dated April, from the time they were
called into service to the 30th of June, 1861, with
a recommendation that the amendments be con-
curred in. I will say that the amendments are
merely verbal, reducing the appropriation some
$260,000, and amending the title.
The Senate amendments were severally con-
curred in.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to recon-
sider the votes by which the several amendments
were concurred in; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
a The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE JfROM THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President
of the United States, in answer to the resolution
of the House, of the 9th instant, requesting a copy
of the correspondence upon the subject of the
annexation of the Dominican Republic to the
Spanish monarchy; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. ALDR1CH asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House the papers
relating to the claim of Quitidaro Nancy Guthrie.
Mr. CLARK, of New York, also asked and
obtained leave to withdraw from the files of the
House the papers relating to the claim of George
J. Knight.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The usual practice has
been, on withdrawal, to leave copies of the papers
in the Cleric's office.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
leave is granted on the usual conditions.
UNITED STATE8 ARMOR?.
Mr. STRATTON,by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the joint resolution of the State of New
Jersey, recommending the construction of a Uni-
ted States armory; whictl was referred to the
select committee ordered yesterday upon that
subject.
And then, on motion of Mr. COX, (at three
o'clock and ten minutes, •p. m.,) the HouSe
adjourned.
