80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12.
and it is impossible to fill them while that reso-
lution stands on the statute-book. If that resolu-
tion should be repealed, there is still another ex-
isting in full force, which forbids the Secretary of
the Senate or the Sergeant-at-Arms from making
any changes without submitting them to the Vice
President for his approval. I do not propose to
meddle with that.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I think this
resolution had better be referred to the Commit-
tee to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. Yery well. I am content that
it should go to that committee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The object of
it is to create more offices; that is all.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, let it be referred to the
Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
be so referred, if there be no objection. TheChair
hears none. /
XIXE VOLUNTEER BILL.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the House of
Representatives have returned to us the bill (S.
No. 1) Jo authorize the employment of volunteers
to aid.m enforcing the laws and protecting public
property. I move to reconsider the votes by
which the bill was passed and ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time, for the purpose of
proposing some amendments to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
will be on reconsidering the vote by which the
bill was passed.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts further moves to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed
arid read a third time.
The motion was agreed to. *
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is now
open to amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I move to strike out the first
section of the bill, and insert what I send to the
Chair:
That tlic President be, and he ts licreby, authorized to
accept itio sLTVi'M-* of volunti'prH, cither an cavalry, in-
fantry, or artillery, In such numbers, not cxcccdinti five
hundtui thousand, as lie may deem nceo*.aiy foi the pur-
pose of repelling invasion, Mippic^vui^ inmmcctlou, cn-
foicintf the laws, and picscrvin^ and protcctiuy the public
property. The volunteeis mustered into the service under
tillh act shall serve foi the term of three yeats, unless sooner
dischaiKcd by the President ; but nothing in litis section
slnill ntlcct enlistments for a hiloitct period ol vofuuteei,-.
alrcildy mustered into the t,erviec. Ilefoie receiving into
scrvicc any number of vnlunteei^ c\ccedmi; thiw now
called for and accepted, the President shall, fimn tunc to
turn), Ifsue Ills pioelamation Milling the niiuibci di sncd,
either as cavalry, lutautry, oi aitilleiy, and the States I iiiiu
which they arc to be flmiMied, having lefeiciice m any
Mich >-e<nii~ition to the number then in service fioni the
several .States, and e(|uali/.iit£r, as fai as piacticable, the
number furnished by tile sevcial .States .tccoidmg to the
1'Vdeiul population.
The section proposed to be stricken out is in
the following woids:
That the 1'icMdent be, and lie hereby, authorized to
accept the scivk'C"> ol' volunteer-, eithci in eavahy, in
lantry, oi aidllery, in Mich numheis, not exceeding Jive
bundled thou-and, in h<* may derm nete-.«ai\, ioi the pui-
l w<: of lepeiliug invasion, suppressing insiiireetion, en-
lorcni',' tlx; Jaws, and preserving ami piotceUng the public*
piojMM ry.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, inowpropose furthertoamend
the* bill by adding to the fourth section the fol-
lowing:
The CJovri noisot ill'- .^mtcs furnishing volunteer under
Ibis act shall eominnsioii the field, ftafi', and company of-
ficer-, jequiMtc lor tin* .-aid volunteer; but in rases \vhero
me .said authorities iclte-c oi omit to furnish volitnleei - at
the end or on the pioelamation ol the l'le-jdont, and vol-
unteer fiom such States oilVt then .semces mulct such
call or pioelamation, the President dial! have pow< r to ac-
cept mh ii s>ci vjecs, and to eoiiiimsMon the propet held, slat),
ami company nfi]eei«j.
So that (he section will read:
Sec. 4. ~ln<! he it further eriactcd, That the Piesidcnt
shall he authored to appoint, by and with the advice and
consent ot tiic Senate, toi the command of the ibices pio-
vided f, r in this act, a number or' inajoi geneuH, not ex-
ceeding six, ami a number of bi lyadiei tfeneiaU. not ex-
ceeding eighteen, and tlie other division ami bugnde otlieets
requited for the organization of these Jorees, e,\eept the
aidci-de camp, who ybail bo selected by then le-peetivc
goneials Irom the subaltern otficeis of the Aim\ oi volun-
teer eoips. The Governors of tlie States- furnishing volun-
teers under (his uet &h UI commission the field, s-taif, and
comp'uiy othcer-; requisite for tlie said volunteeis; but in
ea*es where the said authomics refuse or omit to furni>!i
volunteers at the call or on the proclamation of the Pres-
ident, and volunteers from such States offer then services
under such call or proclamation, the President shall have
power to accept such services, and to commission the
proper field, staff, and company olbcers.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to insert, after the
words "field, staff, and company officers," the
words " and brigade officers." I understand that
the bill, as it stood before it was proposed to be
amended by the Senator from Massachusetts,
authorized and directed the President, only to ap-
point the brigade and division officers. "Now, I
want to have it so that the Governor of the State
can appoint the brigade pfficers if he chooses,
subject to the confirmation of the President of
the United States, The bill limits these appoint-
ments solely to the line of the service. They
must all be taken, as I understand it, from the
line«of the service.
Mr. WILSON. Oh, no.
Mr. GRIMES. Your bill says so.
Mr. WILSON. Only the staff officers.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I am laboring under a
misapprehension. If it only includes the staff
officers, I am satisfied.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to rcconsider the
vote by which the words " shall receive the pay
and allowance of a captain of cavalry" were
stricken out from the ninth section in relation to
the pay of chaplains, and the words " those now
serving in the regular Army" inserted. The
reason I make this motion is this: in the call made
by the President for volunteers, it was provided
that each icgiment should have a chaplain, and
that the compensation should be the pay of a
captain of cavalry. These regiments have chosen
their chaplains; they are in the service; they came
in under the plighted faith of the nation in this
respect; and, under these circumstances, I think
we had better adhere to the pledge we gave the
country. I hope, therefore, that the Senate will
reconsider the vote on this amendment, and that
we shall restore the bill as it stood, giving these
chaplains the compensation of a cap\ain of cav-
alry, instead of placing them on the same footing
us chaplains in the regular Army. I make the
motion to reconsider fur that purpose.
Mr. 1TOWE. 1 should like to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, what
the pay of a captain of cavalry is ?
Mr. WILSON. I have not looked to see pre-
cisely what it is. It is at least fifteen hundred
dollars—pay and emoluments.
Mr. IIOWE. Is it not over two thousand
dollars ?
Mr. WILSON. I think not. The Senator
from Iowa has tliG book in his hand, and can
answer.
Mr. GRIMES. One hundred and forty-five
dollars and fifty cents per month, and then some
allowances besides.
Mr. HOWE. What are those allowances?
Mr. GRIMES. Nobody can tell. They de-
pend on where their quarters arc, the amount of
fuel used, &c.
Mr. HOWE. You have the statement there.
Mr. GlllMES. No, sir; it is not stated here.
Tlie VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offeied by the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. HOWE. Well, sir, I hope the amend-
ment will not be adopted. I think there should
be some sort of consistency and uniformity in the
regulation of these salaries. I do not know of
tiny peculiar sacrifice orlundship made by this
cla&R of volunteeis; and I believe that tlie pay of
chaplain in the Army, as the service is now reg-
ulated, is quite equal to the pay of clergymen by
their parishes geneially throughout the country,
and 1 do not see any reason for increasing it.
Mr. COLLAMER. It seems to me the hon-
orable Senator lias hardly paid attention to the
statement which the chairman of tlie committee
presented to us. The fact is, many of these chap-
lains who Imve ceme on with the \ olunteers, and
are now with them, were very active men in get-
ting up the volunteers, in preparing the public
mind, tlie public taste, and inclination, and have
been as active, perhaps, and as efficient, as any
men among them. The regiments selected then-
chaplains, and they have come here. Now, they
came here, as has been said, under an assurance
they were to have the pay of a captain of cavalry.
It seems to me that the plighted faith of the na-
tion requires that we should carry that out unless
we intend to repudiate the assurancesundcr which
those gentlemen came. I am for carrying it out.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, 1 will only add
one word. Certainly, if the faith of the country
is pledged to this rate of compensation, I do not
wish to see the honor of the country disgraced;
but, as for the suggestion submitted by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, that they have any peculiar
claim upon the country by reason of the mis-
sionary efforts they have performed in getting up
these volunteers, 1 must say I do not think that
well founded, for I do not think there was any
missionary effort called for. I believe the coun-
try came itself; and when the necessity, the oc-
casion, offered and was perceived, the soldiers
themselves were as ready as any other class of our
community. *
Mr. WILSON. The only ground on which I
make this motion is, that I consider the faith of the
nation pledged to the men who have gone into the
regiments at the call of the President. Men have
left salaries of $2,000 to act as chaplains to these
regiments, where they cannot, by any possibility,
obtain so large a salary. Such men will have to
make sacrifices. The pay, I think, will be fifteen
or sixteen hundred dollars a year, if we restore
the clause to its original form. It is about eleven
hundred dollars now, including what they receive
in every way. If this were an original question;
if the Government had not fixed the compensation
when it invited these men into the service, I should
certainly be willing to fix it at a less rate; but as
we have pledged the country, and as there will
not and cannot be a large number of these men,
I think we had better stand by the pledges of the
Government, rcconsider our action, and place
them on the footing proposed by the President
when he made the call.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the amendment.
The Acting Secretary. The amendment
proposed to be reconsidered is as follows:
Inline eight, of section nine, strike out "a captain of
cavalry," and insert " those now serving in the regular
Anoy so as to make the clause read:
That there shall be allowed to each regiment one chap-
lain, who shall be appointed by the regimental commander,
on the vote of the field ofiieei< and company commander-*
on duty with the regiment at the time the appointment
shall be made. The chaplain so appointed must be a teg-
ular ordained minister of a Christian denomination, and
shall receive the pay and allowances of those now sei ving
in the legular Army.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is not the amend-
ment. It is just the reverse of that. The bili
now stands, that they shall have the pay of the
present chaplains; the proposition is to strike
that out, and give them the pay of a captain of
cavalry.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on reconsidering the vote by which the Senate
adopted an amendment fixing the pay of chap-
lai ns.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator from Massa-
chusetts will allow me, I will inquiie of him
whether these chaplains were appointed for the
three-years or the three-months volunteers?
Mr. WILSON. The three-years men.
Mr. POWELL. If appointed for tin; three-
years volunteers, I do not think the argument
that the faith of the nation is pledged ou^ht to
have any force whatever; because there was no
authority under the Constitution to raise those
men.
Mr. KING. The bill providing-for the organ-
ization of these volunteers is designed to organize
them upon the terms and conditions declared ns
the Ptesident's pioelamation, as to pay and emol-
uments, whether the}'' have volunteered for three
years or two years, or for whatever pet iod $f time;
under the laws of their States, tin yeame into the
service of tlie United States. Some of the States-
one has, at any rate, that I know, whose law was
passed before the proclamation was issued— havo
volunteers here tor two years. The bill provides
that they shall serve upon precisely the same gen-
eral conditions as if they were for three years,
making no diffeience between them on accountof
the term of service, Tlie only change from the
proclamation which has been proposed is this
amendment made in the Senate reducing the pay
of the chaplains. I think we had better, as thero
