82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
stands, they are employed at $53 33 per month;
and then they are sent back to look up another
practice. The Senate did not agree to the force
of that argument yesterday in reference to assist-
ant surgeons, and it docs not strike me as more
forcible when urged m behalf of this class of offi-
cers than the other, for I think a practice is quite
as difficult to secure by surgeons and physicians
as parishes are to be secured by clergymen.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand that places it in
exactly the condition the President proposed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. T he Senate adopted
an amendment striking out certain words reported
by the committee, and inserting others. A motion
has been made to reconsider that vote, and that
reconsideration has been made; and now the ques-
tion is again on restoring the very same words.
That is the amendment before the Senate.
The amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is still
open to amendment.
Mr. HOWE. I will propose a brief amend-
ment. I do not see any objection to it, but if there
is, the chairman can state it. I move to strike
out of the fourth section all the words following
"general," in the eighth line, so as to leave the
generals at liberty to select their aids without be-
ing compelled to resort to the regular Army or to
the volunteer corps.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator from Wis-
consin will not insist on the amendment which
he has suggested. That provision was put in the
bill for the purpose of preventing general officers
from selecting favorites that would be imposed
upon them, or who would impose themselves
upon them, and require them to appoint their aids
from the line of the Army, or from the officers
already enrolled in the volunteers. And let me
say, sir, that it is of vital importance that it should
be so; that these militia generals, these civilians,
should be required to go to the line of the Army
to obtain the officers who have the ability to in-
struct them in the necessary details, or that thoy
should go to the men who have enrolled them-
selves as officers in the volunteers, and are in the
field. A general ought not to be allowed, the mo-
ment he is appointed, lo east about among some
of his cousins, relations, and friends, and pick
up some favorite, and carry him into the lield
utterly unqualified for ihe place. This provision
is necessary, in my judgment, for the good of the
public service; and I therefore hope the Senator
will not press his amendment.
Mr. HOWE. I will submit just one consider-
ation, Mr. President, and tlieii, if the chairman
wishes, 1 will withdraw the amendment. 1 desire
to suggest that the officers of the volunteer corps
fiom whom, ns the bill stands, the generals are
authorized to select, have just received thoir com-
missions from the different Governors of the
States;andif it is believed lhat there youaresure
of getting effective aids, and that the generals will
not get them if they go outside of that line, I shall
not insist on my motion.
Mr. WILSON. If the general is a wise man,
and looks to the public interest and his own rep-
utation, he will undoubtedly take the officers from
the line of the Army; but we have given him the
privilege of taking the officer from the line of the
Army, or from the line of the volunteers. I
would not have gone that far, but it was thought
to be rather hard to make a distinction between
the volunteers and the Army. But 1 do hope these
general officers will not have the privilege of pick-
ing up any newspaper reporter, or any favorite
about them, and imposing him upon the country.
I think we have had a few speennensof that, for
I understand that in one case a general officer has
been in the field and brought around him a staff
dressed outin thefinest manner,making the finest
paradfe, who, when they heard the guns of the
enemy, were swift in going from the field. 1 hope
that the bill will stand as it is; and I hope further
that general officers who may be appointed will
have the good sense to go to the line of the Army
and select men of experience and talent to have
about them to aid them in their services.
Mr. HOWE. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I renew it. I renew it merely
to enable me to address an inquiry to the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs. There
are so many of these military bills that I cannot
keep the run of them. We have authorized the
creation of a great many volunteer generals, both
brigadier and division generals, and we are to
authorize the creation of a great many similar
officers in the regular Army. The Senator has
had a bill passed through the Senate, and it has
become a law, perhaps, allowing to each one of
these division generals one additional aid. Now,
each of these major generals is to have three aids,
to be taken from the line. The Senator insists
that it shall pass; and I suppose, &s we are to pass
everything that comes from the Committee on
Military Affairs, it is destined to pass and become
a law. He has given also to each brigadier gen-
eral, both of the volunteers and of the regular line,
two aids. Now, what 1 want to get at is this:
how many aids is the Senator going to take from
the regular line of the Army, from their legitimate
duties, and give to these brigadier and division
generals? And when he takes them away, how
is he going to have his regular line officered? I
wish to know whether the Senator has given any
reflection to that aspect of the case ?
Mr. WILSON. The bill to which the Sena-
tor from Iowa refers has not been acted upon. It
is before us.
Mr. GRIMES. It has been reported from your
committee.
Mr. WILSON. Ithas been reported from our
committee. It is before the Senate; and when it
is called up, I know the Senator from Iowa will
criticise it sharply, and he can certainly make
any motion he desires to make in regard to it. I
am sure it will bo criticised; for I believe if we
introduced the Lord's Prayer here, there would
bo n large number of amendments proposed to it.
[Laughter.] But, sir, in regard to this matter, I
will simply say, that we have authorized in this
bill the appointment of six major generals, and
they arc entitled to three aids each; and eighteen
brigadier generals, with two aids each. We give
these major and these brigadier generals the priv-
ilege of going to the line of the Army, or to the
line of the volunteers, or to both, to select their aids.
For the interest of the country and for the reputa-
iton of the officers, I think they should go to the line
of the Army; but they will probably go to both, and
have a portion of Army officers and a portion of
vohuiU'ei olHcets. i think we had better let the
bill stand as it is, pass it, and when the other bill
comes up, if the Senator thinks that a major gen-
eral in the lield ought not to have three aids, or a
brigadier general two, let him move an amend-
ment to carry out his views. I think if he were
a brigadier general, (and I am sure he would make
a very good one, certainly better than many who
are likely to be appointed,) he would like to have
about hmi two good aids, and to have men who
had devoted yenis of their lives to the study of
nuitters connected with the art of war.
The VICE PRES1 DENT. Does the Senator
from Iowa withdraw his amendment?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. l'OLK. When this bill was upon its pas-
sage before, I asked for the yeas and nays, which
was accorded by the Senate; and inasmuch as
some of the amendments that have been just now
adopted, especially the first one, have damaged
the bill a good deal, I ask for the yeas and nays
again.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken; resulted—-yeas 35, nays 4; as follows:
YEAH—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, TJingliam, Browning,
Oliuikller. O'laik, Oolkuner, Cowan, Dixon, Dooiittle, Few-
semlen, Foot, Foster, << i lines. Hale, llarian, [ [an is, Howe,
Jolmsun ot" Tennessee, Lane of Indiana, 1 jane of Kansas,
f.alhani, MfDouyatl, Mnrrill, Nesiaith, Pomcnoy, Itiee,
Sherman, Simmon*, Sumner,Ten Eyek, Thomson, Timn-
bti!!. Wade, and Wilson—o.i.
NAYS—Messis. Breckinridge, Johnson ot' Missouri,
Polk, and l'oweli—4.
So the bill was passed.
SENATOR FROM KANSAS.
Mr. FOOT. I hold in my hand what purports
to be the credentials of an executive appointment
by the Governor of Kansas of Hon. Frederick P.
Stanton as Senator upon this floor in the place of
Hon. Mr. Lane, now holding a scat here under
legislative election. I also hold and present a
memorial from Mr. Stanton,settingforth his claim
to the seat under this appointment. I present these
papers as a matter of courtesy, without expressing
any opinion upon the questions involved; and,
without reading, I move their reference to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will be so
referred, if there be no objection.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The papers presented
by the honorable Senator from Vermont look to
me a good deal like an attempt to bury a man
before he is dead. I desire to state, however,
for the information of the Senate and of the coun-
try, that, under an order from the Secretary of
War, I am now engaged , through my colonels,
m organizing a brigade in the State of Kansas.
A paper has been handed to me by the Secretary
of War, evidencing his purpose to appoint me a
brigadier general in the volunteerservice. When
the brigade that I design to command is full, I
shall consider the question of accepting a com-
mission from the General Government. I will
not, however, even consider the subject until the
question has been submitted to the brigade—to
the men whom it is proposed I shall command
—and they by their votes sanction the proposi-
tion; as I believe, with all due deference to the
opinion of Senators, that no volunteer corps can
be formed as a volunteer corps should be formed,
unless the officers that are placed over them have
their entire confidence, both as to their courage
and their skill. When, I say, the brigade is full,
and they have sanctioned the proposition of the
General Government, I will acccpt the command
of the Kansas brigade. When accepted, I will
carry out the known wishes of the people of
Kansas, and surrender the certificate by which I
hold a seat upon this floor; not to a Governor,
who is controlled alone by vindictive personal feel-
ings, but to the Legislature of my State, that with
great unanimity elected me to my position upon
this floor. I want the people of Kansas, through
their regularly elected representatives, to select
my successor. When that is done, I venture the
assertion that this Senate floor will have upon it
in my place, a man true to the Union, and true
to the cause of human freedom.
PAY or SENATOR DOUGLAS.
Mr. BROWNING. I ask leave to offer a res-
olutiftn, which I should like to have considered
now:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and is
hereby, requued to pay to the widow of the lato Stephen
A. Douglas, late a Senator of the United States, the amount
of compensation due to linn up to the time of his death,
being $1,834, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appiopriated.
Mr. HALE. I would suggest to the Senator
from Illinois that he strike out the sum, and let
it be computed by the Secretary, because the Sen-
ate will have to pass on it without knowing what
it is. Let the proper officers settle the amount.
Mr.McDOUGALL. I will state that the amount
named in the resolution is the amount of Mr.
Douglas's mileage and per diem up to the day of
his death, as computed in the office of the Secre-
tary of the Senate. The whole matter is taken
from the act of Congress, assuming mileage to
be due.
Mr. HALE. I would suggestthat this should
be done according to precedent, by joint resolu-
tion.
Mr. McDOUGALL. This is a joint resolu-
tion.
Mr. HALE. I am not opposed to it at all; but
I want it done in the usual form. I think, how-
over, the sum had hotter he stricken out, and let
it be computed by the proper officer.
Mr. BROWNIN.G, I will state that I have
no personal knowledge at all of the amount due,
or of the basis on which to compute the amount.
The friends of Senator Douglas took the pains to
go to the Secretary of the Senate and have the
amount computed, prepared the resolution, and
requested me to present it for the consideration
of the Senate, which I did with a great deal of
pleasure; and I shall be very glad to see a reso-
lution passed authorizing whatever amount is due
to be paid to the widow of the deceased Senator.
1 have no personal knowledge of the amount that
is due; and as the resolution was prepared by his
friends, and placed in my hands with a request
that I should offer it, 1 cannot consent that the
amount be stricken out; but I shall submit to any
order that the Senate choose to take.
Mr. HALE. Of course, I am not opposed to
the resolution. I am in favor of it; but I want
