86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
of that corps, in the Army, infinitely better than
the men that are left in the corps. We have se-
lected some of the most eminent men of that corps
and placed them in the line of the Army. You
have made Captain Meigs, (a man of great ability
—at any rate of great executive talent,) Quarter-
master General; you have taken out Foster; you
have taken out Franklin; and you have taken out
other officers.
This amendment was taken from the bill re-
ported last year. The Secretary of War is anx-
ious that it should be adopted. He says that the
good of that institution absolutely demands it.
But if Senators do not desire this change, if they
will move to amend it so as to confine it to the
three scientific corps, the topographical corps, the
ordinance corps, and the engineer corps, I will not
object to that. I do not believe, however, with
the Senator, because a man is from a scientific
corps, that therefore he is the best fitted to pre-
side over that institution. There is something
besides science, something besides fortifications,
something besides brick and mortar, necessary in
thogovernmentof thatinstitution. There is some-
thing required in regard to the government and
control of men; and I believe the history of this
country will show that the men having command
of this corps have not been the most distinguished
men in the field in handling men.
I hope, sir, that tins amendment will not be
voted down. I believe that the good of that in-
stitution to-day demands this change. I do not
entertain the shadow of a doubt about it. 1 know
that it is recommended by the Secretary of War,
and that it is in accordance with a recommenda-
tion of a committee of our own appointment, a
committee on which the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Foot,] Mr. JJavis, of Maryland, ami other
gentlemen, sat; but it't lie Sena tor desires an amend-
ment to confine it to the three scientific corps, I
^vill not object to it. I hope, however, that tile
amendment itself will not bo voted down.
Mr. If ALU. Hetore the vote is taken oil the
motion to strike out, 1 desire to ofi'er un amend-
ment to the amendment of the committee. It is,
in lines ten and eleven of the amendment, to strike,
out the following words: "a graduate of the Uni-
ted States Military Academy;" so that it will
read ;
the nuporintemlent or the Military Academy shall he
nn Ollk'cr of the Army distinguished lor liii,t,oKmlilie attain-
ments, &.e.
Now, sir, I put it to the Senate if it is fair, if
there is an officer distinguished for his scientific
attainments and fit to lie appointed to that post,
that it should be an eternal bar to hull that he did
notgruduade at the Military Academy at West
Point? The probability is that in most eases they
would take the graduates of that Academy; but
1 think it would be an unjust discrimination to
say tii everybody else that goes into the Army:
"No matter how well qualified you may be; no
matter how distinguished in arms or science; no
matter how eminent in all the attainments of a
scientific officer and soldier and gentleman, you
shall be eternally under the ban', and that shall
be a closed portal to you forever, because you
had not the good fortune to be a graduate of the
Military Academy at West Point."
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to say one or two
words in reply to the suggestions made by the
Senator from Massachusetts. He insists tluit we
should adopt this amendment because the Secre-
tary of War wants it. Now, sir, I am willing to
gratify the Secretary of War in everything that
is reasonable. I am disposed to give him all the
money and means liecessai y to prosecute the war
that the country is carrying on efficiently and ac-
tively; but I must be permitted to exercise my
own judgment in regard to this matter, especially
when I am fortified by the experience of the last
sixty years, that my judgment is light on the
subject; and fortified also by the testimony of
some of those very commissioners to whom the
Senator from Massachusetts alludes as having
been sent by the (Senate and House ofRepresent-
atives to West Point, a year ago this summer, to
investigate this very subject, "it is true that we
appointed a commission, composed of two mem-
bers of the Senate, two membeis of the House of
Representatives, and two officers of the Army, to
examine into this question, among others, and to
report to the two Houses of Congress as to what
should be the term of service at West Point; and I
they assumed the responsibility, and took upon
themselves the right to instruct us upon that sub-
ject. But it is also true that that commission was
not unanimous upon that subject; for I have seen
a letter from Major Robert Anderson, now Col-
onel or General Anderson—I abuse no confi-
dence when I say this—written to a gentleman in
this city, in which hc stated that he refused to
sign the reportof that committee, (and if you ex-
amine it you will find that his name is not ap-
pended to jt,) for the very reason that this amend-
ment was suggested; ana yet, if it were adopted,
it would open the superintendency of the Mili-
tary Academy to him, and the corps of which he
was a member. I would not object so much to
the amendment, which the Senator himself says
he would agree to, namely: to open the superin-
tendency to the three scientific corps of the Army,
to the two engineer corps, and to the ordnance
corps; but I do insist that we shall confine it to
those three, if we do not confine it to the engi-
neer corps, where it has hitherto been.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, I feel rather called
upon to correct the misapprehension or the mis-
information under which the Senator from Iowa
seem" to be laboring in this matter, as far as re-
lates to the actions and opinions of Colonel An-
derson. Colonel Anderson was a member of that
commission; from the commencement to the close
of its session, participated in all the discussions
and all the action of that commission upon the
•various questions before us, both in reference to the
organization of the institution, in reference to the
programme of the studies of the institution, and
the system of discipline; and upon this question
of opening the whole Army, alltlie corps, for the
selection ofthe superintendent of thatinstitution,
Major Anderson was one of the most earnest ad-
vocates for that proposition. He himself, as is
well known, belonged to the corps of artillery;
and among other arguments adduced by him, and
1 recollect it very distinctly—1 am not mistaken
relative to t-he facts of which 1 speak—was this:
thatn jealousy prevailed in the Army among other
corps at the exclusiveness, the discrimination, in
confining the selection to the corps of engineers,
even excluding the corps of topographical en-
gineers, embracing, as is known to the country,
some of the most scicntific men m the Army of
any corps.
1 will only add that, upon thisquestion, the com-
mission—embracing two members of this body,
two members of the House of Representatives,
and two officers ofthe Army, Captain Humphreys
and Major Anderson—were unanimous. The
reasons that were satisfactory to me then in favor-
ing that proposition arc satisfactory to me still,
and 1 shall therefore give my vote in favor of this
amendment, opening the selection of a superin-
tendent of WestPomt Academy, with tha restric-
tion that he must be a graduate of the institution,
and distinguished for science.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I again repeat
that I have seen in the hands of an officer of the
Army a letter, dated at Fort Sumter last winter,
and signed by Major Robert Anderson, then in
command, in which he stated that for this reason
and for one other, he refused to sign the report.
1 think his name is not appended" to it. What
course Major Anderson may have pursued, or
whether he has changed his views or not, I can-
not say. I only state that I have seen the letter
in the hands of an officer of the Army.
Mr. FOOT. Major Ande rson's name is not
signed to the report, it is true. Major Anderson
was at Fort Sumter when the report was signed,
and not present to put lus name to it. I cannot
make an issue with the honorable Senator about
the paper he has seen under the handwriting or
signature of Major Anderson. 1 know the fact
that Ma]or Andeison advocated this very propo-
sition to open the Army for the selection of a
superintendent of the West Point Academy, and
had more influence m controlling my judgment
and my vote upon it than any other member of
that commission.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment offered by the Senator from New
Hampshiie to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. HALE. Let us have the yeas and nays
upon that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ilALE. Now, Mr. President, while I am
up, as 1 have uffeied this amendment, I will say
a single word in regard to it, as I am told by some
Senators that they did not hear my explanation
before. The amendment, as it now stands, re-
quires that the superintendent of that Academy
shall be a graduate of West Point. No matter
how well qualified he is, no matter how scientific
he is, no matter if he is the best qualified man in
the United States, if he has not had the good for-
tune to receive an education at the public expense
at that Academy, he is to be forever and eternally
debarred from being superintendent there. This
is an odious distinction, which I hope will not be
sanctioned by the Senate. My motion is to strike
out this qualification.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, Cowan, Dooifttle,
Hale, Harlan, Johnson of Missouii, King, Lane of Indi-
ana, Simmons, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wil-
mot—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bright, Browning, Clark, Col-
lamer, Dixon, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Giimes, Harris,
Howe, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane of Kansas.,
Latham, McDougall, Morrill, Polk, Pomeroy, Powell, Rice,
Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Thomson, and Wilson—27.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Iowa moves
to strike out the whole of this amendment. If the
Senator will withdraw that proposition, I will
move to amend it so that it shall include the en-
gineer, topographical engineer, ordnance, and ar-
tillery corps, comprising the four scientific corps.
Mr. .GRIMES. I withdraw my motion so as
to have the amendment perfected in that way.
Mr. WILSON, Then I move that amend-
ment: to insert, after the word " officer," the
words " of the engineer, topographical engineer,
oi dnancc, or artillery corps;" so tliatit will read:
The superintendent of the Military Academy shall be an
officer Of the engineci, topographical engineer, mdn.inee,
01 auillery coips of the Anny, a giadu.ite of the United
Slates Military Academy, and distinguished for lus scien-
tific attainments, &c.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
recurs on the amendment of the committee, as
amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was, to
add at the end of section six the following:
Anil that there shall be added to the corps of topograph-
ical engineers, by regular pinmotlon ot its present oiheers,
one lieutenant colonel and two majors: Provided, That all
vacancies created by such promotions shall be filled by
graduates of the Military Academy, recommended for sucli
promotion by the academic board of said institution.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, this corps of
the Army is of great importance. There are too
few of them. I think they ought to be increased,
and increased to a larger number than is pro-
posed. The persons connected with the corps
have asked to have a brigadier general; they
asked to have several officers, and to have their
force increased, and increased to a considerable
extent. I thought the Senate would not sustain
it; find on consultation with SGver&l members of
that corps, with a committee connected with it,
we agreed on this proposition, which is a very
small one, indeed. I will say in regard to this
corps and the engineer corps, that, in my judg-
ment, they ought to be meigcd together, and
ought to be increased, and largely increased. The
service is now suffering for the want of men of
this class. I think, sir, that if we had had one
of these gentlemen connected with General Pierce
at Bethel, or with General Schenck at Vienna,
the results would have been very different than
they were. I have no doubt on that point. We
have too few engineers. We ought this day to
have added to the engineer corps of the country 
we need them in the field, and especially with'the
volunteers we now have,—at least one hundred
officers, and the country is suffering for the want
of them. 13
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, the diffi-
culty with my friend's argument on this subject
is, that it does not accomplish what he wishes.
This increases the corps by only three, and they
at the head of it—a lieutenant colonel and two
majors. It is nothing but a contrivance to give
additional rank to some officers. Of course we
must supply their places by three more. I hava
