1861,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
not examined the matter much, but the inclina-
tion of my mind is, that, as regards the inferior
grades for active service in the field, it might be
well to increase these corps, but not to increase
the higher grades. That would amount to noth-
ing. Those gentlemen of the very high grades
of this corps ao not render the service, in point
of fact, in the field, that we want from officers of
this description. We want, if we want anything,
men actually in the field, and we would not get
them by this provision. The corps, as it at pres-
ent stands, is well enough organized. It has a
colonel, a lieutenant colonel, and a major; and I
suppose there is an unlimited power to confer
brevets for distinguished services, or for length
of years, which is all that is necessary. Now,
then, if the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts and the Committee on Military Affairs will
show me, as perhaps they can—the opinion of
my friend goes a great way with me—that the
number of these officers in the inferior grades for
the purpose of actual service in the field ought to
be increased, 1 will vote for it with pleasure; but
I do object entirely to seizing this opportunity,
in the present state of excitement iu the country
with regard to the present difficulties, to swell the
upper ranks of the Army by changing this corps,
and making an additional number of generals,
colonels, &c., &c., who really are not wanted.
The corps is just as well commanded by a colonel
as by a general, in my judgment, and perhaps
better.
This looks to me very much like a seizing of
the opportunity on the part of these gentlemen,
for whom I have the highest respect to increase
their own rank. I believe we want more scien-
tific men, and they can be found in the ranks of
the Army among our topographical engineers, in
the ordnance corps, and perhaps in the artillery.
Make them if we want them; put them into ser-
vice, young, active men; but do not endeavor to
accomplish it by beginning at the top with those
who are more ready to retire from service than
to render service. I therefore really am opposed
to this provision, as I am to the other provisions
with regard to increasing the rank of other officers
of this corps. 1 believe it has worked well as it
is; and I think we had better leave them under
the command of colonels.
Mr. FOSTER. I agree with the Senator from
Maine in what he says about increasing at the
head of the corps; but if we increase, as, by pass-
ing over the fifth section, it seems to me we assent
to increasing 
Mr. FESSENDEN. We are now only acting
on the amendments of the committee. We shall
come back to the sections again.
Mr. FOSTER. If it is understood that there
is to be the same equality between the corps of
engineers and topographical engineers, I have
nothing to say; but if it is understood that we
arc to make a change in the corps of engineers we
ought to make some relative change in the topo-
grapical engineers, or otherwise we shall create a
jealousy which will be very injurious to the two
arms of the service.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My understanding is that
we arc now merely acting on the amendments of
the committee, and when they are disposed of wo
shall go back to the beginning of the bill and con-
sider its provisions, if that is so, there is no dif-
ficulty.
Mr. FOSTER. Then I will waive anything I
have to say on the subject.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the committpe was, in
section ten, lines five, six, and seven, to strike out
the words, " the pay and allowances of a chap-
lain shall be those of a captain of cavalry;" so
that the section will read:
Sec. 10. Jind be it farther enacted, That one chaplain
shall be allowed to each legiment of the Army, to he se-
lected and appointed as the President may dnect: Pro-
vided, That none but regularly ordained minister of some
Christian denomination shall be eligible to selection or ap-
pointment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was, to
strike out section seventeen, after the enacting
clause, in the following words:
" That the Cuimuiasaiy General of Subsistence be, and he
is hereby, authorized, under such regulations as the Sec-
retary ot War may piescube, to vary the articles of sub-
sistence whenever circumstances may render it advisable,
by substituting fresh meats of any kind for salt meats; and
also potatoes, or other fresh or desiccated vegetables, for
thos*i now constituting the regular ration: Provided, That
the cost of the ration shall not be increased by such sub-
stitution."
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That ttoe Army ration shall be incieased as follows,viz:
twenty-two ounces of broad or flour, or one pound of hard
bread, instead of the present issue; fiesh beef shall be
issued as often as the commanding officer of any detach-
ment onegiment&hall require it, when practicable, in place
of salt meat; beans and rice shall be issued in the same
ration m the proportions now provided by the regulation;
and one pound of potatoes per man shall be issued at least
three times a week, if practicable; and when these articles
cannot be issued in these proportions, an equivalent in
value shall bo issued in some other pioper food, and a ra-
tion of tea may be substituted for a ration of coffee, upon
the requisition of the proper officer.
Mr. HALE. I want to ask the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs if this will cause
an increase of the price of the ration? I am in
favor of the change; but is the price of the'ration
to be increased ?
Mr. WILSON. I will state the difference. The
Army ration now is, of soft bread, or fiour, eighteen
ounces. This amendment carries it up to twenty-
two ounces, being an increase of four ounces of
bread. Of hard bread, instead of three quarters
of a pound, this proposes to give a pound. There
is an increase there of a quarter of a pound, and
of course that much increase of the cost. In regard
to *neats,it does not increase the cost in any way;
but proposes to have more fresh and less salt
meat. The proper officers have the power to do
that now, but it is much easier to get barrels of
pork, and roll them out and divide them among
men, than it is to get fresh beef for them; and the
officers are apt to neglect their dudes in this re-
spect. The object ot the amendment is to have
less salt pork, and more fresh beef, while the price
will not be increased. Then the regulation now
provides that there-shall be so many pounds of
beans or rice. This amendment proposes to make
it beans and rice. In other words, it adds eight
pounds of rice a week to a company; a very small
matter in itself and of very little cost. The object
was to furnish a greater amount of vegetables to
the men for their own benefit. There is a call for
it generally among them. Then the bill proposes
that potatoes, where they can be obtained or when
it is practicable, shall be distributed among the
men three times a week. I am told, on exam-
ination, that this amendment will add about two
cents a day to the ration of the men of the Army;
but it is a vast improvement, and I believe it is
for the interest of the Army that it should pass.
It has been scanned, discussed, altered, and ex-
amined by a large number of gentlemen of the
Army, and also a large number of gentlemen con-
nected with the volunteer force; and I hope it will
be sustained by the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 hope the amendment will be
adopted; I am in favor of it, and I am going to
vote for it; but I want Senators to remember,
when I come to move, as I shall after a while,to
reconsider the vote upon the bill which passed
here to-day,fixing theNavy ration at twenty-five
cents, that we are now "faxing the Army ration at
thirty-two cents; and I want to bring the Navy
ration to correspond with the Army ration.
Mr. HALE. The Senator is a little mistaken
in point of fact about that. The Army ration is
fixed at thirty cents a day. The Navy ration is
not fixed by iaw at all, but it is done by regula-
tion of the Navy Department, and is fixed at
twenty-five cents. In the bill which we passed
this morning, and which underwentthe examina-
tion of the Naval Committee, we left that subject
without legislating upon it; so that the ration in
the Navy is left untouched, and subject to the
regulation of the Navy Department. We struck
out that part of it which fixed it at thirty cents.
That was stricken out on the report of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and upon the idea that,
in the present condition of the country, when we
are paying away so much money, it was not ex-
pedient. So that, although the thing substan-
tially is as the Senator from Iowa says, it is not,
in fact, so; because in the Navy the ration is not
fixed by iaw, but is subject to regulation; and we
refused this morning to put it at thirty cents. I
am in favor of this amendment, and think it ought
to be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendments
of the committee are now disposed of.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to strike out the
fourth section of the bill, and to insert what I
send to the Chair. I suppose there will be no
objection to striking out the section, even if the
Senate vote down what is proposed to be inserted.
I propose to-insert the following:
That there shall be added to the Ordnance department
of the United States Army, as now organized, one chief
of ordnance, with the tank, pay, emoluments, and allow-
ances of th« Quartermaster General of the Army, one col-
onel, and one lieutenant colonel, by regular promotions
from the officers of the ordnance corps, and six second lieu-
tenants, to be selected from the graduates of the United
States Military Academy, by transfer from the engineers, or
the topographical engineers, or the artillery.
Mr. KING. I call for a division of the motion
of the Senator from Massachusetts,
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not divisible.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
how we are to get at this section. I am in favor
of striking out, but not in favor of putting any-
thing in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If this amend-
ment is voted down, a motion to strike out the
section would be in order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the motion of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is not divisible, I sup-
pose we should vote against the whole of it, and
then move afterwards to strike out.
Mr. HALE. That would be the best way.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I have another amendment to
propose, adding several additional sections to the
bill. I hope this will not be opposed; for instead
of increasing the expenditures, itcuts them down.
The Secretary read the amendment, to add the
following additional sections to the bill:
 Sec. 19. Jind be it further enacted, That so much of the
sixth section of the act of August 23,1S42? as allows addi-
tional or double rations to generals or other officers com-
manding geographical departments or divisions, or to the
commandant of each permanent or fixed post garrisoned
with troops, be, and the ?amc is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 20. Jind be it further enacted, That officers having
brevet commissions shall not be entitled to any increase of
pay or emoluments because of the exerciso of command
according to their brevet rank.
Sec, 21. Jind be xt further enact cd, That officers entitled
to forage ibr horses* s>h«ill not be allowed to commute it, but
shall draw the allowance in kind for each horse actually
kept by them as authouzed by existing laws; and that all
forage, whether di awn fot public or private horses, shall be
regaided as public pioperty,and if'not consumed within the
month for which it was issued shall be returned to the
quaitermaster, and be taken up in his quarterly returns.
Sec. 22. Jind be U further enacted, That officers of the
Army, when absent, from then* appropriate duties for a
period exceeding six months, either with or without leave,
shall not receive the allowances authorized by the existing
law  for servants, forage, transportation of baggage, fuel
and quarter, either in kind or in commutation, nor shall
any allowance for servants or horses be hercaiter made,
either in kind or in commutation, unie&s such servants and
horses shall have beenmusteied and inspected at such times
and in such manner as the President may direct.
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That there shall be
appointed by the Secretary of War, on the recommendation
of the council of administration and the approval of the
commanding officer, as many sutlers as the exigencies of
the service may require, not to exceed one to each military
post.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to say to the
Senate that section twenty-one of these amend-
ments is a discrimination against officers in the
frontier service. It is known to members of the
Senate that upon the frontier there are several
months in the year when we are not called upon
to draw forage for our horses; but the pay is
commuted. It is known to Senators that the
commutation pay is a part of the pay of officers
of the regular Army; and I trust that this discrim-
ination will not be made against officers on the
frontier service. It is a harder service than any
other. I ask that a separate vote be taken on
section twenty-one. I should like to have the
opportunity of voting against it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not exactly under-
stand the objection raised. If that section makes
any unjust discrimination, of course I should be
opposed to it; but I really do not understand how
it operates in that way. If I understand the sec-
tion, it is simply a piovision that they shall re-
ceive just what they need, according to the horses
they keep for their use; and that all forage shall
be regarded as public property, and if not used
shall be returned. Why is that unjust in any
particular? -
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It is taking from us
an advantage we now have. The Quartermaster's
department docs not furnish us forage duringthe
grass season upon the prairie. Our horses feed
upon the prairie grass. I desire to say to the Sen 
