38
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBE.
July 12,
ator from Maine that ou? horses belong to the
officers, and are thereby more exposed to disease
than where the regular feed is furnished by the
United States Army; and while the commutation
pay is an advantage, their exposure to disease is
a corresponding disadvantage. For a few months
we have the prairie grass, and in lieu of the prairie
grass we draw the commutation pay. I am at
any time perfectly willing to vote to strike down^
every dollar of commutation pay from ajl the offi-
cers, and fix their salaries specifically; but it has
grown up now to be a part of the salaries of the
officers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see that it works
any inequality. Officers who happen to be sta-
tioned on the frontier are not stationed there
always. They happen to be there for the time.
** They are changed for others. Each one takes his
turn, perhaps, and therefore each one has his ad-
vantage or disadvantage, according to the place
„ where he is. Now, it strikes me that if an ad-
vantage is to be gained—if money is to be saved
by the fact that there is prairie grass about—it is
open to everybody, instead of that going into the
pockets of the officers, the Government should he
saved just so much. That is the reasonable in-
terpretation, I think, instead of its giving some
officers an advantage over others.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
striking out the section.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I want the yeas and
nays, if I can have them.
The yeas and nays wore not ordered.
The motion to strike out was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on agreeing to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to amend the
seventh section in the twelfth, thirteenth, and four-
teenth lines, by striking out these words:
"Ami that the Surgeon General of the Army shall lmvc
the same rank, pay, and emoluments as a colonel of cav-
alry."
I pflfcr this amendment in order to make the bill
in harmony with what our friends think in regard
to increasing pay.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. 1IALE. I move to strike out all of that
section after the fifth hue. The words to be
stricken out are:
There Khali also he added to the IVTcdieal department of
the Army, by legutar promotion, two assistant Mirgeon gen-
et ata, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of lieutenant
eoloneH of cavalry, who shall he inspector-* of military hos-
pitals; (he othcers so added to he appointed in the same
mannei, and to be, in all respects, on 11 <- same looting, ac-
cording to tank, as the ofllceia ol that corps now author-
ised by law."
I want to say a single word in relation to that,
and it will govern me in relation to some other
motions that I shall make. I do not deem (his
an appropriate time to make a permanent addi-
tion to the Army. If this were a mere war meas-
ure, with a provision that when the present emer-
gency was over these offices should cease, I would
go for the increase; but I think there is a taking
of undue advantage of the present state of affairs
to saddle the country with a great and permanent
increase of these several ollieos. I am opposed
to it. [ do not mean that the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts means to take any undue advantage.
Mr. WILSON. 1 shall not oppose this mo-
tion; but L will state that the Surgeon General, the
surgeons of the Army, all who arc interested and
connected with jt, have urged us, and furnished
statistics to sustain their opinion, have begged and
pleaded with us that we would increase their
force, and increase it largely. We have been be-
sought to add men with the rank of colonels, lieu-
tenant colonels, and majors, and assign them to
important offices. It was urged by this depart-
ment,and by the Adjutant General's department,
as a thing necessary, that there should be two
surgeons appointed for the purpose of inspecting
the hospitals of the country; two high officers
who should have power to examine the hospitals,
see that the men employed in that department
were managing these hospitals in the interests ot
the country and of humanity; and in reporting
this bill we gave them these two officers, who are
to act as inspectors. That is the whole of it. If
Senators do not desire it, I care nothing about
it; I am perfectly willing that it shall be stricken
out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask the
Senator from Massachusetts whether there is the
slightest difficulty in the world, if they want
hospitals inspected, in detailing one of the sur-
geons in the Army for that purpose, and direct-
ing him to make an examination and report.
What is the trouble?
Mr. WILSON. I apprehend there is no trou-
ble about it; but " what is everybody's business
is nobody's." The object is, to create these two
offices, and have them attend to that specially.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If they do not have it
attended to, they do not do their duty; they are
not fit for their offices. Is there any motion to
strike out?
Mr. HALE. All after the fifth line.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The words " the officers
so added to be appointed in the same manner, and
to be in all respects on the same footing, accord-
ing to rank, as the officers of that corps now au-
thorized by law," ougln to be left in. You have
Stricken out the clause succeeding. All you want
to strike out is, beginning with the fifth line, and
ending with the woid " hospitals," in the ninth
lino.
Mr. HALE. I agree to that modification.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out the fourth
section. This is the section which proposes to
increase by a very considerable amount the ord-
nance corps of the Army. I have simply to say
that these ordnance officers are ordinarily sta-
tioned at the arsenals and armories of the United
States; that the ordnance corps, as it is now or-
ganized, has hitherto been considered amply suf-
ficient for the purpose of taking charge of the
arsenals; and now, when we are bereft of at least
one half of them, and do not therefore need any
officers to supervise and direct and control them,
it seems to me that there is hardly any occasion
for increasing the corps.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the words proposed to be stricken out.
The Secretary read, as follows:
" Srco. 4. he il fmthcr enacted, That there shall be
added to the Ordnance department of the United States
Army, arf now oig.im/^d, one chief of ordnance, with the
rank, pay, emoluments, and allowances of the Quarter-
master General of tin; Ai my ; one colonel, one lieutenant
colonel, and mv second lieutenants ; the chief and the field
otfieers to be appointed by selection from the officer-* of the
oidnance eoips, and the second lieutenants from the giad-
nates of the United Smtes Military Academy, by transfer
fioni the en^iuueis, 01 the topogiaphical engmeeis, or the
artillery."
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to offer an amendment
to the eleventh section, to be inserted at the end
of the section:
And provided further, That any cadet who shall hereaf-
ter he icpoiled deficient, either in conduct or studie-., >hall
ho discharged liom the Aeademy,and shall not bo returned
or reappointed except upon the recommendation of the
academic board of the Academy.
Mr. President, I desire to say a word in respect
to this. I hope, by the adoption of this amend-
ment, to reach and to remedy, if possible, a very
great evil m this institution. It is well known
that it is a great privilege to a young man to pro-
cure an appointment as a cadet at West Point.
Ho ought to understand that he takes that ap-
pointment upon the condition that he shall meet
the requirements of the institution both in conduct
and m study; and if, upon deliberate examination,
he is found deficient in either respect, in conduct
or in attainments, he ought to be discharged, and
there ought to be no appeal from the decision of
the academic board. As it is now, we witness
almost daily applications of mothers and fathers
and influential friends to reinstate young men who
have been found deficient; and these applications
are too often successful. J, myself, know of in-
stances of the most gi oss character. There is now
at the institution a young man appointed from one
of the western States under these circumstances.
In J858 a young man was appointed a cadet
from a congressional district in a western State.
In 3859 he was found deficient, and discharged.
In 1859 the brother of that young man was ap-
pointed. Pie, too, was found deficient at the suc-
ceeding examination, and discharged. In 1860
the young man who had been appointed in 1858
was again appointed, and was found deficient;
and now the youn^ man who was appointed in
1859 is reappointed and sent back by the same
member of Congress. Thus we have the fact that
for four years two brothers, of the same family,
have been supported by the Governmental that in-
stitution, and the Government has derived no ben-
efit from them. It is time this thing was stopped.
It is- time there was an end of all this sort of fa-
voritism. It is time there was an end to all this
sort of political influence here at Washington to
retain incompetent young men in the institution.
I hope this amendment will be adopted; it will
prevent a very great evil.
Mr. HALE. I am in favor of it; but I am not
certain that it goes quite far enough. I can tell
the honorable Senator of a vastly worse case than
that which he has mentioned, and one that re-
ceived the sanction of a majority of this body
not a great while ago. I will call attention to it
again, for I do not want it to be forgotten by the
Senate or the country. There were a lot of young
men at that Academy long since I have been on this
floor, who, after being appointed there, were
found deficient and were dismissed, 1 think, be-
fore the expiration of the first year of their tune.
They were content with it, and stayed out of the
Academy four years. Just before their class grad-
uated they set to work a system of machinery that
is very influential in this city. A lot of ladies got
around Senators and created an influence here,
and these fair young men who were dismissed
the service, incompetent for it, were nominated
to the Army to rank their whole class that stayed
the whole four years, and this Senate confirmed
them.
Now, sir, I hope the Senator's amendment will
go so far as to reach such cases; that it will not
only prevent their being restored to their places,
but will prevent their being placed over the heads
of young men whom they were not found worthy
to associate with in the Academy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Read it again, and let us
see whether it covcrs the case.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator wants to
insert " or appointed to a place in the Army."
Several Senators. Oh, no !
Mr. HALE. Yes; I do. It ought to be so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The"Chair under-
stands the Senator from New Hampshire to move
that the amendment be amended by inserting the
words " or appointed to any place in the Army;
so as to make it read:
And provided further, That any cadet who shall here-
after he reported cielicieiit, either in conductor studies,
bhall be discharged fioni the Academy, and ^hall not be
returned or reappointed, or appointed to any place in the
Army, except upon the leeommeudauon of the academic
boaid of the Academy.
Mr. WILSON. I hope that amendment will
not prevail. I think it grossly unjust; I know iI
to be so. A young man may be turned out of
the Academy for perhaps a small fault; he may
devote his after life to study, toil, labor; but,
unless the men who turned him out recommend
him, he can never have a place in theArmy of the
United States. For that offense—an offense of
boyhood—he is to be branded all the rest of his
life. I will agree that he shall never be appointed
to outrank his class; that would be right; but
when you say that he shall not be appointed at
all, you are putting a brand upon the young man.
Why, sir, there is a young man in one of the regi-
ments from my own State, who was dismissed
from that institution for a boyish freak. He may
be appointed, and probably will be appointed, a
lieutenant colonel in a few days. He is the best
drill officer in the Massachusetts forces to-day—
a very accomplished man. I want to know why
that man should be branded forever, unless the
men who turned him out come forward and rec-
ommend him. There is a case of a young man
in New York, living up on the Hudson river, who
went to that institution—a man belonging to a
military race, a family that has served the coun-
try in the wars of the past. He was turned out
of that institution for no moral fault, and now he
is seeking admission into the Army, and has de-
voted his life to study, and is unquestionably,
intellectually and in culture, superior to many of
the graduates of that institution. I will agree that
a young man who has been turned out shall not
outrank his class; but I object to putting upon
him a brand of degradation forever.
Mr. HALE. I wish the Senator had remem-
bered the spirit of those remarks a few minutes ago.
Pie says that he knows some? of the finest fellows
almost on earth, some of the most accomplished
