90
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
this close corporation, that stands in the way of
all merit and all ambition in the* lower ranks of
the Army, so that they cannot rise to a higher
position.
I am opposed to it. For aught I know, it may
be a public necessity; but it is anomalous; it is
at war with all the just principles of this repub-
lican Government, and I wish it could bo entirely
done away with. But if we cannot do that, this.
. is certainly not the time when' it should be in-
creased and strengthened.
I hope the section will be stricken out. Let us
deliberate longer; let us take calmer time; let us
have an opportunity to investigate the causes
which have led so many men that have come out
of this institution to forget their duty and to en-
deavor to overturn the Government. Their edu-
cation must have been radically wrong. If their
morals had been well attended to, we should not
find them by hundreds proving themselves to be
utter traitors to the Government which educated
and supported them.
Mr. RICE. I wish to offer an amendment to
the amendment, if it is in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
state his amendment.
Mr. RICE. I propose, in the eleventh section,
to strike out all after the word " that,"in the first
line, down to the word "that.," in the sixth line.
That will reduce the number provided for in this
section, I think, somethino- like fifty-live.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
motion is in order. The Secretary will road the
words which the Senator from Minnesota pro-
poses to strike out.
The Acting Secretary read, as follows:
"The President oi'tlie United Slates lie, and lie is here-
by, authorized to till nay oxistintf vacancies lit llm United
Stall's iUiiiuny Academy fiom ennyressional dlstuets, lor
which no nominal ions me made bvRi'pu'seiitauve.sin C'on-
giess, by appointments liom tliuie du.Uic.-u>. or liom ' at
lar^'O,' and that
Mr. l''ESSENDEN. I do not exactly under-
stand that amendment.
Mr. RICE. I propose to strike out the clause
giving the President these additional appoint-
ments.
Mr. WILSON. The Senate will pardon mo
for saying a few words in explanation of this
section. The authorised force ofcadeis at West
Point is over two hundred and forty. Prom fifty-
five to sixty-five have left tile institution. Now,
this is a proposition authorizing the President to
fill up these vacancies, and to fill them up from
the congressional districts, if possible; and if it
be not possible to do that, then to iill them up
from the country at large. In oilier words, it is
n proposition to keep the institution full. The
board ol visitors tins year have recommended that
the number of cadets sluill be four hundred; which
will be an increase of more than one hundred and
filly. That would require an addition to the
buildings now occupied. 1 have consulted with
several gentlemen Connected with the institution,
with professors, with officeis of the engineer
corps, and with other persons connected with the
Army, and I have ascertained that we can add
the number of sixty-eight to the institution with-
out tmy increase ot expense for buildings or quar-
ters—the accommodations now there being ade-
epiate for that increased number; but if we go up
to four hundred, we shall have to spend several
thousand dollars in preparing buildings and quar-
ters. I did not know any other way—I tlunk
the committee, after consultation, did not see any
other way—by which these persons could be ap-
pointed, except by the Senators. I will say, for
myself, that I do not desire to have the appoint-
ment. Since this matter has been discussed here,
i iiave been run down with applicants who have
come to 1110 in poison, or have sent their letters
to ine, requesting my influence to get them into
the institution.
I am not particular about increasing the num-
ber this year, if Senators do not think it best;
but I certainly think we had better have the in-
stitution filled up, and keep it full; and when
cadets have withdrawn, if members of Congress
will not reappoint others, then I say that I think
we ought to authorize the President, either from
those districts or from "at large," to keep the"
institution full; for certainly wo need all the' edu-
cated military talent that we can have in the
country. I do not agree with the Senator from
Ohio, that we have too many men educated' at
this institution. That many of them have turned
traitors, no one can doubt; but many of the men
tvho were sent there from the South, from the
very States that have seceded from the Union, are
to-day fighting under the flag of the country. If
they had been educated entirely in their own sec-
tion of country, I do not believe those men to-day
would be following your flag. I believe, sir, that
their education at West Point, their association
there with men from other sections of the coun-
try, the ideas and sentiments imbibed there, have
strengthened those men in their devotion to the
flag of their country.
That many from a portion of the country have
betrayed the flag; that they have done so in a
manner that personally disgraces them; that they
have falsified, cheatcd, robbed, lied, the evidence
is before the country; and many of those men have
disgraced themselves so that forever the brand of
personal degradation, as well as of want of fidel-
ity to the country, must attach to them. It is not
so with all who have left. Some have left openly,
manfully; but many have done so in a most dis-
graceful manner.
Mr. RICE. The amendment which I have
proposed removes, to a great extent, the very evil
the Senator is complaining of. The increase of
cadets proposed in this bill is very great—over
one hundred. I propose to reduce that" number
some fifty-five. It will then leave one for each
Senator; and if the Senators find it so difficult to
choose from the number of persons who will ap-
ply to them, how much more difficult must the
President find it to choose from the thousands and
tens of thousands whoso names will be presented
to him ? I think that, in order to make the insti-
tution as perfect as possible, no cadet should be
appointed unless he is vouched for by some one
who knows him personally; and I think, to make
it as equitable as possible, the cadets should be
selected with some sort of system. I know very
well, if this is left to the President, how your
appointments will be made. The moment the bill
passes, the halls of the White House will be
crowded with the residents of this city and its
immediate vicinity, and they will be taken from
within a lew miles of here. 1 am opposed to giv-
ing him that power. I think it wrong. I think
it will prove an injury to the institution, and I
know it must create great dissatisfaction through-
out the country. Resides, I am opposed to giving
the appointments to any section that is not patri-
otic enough to^be represented upon this floor.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not sympathize very much
in the opposition of the Senator from Ohio to the
Military Academy; yet I shall vote to strike out
this section, for the reason that I do not think
the matter has been thoiouejily digested by the
committee that has reported it to tile considera-
tion ol the Senate. I am not very much disposed,
in the first place, to confer on the President of the
United States this additional patronage. If we
give it to him this year, it is going to be enjoyed
by that functionary for all succeeding years.
Then, in the next place, I do not wish to give to
the Senators, the representativesof the States, the
patronage that is to be bestowed by this section
of the bill. I do not think it exactly fair that the
State of Delaware, with one hundred and thirty
thousand people, should have the same repre-
sentation in the Military Academy with the State
of Illinois, with one million eight hundred thou-
sand people, which would be (so far as the sen-
atorial representation iroes, conferred by this bill)
granted to Delaware as well as to any otherState.
It seems to me that this section had better be
stricken out, and let the Committee on Military
Affairs treat this subject of West Point ill a bill
by itself, and not complicate the measure.
Mr. POOLITTLE. I suggest that this section,
which provides the way to get men into the Army
should be considered at the same time that we con-
sider the other bill which is pending before the
Senate, about getting men out of the A^my. They
ought to be considered together. The pressure
from below and the pressure from above ought to
be felt and considered all at the same time—the
retiring out and the educating in—and I hope the
Senator from Massachusetts will withdraw this
section, and put it on the other bill,
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will say, in response
to the remarks of the Senator from Iowa, that if
one of the objects of his motion to strike out the
eleventh section of the bill is to deprive Delaware
of an equal representation in the Military Acad-
emy with any other State, he has appreciated very
lightly what I presume was meant as a compli-
ment by the President to Delaware, when he said
in his message, that she was the only one of the
slaveholding States whose authorities had sent a
regiment in response to his call. If, however, the
gentleman wishes to make that distinction in view
of this very favorable notice that the President
has taken of Delaware, in his message, I cer-
tainly have no objection. We can educate our
own children.
Mr. GRIMES. I only used the case as an illus-
tration, to show that we should have represented
in the Military and Naval Academy, people and
not States.
Mr. NESMITH. I do not understand that
this section of the bill, as it now stands, confers
any patronage whatever on the President, except
in cases where members of Congress refuse to ex-
ercise it. I believe I am correct in that.
Mr. GRIMES. That covers the southern se-
ceded States.
Mr. NESMITH. It cannot go to the President
if the members return here. The power still re-
verts to them of making the appointments. The
President only exercises this patronage in the ab-
sence of the members of Congress, or during their
refusal to exercise it. Itis no increase of theMili-
tary Academy. If the power is vested in the
President of appointing that number at large to
which the seceded States would be entitled, it does
not increase the number. It is increased only by
allowing each Senator to appoint. That increases
each class some thirty-five or thirty-six.
Mr. WILSON. In accordance with the sug-
gestion of several Senators about me, I will move
to strike out the whole eleventh section of the
bill, with a view of making an effort to see if we
cannot improve the section at some subsequent
day in a bill by itself.
Mr. RICE. Iwithd raw my amendment.
Mr. WILSON. 1 move to strike out the sec-
tion for the purpose of taking up the whole ques-
tion in regard to the institution in another bill,
and seeing if we cannot agree upon some plan
upon which we can all unite.
Mr. LATHAM. I suggest that the honorable
Senator from New York make his amendment a
distinct section to the bill; because I think the
sooner we adopt the policy laid down by him in
his proposed amendment, the better for the insti-
tution as well as for the country. If you strike
out the whole of this section, of coursehis amend-
ment goes with it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Put it in some other
place.
Mr. LATHAM. I suggest to the honorable
Senator to put it as an additional section to the
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be in
order after this motion shall be disposed of.
Mr. HARRIS. If the body of the eleventh
section is stricken out, the amendment that I have
proposed would scarcely be appropriate in the
bill, as there would be no other provision in the
bill relating to the West Point Academy. It
would more properly belong to another bill which
should provide for the appointment of cadets.
Mr. WILSON. Let me say to the Senator
that he may make a separate section of it and put
it in the bill now, or let it go to the committee and
let us see what we can do with it. I think we can
bring it in in another bill in a few days.
Mr. HARRIS. I am sorry that the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs has made
the suggestion. My own belief is, that there is no
more appropriate place for the provision contained
in the eleventh section than where you find it,
and I am sorry to perceive so much opposition to
he provisions of this section. It has been said
by the Senator from Iowa that it is increasing,
enlarging the patronage of the President. That
suggestion has been very fully and I think prop-
erly met by the Senator from Oregon. It adds
nothing fo the patronage of the President; it
merely substitutes him to represent, in the ab-
sence of the southern members of Congress, the
districts which ar^ entitled to be represented at
the Military Academy. The provision of this
I section then merely adds to the number of cadets
at the Academy, two from each State. It seems to
me that this is necessary in order to supply the
vacancies in our Army created by resignations,
