94
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
No amendments having been ottered,
Mr. STEVENS moved that the committe?rise
and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House bills
Nos. 25 and 26, and had directed him to report
the same to the House without amendment, and
■with the recommendation that the bills do pass.
The two bills reported were severally ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, were accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the votes
by which the bills were passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
"VOLUNTEER BILL.
.Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move that the rules
bfe suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
.'the Union, for the purpose of considering House
J bills Nos. 27 and 28.
• ' The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawes m the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
House bill No. 28, to authorize the employment
of volunteers to aid in supporting and defending
the Government of the United States.
The biii was read at length.
The reading of the bill by paragraphs for amend-
ment was then commenced.
Mr. ALLEN moved to strike out the word
" three," in the fourteenth line, and insert in lieu
thereof the word "one."
The paragraph would then read :
That the President be, and ho is hereby, authorized to
accept Iho services ul' volunteers, either as cavah}, infan-
try, or artillery, in such numbers as ho may deem neces-
sity, not exceeding five bundled thousand men, for the
Iiurpose of repelling invasion, suppressing iiisiiricetion, en-
forcing the. laws, and pre-jervinj* and piolectiii;; the public
propurry; mid that the Mini oi $.r>l)O,0(K>,U00, or bo much
thereol art may he necessary, be, and tin; same is hereby, ap-
propriated out of any money in thcTieuMiiy not otheiwise
appropihited, to cany this act inlo ellcct: PrortiM, 'J'h.it
the mm vice of the volunteers shall he for such time as the
I'rcsuhuit may direct, not cxcccdms one ycai; and they shall
dinbumh d at the end of the war.
Mr. ALLEN. I am one of those in favor of a
vigorous prosecution of the war against the rebel
forces until the rebellion isputdown. If live hun-
dred thousand men are necessary to suppress the
rebellion, i will vole for that number. If more
men are necessary, I will vote for raising them,
and I have no doubt they can be obtained. But I
believe if the Government can succeed in estab-
lishing Us authority—of which I have no doubt—
it can do so in a less time than three years. It
may be claimed that by providing for a service of
three years we show a greater determination to
prosecufc the war vigorously and to the end; but
with the same propriety it may be claimed that
we, by providing for so long a period of service,
show a distrust in our ability to speedily compel
the disloyal States to acknowledge allegiance to
the General Government; which is the object of
this war, as 1 understand it.
If at the end of one year hostilities to the Gov-
ernment stii! exist, there will be sufficient of those
in service and out of service to fill the ranks of
the volunteer foice to tile extent that may be re-
quired. If at the end of one year the triumph of
the Government over rebellion is a doubtful ques-
tion, it may be that some change of policy may
be required at the hands of the "Government. At
least, before the close of the next session of Con-
gress such further legislation may be had as may
be deemed necessary, either by way of providing
for an additional volunteer force, or for a longer
term of enlistment, or, what is to be so much de-
sired,for the conclusion of an honoiable peace. I
am opposed at all tunes to delegating the people's
power for a longer time and to a greater extent
than may be necessary to accomplish the desired
object.
By shortening tin? term of service, volunteers
can be more readily obtained than they can when
the term may be protracted to three years. By
shortening the term to one year, you will get men i
into the service who would be entirely unwilling
to incur the uncertainty of obtaining good officers
and kind treatment for so long a period. In my
own district and State, I know many who would
have willingly volunteered forayear,and incurred
all the privations to which they might have been
subjected, who were unwilling, after having been
the victims of neglect and ill usage on the part of
our State officials as some of our three-months
soldiers were, to subject themselves to the haz-
ards of similar treatment for a term of three years.
If the term in this bill-is extended to three years,
it is most likely the War Department will put the
term to the highest limit. At least, if, under a dis-
cretionary power, volunteers arc received for one
year by the Department, it will be left to the dis-
cretion of the Department as to what regiments
shall be received for one year, thus leaving the
door open for that sort of favoritism, whichMs
sometimes carried on by all departments of Gov-
ernment. I trust the section may be modified as
1 have indicated.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio. The clause
ho proposes to modify provides that the Presi-
dent may, at his discretion, accept volunteersfor
any period not exceeding three years. All the
objects sought to be attained by fhe gentleman's
proposition are now provided for by the bill
itself. It directs that the President may, in his
discretion, accept the services of men for one year,
or for two years, or three years, but for not ex-
ceeding three years. All of them have to be dis-
banded at the end of the war. There is not the
least necessity for the amendment. The gentle-
man's object is already provided for by the clause
which the gentleman moves to amend.
Mr. COX. I should like to put a question to
the chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs.
I suppose that his committee must have had some
special reason for increasing the number of men
and the amount of money recommended and asked
for by the President in his message; and I think
that it is perhaps proper for the gentlemen to give
that reason to the 1 louse and to the country.
Why is it that the bill provides fur five hundred
thousand men and appropriates $500,000,000, in-
stead of $400,000,000 and four hundred thousand
men r
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Although not per-
tinent to the pending amendment, I will respond
to the interrogatory of the gentleman from Ohio.
The President asks forat, least four hundred thou-
sand men and $400,000,000. We have in this bill
proposed the meg and money which will cover
fully the wants of the Administration. The com-
mittee are and have been actuated by the desire
to do all that they can to strengthen the hands of
the Government, in order to put down this most
unrighteous rebellion. It was that desire that
operated with the committee.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move to strike
out the following words:
" And that the sum of $500,000,000, or so much thereof
as may be necessary, be, and the same is hereby, appropri-
ated out of any money in the 'i'rca^uiy not otherwise ap-
propriated, to carry this act into effect."
Mr. Chairman, I move the amendment because
bills have already passed this House making ap-
propriations for this specific purpose, and there-
fore the appropriation provided in this bill is now
unnecessary.
Mr. BURNETT. Before the question is put
upon the gentleman's amendment, I desire to
make an inquiry. I desire, as he has investigated
this subject, anu as 1 have had no opportunity to
do so, that lie will state whether the amount cov-
ered by the appropriations which have already
been passed, and those which, I take it, will be
passed hereafter, is absolutely required to main-
tain the army proposed to be raised for twelve
months?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not know
whether it would require that sum. I believe,
however, that it would not. The idea of the com-
mittee wus, that additional men and means might,
under some circumstances, be requited, and .we
were determined that the Administration should
not want either men or means in upholding the
Constitution and enforcing the laws. I cannot, at
this time, go into all the details of the matter.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Mr. Chairman, I have
given some attention to the President's message, •
and to the estimates of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. I find that the President recommends the
appropriation of §400,000,000 and the raising of
four hundred thousand men, and that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury estimates that amount as
necessary to cover the expenses of that number of
men. The estimate of $400,000,000, in other
words, is based upon raising and maintaining four
hundred thousand men in the field. I suppose that
the heads of Departments were advised upon the
subjects upon which they have communicated to
the House, and that §400,000,000 is all that is
needed or required in this connection for the pub-
lic service. I submit, therefore, to the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, whether it
is advisable to transcend the responsible recom-
mendations of the President and his ministers.
Congress will meet again in December, and then
we can provide for more money and more men, if
necessary.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, X
must give the same response to the gentleman
from Illinois that I have already given to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox.] I know that the
President has recommended the raising of four
hundred thousand men; and that the Secretary of
the Treasury has estimated §400,000,000, based
upon that number of men. I repeat again, that
it was the desire of the committee to provide not
only everything that was asked by the President,
but for every conceivable contingency. If during
the recess the Government should want additional
men and more money, then,under this bill, they
can be supplied. We have determined to do all
that we can to enable the Government speedily
and effectually to quell the insurrection now going
on against its authority.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I have examined the
estimates; and it occurs to me that they embrace
every expenditure that may be needed. The bill
would increase the public debt $100,000,000 more
than is recommended by the President. It may in
that regard be prejudicial to our credit. I submit,
therefore, whether it is not better to limit our-
selves to the recommendation of the Secretary of
War and the estimates of the Secretary of the
Treasury ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. If the gentleman
desires to test the sense of the House, let him
submitan amendment reducing the appropriation
$100,000,000.
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 move that amend-
ment, and hope that it will be adopted.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The amendment which
was offered by the gentleman from Missouri, and
which strikes out all this appropriation, has not
been voted upon by the committee; that ought to
be done before the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois is received.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment offered
by the gentleman from Illinois applies to a part
of the text which precedes thatwhich is proposed
to be stricken out by the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Missouri,and the Chair supposes that,
by unanimous consent at least, the gentleman
from Illinois would have the opportunity toper-
feet the text which precedes that part proposed to
be stricken o t by the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I think we would get
along better by not going back and offering
amendments to that part of the text which pre-
cedes that to which the gentleman from Missouri
applies, until after a vote is taken upon his amend-
ment.
Mr. McIvNIGHT. 1 desire to ask the gentle-
man from Illinois to allow me to modify his
amendment slightly. I prefer that the number
of men should be four hundred thousand, with a
provision that that number shall be kept up dur-
ing the war. T think the number should not be
below four hundred thousand.
Mr.McCLERNAND. Myamendmentisbased
upon the estimates of the Department, which will
cover every conceivable contingency. It is as-
suming, upon our part, to judge that the reports
ot the Secretary of War and of the Treasury aro
not correct. It would be deciding that they do
not understand what they are engaged in. I ask
a vote upon my amendment.
Mr.McKNIGHT. Iofferthefollowingamend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois: strike out " five hundred thousand " and
insert "four hundred thousand, at the first call,
