96
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12.
is necessary for that purpose; and men, too,' who
would not consent to southern subjugation. But,
understanding that this bill is not placed upon
that ground, we arc willing: to give all the men
the Government asks us for, and gentlemen can-
not say that more than that is necessary.
Mr. HICKMAN. Mr. Chairman, 1 am op-
nosed to reducing the number indicated in the
bill; not because I believe a less number would
not be sufficient for the work in hand, but be-
cause I prefer to err, if err I must, upon the safe
side,- I entertain the opinion now, and Uhave
long entertained it, that one hundred thousand
men will be entirely sufficient to accomplish the
restoration of the Constitution in the seceded
States; but the smaller the number of men em-
ployed, the greater will be the length of time ne-
cessary to accomplish the object in view. I do
not see, myself, that increasing the number of
men will necessarily increase the hazard of sub-
jugating the South. 1 do not myself know whether
it is contemplated to subjugate the South. I do
know, however, that it is fully contemplated to
force the South into submission. There can be
no loyalty without submission; and these men
are to be taught by a strong hand that they arc
to pay the same regard to the Constitution and
laws as commoner people are forced to render to
them. These men believe that they have a right
to declare themselves out of the pale of legitimate
Government whenever it shall suit their interests
to do so, or whenever it shall be in accordance
with the load of then passions to do so. We,
the people of the North, of the loyal States, and
all who act with the North, intend to educate
these men in a different doctrine; and if we shall
oventuaily be forced to bring them into subjec-
tion—abject subjection to the Constitution of the
United States—it will be their fault, and not ours.
Now, sir, an nimywill be needed upon the
southern coast. Every foot of the southern coast
will have' to be threatened; and perhaps e\ery
foot of the southern coast wj 11 eventually have to
be invaded. An army will have to be started
upon the nearest southern frontier heir, and it
will have to be marched until it shall meet the
army threatening the coast; and, perhaps, it will
be necessary—it is well for gentlemen from the
-southern States to consider whether it may not be
neceasaiy—to leave the tiaek of the chariot wheels
of war so deep on (lie southern soil t hat a century
may not obliterate it. 1 am not willing to stint
tin Government either in men or money, lam
determined, so far as my influence and my voice
and nty vote will go, to mak<- this war an effectual
one—uteirorto evil-doeis for .ill time to come;
fco that when the Constitution and Union shall be
reestablished, they shall have a pei man once which
shall satisfy all true lovers of hbetty.
Mr. CAM1MJELL. Mr. Chairman, I do not
entirely appreciate the sph it of the remaiks made
by my colleague, [Mr. Hickman,] who has just
occupied the door. I shall not talk in this Cham-
ber about the pioptiely or necessity of " forcing
the South into submission." I distinguish be-
tween the loxjul men th<- South and the heritors of
the South. 1 i e-io here for the putpose of .viymg
in my place that I know fhete aie in Missouri,
in western Virginia, in good old Kentucky, and
in eastern Tennessee, and elsewhere, as loyal men
use\er marched under the ilng of the country,
and men tiue to then* constitutional obligations.
Therefoie, sir, I talk not of subjugating these
men. I di,-.eliminate between them and the trai-
tors who are in rebellion against this Government,
i think it best here and every when:,*when we talk
of (IManning and ginnling traitors to powdei, we
shall at the same tun'- speak of the necessity of
placing arm.-, into the hands of the loyal men of
the South, and of maintaining the constitutional
lights of tin- South everywhere. Sir, this war is j
not commenced lor th" purpose of destroying the I
right* of all m'-p and ol tearing the Constitution |
mto irn ments; but tosuppoit the Government
and Constitution and the rights of all sections !
duimg tin. jrand stru^ie now going on m the |
eountiy. I wdl ^o as fai to support loyal citizens |
m Kentucky, in Mfssouti, in Virginia, in Ten- |
nissee.usl would to sustain the Union men of I
Pennsylvania or Ohio. They are our brothers j
wherever they are lound; and then1 is no differ- j
encc between the one and the other. These aie j
my sentiments. . j
Now, m order to do this, I will vote all the I.
money and all the men necessary to maintain the
Union and enforce the laws of the land. Sir, I do
not concede to the President, or the Secretary of
War, or the Secretary of the Treasury, or other
component parts of the Government, the exclu-
sive right to judge of the number of men and the
amount of money necessary in this groat contest.
We form a part of the Government. To the pa-
triotism, to the sound judgment and views of
Congress, the people will looK tou6hing the amount
of money, and the number of men required, as
much as to the wisdom and patriotism of the
Executive. We, too, are responsible, if in the con-
test it shall be found that the arm of the Executive
is shortened, because he has not money enough,
or men enough, to carry on this great work.
We do not propose that Congress shall assemble
every month or every sixty days to vote more
men or more money. I want to give the Exec-
utive all the power—even a superabundant power
—in this great crisis of the nation's fate; and then
I will hold him and his advisers strictly respons-
ible for the expenditure of money and the dis-
position of men. But, sir, we must not now err
in voting too small an amount of money or too
few troops. The very life of the nation is m peril.
The war must go on until antied rebellion shall
perish. Sir, 1 would arouse the nation to a de-
gree of revolutionary vigor which it has not yet
shown in this tremendous crisis. The fate of
free institutions, the fate of the lives of millions,
is hanging now by a single hair. The rebellion
is tremendous. The force in the hands of the in-
surgents is great. I will not under-estimate it.
I would arouse the nation now to that degree of
rcvolutionai y life, and to put forth those tremen-
dous energies necessai y to 1.1 ush out these traitors
the very first moment it can be done. Evei y wheie
1 would have our columns on the march. 1
would darken the'ocenn with our/leets, and cover
the land wrih our armies. I will not count the
cost or the number of men necessary to do the
work. If a million of men aie necessary, I will
vote them; for we know that the patriotic sons
of the soil aie able to sustain the shock, and bring
us out of the peril. Hut let us do it effectually,
and at once.
It has been said that England sympathizes, to
some extent, with this southern rebellion. Sir,
England dares not, and will not act in such a way
as to nnpeiil her own inteiests or her own safety
in this cusis. I am happy to say that she now
shows no disposition to do either; but in sixty
days we may run into further complications, and
the Executive may want double the number of
men provided for m this bill.
Let us, then, not make the mistake of giving the
Executive too few tioops.oi vote too small an
amount of money. 1 will, theicfore, give to this
bill, in its original text, myheariy (oneurrencc,
for J think it is wis<dy trained as it comes from
the hands of'the committee.
i\Ir. COX. Air. Chairman,both the gentlemen
who have last spoken on that side of the House
seem to agtee in opposing the amendment offered
b^ the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Clernaxd.]
1 intend to address my remarks tn reply to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania who fust spoke,
[Mi. Hickman.] Hut first I will say this, with
reference to the last remark made by the gentle-
man [Mr. Campbell] in regard to the conduct of
the British Government toward this nation. I
have a chronic distrust of Great Britain with icgard
to America. She has not forgotten her wounded
pnde, nor her spite against us yet. And though
we may not hear from her until the cotton crop
is needed, in October or November, we will hear
fioni her then; and when this Congress meets
at its next session in December, we can adopt
such measuies as may be necessaiy to vindicate
us with reference to foreign Governments.
Mr. Chan man, the debate has taken a peculiar
turn, and inelevant. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. McCu:h>:a>;d] has offered an amendment to :
reduce the number of men from live hundred
thousand to four hundred thousand. lie oilered i
that amendment so as to make the bill conform to >
the recommendation of the Executive: but so soon '
as he oileis it, gentlemen on the other side say, |
"Oh! we will not stint the Executive; we will
aive him and men money; we, on our side of the I
House, have conlid-nce m the Executive.'" Mr. !
Cliairmnn, I distrust always power wherever it is j
delegated. Its tendency is always to aggrandize I
itself. It is a part of our duty, as Representatives
of the people, to distrust the executive power. It
comes down, by tradition, from the English Par-
liament to this House of Representatives, that the
prerogatives of the King of the Executive shall
be checked, clinched, and held fast by the people,
speaking through the popular branch. It is our
duty here, not to follow blindly the recommend-
ations of the Executive. When gentlemen come
here and say they will, out of their abundant con-
fidence in the Executive, give one hundred thou-
sand men and §100,000,000 more than the Execu-
tive asks for; then I say, it is our duty, in vindi-
cating the rights and traditions of the popular
branch of the Legislature, to hold the Executive
to his recommendations; nay,more, to scrutinize
them with rigid criticism. When gentlemen on
the other side ask, whether we distrust the Ex-
ecutive, I answer, "certainly; we have a right to
distrust all power." A gentleman on the other
side oilered, the other day, a resolution of inquiry
as to the corruption already charged upon and
rumoredaboutthe Executive Departments. Why
was that committee raised? Why these rumors
in the newspapers? If we want to protect our
Government in its credit, m its ability to put down
insurrection, in its power to sustain itself firmly,-'
let the legislative department of the Government
do its whole duty. The Executive asks no more
than what is called for by my friend from lilt-,
nois. If more is needed when we meet again in
December, the patriotism of the country will re-
spond to all proper appeals from the Executive.
I will therefore vote to sustain this amendment.
I will vote what is required to enable the Execu-
tive to sustain the Government—not to subjugate
the South, but to vindicate the honor, dignity, and
power of the Government to which we are all
equally, and I hope warmly, attached.
Mr. MeCLEUNAND. I wish to inquire of
the gentleman from Ohio, whether the estimate
of $100,000,000 was not mafle upon details fur-
nished by the Administration?
Mr. COX. I understand that it is based upon
details and estimates made and sent here, as the
gentleman says, and therefore I am in favor of ap-
propriating the amounts which the Departments
have asked for, based upon specific estimates.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouii. I move that the
committee rise, for the purpose of going into the
House, and terminating the general debate upon
this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and paiticulaily the bill of
'the 1 louse No. 28, and had come to no resolution
theieon.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouii, moved to terminate
the general debate upon House bill No. 28, in
five minutes after the consideration of the same
shall be resinned in committee.
Mr. BU'RNETT. I move to amend the mo-
tion by extending the time to ten minutes.
The amendment was agreed to.
The motion, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
mto the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawes in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of House
bill No. 28, to authorize the employment of vol-
unteers to aid in supporting and defending the
Government of the United States.
Mr. NOBLE. I desire to offer an amendment
for the puipose ofeliciting some information upon
the subject.
The CHAIRMAN. No amendment is in order
at this time.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to thank the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania who first addressed the
committee, [Mr. Hickm vv,] when it was last sit-
ting, and also the gentleman from Pennsylvania
who followed him, [Mr. Campbell,] for their
veiy fiank and candid exposition of the views of
that aide of the House m reference to this war.
If there is any one trait of character which 1 ad-
mire in the gentleman from Pennsylvania who
