100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
of course must be prescribed for the contrql of
the Executive discretion. To make that rule
definite, comprehensive, and yet large enough not
to do mischief, is the thing to be desired by the
committee.
In order to be entitled to the command to which
the gentleman refers, if you apply the strict rule
of his amendment, you will exclude some of the
most efficient officers now in the service of the
United States; and in order to call the attention
of the gentleman more prominently to the point
which I make, I refer him to an instance brought
to the notice of the public within the last few
days, of a colonel in command of a portion of our
forces, who possesses abilities of a high order
certainly, if the accounts that come to us of him
through the newspapers are to be trusted. Yet by
the strict rule of this amendment he would be
excluded from his command.
I hope the House will take care to guard the
amendment of the gentleman from IMew York
properly, and that, so guarded and protected, it
will be adopted.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to. , • i
Theamendment,as amended, was thenrejected.
Mr. D1VEN. I now propose an amendment
-which I suppose will meet the fate of the other;
but I offer it for the consideration of the comcflit-
tee. I move to insert, after the word " eighteen,"
in line six, as follows:
To be sclectod from persons educated at the Military
Acuriemv at West Point, or t'rom poisons who served in
the Mexican war, or who have nerved not less than three
years in the regular Army.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. CURTIS. I move to amend, in the fifth
line, by striking out "eighteen," and inserting
" thirty;" so that the clause will read:
And a number of brigadier generals, not exceeding thirty.
Mr. Chairman, it seems to me that if we are to
have four or five hundred thousand troops culled
into service, it is absolutely necessary to have
more brigades. The great idea of a brigade in
the Army of the United States, is that it shall be
a body of troops, sufficiently limited, to be under
the supervision of one man. Now, if you divide
this immense force into eighteen brigades, you
make them so large that no one mail can supervise
a brigade at. all. According to the whole theory
of our military system of national warfare, a
brigade ought not to be larger than five regiments.
Under our system of organization, no one man
can supervise more than five regiments. If you
will adopt the 1'ritish system, and make a regiment
equal to one of our brigades, the colonel may then
command as the brigadier sienerals do in our
Army; but if you uie to adhere to our system,
eighteen brigndiergonerals is certainly too .small a
number. 1 hope, therefore, the House will adopt
my amend me lit, and increase the number to thirty.
I do not make the motion to increase the number
of officers, but to increase the efficiency of the
Army.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 would suggest to the
gentleman from Iowa that if more brigadier gen-
erals are necessary, they ean be authorized here-
after. Besides, the gentleman has seen enough
of the service to know that, in the formation of
brigades, itvi-ry often happens that it is necessary
to so organize the regiments as to give command
to a colonel who is as competent to lead a brigade
as a brigadicrgeneral.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. CURTIS. I move to amend the fifth sec-
tion, in the fifth line, by inserting after the word
"clothing," the words " when not furnished m
kind;" so that the clause will read:
Provided, That then allowance for clothing, when not
ilumshed in kind, Miall be ^'3 oO per montti.
The object of the amendment is to permit the
volunteers, if they see proper, to draw their
clothing from the Government supply. It was
lound, during the Mexican war, that the clothing
furnished by the Government was of betterquality
than the volunteers could supply through the
contracts they were able to make in different
places. I think they should have the same priv-
ilege now that the soldiers have in the regular
Army, of drawing their clothing through the
Quartermaster's department. I believe, although
the allowance of $3 50 per month is pretty liberal,
they would still get a better article and cheaper
than they can supply for the money.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend, by strik-
ing out the words " drum majors or," in the fol-
lowing section: „ ,
Sec. 7. Jlnite it further enacted, That the bands of the
regiments of infantry and'ot the iegimnnts of cavalry shall
be paid as follows: one fourth of each will receive the pay
and allowances of sergeants of engineer soldiers; one
fourth those of corporals of engineer soldiers : and the le-
maining half those of privates of engineer soldiers of the
first class; and the drum majors or leaders of the band shall
receive the same pay and emoluments as second lieuten-
ants of infantry.
Mr. CURTIS. T think there must be some
mistake in the section as its stands. The idea of
giving the drum major the pay of a second lieu-
tenant is rather stiff". Drum majors usually rank
as sergeants in the service. I think the amend
ment should be adopted.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I desire, with the
consent of the committee, to return to section six,
and move to insert, after the word " be," in the
second line, the words " or have been;" and in
the third line, after the word " be," the words'" or
have been." The section would then read:
Sec. 6. Jind be it further enacted, That any volunteer
who may be or liavo'hccn received into the service of the
United States undei this act, and who may be or have been
wounded or otherwise disabled in the service, shall be en-
titled to the benefits which have been or may be conferred
on pel sons disabled in the regular -service; and the lcsal
heirs ot such as die or may bo killed in service, m addi-
tion to all arrears ot pay and allowances, shall receive the
bum of $100.
There being no objection, the amendment was
received and adopted.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I call the attention
of the gentleman from Missouri to the retroac-
tive effect which las amendment should have also
upon the fifth section. I hud prepared an amend-
ment which 1 intended to offer at the end of the
ninth section, which, with the consent of the com-
mittee, I will have read, and, if adopted, will save
the necessity of separate action to correct the
phraseology in each instance. The amendment
I propose is as follows:
The provisions of tins section, arid ol the precedinc sec-
lions of thin nci, numbered five, si\, seven, and eight, a^
u> pay, pensions, bounty, and all oilier mattcus, shall be
extended to all inilitaiv Ibices miweicd into the serviecof
the United State*, under any pioelumation of the Pi evi-
dent, or by older ol the War Department, 'unce the 13th
day of Apul, JNjI, and all other beneficial les theiein named.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I offer the follow-
ing amendment, to come in at the end of the ninth
section:
The provisions of this and the preceding sections of this
act muuheied live, six, seven, and eight, as to pay, pension,
bountj, and all other mutter, shall be extended to the uiih-
taiy loiees mu-ueied into the mm vice of the United States
under the pioelumation of the Pi evident, or by order of the
Wui Dep.iitineni, since the Kith day of April, 18G1, and to
all the benetieiauex therein named.
Mr. COLFAX. I suggest to my colleague that
the language of the amendment would seem to
exclude those called out by the proclamation of
the President of the 15th of April.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. ItineUules all. The
13th of Apul is the day named. It is the date of
the bombardment of Fort Sumter.
Mr. NOHLE. I will ask one question. Is it
proposed to pay the three-months volunteers,
who may be discharged, the bounty provided in
this bill?
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I think that the
three-months volunteers who have been sworn
into the United States service are entitled to the
bounty. Iti* a small bounty, and I think that
this Government can afford to pay it to them.
Many of them afterwaids offered for a longer
term, and couid not be accepted.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, I think that it is
out of all reason that the three-months volunteers
should have a bounty of $100 on their discharge.
I ask that the amendment be again read.
The Clerk again read the amendment.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move to amend
the amendment by adding the following:
Provide-!, hovevcr, That the bounty of $100 provided in
the fifth section bhaii not be paid to the three-months
volunteers on then dischaige.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was then
adopted.
Mr. McCLERNAfrD. I move to amend the
ninth section, by adding the following:
ProvidedThat the brigadier general shall be authorized,
in his discretion, to appoint one chaplain to his brigade o£
the Roman Catholic faith, if there shall be no such chap-
lain attached to any legiment composing it; and said chap-
lain shall rank and rpceive the same pay as herein allowed
to the chaplain of a regiment.
Mr. Chairman, I will state, in explanation of
that amendment, that I received yesterday a pe-
tition from a meritorious officer—a colonel of a
regiment in Illinois—who served during the Mex-
ican war, asking Congress to make some provis-
ion for the appointment of a chaplain of the Ro-
man Catholic faith for each brigade where it
should so happen that none was attached to any
regiment of the brigade. The committee will un-
derstand that the amendment only vests in the
brigadier general the discretion to appoint such
chaplain when there shall be none attached to any
of the regiments under his command. We all
know that there are a great many Catholics in
almost every regiment now in service. Iofferthe
amendment, and I hope that it will be adopted.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to strike
out the words "Christian denomination" in the
seventh line, and, in lieu thereof, to insert "reli-
gious society." I do it, Mr. Chairman, because
there is a large body of men in this country, and
one growing continually, of the Hebrew faith,
whose rabbis and priests are men of great learn-
ing and unquestioned piety, and whose adherents
are as good citizens and as true patriots as any in
thecountry,butwhoare excluded by this section;
and because, also, under the Constitution of the
United States, Congress is forbidden to make any
law respecting the establishment of a State reli-
gion. While we are in one sense a Christian peo-
ple, and yet in another sense not the most Chris-
tian people in the world, this is yet nota u Chris-
lpcopli
tian Government," nor a Government which has
any connection with any one form of religion in
preference to any other form—I speak, of course,
m a political sense alone. For these reasons I move
the amendment. While confining it to religious
societies, it will yet leave the appointment open
to those at least who are of the Hebrew faith, and
who, by the terms of the bill, are unjustly, and
without constitutional warrant, excluded from it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to strike out the
words " captain of cavalry," and to insert " sec-
ond lieutenant of infantry."
Mr. Chairman, most of those who will be ap-
pointed chaplains to regiments will be young,
single men, and lean see no reason why they
should receive the pay of a captain of cavalry.
Their duties are light, and are not to be compared
to the onerous ones of a captain of cavalry. In
my judgment, the pay of a second lieutenant of
infantry will be abundantly sufficient, and for that
reason I have offered the amendment. I consider
that in the military service, as in all other ser-
vices, the laborer is worthy of his hire.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The chaplains in
the regular Army are paid at the same rate; they
receive the pay of a captain of cavalry; and the
chaplains attached to volunteer regiments, who
go out upon a sudden emergency, leaving their
Socks for the battle-field, ought to have the same
pay. I trust that the amendment will not be
adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the pay of a cap-
tain of cavalry,
Mr. GOX. One hundred and forty-five dollars
and fifty cents per month.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I move to amend the
amendment by making the pay of the chaplain
that of a captain of infantry.
Mr. BLAIR, ofMissoun. The chaplain is gen-
erally mounted, and he ought to have the pay of
a captain of cavalry. He has to keep ahorse.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment. The chaplains attached
to the regiments have onerous duties to discharge.
I know two instances in my own town of ministers
who have gone to the war, abandoning their con-
gregations, and going off with the Pennsylvania
regiments, to attend to the spiritual wants of the
soldiers. They were receiving from a thousand
to eighteen hundred dollars a year. Certainly, if
