1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
they are willing to yield up the comforts and lux-
uries of home to go out with our armies to the
hardships of the field, they oughtto have aproper
compensation. 1 hope my colleague's amendment
will be rejected.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. RIDDLE. I move to add these words:
And that there be paid to the three-months volunteers,
on their disclKtrge, the sum of fifty dollars each."
Mr. Chairman, it looks to me as invidious,
while we are making allowances of bounty to
others, t-hat the three-months volunteers, who
were the first to rush to the call of the country,
should be passed by sub silentio, or rather should
be excluded by name. It seems to me that they
are entitled to the consideration and favor of Con-
gress and to the gratitude of the Republic. They
did not stop to inquire what was to be their com-
pensation. The very echo of the President's call
for seventy-five thousand volunteers had not died
away over their native hills and valleys before they
were here for the protection of this capital. They
are peculiarly entitled to the bounty of the Gov-
ernment; and it seems to me that they should not
be forced to re£nlist, if they do not prefer to do so,
before they can draw this bounty. I hope the
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. CURTIS. The amendment should pro-
vide that they shall have the bounty if honorably
discharged. (
Mr. WOBJ-iE. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out fifty and inserting twenty.
Mr. RIDDLE. 1 accept that as a modification
of my amendment.
Mr. NOBLE. The word" bounty "should also
be inserted to make the amendment intelligible.
Mr. ALDRICH. It seems to me that it would
be better to provide for so much bounty a month
to be given to our volunteer soldiers—say ten,
twelve, or fifteen dollars per month. Many who
enlisted for the three months, and were afterwards
called upon to serve three years, and declined to
do so, were discharged, after being in the service
only a month or less. Such was the case in my
own State. Men rushed to the support of the
Government, leaving their families and their busi-
ness in such condition that they were compelled
to return home after the period of their enlist-
ment. It is better, I think, to provide for so much
bounty per month.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. RICHARDSON. In order that we may
get rid of this question, I move to add a soction
to the bill providing that them shall be given to
each volunteer who volunteered three months,
fifty dollars bounty to reenlist.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment would not be in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend the ninth
section, by adding thereto the following proviso:
Provided, however, That no soldier oi non-commissioned
officer shall be compelled to attend divine service with
their regiments, or otheiwheres, when bitch attendance is
in violation of any religious sciuples they may enteitam.
I offer this amendment for the reason that during
the short time I have been connected with the
regiment—only a few weeks—I have seen a sol-
dier, as good a soldier as any in the regiment, put
into the guard-house and disgraced, because, act-
ing in accordance with scruples which had been
taught him in infancy, whether rightfully or
wrongfully, he refused to attend divine service
conducted according to Protestant rights.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The following section being under consideration:
Sec. 11. Jlndbeit further enacted, That when ever a regi-
ment of volunteers shall bo mustered into the sferviee of the
United States,the colonel,lieutenant coloucl, majoi, adju-
tant. and quaitermastci thereof, shall each have the privi-
lege of flanking any Jettei fioni any poison belonging, m any
capacity, to such regiment, not weighing over two ounees:
Provided, That each letter, in addition to the propel dnec-
tionto the. person to whom it is addressed, shall bear on the
envelope the name and rank of the wntcr, whether ot the
line or -tatf or of the company, and designating, in each
case, the letter of the company, tne number of the regi-
ment) and the State, to which it belongs: Jlnd yroridid,
That the piovisions of this section shall apply to all regi-
ments of volunteeis now in the sei vice of the United States,
and shall also apply to sepaiate companies or corps, not
having a leaimentai organization, letters from any member
of which mav be franked by the commanding officer oi such
company oi corpx. under the regulations' above specified:
And provided furtkei, That any person found gurity of any
abuse or violation of the privileges of this section, shall for-
feit and pay a fine of twenty dollars for the first offense, and
foi a second offense he shall be liable to be tried by a eouit-
martial and subject to be cashiered or dismissed from the
service by the judgment thereof.
Mr. COLFAX moved to strike out the section,
and insert the following:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That all letters written by the
soldiers in the service ot the United States may be trans-
mitted through the mails without the prepayment of post-
age, under such regulations as the £ost Office Department
may prescribe; the postage thereon to be paid by the re-
cipient.
Mr. COLFAX. I agree entirely with the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and the desire of the
public generally, that the postal intercourse shall
be free and unrestricted between our soldiers in
camp and their friends at home; and I think per-
haps the plan I have suggested is preferable to
that suggested by the committee. They propose
to increase the free transmission of letters. 1 pro-
pose to relieve the soldiers from the restriction
compelling them to prepay the postage on their
letters. By the section of the bill under consid-
eration it is proposed that five officers in every
regiment shall have the privilege of franking let-
ters for the benefit of the regiment. There will
be called into the service five or six hundred
regiments, and there will be some five hundred
thousand soldiers to be provided for. That will
confer the franking privilege upon twenty-five
hundred or three thousand persons beyond those
now enjoying that privilege. Now, no postmas-
ter in tne country could tell whether letters bear-
ing a frank were rightly franked or not. And I
guaranty that not a man here from the free States
can tell who are the colonels, lieutenant colonels,
majors, adjutants, and quartermasters of the regi-
ments from their respective States, and upon
whom it is proposed to confer this privilege.
Again: we are looking all over the country to
find out where we can obtain the revenue for car-
rying on this war. We are taxing or about to tax
the necessaries of life for the purpose of sustain-
ing the Government in this struggle against rebel-
lion and treason. We are even proposing to levy
direct taxes upon the people of the country, and
yet in this bill wc pioposc to throw away a very
consideiable item of revenue,which might be saved
in the manner I have proposed, and yet relieve
the soldiers from the payment of postage, as it is
to be paid at the other end of the route, and there
is no friend, wife, or sister, who would be opposed
to paying three cents for a letter. But if per-
chance they might be poor—for that will be the
argument—there is not a town in the whole North
where men would not be found around the post
office who would not most gladly pay the postage
on a letter from the Army to any poor person who
is not able to pay it. In this way we can pre-
serve this revenue and avoid the extension of the
franking privilege. I do think this presents the
■most favorable way of avoiding the difficulty which
now exists, and which all concede to exist.
It is suggested to me that my section is defect-
ive, in that it does not show that the letter comes
from a soldier. The section says, " under such
regulations as the Post Office Department may pi e-
scribe." Now, they intend to prescube that these
soldiers'letters shall be stamped " soldiers' let-
ters," indicating the regiment and State. The
Department will prescribe the details.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I propose the following
as a substitute:
Be it cnactcd, That the colonel of every raiment
now orhoreaftei to be in the seivice ot the United States
shall appoint the chaplain of his regiment, and in ease there
be no chaplain, then anyothei person he may deem com-
petent, to act as postmaster for the regiment, xvho&cduty
it shall be, without receiving or being entitled to any com-
pensation theielbr, to frank with his name all letteis and
papeis not weighing over one ounce for all otliceis, musi-
cian*, or pnvates m said service. Ail letteis and papeis so
franked shall carried free of postage.
Src. 2. Jiad be itjurther enacted, Th.U any letter or pa-
per directed to any officei, musician, or pi ivate in said ser-
vice, addressed to the legiment to which such p-ison
belongs, shall becairied fiee oi postage in all mails or boxe<
put up to teceive letter- and papers to becairied to the post
offices oi mails of the United StUe*.
SEC.y. And he it fuiikei enacted, That all letters and
papers directed to anv otticer, musician, matine, or sailoi,
m the service of the United States, directed to the station
or ship wheie he may be seivmg, shall be earned free of
postage m all the mails and boxes put up lor the purpose
of receiving letters and papeis to bd carricd to thu post
offices and mads of the United Suites.
She. 4. And be it f urther cnacted, That the appointment
refeiied to in the first section of this act shall, b> said
postmastei, be filed in the office of theX>ostmasterGeneiAl.
I do not understand that the proposition of the
gentleman from Indiana is to confer any_privilege
upon the soldier in the service of tkeUnited States.
He simply proposes that his letters shall be car-
ried to his family and friends, and tjiat, $pontheir
reception there, they shall pay'the postage. - Is
the gentleman aware that in many cases he is
taking this tax out of the pocket"of the soldier
himself? Many of these men have letHfamiUe9
at home who are as little able to pay the postage
as themselves. This T understand to be no ad-
vantage or benefit. ' ■ * •
Now, the bill introduced by the Committee on
Military Affairs suggests that some three or four
officers, whose time is greatly occupied in the'djs-
charge of military duties, shall have the priyilege
of franking letters for the benefit of the soldiirs
of their respective regiments. The amendment
I have proposed allows the chaplains to, do this
work—men who have comparatively little to do.
Any man who has mingled at all with the camps,
knows that the chaplains already act as postmas-
ters for the different regiments, because they have
time to devote to the work; and we now propose
that the chaplains shall be deputed bylaw to have .
the power of franking soldiers' letters. We have
already increased the salaries of the chaplains by
this act which we propose to pass; and in the dis-
charge of thisduty, the fact that the chaplains are
deputed to do it is some guarantee that the priv-
ilege will not be abused. I supposed we intended
to grve some advantage to the soldier of the United
States; and the man who leaves his home for
eleven dollars a month, and subsists on such ra-
tions as are provided for him, is surely entitled
to some privilege at the hands of the Congress of
the United States.
But the gentleman from Indiana talks about
revenue, and about this privilege taking a large
amount from the revenue of the Post Office De-
partment. ' On the same ground you might as
well strike at their salary. You increase the sal-
ary of the chaplains by one vote, and in the next
we are fearful that the revenue of the Post Office
Department will be diminished by extending the
franking privilege to cover the correspondence of
the soldiers. We have done this thing before. In
the war with Mexico, when there was not, I ap-
prehend, the same reason to extend the benefits of
this system, we provided that the soldiers'friends
at home should not pay the postage, bccause then
a letter marked belonging to the Army," was
carried free to all soldiers belonging to the United
States. That has been the practice in other coun-
tries, and I propose not only that the soldier shall
send his letter free, but that his family at home
shall be allowed to communicate freely with the
soldier fighting the battles of the country. I do -
not suppose, that it will be in accordance with the
views of some gentlemen in the Government that
this thing shall be done'. They claim that there
has been an abuse of this franking privilege for a
few months past; but it has not been pretended
anywhere thatthere is any objection that the letters
of the soldiers shoukTbe carricd free._ Now, you
will not, by deifying the soldier this privilege, cor-
rect the abuse, for the soldier will have his letter
carried free, if he is within the reach of a mejnber
of Congress who has any sympathy in this jug-
gle in which we are engaged, or any feeling for
the soldier who is ready to throw himself into the
ditch or enter a brcach. You will not remove the
objection of which complaint has been made, be-
cause, by the proposition of the gentleman from
Indiana, you do not relieve the soldier from ex-
prnseataa. Many of thesesoldiers whogcteleven
•dollars a month send home a part of that amount
to feed the families whom they have left behind,
and you propose now to take a part of what they
send to their families and to devote it to the pay-
ment of postage on the letters which they send
them.
Mr. WRIGHT. I suggest to the gentleman
from New York that he include in hisamendment
teamsters.
Mr. COLFAX. I cannot make as patriotic a
speech as the gentleman from New York has done.
1 will oppose his amendment, however, in order
to say this: that the soldiers in the camps around
Washington city imve all enjoyed the benefits of
the franking privilege,and I am sure no gentleman
would object to that. But the Indiana troops and
troops from other States in western Virginia and
the troops in Missouri, who have covered them-
selves with glory, have not had the benefit of the
franking privilege, but have paid postage on their
