104
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
and take their seats according to the custom of
the Senate.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I should like to ask my
friend from Tennessee (for I esteem him such,
and always have) whether, if those scats were
vacant yesterday, the Senate of the United States
could have expelled those gentlemen, Mr.Mason
and Mv. Hunter? ' You regarded them as Sen-
ators yesterday, and expelled them. Now, I am
frank to say, that if Mr. Mason and Mr. Hunter
had appeared here yesterday, and claimed their
seats on the floor of the Senate of the United
States, and had attempted to take their seats, and
amotion had been made to exclude them from the
Senate, I would have voted for that motion, sim-
ply because they have been acting in hostility to
the Government of the United States. If they
had appeared here .yesterday, and claimed their
seats, I do not think the Senate should have ad-
'mitted them to seats on this floor, because they
had taken part with the State of Virginia against
the constitutional authorities of the United States.
That would have been ground for excluding them
from their seats. But the Senate of the United
Slates chose to treat them yesterday as members
of this body and expelled them, if, in the judgment
of this Senate, they were not members on yester-
day, where was the power to expel them? You
might have declared, as was proposed, that their
seats were vacant; and for that 1 voted; but you
chose to treat the seats not as\acant, but as filled,
and as filled by Mr. Hunter and Mr. Mason; and
you expelled them as members of this Senate.
Wow, Mr. President, if you turn to the cei tificatcs
of election presented by the gentlemen now alleged
to be Senators from Virginia, you will find that
the date is antecedent to the time when you cx-
Eelled the former Senators from this body. If it
e true that on yesterday morning Mr. Mason
and Mr. Hunter were members of this body, I
ask can you recognize any certificate of election
of the two gentlemen who now appear and claim
seats upon this door, when it appears upon the
face of those certificates that they were elected,
not to fill an existing vacancy, but elected, in fact,
before, according to your own judgment and ac-
cording to your own vote, any such vacancy ex-
isted?
It is upon this legal question, and this question
alone, that I base my objection to these gentle-
men being swoiu in, and advocate the reference
of the credentials to the Committee on the Judici-
ary. It is not from any desire to see Mr. Mason
and Mr. Hunter returned hero, because, if they
were to come here, or had come here yesterday
morning, I would not have voted for them to have
seats upon this floor; but it is, that the Senate of
the United States—of which, to be sure, I am one
of the youngestand one of the humblest members,
—should act in this matter according to the Con-
stitution, and (I say it without offense) preserve
the consistency of its own recoid.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
Mr. BAYARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to make a single suggestion >
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr* BAYARD. Mr. President, I do notpur-
pOtftrto argue this question now, I consider it a
very grave one, much graver on account of the
question involved in the recognition of the condi-
tion of things that exist in Virginia and the organ-
ization of a separate State government on the pai t
ofaportionof the State. That isagrave question,
in my judgment. Then there is the other objec-
tion, that the Senate, two days after this alleged
election took place, still treated the offices as held
by twoother gentlemen,and expelled them, which
admits that they were then membcis on the 11th
day of July. 1 ask, how an appointment could
be made to a vacancy before the expulsion of the
other Senators?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I think
that we should not " stick in the bat k" as to dates
here. I presume the Senator fiom Delawaie was
elected before the vacancy which he filled existed.
There is scarcely a Senator here that was not
elected in advance, before the office became vacant.
1 recollect well that the Senatois from Minnesota
were admitted to seats upon this floor who were
elected long before the State of Minnesota was a
member of the Union. Nearly every new State
which has come into the Union has elected her
Senators before the State was admitted.
.Now, let me put a case. A few years ago this j
country was engaged in a war with Mexico. Sup-
pose that one of the Senators from Delaware, in-
stead of being loyal and true to his country, had
turned traitor and joined the Mexican army and
fought against the United States, and the Legis-.
lature of Delaware had been in session, knowing
the fact that one of their Senators in this body
was fighting against this country in the armies of
its enemics:must the Legislature ofDelaware wait
till the Congress of the United States assembles,
and the Senate,by a formal resolution, expels that
Senator? Would not the Legislature of Delaware
proceed at once to elect a Seifator, and when Con-
gress did convene, and a resolution was offered
to expel the traitor to his country, would it be
said, because the State of Delaware acted before
Congress had convened and expelled the traitor,
that therefore the other election should go for
nothing, and that her Legislature must be con-
vened and a new election held?
Sir, the guilt and the turpitude of the men who
once sat as Senators here is far greater than it
wouldhave been in the ease I have supposed. They
havejoinedin a fratricidal war against their coun-
try. They have not joined a foreign enemy, but
they have undertaken to stir up a domestic war.
I do not think there is any necessity for their wait-
ing till the formal resolution of expulsion was
passed here. Why, sir, these credentials recite
the fact that the former Senators have withdrawn
and abdicated; and when the expulsion takes place,
it may well have reference to the time of their
withdrawal and abdication.
Now, sir, we have the credentials here fair on
their face. They purport to he the credentials
of Senators elected by the old Commonwealth of
Virginia, sent by a person puipoiting to be the
Governor of Vngima, and under the great seal
of the State. This appeals to be fair. But Sen-
ators suy, "Oh, well;but we know this is not the
Legislature of Virginia; there is another Legisla-
ture, and there isanotherman who isGovernor."
Well, if you arc going outside of these creden-
tials to rely on the knowledge which you have
of the condition of things in the State of Virginia,
then you know that the old Governor of Virginia
and the old Legislature aie in rebellion against
the country. They are rebels and traitors m
arms against the Government, and are not to be
recognized as the government of Virginia, but are
to be recognized as enemies and traitors, whom
the whole power of this Government is now put
forth to subdue and bring into obedience to the
Constitution and the laws; and 1 would to God
that the power was used to bring them to obedi-
ence.
Now, sir, as I said, I am not for "sticking in
the baik'5 about this matter. Let us take the
condition of things as it is. Here is the State of
Virginia m rebellion. If you are going outside
to inquire after the fact, you will ascertain that
a portion of the people of that State have risen m
at ins against the Government; another portion of
the people of that State are loyal to the Union;
and the loyai men of Virginia have elected a Le-
gislature and seek representation in the Congress
of the United Slates. They areentitled to repre-
sentation here, ami the enemies of the country
are not.
I think there is no necessity for referring this
matter to the committee, unless there are some
facts to be inquired into. On its face, this pur-
ports to be an election of Senators fiom the Com-
monwealth of Virginia. There is no objection
to the form of it, and I do not know that any fact
has been suggested by the Senator from Delaware
that is to be inquired into. What fact does he
propose to inquire into3 If he goes to his general
knowledge, is he not satisfied that what was the
old Legislature of Virginia and its former Gov-
ernor are now in rebellion against the Govern- '
mcnt? And will he recognize them as having any
authority to s-md Senators here? I presume not.
And if Virginia is in the Union, her loyal men and
not her traitors have a right to be represented here.
1 trust, sir, that the Senators will be sworn in.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, 1 do not mean
to debate this question at all, because it comcs ;
upon me quite by surprise; but I confess I did ]
not suppose it possible (though I saw in the pa- j
pers a telegraphic announcement of the appoint- j
ment of certain gentlemen by the members of :
what was called the Legislature of Virginia) that I
the Senate of the United States, especially with- I
out a reference to a committee, or an investiga-
tion, would, in the present state of affairs, admit
these gentlemen to seats. I know, however, that
the majority exists in this Senate; and, if it is the
determination of those to whom I stand opposed
to admit these gentlemen as representing the State
of Virginia, any struggle on my part would be
vain. But as regards the remark of the honor-
able Senator from Illinois, in which he chooses
to assume the utterly impossible supposition, of
any Senator from Delaware, while holding the
office of Senator from that State, committing trea-
son against his country, I will answer it. Even
if the fact occurred, the people of Delaware area
law-abiding people, and they would not seek to
put down rebellion or punish treason except by
law; and the Legislature of Delaware, the un-
doubted Legislature, if in session, if the fact were
communicated to it that one of its Senators had
abandoned the State, and gone into the southern
revolution, would know that the authority to act
upon that, previous to the expiration of his term,
was in the Senate of the United States. They
would not assume that the laws gave it to them.
Tim Constitution does not give it to them. The
power to dcclare the seat vacant in consequence
of the act of the party, is in this body. They
would require judicial evidence of his conviction
for treason in order to vacate his seat. They
would know that they had no authority to im-
peach him; the authority rests in the Senate of
the United States. Therefore, m the case sup-
posed, whatever may be the notions of law which
exist in the State of the honorable Senator from
Illinois, I answer him that, much as the State of
Delaware would disapprove of such conduct, no
Legislature of hers would so violate the Consti-
tution of the United States as to undertake to make
an election until the Senate of the United States
had vacated the seat. '
As regards the question of vacancy, the hon-
orable Senator cannot escape from the plain, pal-
pable distinction. Where has he ever known a
case, in the whole history of this Government,
where an election to a broken term was made by
a Legislature before the vacancy existed ? I un-
derstand very well that the Legislatures elect in
anticipation ofa term that is yet to be commenced.
That is familiar with all the States. In those
cases the Legislature elect antecedent to the com-
mencement of the term for the whole six years;
but under the construction of the Constitution
which has obtained, it must be the Legislature in
power last elected before the commencement of
the term. In no case that I have ever heard of
has the Legislature assumed a vacancy and un-
dertaken to fill it before it actually existed.
Now, sir, according to your own decision, on
the 11th day of this month these scats were full.
If you had not pleased to expel, if the vote had
failed for the want of two thirds, on what prin-'
ciple, regarding constitutional law, could you per-
mit an election made on the 9th of July to take
effect, and the persons elected to take possession
of these seats, even though it were done by the
legal Legislature of the State of Virginia? i put
a stronger case, even. Suppose that the State of
Virginia had not been among the revolting States,
and one of her Senators had gone to another State
and joined in the revolt of that State: I say ihat
the State of Virginia would not have undertaken
to usurp the powers that belong to Congress, in
reference to officers of the United States—the right
of impeachment in the House of Representatives,
the right of expulsion in the Senate. The Sena-
tor not being a State officer, they would not have
undet taken to declare that the act of the paity,
however guilty, vacated his seat, because they had
no jurisdiction to do so. There can be no doubt
about that, even supposing the Legislature to be
the unquestioned Legislature of the State. Until
Congress had acted, either by expulsion or im-
peachment, no Legislature of Virginia, if the term
had not expired, would have.undertaken the un-
constitutional act of appointing to his place, al-
though they might have passed a resolution of
censure. That is my view of it.
As to the other question,it is far graver,and I
am not prepared to go into it now. In my judg*=
ment, it is an utter abandonment of the whole
form of your Government; it is, by the action of
the Senate, recognizing insurrection in a State, for
the purpose of overthrowing the government of
the States by a very small minority of its people-
