106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
that position, orelse it should reconsider the pro-
ceedings of that day, and adopt a resolution de-
claring the seats vacant from the time the Senators*
withdrew.
One word further, if the gentleman will indulge
me, and I shall not detain the Senate longer. I
wish to be distinctly understood, that in taking
this position it has not been done from any sym-
pathy for the Senators from Virginia, myvith that
portion of Virginia who have assuiMjg|ptl secede
from the Union; because I believe^wrarllie Sen-
ator from California, that if there ever was a
damnable doctrine, and one which is leading to
the most dangerpus and alarming consequences in
this country, it is the doctrine of secession; and
I, like him, will give no vote here or elsewhere to
countenancc it under any circumstances. At the
same time, sir, I choose to make the "objection I
do, because I honestly believe that from the ac-
tion of the Senate, and by the judgment of the
Senate, they are estopped from saying that there
was a vacancy in their body from Virginia prior
to Thursday last.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. It seems that
the Senator and myself agree in the substance of
what we have stated to the Senate. 1 undeistand
him to admit the existence of the fact of a vacancy
in the Senate of the United States from Virginia
prior to the 11th of July, when the Senate passed
the resolution to which he refers. If that fact
exists, as it does, a mere reconsideration of the
resolution now would not affect U one way or the
other; for the passage of the resolution on the 11th
did not do away with the fact.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will my friend allow me
a moment? I said that the Senate, being the
judges of the election and qualification of their
own members, had the right to treat the seats of
the former Senators from Virginia as vacant from
the time they withdrew; and if they had so treated
it there would have been a vacancy.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Then the right
of the Senate to treat it as a vacancy must grow
out of the existence of the vacancy itself, which
proves conclusively that the vacancy existed, and
substantially commits the gentleman himself to
the existence of a vacancy. But the question is
• not whether the Senate proceeds on the idea of a
vacancy or not. A Senator, in tendering his resig-
nation, frequently tenders it to the Legislature.
It is not necessary to tender it to the Senate. U
is for the Legislature of the State to determine
that fact; and the Legislature of the Common-
wealth of Virginia now proceed upon the exist-
ence of the fact. On the 9th day of July they as-
sumed that vacancies existed m the Senate of the
United States, occasioned by the withdrawal and
abdication of R. M. T. Hunter and James M.
Mason from the Senate of the United Stales. Is
there a Senator upon this floor, ofauy party, who
does not admit the existence of that {act? it is
for the Legislature to determine. They have as-
sumed wh.it is true, that vacancies existed; and
assuming that to bo so,they have taken the reg-
ular steps, and have filled tho.se vacancies. They
have not been, as has been indicated here, elected
fpr.iegular terms; but the Legislature have pio-
ccfcflod to Oil vacancies which existed at the tune
of the election. That is the fact. If that factdid
not exist, the reconsideration of the resolution
adopted by this body would not bring it into ex-
istence; and the mere fact of the Senate passing
a resolution, does not do away with the existence
of the fact which the Legislature of the State of
Vngtnia assumed to exist. There can be no
question about that.
The case its clear in another pointof view. Ac-
cortimg to die. custom and usage of the Senate,
hero is pit ma facie evidence that an election has ■
taken place, which entitles the members elect to |
appearand bo qualified and take their seats; and
then, in the event that any contest arises, it is
competent for the Senate to lefer it to the Com- :
mittee on the Judiciary, or to any other commit-
tee, m its discretion, to ascertain all that may be
necessary ot the circumstances appertaining to •
the election. ;
I think, sir, there can be no question as to the i
existence of the fact of vacancies, and suiely there ,
can be none as to the powcrof the Legislature to '
fill the vacancies. That has been done. It is !
competent, under the Constitution, for each House |
constituting the Congress of the United States to ■
judge of the elections, returns, and qualifications ,1
of its members. That is a clear, general power;
and, according to the uniform construction of this
constitutional provision, it is our duty, upon the
presentation of these certificates, no contest being
made, to permit the Scnatois to be qualified and
take their seats as members of this body.
The Senator from Illinois has referred to some
cases that have heretofore occured. Let me refer
to some others. It is not long since Oregon was
admitted as a State. Do we not remember that
before her admission two gentleman presented
themselves here, were in the lobbies, were inside
of the Senate, contending for seats as Senators of
a State that was not then in the Union? If we
were to consti ue the Constitution very strictly, or
wanted to make an ad captandum argument, we
might say that an election of Senators which took
place prior to the admission of a State into the
Union was not valid under the Constitution of the
United States; but under the Constitution, the
Senate having the general power to judge of the
elections, returns, and qualifications of its mem-
bers, they were permitted to take scats, notwith-
standing they were elected prior to the admission
of the State into the Union. How was it with
the State of California1 Iler Senators were here
for weeks anxiously waiting, impatiently wait-
ing, for the Congress of the United States to ad-
mit CalifomiaasaState. The election took place;
they were here before the State was even m the
Union; yet, dealing with the case under the gen-
eral power of the Constitution, this body recog-
nized, and admitted to seats here, Senators who
had been elected prior to the admission of Cal-
ifornia into the Union.
Upon these piecrdcnts I might safely rely if
the cases were parallel; but they are not parallel.
I Is there the slightest resemblance between the
j eases? I am not questioning the power in the one
t case, while I am contending for it in the other,
i I am merely contending that these piecedcnts
are much stronger than the case now before the
Senate.
It seems to me that there is not much in what
"the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Saui.sbuiiy] said
as to the action of the Senate. The great fact
exists. The action of the Senate one wnv or the
other does not. do away with the fact. * There
wen4 vacancies here ftom the State of Virginia.
The Commonwealth of Virginia, the loyal poiv
tion of n acting under the Constitution and the
law, have procetded to fill those vacancies, and
have done it; and the gentlemen so elected not
only have the light to take their seats, but it is
the. constitutional duty of Ibis bodfr, upon the
presentation of this paper, regular in every par-
ticular, to admit them. This ought to be allowed
simply as a matter of right; and I think the Sen-
ate and the other branch of Congress, in cases of
this kind, should be inclined, even where there is
doubt, to put the most hbeial construction; and
to give their action the laigest maigin it is possi-
ble to give. Will the Umted States stand by and
see a loyal portion of a State, maintaining all the
authorities, pievented from having a lair and
equal participation in the Government, and to that
extent favor and toleiate and sanction open rebel-
lion and cncouiage insurrection in another peti-
tion of the same State? If there is a State gov-
ernment in existence as a part of this Confederacy,
and that State government has sent Senators here
with certificates made out in the usual and regu-
lar form, it is the duty of the Government to come
up to the relief of the State of Virginia, the loyal
portion of it, and take it by the hand, and sustain
it against rebels and tiaitorswho are Uyingto
overthrow it and to overturn the Government.
It is our duty, I repeat again, oui constitutional
duty, to sanction and sustain, as far as it is pos-
sible, the State government in making the great
move that she has made, which I conscientiously
believe will result m the overthrow of treachery
and treason to the people of the United States.
We should give them all the aid we can; we
should stand by the loyal men; w'e should give
th<-:m encouragement: we should develop the Union
sentiment, so that it may, if possible, arrest and
ciush out a set ot usurpers who have sprung up
in the land, and arc trying to ovenide and tread
beneath their feet the great majority of the people.
I say it is the duty of the Senate and the duty
of the House of Ilepresen tatives to stand by these
loyal men, to stand by Virginia as long as she is
loyal to the Constitution, to stand by The Union I
sentiment, to stand by that sentiment in the State
which is trying to sustain and will in the end sus-
tain the supremacy of the Constitution and the
laws. To refer the case to the committee without
a single fact being presented, without one single
reason beinggiven, when there is no real objection
made to these Senators taking their seats, strikes
me as verv singular. The form of the credentials is
regular; they come from an organized Legislature
loyal to the Government;the vacancies exist,"and
yet it is said these credentials must be referred.
The session is nearly at a close; it will come to a
close in a few days; and yet these gentlemen are
to be kept out of their seats by the proposed ref-
erence of the case. Is any reason given for it?
Is there any fact to be investigated? What is it
for but delay ? What is it for but to impede and
to embarrass the Union sentiment that is rising
and growing throughout the land? Whether it
is intended for that or not, that is the effect it is
calculated to have.
I trust and hope that the Senate will without
hesitancy permit the Senators to be qualified and
take their seats with their compeers in this body
to battle with us for the preservation and for the
existence of the Government, and against those
who are making war upon it, and in the end help
us to crush out a set of traitors who are attempting
to overthrow the Government and all that is sacreu
and dear to man.
Mr. COLLAMER. It seems, Mr. President,
thatobjections are taken to the reception, as mem-
bers of this body, of the gentlemen who have
presented their credentials. I think it will be
difficult to find a precedent in the history of this
body, by which men who presented papers prima
facie good were not allowed to take their seats. I
think the thing never did happen. They have
been sometimes deprived of those seats afterwards,
on investigation, but I have never known them
rejected at first. So much for precedent.
There are two'difficulties which arc suggested
in this case. First, it is said that this is a certifi-
cate coming from a new government of Virginia,
a new organization separated from the rest of the
State, but acting for the State as a State. This is
in the nature of a judicial proceeding; we arc now
judging of the qualification of our members. It
is not at all an uncommon thing in our highest
tribunals, that points arise in the investigation of
cases, where the courtare constrained to say " that
is a political question; with that the courts have
nothing to do.1' For instance : whether a foreign
Government recently commenced has become an
independent people, whether in court it is to be
treated and considered as a nation, is not a point
on which the court can decide. That is a political
question; and if the executive head of the Gov-
ernment has received mmistcis from that Power,
recognized it as a Power on earth, the courts can-
not go into the question whether he did it right
or did it wrong. It is a matter of political action
and the political power is what settles it, and we
cannot examine into it any more.
In analogy to that, in this judicial proceeding,
must we not be governed by the fact that the gov-
ernment of Virginia that has executed these pa-
peis, and sent them to us, is recognized by our
Executive ? They have called on him foi militia,
and have received militia from him. He recog-
nizes them as the government of Virginia. It is a
political question; 11 is settled. There is no occa-
sion for our inquiring further into ttiat. We, as
a judicial body, on this question, have nothing to
do with that. Here is the executive of that State,
recognized by the Executive of this Government:
there is the end eff that subject. Whether a course
of proceedings might be instituted among us to
call on our Executive to know whether he did
this rightfully or not, is altogether a different
affair. They are de facto the Government recog-
nized by us. We have no more to do with that.
The other point which gentlemen make is, that
these certificates, on the face of them, show that
this election was made before the resolution was
passed in this body expelling the Senators from
that State; and this the Senator from Delaware
insists amounts to an inconsistency m our action,
if we admit them. To my mind, it-does not.
^The substance of that resolution, and the un-
disguised tiue character of it, when it is fairly
examined and reduced to plain and unqualified
English, is, that we have declared those Senators
guilty of treason. That is the amount of it. They
