1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
have adhered to the enemies of the United States;
they have withdrawn themselves from our body,
and have refused to sustain, the Government. In
plain,direct English,it amounts to declaring them
guilty of treason, so far as We can do so; and in
judging of the associations of our own body, we
myst pass sometimes upon a subject of that kind,
whether murder, treason, or anything else. To
be sure, it<ioes not convict the person so that he
may be hung; but it does convict him for all the
purposes of our action.
Now, what is the common-law effect of treason ?
*It is clearly that, when a conviction of treason
takes place, it attaints the blood and works a for-
feiture from the time the act was committed, not
the time the conviction was passed. Now, sir,
if the recitals contained in the resolution which
we passed be fairly examined, it will be found
that they make it oat that the men named in it
were enemies to this Government; and it takes
effect from the time that that was manifested in
the way the resolution states; that is, at the com-
mencement of this session. That is my view of
that. That is an application of the analogies of
law which relate to a subject of this kind.
In the next place, Mr. President, on that topic
I have this to say: we treat this as the State of
Virginia, for the reason I have already urged, if
it needed any reason. If the State of Virginia—
I care not when and how—has sent us here two
new Senators, and the State of Virginia makes
noobjection toouract, andiscontent with it, and
the seats are vacant, as we now have declared, X
should not cavil much at allowing them lo take
their'seats; certainly not until we hear from the
State of Virginia that she is in some way discon-
tented. 1 think she has a right to be heard here,
and to send men here; and as long as she is con-
tented with them, we ought to keep them here.
Mr. POWELL. I do not propose, sir, to enter
into this discussion. I merely wish to enter my
protest against this proceeding. My friend from
California says that these gentlemen were chosen
by a Legislature clected in accordance with the
Constitution and laws of the State of Virginia.
Is he not aware, is it not a fact judicially known
to this Senate, that there is another person who
was elected Governor of the Commonwealth of
Virginia? i think it is a fact of public notoriety
to the Senate, that the body assuming to be the
Legislature of Virginia, which elected these gen-
tlemen as Senators, was composed of gentlemen
clected to that body from perhaps less than athird
or a fourth of the State of Virginia. There are,
1 believe, more than one hundred and fifty coun-
ties in that Commonwealth, and I have seen no
statement that rnoie than thnty or forty counties
of that State were represented in' the legislative
body that elected the gentlemen whose certificates
have been presented. These facts, I think, all
judicially know; and consequently, ifeyou permit
these gentlemen to take their scats here, you over-
throw the Constitution and our form of govern-
ment.
My fiicnd from New Hampshire tells us that
this is a contest between despotism and constitu-
tional liberty. Sir, so far as 1 have witnessed the
action of the Executive, and, I regret to say, some
of the acts of this body, it does not seem to me
that the Constitution is much regarded. This
proceeding is, in my judgment, an overthrow of
the Constitution and the forms of our Govern-
ment. As I said the other day, we have but little
left save the Constitution, and I invoke Senators
to preserve that.
I do not rise for the purpose of discussing this
question. I know that nothing that 1 could say
would have any influence upon Senators opposed
to mc here; but I think it my duty to make a
solemn protest against this proceeding. I shall
simply content myself with calling for the yeas
and nays on this question of reference. I think
this subject should be referred, and should be in-
vestigated by the Committee on the Judiciary,
and that they should report all the facts and the
law arising in reference to it, and then the Senate
could act with full information on this, to my
mind, most grave and important subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon the question
of reference the yeas and nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise merely local! the at-
tention of the Senate to one or two precedents as
to whether a vacancy could be recognized by the
State authority. It will be perceived that these
credentials state that Mr. Willey is chosen a Sen-
ator to fill the vacancy which has happened by the
withdrawal and abdication of James M. Mason.
Now, I find, in looking over the volume of Con-
tested Elections, that in 1790, " John Walker, of
Virginia, appointed by the Governor in the place
of John Mason, who had refused to act, produced
his credentials and was admitted to his seat" in the
Senate. There the Governor appointed a Senator
in the place of one who had refused to act, and the
appointee was admitted to the seat. The Senator
from Delaware [Mr. Saulsbury] says these per-
sons have refused to act, but his trouble is that we
expelled them last Thursday. We had refused
to act before that day; but they need not wait in
the State of Virginia till the Senate acts. They
could recognize the vacancy. The Governor of
Virginia, in 1790, recognized the vacancy occa-
sioned by the refusal to act, and appointed a
Senator who submitted his credentials and was
sworn in as a member.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If the Senator from Illi-
nois will allow me, the case to which he now
refers, from Virginia, was a case where the per-
son appointed had never acted as a Senator; had
never been a member of this body. The appoint-
ment was tendered to him—that is what 1 gather
from what the Senator reads—and he refused to
accepf it. He never had been a Senator, and
therefore there was no vacancy, so far as he was
concerned. He had never been a Senator, and
never had a seat to vacate. •
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, it is very
clear that, if that were so, the Governor would
have had no right to make the appointment.. It
is only in cases of vacancy that he can appoint;
and if the office was never filled, the Executive
could not appoint at all,
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator look at
the record and see?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have read the record to
the Senator, and if he had paid attention he would
have heard it. Here it is:
'• Apru. 2g, 1790. John Walker, of Virginia, appointed
by the Governor in the place of John Mason, who had re-
fused to act, produced his ciedentials, and was admitted
to his seat."
The Governor of Virginia could not appoint,
except in a case where there was a vacancy.
Another case will be found which arose in the
State of Maryland, in .1791. In that case Mr.
Pitickney, who was a member of the House of
Representatives, resigned his seat. There is no
distinct evidence of the resignation, however; but
the Governor of Maryland ordered an election,
and aMr. Merccr was elected. Mr. Giles objected
to Mr. Mercer taking his seat, upon this ground.
He said:
"Two questions occurred in tills business ; the one,
whether a person appointed to represent Ills State in Con-
gre;s has the power of re-'i^iKitiou: the other, whether that
appointment can be lesigned to the Executive of a State
government, find whether the Executive be authorized to
accept the resignation, and issue a writ for a new election.
It' the icpoit weie leeeived, a* it then stood, he observed
that it would autbbnze the Executive of every State to
judge of all vacancies, and of the circumstances that m.iy
cause vacancies. He hoped the Hon-c would take titlieto
consider the subject." * * * *
"Mr. Sexry observed that this was no new ease; that there
weie membt'is sitting in the House who hud been elected
in lieu of others who had resigned; lie adverted to the in-
convenience that must ensue to the State of Maiyland tioin
the delay, as that ^t.ale would be deprived of thu voice and
suppoit of one of her membeis. He thought it a new and
veiy strange deelaintion to say that a member had not a
right to resign. Such a doctrine must affect the piivilege
of every tree citizen."
On motion, however, the House came to the
following resolution:
" Resolved, That John F. Mcicrr is entitled to take his
scat in this House as one of the Representatives fiom the
State of Mailand.3'
Thereby deciding that the Governor of Mary-
land could decide whether theie was a vacancy
which he could fill. The House of Representa-
tives had not acted upon it. Now, the Legisla-
ture of the State of Virginia could ettcide whether
there was a vacancy in that State; whether they
had Senators or not. They did decide, on the
9th day of the present month, it is said. We
decidcd that the persons who formerly held the
seats were guilty of crimes which justified their
expulsion from the Senate, on Thursday. But,
sir, that decision has relation, as has been well
said by the Senator from Vermont, to the time
when they committed the criminal act. The
State of Virginia acted upon them before We did; _■
It is not necessary, in- case of a defithj-jXa't JtW
Senate of the United States should; meet, and.SaV6
official knowledge of the death, and communicate
that fact to the Governor of a State, and notify-
him that a vacancy exists, before the Governor of
the State can talce official notice of the vacancy^'
and fill it; or in case of the death of.a, Member of
the House of Representatives, the (governor aeed:
not wait un til Congress convenes, and the Speaker
informs him of the vacancy. Neither need ihe
Legislature of Virginia, when her Senators hkd
turned traitors, wait until the Senate of the Uni-
ted States should declare it, and that they were
unworthy of seats here; but they had a right to
act upon the vacancy, and fill it, which they have
done. The fact that we did not take cognizance
of the matter until after they acted canHot inval-
idate an election which "was valid when it was
made., even according to the reasoning of the Sen-
ator from Delaware; for he says the seats were
vacant at that time, and if we had only voted yes-
terday that they were vacant, why then these
persons would be entitled to their seats here.
Well, because we voted differently, and expelled
the other Senators 
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator does
not refer to me ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am referring to the Sen-
ator's colleague.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Allow me to correct the
Senator. I did not say that then they would be
entitled, for I never noticed or referred to the
other question behind this question of vacancy.
What I ffaid was this: that the Senate of the Uni-
ted States being the judges of the election and
qualifications of their own members, day before
yesterday, for the first time, passed as judges
upon the fact whether Mr. Mason and Mr. Hun-
ter were members of this body; and, by passing a
resolution to expel them on that day from the
Senate, they recognized them then as members of
the Senate. What I said was that, if the Senate
had chosen previously to Thursday last to de-
clare these seats vacant, they could have doneso
under the same power of being judges of the qual-
ifications and election of their own members.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the Senator
to say—and I believe he did say—that he would
have voted to declare their seats vacant. I believe
he did vote on Thursday for such an amendment.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I did.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then, the Senator stands
in this position before the country: he voted that
their seats were vacant. If they were vacant,
then the Legislature of Virginia had a right to fill
them. There is no question about that. As to
whether this body was the Legislature or not, is
not the point that the Senator from Delaware has
made. He is sticking us to the time. He wants
to send these Senators back to be elected over
again to-morrow. Thegreatpointwhich he thinks
is to break up the Government, and which is dan-
gerous to the liberties of the country, is, that they
were elected the day before yesterday, instead of
being elected to-day. That is his great point,.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If the Senator willal1$w
me 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Illinois give way?
Mr. TRUMBULL. After I get through, the
Senator can have an opportunity, if he wishes, to
reiterate his statement. He voted that the seats
were vacant; that the vacancies existed. If the
vacancies existed, the legitimate Legislature had
the right to fill them. He does not deny that,
does he? Then, so far as his point is concerned,
it amounts to nothing but simply this: that the
Senate has voted to expel them; but, because it
did not vote to expel them before, when they de-
served it, therefore these gentlemen, who have
been elected Senators, must go back and be re-
elected again, although the cause of the expulsion
of the old Senators existed, and although the Le-
gislature of Virginia, the body to elect Senators,
determined that they had abdicated their seats.
Mr.SAULSBURY. Only one word more,sir,
for the purpose of putting myself right. I hope
the Senator from Illinois did not wish to put me
in any other position than that which I occupy.
There have been two grounds of objection made
in this body'to these gentlemen taking their seats
without a reference of their credentials to the
Committee on the Judiciary; for that is the ira-
