108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Jul j 13,
mediate question before the Senate, whether the
credentials shall be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary. One of the points is, that the Sen-
ate of the 0nited States having declared, on Thurs-
day, the expulsion of the former Senators from
this body, by that vote recognized that on that
day the two former Senators were members of this
body. There was another ground of objection
raised to which I did not refer, and to which I do
not choose now to refer, and that was the power
of this new Legislature of Virginia to elect Sena-
tors upon this floor.
The Senator from Illinois seems to think that
he has placed me in a wonderfully inconsistent
attitude before the country. His speech, or his
attempt at that, would have been very well, if I
had had the honor of being an opposing candidate
before some popular assemblage for popular suf-
frage. It falls far ehort, however, of an argument
addressed to cool-headed,clear-headed men,upon
?uestions of law. He seems to think that because
voted the other day to declare the seats vacant,
therefore I had declared that they were vacant
before that day. Does the fact that I voted on
Thursday to declare that the scats were vacant,
establish the fact that I voted they were vacant
before that day? Now, sir, had the Senator offered
a resolution on tbe first day of this session, or the
day after Mr. Mason and Mr. Hunter withdrew
from this body, declaring their seats vacant, and
I been in this body, I would certainly have voted
for it. Why would I have voted for it? Because
as one member of this body—which body has the
right to deciders I said before, upon the election
and qualifications of its own members—I should
have the right ao to vote. But they did not raise
the question an to whether Mr. Mason and Mr.
Hunter were members of this body untit Wednes-
day. True, I voted on Thursday to declare the
seats vacant. The gentlemen on the other side
voted not to declare them vacant. Did they mean
by that to say that they were not vacant? No;
they chose another moue. They chose to vote to
expel them. As to the propriety of expulsion, I
have only to say, that those Senators ought not,
if they had appeared here on Thursday, to have
been allowci to take their scats, and the Senate,
acting in it  capacity of judging whether its mem-
bers tiad committed such offenses as to preclude
them fron a scat on 1I113 floor, would have the
right to &ay that they should not take their seats;
and I would have so voted, because they now
adhere fo a State which is in rebellion, as X hold,
to the Government of the United States.
I think, therefore, there is no inconsistency at
all in my record; but that there is an inconsistency
in the record of the Senator from Illinois, who
on Thursday treated these seats as existing, and
thesegentlcmon as memborsofthe body,and voted
to expel them. What does he say? That that
expulsion may have reference back to some an-
tecedent time. Then, sir, according to the logic
of the Senator from Illinois, you can expel a man
from this body who had ceased to be a member
twenty years ago, and say it related back to that
time. That is the Senator's reasoning upon this
subject, and as far as I am concerned, he is per-
fectly welcome to whatever eclat and renown such
a mode of argumentation may give him before the
country.
In conclusion, Mr. President, I have only to
say, that this is a judicial question, as the dis-
tinguished Senator from Vermont has said, and
a great deal has been said upon it much more ap-
propriate to another theater and upon a different
subject. This is a legal, constitutional question.
It is not a question to excite popular feeling. It
is not a question in the discussion of which these
galleries, or the multitude of the great American
people, must be addressed. What is the point be-
fore the court? Confine your argument to that.
I protest against any inference being drawn from
what I have said in the discussion of a constitu-
tional question, that I favor the right of the former
Senators to seats upon this floor. I declare be-
fore God and man, that had they appeared here
at the opening of this session, much as I esteem
oneofthose gentlemen,and askindly as he treated
me as a member of this body, I would not have
voted thorn permission to take their seats on this
floor; and T never will vote for any other man
who has withdrawn from this body and taken
part against his Government, to return to be a
memberof the body,until thatsin has been purged.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I see, at least
I fear, with no disrespect to the Senate, that the
consideration of the grave question involved in
the admission of these gentlemen to the seats on
this floor which they claim under these certifi-
cates is about to be disposed of now by the ma-
jority of the Senate, although I think it would be
wise that the regular course should be taken in
regard to it. I shall therefore, though entirely
unprepared, endeavor to state-my views upon it
distinctly but briefly; for I do not mean, inasmuch
as it is the determination of the majority of the
Senate to settle this question now, to detain them.
There are two questions involved in this mat-
ter. The minor one, and far the minor one, is,
whether these seats—without reference at all to
the much graver question—were vacant when this
election took place, supposing the body making
the election to be the lawful Legislature of Vir-
ginia after the vacancy occurred in the body.
Now, sir, what is the question there? It is very
simple. A Senator of the United States is elected
for a fixed term of six years. He can be removed
in but two ways against his will. He may resign
at any time; and his resignation is made to the
Governor of his State. The act of resignation
vacates the seat in itself. He may die. Death
vacates the seat, and the Governor can appoint if
the Legislature is not in session; but no Legis-
lature of a State, no Governor of a State, can
undertake to terminate his office during the term
for which he is elected by any action of theirs.
Though elected by the Legislature, he is not
within their control' as regards his office. The
control over that office is in the Senate of the Uni-
ted States. The Senate may expel a member. If
the House of Representatives impeach him, the
Senate may judicially condemn him, and so vacate
his office; but the seat is not vacant without resig-
nation, without death, without expulsion, or with-
out a verdict according to the judgment of the
Senate vacating the seat under the result of an
impeachment.
Sir, nothing of this kind has happened in this
case; but the Senate of the United States, on the
11th day of this month, did vacate the seats by
expelling those members from the body. I have
no doubt of the right of the Senate to vacate the
seats by their order, but the Senate alone could
do it. On what authority or principle could the
Legislature of Virginia, supposing it to be a per-
fectly valid Legislature—supposing it to be a legal
Legislature, which we were bound to recognize—
undertake, in anticipation of such an act, before
the act had been taken, to elect Senators when
there were Senators si ill having a light to their
seats, though those Senators might not be pres-
ent in this body; though those Senators migktbe
charged with crime of any character? It is not
for the Legislature to determine that the charge
of crime constitutes a vacating of the seat. The
Senate alone can undertake to determine that. If,
then, there was no vacancy, there was no author-
ity, either-in the Governor, during the recess of
the Legislature, to appoint, the term having
commenced and been filled; nor was there any
authoiity in the Legislature, when in session, to
elect other Senators, until after the 11th day of
July. 1 desire to have the action of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary on that point.
The next and graver question is this: whether
you have in this certificate anything you can ac-
knowledge, on the facts you are judicially to
notice, that would give any one a title to a seat in
this Senate, and to vacate seats. As I stated to
the Senate at its special session, my theory and
doctrine is, that though the act of a State with-
drawing from the Union, or secession, is an act
of revolution, is a breach of that compact upon
which this Government is founded; though it
gives, if without reason—and we have the right
to judge of that—just cause of war, yet in its ef-
fect it puts the State out of the Union. Therefore,
according to my theory, there could be no Senator
from Virginiam this body until,by war, you have
compelled her to return to her allegiance to this
Government. I understand your view of the
Constitution to be, that the State is still in the
Union; that you mean to execute the laws; that
you mean to repress the insurrection. Can you,
consistently with the Constitution of the United
Slates, if that State is still in the Union, refuse to
recognize judicially, as your courts all do, what
is the constitution of Virginia? What are the
laws of Virginia ? Who is the executive of Vir-
ginia? John Letcher was elected the executive
of Virginia, and you all know it; and his term of
service has not expired, under the constitution
and laws of Virginia. What authority can the
name of Mr. Pierpont attached to that certificate
give to it as an evidence of the act of the exec-
utive of Virginia certifying to you that an election
has been held? The honorable Senator from Cal-
ifornia told us that the Legislature were elected
on the day fixed by the laws of Virginia, but he
forgot to tell us anything about this fact, that no
vacancy exists in the office of her Governor. No
election for Governor has been held under the laws
of the State of Virginia. If Virginia is still a State
of the Union you are trampling on her constitu-
tion and her laws, if you undertake to recognize
as the act of the State of Virginia the act of a small
minority of her people. You are running directly
counter to your own doctrine, with respect to the
rights of the States of this Union as against the
General Government.
Mr. President, I will not pursue this argument
further, because I never yet believed that it was
worth while to persist against an unquestioned
majority in a contest on any matter, the moment
I saw what the development of things was. I
have the right to ask a vote of the Senate. If they
choose so. to decide, of course, being the majority,
the responsibility rests with them. But, in my
conscientious conviction, on your own theory,
you are violating the Constitution of the United
States when you undertake to recognize the
existence of Mr. Pierpont as the executive of
Virginia, when no law of Virginia has author-
ized his election as Governor; when the consti-
tution of Virginia has never authorized his elec-
tion as Governor; that you are in this case, as I
said, creating an insurrection in that State, or
acknowledging insurrection in that State; while
on my theory, the State, by revolution and the
action of her people, being out of the Union, of
course no Senator from Virginia can take his seat
on this floor. It was on that ground that I was
willing to declare the seats of these gentlemen
vacant; but I did not think it necessary to expel
them.
Now, sir, I know very well that it is a very
unpleasant thing to stand in opposition to a large
majority of the body of which you are a member,
and more especially during an excited state of
feeling in the country, and when the majority of
the people have sustained the general course of
the party to which you are opposed; but a man
is bound to carry out his honest views and his
convictions of the structure of the form of his
Government. As regards this particular question,
it has nothing to do with war measures what-
ever. It will not restore the State of Virginia
one hour sooner to this Union; it will not prevent
bioodshed;fit will not have any available effect
upon this war; and yet it is trampling upon the
Constitution. If you expect to maintain this
Union by trampling on the Constitution, I think
you will fall into a great error as to the result of
your action.
Sir, I am not in the habitof making professions.
I believe I have loved and do love this Union, and
prize its value as much as any man who sits upon
this floor. I may differ from them in regard to
the state of revolution and civil war that now
exists, and what is the wisest course for the
peace and happiness of my country in the future.
I may believe that it is better to let a portion of
this Confederacy sever from us, than to run the
risk, by civil war, of consolidating this nation
into a single government, which inevitably ends
in a military and unrestrained despotism. I
think so, honestly. I challenge the motives and I
impugn the character of no man that differs fi om
me as to that; but I should be false to every prin-
ciple of my nature; I should be false to my own
sense of duty to my country, whether I stood
j] alone here, or whether I had a large majority to
!■ back me by their votes, if I feared to utter and
defend those sentiments which 1 think alone can
preserve this Government from utter subversion.
Mr. TEN EYCK. A word, sir, and but a
| word; for I would not stand for a minute in the
way of the restoration of Virginia to her ancient
rights and dignity.
i rejoice that the Senator from Kentucky has
called for the yeas and nays; but for a different
reason from that which influences him. He be-
