1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
lieves that the action we are about to take will be
an .infraction of the Constitution, and he wishes
to stand upon the record as opposing it. I believe^
it to be an act which will sustain the Constitution
and the Union, and I desire that my vote upon it
shall stand upon the records of this Senate for-
ever and for ay. I could wish that it could be
recorded in letters of brass or of iron, enduring
as this Government, which, I believe, will be
perpetual!
The Senator from Kentucky stands forth as the
champion of the Constitution. In a speech which
he made two days ago, the whole burden of his
song was "the infraction of the Constitution;"
the President had done no act, save one to which
he called attention, since the 4th day of March
last, which was not a violation of the Constitu-
tion. Sir, it appeared strange to me that, at the
time he held the Constitution in his hand and ad-
dressed that noble apostrophe to it which thrilled
the heart of every listener, it never occurred to
him that the Constitution had been violated in
any manner by other men or in any other way.
He had most strangely forgotten the transactions
which called one hundred thousand men on the
• wings of the wind to this capital for the purpose
of protecting the Constitution and preventing the
overthrow of the Government.
I understood the Senator from Kentucky to ad-
mit, however, that the President had done one
constitutional act, and that was, the issuing of his
proclamation calling for seventy-five thousand
men for the rescue of the capital. I ask this cham-
pion of the Constitution and the laws how it is
that he and his beloved Kentucky did not respond
to that call ? How is it that the riflemen of Ken-
tucky, the noble-hearted men of Kentucky, the
men whom we have loved and admired in times
past, did not rush to the safety and protection
of the country, their capital, and the Union? I
desire a frank answer from the Senator, if he is
prepared to give it. He yields no answer. Is
it because of another heresy which exists, that
neutrality is lawful? Does he believe that neu-
trality is in support of the Constitution, the Gov-
ernment, and the laws? I must say I fear it is in
this respect with our country as with our God—
those who are notfor it are against it. Mr. Pres-
ident, while I, a humble Senator from a State
which has held many doctrines in common with
the people of Kentucky and Indiana and many
other of the border States, rejoiced at the great
outburst of the patriotism of the people, it was
with pain and sorrow that I saw that no Ken-
tuckian responded to the call, and that her Sen-
ator now here upon this floor sees nothing but
infractions, violations, and disruptions of the Con-
stitution by the President.
Mr. POWELL. The honorable Senator from
New Jersey puts a question to me, to which I will
with pleasure respond. Before I do that, how-
ever, I will correct a misapprehension of the Sen-
ator. He says that, in a speech I made the other
day, I declared that the President had done but
one constitutional act since the 4th of March.
The Senator was greatly mistaken when he made
that assertion. I spoke of no acts of the Presi-
dent other than those specifically set forth in the
resolution then under debate, and it was in regard
to the acts of the President embraced in that res-
olution that I ihought probably one was consti-
tutional; that depending, however, upQn the pur-
poses for which the President intended to use
those seventy-five thousand men. 1 made that
qualification.
The Senator, as I understand him, asks me how
the State of Kentucky, consistehtly with her duty
to the Constitution, refused to obey this call? I
will state to the Senator and to the country, the
view that Kentucky took of that question, as far
as I am advised. Kentucky believed thatthis call
for seventy-five thousand men was not necessary
for the defense of the capital or of the public prop-
erty. She believed that the calling forth of such
an immense armanent was for the purpose of
making a war of subjugation on the southern
Suites, and upon that ground she refused to fur-
nish the regiments called for. The Senator seems
to be a little offended at the neutrality of Ken-
tucky. Sir, Kentucky has assumed a position of
lieutiality, and 1 only hope that she may be able
to maintain it. She has assumed that position
because there is no impulse of her patriotic heart
that desires her to imbrue her hands in a brother's
blood, whether he be from the North or the South.
Kentucky looks upon this war a*} wicked, un-
righteous, and unnecessary. Kentucky believes
that this war, if carried out, can result m nothing
else than a final disruption of this Confederacy.
Slje hopes, she wishes, she prays, that this Union
may be maintained. She believes that cannot be
done by force of arms; that it must be done by
compromise and conciliation, if it can be done at
all; and hence, being devoted truly to the Union,
she desires to stay this, war, and desires meas-
ures of peace to be presented for the adjustment
of our difficulties.
That is the neutrality of Kentucky, and that
I understand to be the reason why she assumes
to be neutral. It is the first time in the history
of that proud.Commonwealth that she ever failed
to respond to the call upon the country for volun-
teers; she never was called upon to fight a public
and foreign enemy that her true and gallant sons
did not rush to the standard of the country in
numbers so great that many had to be turned back.
In other wars, the war of 1812, and the war with
Mexico, twenty times more men than could be
taken were presented; and she would be ready to
do itagain,if it wereawaragainstaforeigoenemy;
but she has no desire to shed the blood of a brother,
whether of the Worth or South. I think her po-
sition is one that should be admired and esteemed
by all patriotic men, by all Christian men, by all
men who love their country and love the Union.
She stands in an attitude, if possible, of a peace-
maker, between the belligerents North and South,
and I hope she may be permitted to maintain that
attitude. It was one not taken out of any hos-
tility to the Government; she look it because she
believed it was the only means possible by which
these difficulties could be averted, our country
saved, the Union restored, and our people once
more made prosperous, contented, and happy.
I am aware that the.position of my Slate is not
palatable to gentlemen who rush fiercely on to
this war. I am aware, also, that persons in the
extreme South perhaps are not satisfied with the
condition of Kentucky. They think we ought
to unsheath our sword at once, and make com-
mon quarrel with them. We have chosen to act
differently, and we will, with the blcssingof God,
maintain our position of neutrality. This im-
mense aj-mament called out by the President
looked to us as if this were to be a war of subju-
gation, and not one m defense of the public prop-
erty. For that, in addition to the other reasons
I have stated, we wished to present, if possible,
a barrier between the fierce conflicting elements,
North and South, and restore peace to this coun-
try.
I have thus stated, very briefly, the reasons
why my State has assumed this position. I will
also tell the Senator, that when he asserts that 1
have proclaimed that all the acts of the President,
save one, are unconstitutional, he greatly misun-
derstood me, for I spoke specifically of the acts
of the President mentioned and set forth in the
resolution under debate; and I stated that the call
for seventy-five thousand volunteers, if for the
sole purpose of protecting the capital and de-
fending the public property, if they were called
out for the time prescribed by the Constitution,
was constitutional; but if those men were called
out for the purpose of making war upon States,
of reducing States and subjugating them to the
condition that the Senator from Oregon said the
other day he was willing, if necessary, they should
be reduced to, and send Governors from other
States to govern them, that it was unconstitu-
tional. I hope the Senator is satisfied with my
answer.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Just one word in reply. I
did not mean, in the slightest possible degree, to
misrepresent the Senator from Kentucky. I un-
derstood him to declare what 1 represented him
to have declared, and such was the understanding
of other Senators on this floor; but if I misrep-
resented him, or misunderstood him, it was owing
to the remoteness of my position from him, which
did not enable me to hear distinctly what he said.
In regard to the question of neutrality, Isimply
used the words of the gallant Rousseau, in the
State Senate of Kentucky, who declared there
boldly, with his " foot upon his native heath,"
that neutrality was treason. I contend that, under
our Constitution and form of government, it can
be nothing else, for such as are not for us are
against us; and those who assume a.position in
direct antagonism to the constituted authority of .
the Government, and reject its authority, jebei
against that authority, and although they may
claim they are doing it forthesakeof peace, they
are most sadly mistaken in their duty.. . <
The Senator says that this is a war of subju-
fation. I declare that the men in our Army whom
know—and I know many of them.from the
North—come for no other .purpose than to sup-
press insurrection; and huge as it may be, it is
nothing but insurrection. The Jerseymen who
are here, the New Yorkers who are he<e, the
Ohioans who are here, and all the men who are
here from north of Mason and Dixon's line, are
not here for the purpose of carryinga war of sub-
jugation into the southern portion of the Union;
they are here solely for the purpose of protect-
ing the Union and the Government. They are
here for the purpose of making no raid upon
southern rights, or interfering with any southern
institution; but they are here in obedience to the
call of the constituted authorities of their country
for the purpose, originally, of protecting this cap-
ital founded by Washington, the sacred home
and stand-point of the Government. They are
here, and are moving onward, for the purpose of
rescuing the noble hearted, loyal men of Vir-
ginia, Tennessee, North Carolina, and loyal men
every where south of us, from oppression and sub-
jugation; ay, the loyal and true-hearted men of
Kentucky even, who are ready and willing to .
stand forth and do battle for the Union, the Con-
stitution,and the laws; forthis.and nothing else.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, this ques-
tion has been discussed at considerable length,
and I believe is understood by Senators, and I
desire that we may come to a vote upon it. The
circumstances of the country are such that what
we need are deeds, more than words.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 5, nays 35; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bright, Polk, Powell, and
Salisbury—5.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Browning, Chand-
ler, Clark, Collampr, Cowan, Dixon, Doolltlle, Fessen-
den, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Howe, Johnson
of Tennessee, Kennedy, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Latham, McDougall, Morrill, Pomeroy,Rice, Sher-
man, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, Wilrnot, and Wilson—$5.
So the motion to refer the credentials to the
Committee on the Judiciary was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senators will
now advance and take the oath of office.
The oath prescribed by law was administered
to Mr. Carule and Mr. WiLLEY,and they took
their seats in the Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheiudge, its Clerk, announced thayhe
House had passed a bill (No. 28) to authorize the
employment of volunteers to aid in supporting
ana defending the Government, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the House
had concurred in the amendment of the Senate
to the bill (II. R. No. 16) further to provide for
the collection of duties on imports, and for other
purposes.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNEB.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an en-
rolled bill (H. R. No. 16) further to provide for
the collection of duties on imports, and for other
purposes; and it was signed by the Yice Presi-
dent.
THE LOAN BILL.
Mr. FESSElft)EN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 14) to authorize a national loan,
and for other purposes, to report it back to the
Senate with some few amendments. It is very
important that this bill should be disposed of as
soon as possibIe;and as the amendments to it are
mostly verbal, with one exception, which will be
easily understood by the Senate, I aslrthe unan-
imous consent of the Senate to consider the bill
now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. K.No. 14) to authorize a.national Loan)
and for other purposes.
