110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
The bill provides for a loan of $250,000,000, in
the manner suggested in the report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
The first amendment of the Finance Commit-
tee was in line eight of section one, to strike out
the words " certificate of," and after " coupon"
insert " bonds;" so as to make it read:
For which he is authorized to issue coupon bonds.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in the ninth line of
the first section, to strike out " stock," and insert
" bonds."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in line ten of the
same section,to strikeout "stock," and insert
"bonds."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line sixteen of the
same section, to strike out " three years after,"
and insert " at the pleasure of the United States
at any time after three years;" so as to make the
clause read:
The Trca<uuy notes to be of any denomination fived by
tile .Secretary ot' tile Treasury, not less tban fifty dolkits,
and to be pajable at the pleasure of the Uuited States tit
any time after three years.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same section,
line twenty-six, to insert " payable in one year
from date; so as to make the clause read:
And the Secretary of the Treasury may also issue, in ox-
change lot com mid as part of the above Joan, or may pay
for salaues or other dues from the United Slates, Treasury
notes of ;ilcss denomination than fifty dollar^, not hearing
interest, hut payable on demand by the assistant treat-iireis
of the United States at Philadelphia, New York, 01 Bos-
ton, or Tiea*,ury note* hearing interest at the rate ol three
ond sixty-live hundiedths per cent., payable in one year
from date.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lino twenty-seven
of the same section, to strike out " certificates of
stock;" so as to make it read:
Or Treasury notes, hearing interest at the rate of three
nnd sixty-five hundredths per cent., payable in one year
fiom dale, and exchangeable at any time lorTreasuiy notes
for lifiy dollar* and upward*, &c.
The amendment wag agreed to.
The next amendment was in lino twenty-eight
of the same section^ to strike out " issued," and
insert " issuable."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment wan in line thirty of the
same section, to strike out "such" before "ex-
change. "
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two, line
two, to strike out "certificates of stock," and
insert " bonds."
The amendment was agreed to.
'#he next amendment was in line three of sec-
tion two, to insert " or second" after " first;" so
as to make it read:
That the Tieasury notes and bonds is«ued under the pro-
vision* of tiiis act shall be Mgnrd hy the Fust oj Sceond
Comptroller, or the Register of the Treasury, &.o.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four of section
two, after the word "and," to insert " counter-
signed;" so as to read:
And eounlersigned hy such oilier ofliceror officers of the
Tiea urv as the Secretary of the Ttea.^my may designate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two, line
eight, to strike out " stock,"and insert " bonds."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was m hne nine of section
two, to strike out " of the certjj&ate,5' and insert
" thereof."
Tin.* amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was m section two, line
ten, to strike oat " stock," and insert " bonds."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twelve of sec-
tion two to insert" or executed m such manner;"
so as to make the clause read:
The mtei est coupons may be signed by such per>on or
pT-ottte, oi executed in surh manner as may be designated
by the Seeietary ot the Treasuty.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three, line
forty-one, to strike out "forty millions;"and in-
sert " one hundred millions;" so as to make the
clause read: .
And the Secretary of the Treasury is also authorized,
if lie shall deem it expedient, before opening books of sub-
scription as above provided, to exchange for coin, or pay
for public dues or for Treasury notes of the issue of 23d ot
December 1857, and falling due on the 30th ol June 1^61,
or for Treasury notes issued and taken in exchange for such
notes, any amount of said Treasury notes for fifty dollars
or upwards, not exceediug $100,000,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the word
" he" in the fourteenth Hne of the fourth section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the fifth section,
line four, after the word "country," to insert
" and payable at any designated place either in the
United States or in Europe;" so as to make the
scction read:
That the Secretary of the Treasury may, if he deem it
advisable, negotiate any portion of said loan, not exceeding
$100,000,000, in any foieign country, and payable at any
designated place cither in the United States or in Europe.
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendment was in line four of section
five, to insert "registered or coupon," before
"bonds," and to strike out "or certificate of
stock;" so as to make it read :
And may issue registered or coupon bonds for the amount
thus negotiated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six, of section
five, to strikeout " the "and insert " bearing,"so
as to read :
Rearing interest payable semi-annually.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six, line
six, to strike out " stock," and insert " bonds."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seven, line
seven, to strike out" stock","and insert" bonds."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out of sec-
tion eight the following words:
And for the full and punctual payment of the interest the
United St.ue> specially pledge*, the duties* of impost on tea,
codec, stfgar, spice*, wines and lupiots, and also such ex-
cise and othei internal duties or taxes as may be received
into the Treasury.
So as to make it read: .
Sfc. 8. JJnd be it farther enacted, That the faith of the
United States is hereby solemnly pledged for the payment
of the interest and redemption of the principal ot the ioan
authouzed by this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAULSBUIIY. I propose, in line six, of
section one, to strike out the word " two," and
insert the word " one;" so as to make the loan
§1.00,000,001), instead of $250,000,000. My rea-
son for this motion is that the annual session
of Congress is only about five months off, and
§150,000,000 if borrowed will certainly be suffi-
cient until the next session of Congress, when, if
a further amount be needed, it will be perfectly
competent to the Congress of the United States to
authorize an additional loan. I am willing to vote
what I consider neccssary; but I do not consider
it proper to anticipate the wants of the Govern-
ment. One hundred and fifty million dollars cer-
tainly will be ample until the next session of Con-
gress; and if the Administiation should want more
at that time, it will have a majority of friends in
both Houses of Congress, and they will be able
to pass a bill authorizing an additional loan.
Mr. FliSSKNDEN. 1 have only to say, Mr.
President, that the bill is based upon the estimates
of the Secretary of the Treasury, as to the sum
that will be absolutely necessary to pay the ex-
penses of the year, it is perfectly evident that if
that is to be borrowed, both in this country and
in Europe, we ought to lose no time in making
preparations to get the money. It is only wast-
ing the time, and doubling the expense, to go in
for one half now, and five months hence apply
for the other half. The bill authorizes the Sec-
retary to borrow that amount, or so much as may
be necessary. If anything should occur to lessen
the expenditure, he will not be obliged to borrow
it. Therefore, I think we run no risk; and in
fact it is altogether better at once to come up to
the sum that we know we shall need for the year,
and not have the work to do over again at the
next session of Congress.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I know, of course, that
my amendment will not be adopted; but as I de-
sire to put my vote on the record, I ask for the
|jeas and nays. *
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 4, nays 36; as follows:
YEAS—Messsrs. Johnson of Missouri, Polk, Powell,
and Saulsbury—4.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Browning, Carlile,
Chandler, Clark, Ooliamer, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittie, Fes-
senden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Hariis, Howe,
Johnson of Tenne^ee, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Latham, McDougall, Morrill, Nesmith, Pomeroy,
Rice, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Ejck, Wade, Wilkinson,
Willey, Wilmol, and Wilson—36.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate asamended.
Mr, FESSEN0EN. Before the question is
taken on adopting the amendments in Committee
of the Whole, which will probably be taken as a
whole, an amendment has been suggested to me
which I wish to consider; and I therefore move
that the bill lie on the table, for the present. I
will call it up again.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (No. 28) toauthorize the employment.
of volunteers to aid in supporting and defending
the Government of the United States was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. Npl 2) to increase the present mili-
tary establishment of the United States.
The bill'proposcs to add to the regular Army,
as Xow authorized by law, nine regiments of in-
fantry }/6ne regiment of cavalry, and one regi-
ment, jfr artillery, to be organized in the manner
indicated in the presidential proclamation of last
May, with four major generals and six brigadier
generals.
The bill was reported from the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, with an amend-
ment striking out the fifth section, which is in
the following words: -
Sk<\ f . And be itfurther cnacted. That the President of
the United States be, ami he is hereby, authorized to arid to
the piesent regiment of dragoon^, mounted riflemen, cav-
alry, artillery, and infantry of the regutai Army, as many
officers and enlisted men a* may make their lei-pective or-
ganizations the same as those of the additional regiments
ot' cavalry, aitillery, and infantry, authorized by tins act,
and that the commissions of the officers of the old iegi-
nients who may be piornoted thereby shall bear equal date
with those officers promoted to the additional regiments.
The amendment was .agreed to.
Mr. KING. I have an amendment to offer,
which is not drawn up m the section I now pre-
sent as entirely complete as 1 should like to have
it; but I present it in this shape to test the sense
of the Senate as to the propriety of imposing the
limitation which I propose:
And be it further enacted, That the increase of the mil-
itary establishment eieated or authorized by this act is
declared to bo for service during the existing insuneetion
and rebellion; and within six months alter the constitu-
tional authority of the Government of the United States
shall bo reestablished, and oiganized lesdstaucc to such
authority shall no longer exist, the military establishment
shall be reduced to the number, giade, rank, and pay author-
ized by law on the 1st day of May, 1881.
The provision is entirely plain to the compre-
hension of every Senator, and does not require
any discussion. I understand that the chairman
of the Military Committee, of which I am a mem-
ber, is prepared to accept the proposition as an
addition to the bill.
Mr. WILSON. I will not resist the adoption
of it. The Senator presents the proposition and
gets the vote of the Senate upon it. I shall not
stand in the way.
Mr. KING. I hope it will meet the approba-
tion of the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KING. I now propose another amend-
ment, to complete the proposition:
And be it farther enacted, That the President of the Uni-
ted States shall cause regiments, battalions, and companies),
to be difbanded, and oiheeis. non-commissioned officers,
and musicians, to be discharged, so as to reduce the military
establishment as i> piovuled by the next pteceding section.
Mr. HARRIS. I do not propose to discuss
this question. If Senators think fit so to modify
this bill, of course it is not for me to attempt to
resist it; but I will say that I am surprised that
