112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13.
have some ten or a dozen officers formerly of the
Army of the United States who are men of talent,
men recognized as men of talent, and they have
given them important appointments; but when
those men secedcd from the Army of the United
States they did not take all the talent or all the
experience from the Army. Far more talent and
far more experience were"left in the Army of the
United States than those gentlemen took away
with them.
In regard to these appointments generally, men
have everywhere been sought who have hereto-
fore sei'ved in the Army, or who have had amil-
tary education. In spite of all our shortcomings—
which are great, and I admit them to be great—
the Senator will find, if he consults men who
know very well the condition of the confederates
in the field, that they have men of inexperience*,
men of as little experience in regard to field
duties as can be found in the regiments that have
been raised to support the Government of the
country. The truth is, that, in bringing into the
field—as we have to-day—two hundred and forty-
odd thousand men, brought in in less than ninety
days, we must neccssanly have a great many men
of inexperience; but in spite of that, and of the
suddenness ofthis movement, we have many men
ofagreatdeai of experience and ability; and there
never was a time in the history of the country
when men of talent, men of eulture, men of ex-
perience, men of fortune, men who have mastered
all that could be mastered in the colleges and in-
stitutions of learning of the country, are seeking,
as they are now seeking, -admission into the
Army. There are to-day pending before the War
Office, many hundreds, and I may saymany thou-
sands, of applications; I have seen itestimated as
high as seven thousand. I know that from my
own State, where man generally have avoided
seeking the Army, wo have from one to two hun-
dred men who are asking for admissions; who
would take a second lieutenant's commission and
rejoice over it; some of them men who are dis-
tinguished for their scholarship, for their attain-
ments, for personal character; men who do not
go into the Army for any other purpose than to
serve the country; men who have fortunes of
hundreds of thousands of dollars to live upon.
Why, sir, some gentlemen of that kind have been
appointed; men who do not go in the Aimy for
pay, but who go nito it because they want to
serve the country 111 this great crisis; and they
prefer to go into the Army rather than to go into
the volunteers; and 1 must confess, myself, that I
sympathize in that; for, if I had to be pressed
into the service, I would lathergo into the Army
and servo live years than into the volunteers and
serve three years, at the same pay, for the com-
forts ol life, for safety, for everything connected
with a soldier. That is my judgment, of it. I
hope the amendment will notiecoive the sanction
oi the JSYnatf,
Mr. NESMITH. The Senator certainly mis-
apprehended i he drift of my remarks, if he thought
i intended to institute any comparison between
the seceded officers and those who have gone into
the new regiments of the Army, f believe that
to-day we have the superiors in our Army of
Davis, Beauregard, Lee, Bragg, among those men
who are occupying the positions of captains and
lieutenants in our service—men who have equally
os great natural endowments, and have had the
same facilities for obtaining education. I said that
fhey had manifested wisdom in selecting that sort
of men and putting them m command of their
armies. We would manifest wisdom by selecting
the same sort of men to lead our armies—men of
experience and of education. I intended to make
no invidious comparison between the two. 1 be-
lieve we iiave superiors to the men who have
seceded and now command the southern army.
Military knowledge is not attained by inspira-
tion. Men must get it through study, experience,
and service in the field. This, I believe, is ad-
mitted on all hands. The presentamendmentonly >
looks to a board of examination for the purpose j
of instituting an inquiry as to the capacity of per- !
sons who are applicants for the lower grades in
the Army; and if these applicants have the qual-
ifications which the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs attributes to them, there can
be no hardship. He says we will institute a scru-
tiny here in the Senate. What docs scrutiny in
the Senate as to the capacity of men for military
office amount to? Nobody will know anything
about it. The military board is the proper place
to make that examination; and 1 insist on their
being referred to such a board.
Mr. LATHAM. I should like very much to
see some provision adopted of the kind proposed by
the Senator from Oregon, although 1 agrge with
the Senator from Massachusetts, that it is highly
probable the workings of it might be found very
inefficient; but to my mind, there is a much greater
evil than any that has been alluded to by either
of the gentlemen who have paid particular atten-
tion to these bills organizing the military power
of the Government, and which I think requires
consideration on the part of Congress, and 1 will
call the attention of the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs to it, because
I know he has devoted the most untiring indus-
try and energy to the consideration of all these
questions. There is evidently a degree of par-
tiality shown in the selection of officers that is per-
fectly demoralizing to the Army of our country.
There is scarcely a day but what I receive letters
—and I doubt not every Senator does the same
thing—detailing eases where minor officers, men
who have served the country for probably four or
five years, regular graduates it may be of West
Point, aie put in command of battalions, regi-
ments, &c., over officers who have been in the
service for twenty-five or thirty years. To my
mind, that is very unjust and very wrong. It
is creating discontent throughout the whole of
the Army; and, in my humble judgment, there
will be more resignations from this cause alone
hereafter, in the history of our Army, than have
resulted from the secession of the southern States.
Men who have been colonels of regiments and
majors for a long term of years, and served the
country on the frontier, have endured the priva-
tions, have become thoroughly educated in all the
duties that belong to them ns soldiers, feel unwill-
ing that those who are their minors, who have
been in service but a short time, who cannot com-
pare with them in point of experience or service
to the country, shall bo put in higher places over
them; and I ask the Senator from Massachusetts,
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, if it is not his purpose, or whether it would
not be proper, that, in the making of these appoint-
ments in the legular service, the question of senior-
ity should be regarded by the appointing power.
It does strike me that Congress should put such
a limitation on the appointing power, so far as the
regular Army is concerned; and if we increase the
regular force of the country, and leave no provis-
ion governing this matter, we shall find that the
spirit of discontent to which I have alluded will
prevail to a still greater extent, because men will
be selected and put into prominent positions over
others who have rcudered.greater military scrvicc
to the country, in consequence of the influence
they will bring to bear on the appointing power.
The honorable Senator from Minnesota has
given me an instance which is but one of many
that 1 could enumerate if I chose to specify m
order to prove the position I have taken. From
the frontiers 1 receive, nearly every week, half a
dozen letters from officers in command there,com-
plaining of promotions which have been made of
men their juniois in lank and in service. If the
Government of the United States intends to tol-
erate this kind of disposition and reward of ser-
vice, it must result necessarily in the utter and
entire demoralization of the Army. The only
motive these men could have had to continue in
office, or can have to serve yourOovernment faith-
fully—the only motive thatany soldier has, is the
hope of promotion; the hope that he will be ele-
vated; and if you establish the mle thatofllceis
are to be taken from a subordinate position and
put over their superiors, you will find, by and by,
when the rule is to be applied to those who are
now benefited by it, that they will have just as
much cause of complaint as their seniors have
now of their promotion. I call the attention of the
Senate to this growing and crying evil; because,
in common with every man who wants to see the
Army thoroughly ana efficiently organized, I see
that if this thing is persisted m, every member
on this flooi, as well as the Government itself,
will have cause to rue it to the very bitterest ex-
tent.
Mr. KESMITH. I ask the honorable chair-
man of theCommitieeon Military AfFairswhether
the twenty-third paragraph in article four of the
Army Regulations has been observed; and if not,
why not? It is in these words:
" Whenever the public service shall require the appoint-
ment of any citizen to the Aimy, a board of officeis will
he instituted before which the applicants shall appear for
examination into his physical ability, moral character, at-
tainments, and general fitness for the service. If the board
report in favor of the applicant, he will be deemed eligible
for a commission m the Army." 9
. The amendment now proposed embodies the
very language, and was quoted from this para-
graph of the Army Regulations. I ask the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs why it has not been enforced r
Mr. WILSON. That article of the regulations
has not been observed, and it has been impossi-
ble to observe it. It is not the law of the coun-
try; it is a mere regulation.
Mr. NESMITH. I am aware of that.
Mr. WILSON. It is a regulation that, I think,
ought to be adhered to in all cases where it is
practicable to do so; but in this case here were
eleven regiments with eight hundred and fifty
officers. About two thirds of those officers have
been appointed; the others have been held back.
It was impossible to adhere to that rule without
consuming months of time. The object was to
get a military force into the field as speedily as
possible; and the Government was, of course,
compelled, by the exigencies of the service, by
the condition of the country, to do in this case
what it was compelled to do in some other cases—
disregard forms and regulations.
Mr. NESM1TH. Permit me to ask another
question. Could not a board be instituted in each
regiment to make the examination which the reg-
ulations require, without any serious detriment
to the service?
Mr. WILSON. In regard to that, I w-ill say
that, in order to reach what the Senator desires
should be done, the colonels of the new regiments
—ami they are nearly all men from the Army,
and men of decided military character and capa-
city—were directed, when the captains and lieu-
tenants of the regiments reported themselves, to
examine their cases; and if they are unfit for the
service, to so report to the Government, and they
will be thrown out. There is not a colonel of one
of these regiments who, when these officers goto
him, cannot have them turned out, if they are
unfit for the place. That provision was adopted
in lieu of this regulation, as the only thing that
could bo done under the circumstances. The
Administration, to my certain knowledge, felt just
as strongly the desire to get the best men in the
country as the Senator himself.
While I am up, 1 will say another thing. These
appointments from civil life have been made with-
out reference to political opinions; and 1 doubt
to-day whether a majority of the men who have
received military appointments under this act are
supporters of this Administration. In my own
State, I know they aie not.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 understood the Senator to
say, the other day, and repeat to-day, that these
gentlemen have not only been appointed, but com-
missioned in the Army.
Mr. WILSON. A sort of conditional com-
mission has been sent to them depending on the
action of Congress on the bill, and on their con-
firmation here.
Mr. GRIMES. Dependent solely on that? I
also understand the Senator now to say, that these
coloncls have the right to deprive those gentlerhen
of their commissions, if they conclude that they
are not qualified to discharge their duties.
Mr. WILSON. I will say that the commission
is not precisely a commission. It is a paper that
sets forth the facts. I take it that the Senator has
seen and read it.
Mr. GRIMES. I have never seen it.
Mr. WILSON. 1 have not one with me, but
I have one at my rooms to be forwarded to a gen-
tleman. The instructions to each colonel were,
that when the company officers reported them-
selves, he should make an examination of them,
and if they are unfit men he can so report to the
Department, and their names will not be sent here.
A gentleman has been appointed a captain of
one of these companies—a man of unquestioned
capacity, and one of the ablest men appointed; but
since his appointment facts have come out in re-
gard to him personally. He is now a colonel in
one of the volunteer regiments, but I happen to
