114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
of the old Army, and madea colonel of him: you,
by this amendment, introduce confusion upon a
point that military men insist upon more than
any other. If you want to have duels, bloodshed
in your Army, touch military men upon senior-
ity. It seems to me that the only way you can
regulate the seniority of officers in the new regi-
ments is according to the date of their commis-
sions, if it be true, as 1 understand it is, that
officers have been appointed in those regiments
without reference to rank in the old. If it be true
that that is the case, I hope that the amendment
proposed by the honorable Senator from Iowa,
will not be adopted. Confusion will ensue from
it, and it will create much trouble in the new
regiments.
Mr. WILSON. The object, as I understood
the Senator from Iowa, was to provide that, in
cases where officers had been taken from the old
regiments and transferred to the new, and both
were made captains, for example, the one who
outranked the other in the old regiments should
outrank him in the new regiments in the same
grade.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. How can you do that
when one of those captains is appointed uculonel,
and one a lieutenant colonel ?
Mr. WILSON. Then they are not of the same
frade. In a conversation with the Senator from
owa, I understood his object to be to provide
that of men of the same grade in the new regi-
ments, the one who outranked the other in the
old should outrank him in the new.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I do not so understand
the amendment; but according to it, as I under-
stand it, seniority is to be governed by the rela-
tive rank in the old regiments.
Mrt GRIMES. If the distinguished represent-
ative of the Military Committee will consent, 1
will withdraw the amendment. I am not particu-
lar about it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to ask a single
question. I understand that, by the adoption of
the amendment of the Senator from New York,
these regiments are to be mustered out of service
six months after the necessity for them ceases to
exist. The question I would ask is, what be-
comes of the officers who go into these regiments
appointed from the regular Army' Do they go
out of service with (he regiments > 1 f so, ought not
some provision to be inserted in the bill by way
of inducing officers of the regular Army to go into
these new regiments, to preserve to them in some
way their rights as officers in the Army? Other-
wise, the new regiments will not be filled up with
any of the officers from the regular Army. Is
there any provision of that sort ?
Mr. WILSON. There is none, and can be none
made of that kind, for this reason: when officers
leave the old regiments end go into the new, then-
places are immediately supplied by other nom-
inations. We have authorized the Government,
six months after the dillieultics are settled, to re-
duce the Army down to the present force. I was
opposed to that. It was defeated in committee
by a small vote; but on casting about here, 1 came
to the conclusion that it could not be insisted; and
I did not wish to make a fight over it. I con-
sulted eminent men connected with the Army; I
need not call names; I consulted the Secretary
of War and some others in regard to it. They
thought it not best to put it in; but that if it was
put in no great harm could come from it. I fear
the harm will be this: that officers m the old regi-
ments will not like to leave them and go into the
new. They will think there will be move? risk
that the new regiments will be disbanded than that
the old ones will be. But, sir, I agree to a con-
siderable extent with the Senator from Oregon.
I do not believe that 1 shall over see the day when
the Army of the United States will be brought
back where it is now. This force will probably
be reduced at the end of the contest; but it will
not have to be reduced down as low as it is now.
At any rate I think it would have been better
to leave this bill unembarrassed by these amend-
ments, and trust Congress to settle this matter of
the reduction of the Army at the end of the con-
test. I think we shall be just as wise after we
witness the events that will be witnessed during
the next year or two, as we arc now; and I am
willing to trust to the Congress that will be here
at the end of the contest, to settle and fix this
matter. Therefore, although I should prefemot
to have the clause in, and if it depended on my
vote I would have rejected it and trusted it to the
Congress in power at the end of the contest, still
I th?uk it cannot do any great harm. At any*
rate that is the opinion of some of the best mili-
tary men we have. I would rather take the bill
with it than without it.
• Thebill was reported to the Senate, as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is it the pleas-
ure of the Senate that the question shall be taken
on concurring in the amendments severally, or in
gross ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish a separate vote
on the amendments proposed by the Senator from
New York, [Mr. King,] because I desire to sug-
gest a modification.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion will be on concurring in the other amend-
ments.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now let the amendment
of the Senator from New York be read.
The Acting .Secretary read, as follows:
Jlndle it fmther enacted, That the increase of the mili-
tary estabHs-hment cieatcil or autliouzed by tins act is
deflated to bo fm n-ivice (luring tin; existing insurrection
jiiul rebellion; and within six months alter the constitu-
tional autlioiity of the Government shall be. reestablished,
anil nnjamsHid resistance to such authoiity shall no longer
oxlvt, the niilltniy establishment shall be reduced to the
numb'-!, prade, lank, and pay, autliouzed by law on the 1st
day ot iVlaj , ld61.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The change which I pro-
pose to make is, to substitute " one year" for
" six months;" and I will state my reason for it.
Suppose, for instance, the hostilities should term-
inate just at the end of a short session of Con-
gress: such might be the state of the country that
it would be very important to keep a portion, at
least, of the new regiments in service for a time
after the six months expired; but Congress not
being in session, it would become the imperative
duty of the President to disband the whole of
them, although it might be a case where Con-
gress would say at once, if it could look at the
subject, that a part, or perhaps the whole, should
be kept in service longer. 1 propose, therefore
a year, simply to provide against that contingency
that it may go around until Congress is in ses-
sion; and if you say a year, Congress will during
that time be in session, und can make all the pro-
vision that may be necessary. I think the Sen-
itlor will have no objection to it, because it is only
to save ;t possible and perhaps a probable diffi-
culty.
Mr. KING. If this increase of force was an
onginal question, I am 1'iee to say that I would
have preferred that the authority of the Govern-
ment should be sustained entirely by a volunteer
force, without any increase whatever of the reg-
ular Army; and this course would have had an-
other advantage—that it would have given to the
loyal officers of the Army the benefit of promo-
tion on account of the vacancies that had occurred
through the action of the treasonable portion of
them." But it is not an original question; meas-
ures have been taken in connection with it, and
we have got to do what is most advisable under
the condition of things as wc find them. It was
my judgment that tlie Congress which provided
for the increase of the Army should, in some mode,
determine whether they intended it to be a per-
manent increase or only a temporary one; and if
ill their intention it should be a temporary one,
that they should provide for its reduction. For
that purpose, I offered this amendment, which
shows that our intention is to make this increase
foi the picsent emergency. It makes no differ-
ence whatever, the Senator from Massachusetts
has said, as to the power of a future Congress to
regulate the subject. It simply declares the pur-
pose and intent of the present Congress in author-
izing the increase of the Army. I am content,
on conversation with the Senator from Maine, to
take the amendment which he proposes, my ob-
ject being simply what I have stated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move the amendment,
to insert " one year" instead of" six months."
Mr McDOUGALL. Mr. President, this mat-
ter being under discussion, I feci it my duty to
say a word as to the question of the increase of
the Army. I am opposed entirely to the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from New York. It
is within my personal experience and observation
that the Army is altogether insufficient for its
ordinary business, and I believe it lies within
very simple demonstration that it would be econ-
omy on the part of the Government to make the
increase proposed. Take the Pacific coast as an
illustration. An Indian difficulty occurs in the
northern part of California. Troops have to be
moved from Fort? Yuma, which is in another
Indian country. The stock and other property
belonging to the troops there has to be sold, and
new purchases made; and the cost of transporta-
tion is immense. The Indians assemble in force
in the lower part of California while these troops
arc gone, and require Government forces to sup-
i them. Orders have to be sent to Washing-
pr     .
ton Territory and Oregon, and then,agam, the
stock and property belonging to the Government
there is sold, and sold at great sacrifices; the
troops have to be moved back, and the cost of
transportation is immense; they must take a new
position in the south; whereas, if we had troops*
enough to be stationed at the proper points, there
would be none of this expense, none of these
losses. I take it that transportation alone, cer-
tainly the transportation and losses in the sales
and purchases; would more than double the cost
of an additional force if it were maintained in the
proper places.
Now, what is true on the Pacific coast is true
in the Indian country, Utah, New Mexico, Ari-
zona, running up all the way on the line to the
Missouri. It is well understood, 1 believe, ill that
part of the country where we are subject to In-
dian depredations, that the great expense of the
Government is transportation and the loss in sac-
rifices by sales where there is no demand in the
maiket, and purchasing, as the Army always has
to purchase, at high prices. Independcntofhaving
a sufficient force to take care of our forts on the
sea-board, wo want an additional force for econ-
omy, if not for humanity.
1 am opposed to the amendment, and hope that
this addition which is now to be made,and which
1 believe is needed, will be continued. I believe
it is desirable for the morale of the force to be
added. We shall have better officers, men who
propose to devote themselves for their lives to the
profession of arms.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, I have great
respect for the opinions of the Senator from New
York, who is on the Military Committee, who
proposes this amendment; but I cannot concur
with him in thinking that it is at all expedient to
attach it to the bill. I believe its effects will be
evil, and only evil; for, sir, when the time comes
round contemplated by the amendment, if Con-
gress should then be of opinion that the Army
should continue without reduction, they will con-
tinue it with the increase now made, and add to
it if they deem it aecessaiy., in spite of any legis-
lation which may now be had on this subject.
That we deem it necessary for the present to
make the increase is now enough, or we should
not vote for the bill; but for us to say now what
is hereafter to be the size of the Army of the
United States, seems to me taking upon ourselves
to decide that which we are not wise enough no w
to decide. It is enough for us to have the wis-
dom required for the legislation of to-day. We
arc legislating for the present time. Those who
are in favor of this bill deem an increase of the
Army of the United States necessary now; and
if we remain here up to the time contemplated in
the amendment, unless we become imbecile, we
shall then have as much wisdom to decide the
question as we have now; and if our places are
supplied by others, it does not bccome us to say
that we, at the present time, can legislate better
than our successors can when the time shall arrive.
I think, sir, we are undertaking to legislate for
a future period about which we can know noth-
ing. Our successors will be as wise as we, and
will determine, when the time comes, whether
the Army should be reduced or increased. I know
the argument is, that an increase of the Army,
unless limited at the time when the increase is
made, will be a permanent increase; but I do not
believe such doctrinc. I believe that Congress,
representing, as it must, the will of the people of
the country, will fix the amount of men in ser-
vice; will determine the number of the Army of
the United States according to the will of the
people. If they will a large army, a large army
must be raised. If they will a small army, the
Army must be reduced. There is no danger that
