116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
lations with all foreign Governments, yet we cannot tol-
erate or pernait any interference with our present domestic
disturbances ; ami that a recognition of the independence
of the so-called confederate States by any foreign Power
shall be regarded as an act of hostility towards the Govern-
ment of the United States, and would justify, on our part,
gn immediate suspension of all diplomatic relations Willi
the Government so offending.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object.
WEST POINT ACADEMY.
"Mr. COYODE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the reconstruction of the Military
Academy at West Point, so as to promote its effi-
ciency j which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
CHARLES D. ARTER.
' Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to pay Charles D. Artcrfor destruc-
tionof property by the United States Government;
which was read a first and second time, and, with
the accompanying papers, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
FREDERICK W. PADDOCK AND OTHERS.
Mr. LOGAN also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the relief of Frederick W.
Paddock, agent of the ship Rambler,and Nathan
Church ami Ezckiel Sawin and others; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
NATIONAL ARMORY AT NEW YORK.
Mr. WARD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the purchase of a site and erection
of a national armory, foundcry, and timber basin,
at 01- near the city of New York; which was read
a first nnd second time.
Mr. WARD. 1 move that it be referred to the
Committee on Military Alhurs.
Mr. COX. I move that it be referred to the
special committee on armories.
The question was first taken on Mr. Ward's
motion; and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred oil Mr. Cox's motion;
and it was agreed to..
So the bill was referred to the special commit-
tee on armories.
* BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. WARD. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House lor leave to introduce, for reference,
a bill to establish a general and uiiifoiin system
of bankruptcy thioughout the United States.
Objection was made.
NATIONAL CONVENTION.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I ask the consent
of thi' House to present a petition signed by up-
waids of a thousand of the most respectable and
influential citizens of New York city; and 1 am
assured that if this House will sit one week longer,
I can present a like petition with over ten thou-
sand signatures. It is as follows:
To His K£ecltcney the. President of the United States,
and the Senate atu! J louse of tiejireseiitatiees :
The undesigned, citizens of Now Vmk, feeling tliat.they
have tile light,undei ttie Constitution, to petition Congress
on alt matteis appeiiaiiung lo (tie public welfare, ties leave
to present t>> you, mos; icspprtLully and earnestly, ttie fol-
lowing eoiisideiatious:
Wlute they hold themselves leady to sustain and defend
their Goveriinx ut, they respectfully suggest that, in their
opinion, the only remaining honouble position toi urn to
take to prevent the liouois of civil war, and to pie.~erve the
Union, is to adojil itie pohej ot an immediate general con-
vention ot all ttie States, as suggested m the inaugural of
the President, wliereby ttie present vexed questions may
be reteried to the vote ot the people. This eonise, it adopt-
ed, we think, would sreurc a peaceful solution of om na-
tional difficulties. And it an> State lefllsed lo join such
convention to amend Uie Constitution or otheiwise, as it
llledlt seem best, it would sfand unanimously condemned
befoie tlx- civilized Weil.I. Earnestly ileptoiing civil war
among in etti re n, we beseech you to adopt this course, which
you inay rest assiued is the real voice ot tile peopie.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to present
petitions or memorials in open House, except
by unanimous consent. They can be presented
under the rule.
Mr. WASH BURN E and others objected to the
reception of the petition.
SL00P-0F-WAR LEVANT.
Mr. SEDGWICK, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a biit fixing the date of the loss of the
sloop-of-war Levant; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
ASSISTANT PAYMASTERS IN THE NAVY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House Senati^
bill No. 13, for the appointment of assistant pay-
masters in the Navy; which was read a first and
second time, and, oil motion of Mr. Sedgwick,
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
NAVY RATION.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
Senate bill. No. 9, to alter and regulate the Navy
ration; which was read a first and second time,
and, on motion of Mr. Sedgwick, referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Arsenal at evansville, Indiana.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported back the memorial
of citizens of lndiana'for the establishment of an
arsenal at Evansville, Indiana, and moved that it
be referred to the special committee on the sub-
ject of a United States armory, &e.
The motion was agreed to.
EXPULSION OF A MEMBER.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I rise to a question
of privilege. I offer the following resolution:
Whereas John B. Clark was elected a Representative
in the Thirty-Seventh Congress fiom the third congres-
sional district of Ihe State of iWissouu on the first Monday
of August, ill tile year I860; and whereas, since that time,
the. said John 11. Ci.auk has taken up anus against the
Governnientof ttie United States, and holds a commission
in what is called the State guaid of Missouii, under the
lebel government ot ttiat State, and took part in the eugage-
mentat Boonevdle against the United Slates forces : Theie-
'"r'moJmi!, That John 1!. Clark has forfeited all right to
a seatiis. a Representative in ttie Thirty-Seventh Oongicss,
and is hereby expelled, and de.claied to be no longer a mem-
ber of this House. *
Mr. Speaker, it is perfectly well known that
Mr. Clark holds a commission under the rebel
Governor of Missouri in what is known as the
State guard of thatState,and that he has appeared
m arms against the Government of the United
States. I state the fact upon my responsibility
as a member of this House from the Slate of Mis-
souri; and I think that it is of itself sufficient
"•round.for his expulsion. His district is loyal
to the Government of the United States, and ought
to have a loyal Representative upon this floor.
Unless some gentleman controverts the facts
stated, I will call for the previous question upon
the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the gentleman will
not call for the pn-vious question upon the adop-
tion of the involution.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will withdraw it
for any of Mr. Clark's colleagues who have any-
thing to say pertinent to the resolution. I will
withdiaw the demand for the previous question
for that, but for no other purpose.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 desire to put an incptiry to
the gentleman from Missouri. Will he withdraw
his demand for the previous question to enable
me to submit a proposition in refeience to that
paper which I think is legitimate and pioper, and
which his own good sense and love of fairness
will induce him to accept'
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I decline to with-
draw the call for the previous question for that
purpose."
Mr. REID. My colleague states that the facts
set forth in the resolution are true.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. They are.
Mr. UEID. I have no knowledge myself in
reference to the matter.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a point of order.
Debate is not in order.
Mr. IIEID. I ask my colleague to withdraw
the call for the previous question for a moment
only. I will renew it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I withdraw it, on
that condition.
Mr. REID. Mr. Speaker, I have no personal
knowledge as to the truth or correctness of the state-
ment of the lesolution. 1 have heard it lumored
that Mr. Clark was in arms against the United
States Government. I have heard that rumor at
home, as well as here in Washington, but I have
never seen the fact officially stated anywhere. My
fiiend and colleague has information, perhaps,
which I have not. I should, however, under the
circumstances, bo glad if the subject could be re-
ferred, for investigation, to the Committee of
Elections. I hope that my colleague will consent
that that course shall be taken. If it be right that
the member should be expelled, we will, on the
report of that committee, be enabled to act intel-
ligently.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. So far as I am con-
cerned, I will not consent that the matter shall take
that course. I think that the loyal third district
of the State of Missouri is entitled to a loyal repre-
sentative upon this floor; and I am unwillmg to
delay doing them justice. It is notorious that
Hon. John B. Clark is and has been in arms
against the Government of the United States. He
was as much at Booneville as Governor Jackson
and General Price. I state these facts upon my
own responsibility.
Mr. V ALLANDIGHAM. Let me say a word.
Mr. REID. I cannot yield. Before I call for
the previous question, as I have agreed to do, I
appeal to the House to let this resolution take the
course I have suggested; let it be referred to the
Committee of Elections. I demand the previous
question. .
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the' call for the previous question. [Cries
of" Object!"]
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I cannot agree to
the withdrawal of the demand for the previous
question. .
Mr. REID. Then I adhere to the demand for it.
The call for the previous question was sec-
onded.
Mr. BURNETT. I demand the yeas and nays
04t ordering the main question. 1 want to see
whether this House is prepared.in this star-cham-.
ber way 
Mr. WASHBURNE. I call the gentleman to
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order. The Chair hopes that the gentleman from
Kentucky will help the Chair to enforce the rules.
He knows that debate is not in order during the
call for the previous question.
Mr. BURNETT I beg the pardon of the
Chair. This is such an extraordinary proceed-
ing, that I could not help saying a word.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 58; as follows:
YEAS—IVIe-srs.Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Baker,Baxter,
Ileaman, Bingham, i'laneis p. Blair, Samuei S. Blair,
Blake, Butfiulon, Campbell, ChambeiJam, Ambrose W.
Clark, Colfax, Fiedenck A. Conkling, Uoseoe Colliding,
Conway. Oovode, Curtis, Cutler. Davis, Diven, Duell, Ed-
geiton,"lidwards, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Fcssenden, Franchot,
I1'lank, Cioodwio, Granger, Gurley, Hale, Hanchet, Har-
rison, Iliekman, Horton, llutetiins, Julian, Keiley, i'Kuicis
W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Lansing, Loomis, Lovejoy,
MeKean, McKiught, McPheison, Mitchell, Momhead,
Anson P. Moiiill/Ju-tin S. Morrill, Nixon, 01m. Patton,
1'ike, I'omeroy, i'oitei, Potter, John II. ltiee, Riddle, Ed-
waid 11. Rollins, Sedgwick, Sliank-, Sherman, Sloan,
Stevens, Stialton, Tiowbridge, Upton, Vandever, Van
Home. Van \ aikenbui'gh. Van Wyck, Veiree, Wall, Wal-
lace, (Jiiailes W. Walton, E I'. Walton, Washburne,
Wheeler, VVhaley, Albeit S. White, Wiiidom, and Wor-
cestet—£8.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Alley, Ancona, Joseph Baily,
Geoige II. Biownc, Burnett, Calvert, Cobb,Cooper, Corn-
ing. Cox, Ciavens, Crittenden, Delano, Delaplame, Dun-
l.ip! English, Fouke, Gooch, Glider, Haiglit, Hauling,
Holman, Jackson, Johnson, Law, Lazeai, Leary, largan,
MeClernand, Morns, Noble, Noell, Norton, Niigcn, Udell,
I'eriy. Reid, Alexander H. Rice, Richardson, Roinnson,
Smith, John II, Steele, William G. Steele, Benjamin F.
Thonee', Francis Thomas, Trimble, Vallamhgllain, Vib-
baid, Voorhces, Wadsworth, Wall, Ward, Webster, Chil-
ton A. White, Wood, Woodruff, and Wright—58,
So the main question was ordered.
During the call,
Mr. ALLEN said: Mr. Speaker, until there is
proper evidence before the House of the truth of
the statements contained in the resolution, I vote
"no."
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Train, was confined to his room
by illness.
Mr. COX. I will vote " no"until some inves-
tigation has been had on this subject. [Cries of
"Order!"}
Mr. HOLMAN. Not knowing the facts of the
case, I vote " no."
Mr. CONWAY stated that Mr. Rollins, of
Missouri, was detained at home by illness.
Mr. DUNN, not being within the bar when his
name was called, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. NOELL stated that his colleague, Mr.
Phulps, was detained at home by the troubles in
Missouri, and would not probably be here during
the session.
