118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
ing the duties of his office, the President, at his
discretion, shall direct the Secretary of War to
refer the case of such officer to a board of not
more than thirteen nor less than five commis-
sioned officers, to be composed (as far as may be)
of his seniors in lineal rank, and preferably of
officers already retired. And the determination
of the board in each case shall, with a record of
its proceedings, be transmitted to the Secretary of
War, to be laid before the President for liis ap-
proval or disapproval and orders in the case. The
board, ■whenever it finds an officer incapacitated
for active service, will report whether, in its judg-
ment, the said incapacity result from long and
faithful service, from wounds or injury received
in the line of duty, from sickness or exposure
therein, or from any other incident of service. If
so, and the President approve of such judgment,
the disabled officer shall thereupon be placed upon
the list of retired officers, according to the pro-
visions of this act. If otherwise, and if the Pres-
ident concur in opinion with the board, the officer
shall be retired as above, cither with his pay
proper alone, or with liis service rations alone, at
the discretion of the President, or he shall be
wholly retired from the service, with one year's
pay and allowances; and in this last case his name
shall be thenceforward omitted from the Army
Register; provided always, that the members of
the board shall in every case be sworn to an hon-
est and impartial discharge of their duties, and
that no officer of the Army shall be retired, cither
partially or wholly, from the service, without
having had a fair and full hearing before the
board, if, upon due summons,he shall demand it.
The fourth section provides that the officers
partially retired shall bo entitled to wear the uni-
form ot their respective grades, shall continue to
be borne upon the Army Register, and shall be
subject to the rules and articles of war, and to
trial by general court-martial for any breach of
the said articles.
The bill was then road by clauses for amend-
ment.
The third section being under consideration,
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 move to strike
out these words:
" If otherwise, and if thn Tresident concur ill opinion
with tin1 bo,Ltd, l!u: hlwill be h;Uh'«1 a*, above, cither
with his prty puipfl'ajone.or Willi his service unions alone,
at the ctiou of tlit: President, or ho shall lie wholly
retired iiom tin; sciviee, with one yeaia\s pay and allow-
ances."
1 move the amendment for the purpose of inquir-
ing; of the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs what is the case contemplated by the pro-
vision that an oflicer shall be wholly retired from
the service with one yeav'y pay and allowances.
If the judgment of the commission provided for
in the bill is favorable to the officer, I see no rea-
son why lie should be cut oif entirely from his
pay and allowances after one year; and if, by
reason of any misconduct of his, he is retired,
why he should be allowed one year's pay and
allowances?
Mr. HLAlll, of M issouri. I suppose that was
out of abundant clemency to those who have been
along; time in the service,and to give them some
oppoitunity to turn their attention to some other
employment. Hence the payment and allow-
ances wore made for a limited period of time.
Mr. VALLA.INDl.GHAM. Has this question
been submitted to any military board, and does
it meet with the approval of men competent to
judge?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, I understand that
that is the ease; t hat the bill has received the sanc-
tion of some of the highest military authorities in
the country.
Mr.VALLANDIGHAM. And has been care-
fully prepared as to its details?
Mr. I3LA1R, of Missouri. Yes, sir.
Mr.VALLANDIGHAM. The object of the
bill is unquestionably a good one, and it is per-
haps one that ought long since to have become a
law. I made my inquiry solely with refercncc
to its details, and I now withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. CURTIS. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs to move to amend the
third section of the bill by striking out all after
the word act," in the second line, down to the
word "case," m the eighteenth line; as follows:
" Whenever any officer of the Army who may ho inca-
pacitated, as before iccited, shall vohmtaujy apply to be
retired from active service, or on being ordered to perform
the duties appropriate to his commission, shall report him-
self unable to comply with such order; or whenever, in
the judgment of the President of the United States, an
officer of the Army shall be m any way incapacitated fioin
performing the duties of his office, the President, at his
discretion, shall direct the Secretary of War to refer the
case of such officer to a boaid of not more than thirteen
or less than five commissioned officers, to be composed
(as far as may be) of his seniors in lineal rank, and prefer-
ably of officers already retired. And the determination of
the board in each case sHall, with a record of its proceed-
ings, be transmitted to th^ Secretary of War, to be laid
before the President for his approval or disapproval and
orders in the case."
And to insert, in lieti thereof, the following:
The Seerfttaryof War, under the direction and approval
of the President of the United States, shall from time to
time, as occasion may require, assemble a board of the
medical staff to determine the facts a? to the nature and
occasion of the disability of such oliiceisas appear disabled
to perform such military scrvicc, such board being hereby
vested with the povveis of a couit of inquiry and court-
martial; and their decision shall be subject to like revision
as that of such courts by the President of the United States.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. WiU the gentle-
man from Iowa state the purpose of that change ?
I understood that the bill had been carefully pre-
pared. Why, then, is an amendment proposed?
Mr. CURTIS. I will state to the gentleman
that this amendment is part of the preparation. It
is thought necessary.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. By the committee?
Mr. CURTIS. By the committee.
Mr.VALLANDIGHAM. Not by any board
or any officers outside of the committee?
Mr. CURTIS. Wcll,itis a part of a bill which
has been heretofore presented to many officers of
the Army, and approved by both old and young
officers. It is a very difficult matter to prepare a
bill for a retired list that willseem fair and just to
all men. This bill which the committee now pro-
poses is a kind of entering wedge. We have
never had such a thing as a retired list before, and
the consequence is that we have superannuated
officers m great abundance, some of whom would
be glad to retire, and others of whom ought to re-
tire for the interests of the service. This provis-
ion relates to the character of the board which
shall determine the disability. The bill, as ori-
ginally drawn, provides that the board shall be
selected from olticcrs senior in rank to those who
are supposed to be disabled; but it will bo per-
ceived that those already superannuated will
hardly find superiors in age, and probably not ill
rank, to make up such a board. Ilence the neces-
sity of changing the character of the board.
The committee propose this amendment for the
purpose of correcting that manifest error in the
original bill. We propose that the board shall be
constituted from the medical staff—the medical
men of the Army—who, I believe, have no such
jealousies and difficulties in regard to rank as may
come in conflict with other officers. Besides that,
the medical staff is generally composed of men
who are particularly qualified to judge of the
physical disability of men, and competent also to
judge of the cauges of mental disability that may
exist. The committee, therefore, concluded that
it would be best to have the board selected from
the medical staff of the Army.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Who is to make
the selection from the medical staff?
Mr. CURTIS. The President and Secretary
of War.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The committee or-
dered thisamendmentto be reported on thegrounds
stated by the gentleman from Iowa, andTfor the
additional reason that medical men are supposed
to know better about disability than other per-
sons; and that which had a great influence upon
the committee also, was the fact that medical offi-
ceis, not being in the sarnt- line with other officers,
would probably be more disinterested The com-
mittee have sought to prepare a bill which would
be fiee from objections, and they thought that this
amendment was an improvement.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of M issouri. I move that the com-
mittee rise, and report the bill, with the amend-
ments, to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Richardson reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union geneially under consid-
eration, and pai ticularly a bill (H. R. No. 27) to j
promote the efficiency of the Army, and had [
directed him to report the same to the House,
with an amendment, and with a reconimendation
that it do pass.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved the previous
question on the bill.
"The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tl^c bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motiun was agreed to.
AMENDMENT OF JUDICIARY ACT.
Mr. McCLERNAND, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for an act amendatory of the
judiciary act of 1795, and to facilitate the removal
of criminal proceedings in State courts in certain
cases into the courts of the United States; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I believe there is no
more business to be reported from committees
to-day for the action of the House; and I therefore
move an adjournment.
MUSICIANS AND SOLDIERS AT PORT SUMTER.
Mr. CURTIS. 1 appeal to the gentleman to
allow me to put upon its passage a bill for the
relief of certain musicians and soldiers stationed
at Port Sumter, in South Carolina.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I withdraw my motion
for that purpose.
Mr. BUPtNETT. I understand that it is not
the purpose of the gentleman from Iowa to in-
crease the amount contained in that bili as re-
ported from the Military Committee. It gives
$1,150 only.
Mr. CURTIS. That is all.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay the sum of §1;150, to remu-
nerate soldiers and members of the band stationed
at Port Sumter, South Carolina, for losses of pri-
vate property incurred in the removal from Port
Moultrie to Fort Sumter, on the evening of De-
cember 26, 1860.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed,and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ing read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CURTIS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AUXILIARY GUARD WASHINGTON CITY.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to amend an act enti-
tled " An act to establish an auxiliary watch for
the protection of public and private property in
the city of Washington, and for other purposes;"
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia.
VOTE RECORDED.
Mr. SPAULDING. I was absent, by leave
of the House, on the Committee of Ways and
Means, when the vote was taken this morning on
the resolution to expel Mr. Clark, of Missouri.
I ask leave to have my vote recorded in the affirm-
ative.
There was no objection.
And, then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
(at two o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned until
Monday next.
"IN SENATE.
Monday, July 15, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
PROSECUTION 01? THE WAR.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, I rise forthepur-
pose of presenting a memorial of citizens of Con-
necticut, asking for the adoption of such measures
by Congress as shall sustain the Government of the
