1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of bringing together again the material which is
now ready and prepared for the prosecution of
the survey, both in men and means.
It is not probable that there is any further ex-
penditure of money going on than is absolutely
necessary to keep the corps together, and to do
that which it is advisable to do, and which can
be done without difficulty. If, by next December,
when we come together, it is found that we are to
be involved in a long war,and it is then advisable
to disband this corps entirely, and to suspend all
operations until the conclusion of the war, I shall
be willing to do it; but at this short session, called
together for a single purpose, that purpose a lim-
ited one, I do not think it wise to introduce these
questions, which necessarily lead to a very con-
siderable division of opinion and discussion, and
a protraction of the period of the session. We
had better, at any rate, until we are advised by
the proper Department upon this subject with
regard to so necessary a work as this, let things
remain as they arc until we have more time for
deliberation upon a question of so much national
importance. I trust, therefore, that the Senate
will not sustain the proposition of my friend from
Iowa. It will cause discussion here, and it will lead
to a great deal of discussion in the other House.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, the Senate will
observe that the amendment merely provides that
this work shall be suspended, not that the corps
shall be destroyed. Now, I understand it is vir-
tually suspended except upon the lake shore;
that all the vessels that were attached to the coast
suivey upon the Atlantic coast have been turned
over to the Navy or Treasury Department, and
are used for some other purpose; but that a groat
many of the officers who have been employed by
the coast survey are now receiving their salaries,
for the purpose of keeping them ready, as the
Senator has well indicated, for prosecuting the
work at some future time. I want those gentle-
men to have an opportunity to leave their pres-
ent business, and that they shall not be kept at
our expense without having any employment at
all. Let them go into the Army or the Navy,
and render us the services which we have a right
to expect from them under thecircumstonees, and
then when we need that this coast survey shall
again be resumed, I would be willing, perhaps,
to vote for an appropriation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am very
glad, indeed, that the Senator from Iowa has
brought forward this proposition. I have been
struggling almost ever since I have been a mem-
ber of the Senate to limit the expense of this
coast survey, but there has always been an in-
fluence here that not only carried through appro-
priations, but increased them. It has been going
on increasing for years and years, and the amount
of money that has been paid for this coast sur-
vey is many times as much as was estimated at
the start as necessary to complete the whole of it.
I believe they commenced on the northeast coast.
I do not know to what part of the coast the sur-
veys are being extended atthis particular moment;
but 1 think the most of this money was appro-
priated for surveys on the southern Atlantic coast,
perhaps upon the Gulf. Well, sir, we all know
there is a condition of things existing that pre-
vents the harbors in that portion of the Union
being examined at the present time, and it seems
to me there never could be a better time to attempt
to curtail this thing than now. I thought, before
this trouble commenced,that this wasa very large
and a very extravagant appropriation. I hope,
sir, thdt the amendment of the Senator from Iowa
may be adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Precisely, Mr. President,
as I supposed. The other day, when the bill of
my friend from Massacliusets [Mr. Wilson] with
reference to the Army was up, I expressed the
idea that I did not think this was an occasion for
officers of the Army to avail themselves of the
present condition of things to increase their rank.
Allow me to say I do not think this a proper oc-
casion for Senators to avail themselves of to strike
at what they have always been hostile to. I think
these matters of discussion should be left to a
more appropriate occasion, and not he put on
these bills, the immediate necessity of which is
apparent. I am especially surprised at my friend
from Illinois, because everybody knows that al-
though he is intensely national, he is, at the same
time, intensely western, now that the coast sur*
vey has got up into his region, and is doing some-
thing upon a location where there has been so
much complointAhat nothing was done, and where
we have heard so much of the necessity of doing
something for the benefit of navigation there, that
hetfehould be desirous to stop the coast survey
just at that particular point. That is a little sur-
prising to me.
Why, sir, what is obvious from what has been
stated? It is perfectly manifest that very little is
being done, that very little of this money is being
expended, that the whole operations on the At-
lantic, and perhaps on the Pacific coast, though I
do not know how it is there,and! think it might
be carried on there—but on the Atlantic coast is
suspended, and the vessels are devoted to other
purposes; but for the purpose of preserving the
corps, which is exceedingly well organized, in my
judgment, and which ought not to be disbanded
until we know what the necessities of the occasion
require, the small expenditure necessary for keep-
ing those men at work, where their work may be
rendered available, is continued, and a region of
country, or a region of coast, if I may so express
myself, which needs a thorough examination, is
now passing under the review of scientific men,
for the benefit of that coast and the people of that
section.
I repeat, again, that Senators may as well let this
subject go by, and see how we are to stand when
we come to make our next annual appropriations
for the coast survey, and if then there is such a
pressure for money-that it will be necessary to
strike down this corps altogether, if the opportu-
nity is a good one to put an end to the coast sur-
veys which have been continued so long, which
have cost the country so much, and which are,
spite of all gentlemen may say, of eminent import-
ance to the navigation of the country, why, sir,
then we can do it; but at the present time, I think
it is hardly worth while to bring up this discus-
sion and continue it, not only here but in the
House of Representatives, where it must neces-
sarily consume time, and where it must necessa-
rily embarrass this bill, the necessity of the pas-
sage of which to-day, through both branches, has
been explained to me, and of which Iain satisfied.
I really hope that the Senate will not sustain tins
amendmentatthe present time,whatever they may
do in the future.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I think it
not unlikely that the Senator from Maine, by his
dexterity in debate, may succeed, as lie has here-
tofore succeeded, in keeping up this appropriation
of half a million dollars annually to survey the
coast. His appeal to .the sectional interests of
the Atlantic coast may be successful. It is true,
he makes it by assuming, or intimating, that be-
cause I happen to represent a western State, that
that is the motive of opposition. I have made
no such opposition, and never did, on the ground
of coming from a western State; but the Senator
from Maine thought proper to give it that turn,
to rally eastern men to its support; and now he
seeks to take advantage of the necessity of the
passage of the bill, as he says, to continue this
appropriation. We arc told it is important that
tins bill should pass, and pass to-day, and there-
fore you must not put this on, for you will be
interfering with the gieat military movements in
the country. Sir, it we can save half a million
dollars in a few minutes in the Senate, I think it
our duty to do so. I always thought this appro-
priation was of questionable propriety; or so large
an appropriation, atany rate; and we must know,
everybody must know, that when the very coast
which is to be surveyed is in such a condition that
the surveys cannot go on, there can be no neces-
sity for so large an appropriation. If the Senator
wants a small amount to take care of the property,
or prevent the corps from being entirely disbanded,
as he says, let him propose an amendment of that
character, and 1 should luue no objection to it;
but certainly there is no need for using this half
a million dollars, when we require the money to
pay the soldiers, and to defend the country. There
is no propriety m wasting it upon officers who
cannot now perform their duty in surveying the
coast. The amendment strikes me as so eminently
proper, that I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One word m explanation.
My dexterity in debate, large or small, I trust
does not carry me so far as totally to pervert facts.
Now, sir, docs my friend really mean to say that,
unless wc suspend this work,-/we shall pay tlxe
officers half a million dollars,? That, is his in-
timation. Does he mean that if we-do not sus-
pend this appropriation, (although, we are jdoiifc
nothing but paying officers for very little work*?)
we must pay them the whole half million?- Is
that an argument? The honorable Senator who
moved this amendmentstated that very little,Was
being done; that the corps was kept up; but that
the expenditures were very small on the lake's;
that the vessels, and a great number of the men,
and all those matters which made it very ex-
pensive, and Which would consume the amount
named, were in fact suspended, and nothing-was
being done. Rut his motion goes to this p'oint,
as he intimated: "strike down the corps; avail
yourself of this opportunity-to expunge the offi-
cers; and, by way of argument to support; that
proposition, which the mover states, the Senator
from Illinois says you are expending ahalf million
dollars to pay the officers. No such thing, sir. It
is no argument at all. The fact is, the question
reduces itself to the simple one, not whether this
half million dollars shall be expended, but whether
the small amount shall be expended which is ne-
cessary to keep the corps of officers at work upon
the lakes, while they cannot work upon the sea-
board. That is the idea, and to that I am opposed.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I will say-a
word in explanation. The Senator from Maine
intimated a little while ago, I think, that-the-Sen-
ators who were in favor of this pioposition were
opposed to the coast survey. I am not in oppo-
sition to it. I do oppose the method in which it
has been conductcd. I am opposed to this inde-
pendent department of the Government, which
has really become one of the most potential de-
partments of the Government. I am opposed to
the manner in which it has sprung up in this
country, without any authority of Jaw, and in
opposition to law. I want to have the coast
survey prosccuted in some legitimate and proper
way, and under the direction of some legitimate
and proper officers; but not at this time, Mr. Pres-
ident. I do not think we have the means or the
men with which to prosecute it now to advantage.
Whenever the time shall come when we have the
facilities for pursuing it further, I shall be just as
willing to pursue it, under proper direction, as
the Senator from Maine can be.
The Senator has said something in regard to
local considerations, and I believe he has referred
to the fact that there are surveys of the north-
western lakes, in which those of us ar-e interested
who reside in that section of the country. It is
true they have been triangulating the lakes there
for the last ten years, more or less; and yet the
only knowledge that any seaman who navigates
the lakes has that there has been a survey theie,
is the fact that he is called upon to pay the amount
that is appropriated for the prosecution of the
survey.
Mr. COLLAMER. I cannot but feel it my
duty to express, in a single word, what presses
on my mind in relation to this amendment. Here
is a bill making appropriations for the pay of the
Army. There is nothing about the coast survey
in it; no money asked for it; nothing in the bill
in relation to it. It has no connection with that
subject. This is not a time in which wc arc called
upon to discuss the merits of the coast survey.
But, sir, occasion is taken of this bill by a gentle-
man, who says he is opposed to the manner in
which it is conducted, to avail himself of our de-
sire to save money, to carry into effect a private
object of his; to carry out his views.
Mr. GRIMES. A public objcct.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is private to that gen-
tleman. It is not public until we adopt it. The
effect is, that, instead of shortening our session
and confining our attention to the proper subjects
before us, every time an appropriation hill comcs
up, one man wants, if you please, to abolish the
National Observatory; another desires to abolish
the public printing, and save money in that way;
another desires to abolish thePension department;
another does not like the manner jn which the
Land Office is administered, and he wants to re-
organize that, and thcrefoie proposes to disor-
ganize it for the present, and take it up at some
future time and reorganize it according to his
notion of perfection.
1 desire to take this occasion to protest utterly
against entertaining any of these propositions,
