128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are several little
amendments which I wish to make. I send them
to the Chair to be read.
The amendments were read. The first was, in
section one, lines seventeen, eighteen, and nine-
teen, to strike out the words " annually on the
notes of fifty dollars and," before u semi-annu-
ally-;" and to strike out " on the notes of a larger
denomination," after " semi-annually;" so as to
make the clause read:
With interest at the rate of seven and three tenths per
cent, per annum, payable semi-annually.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in section four, line
two, to strike out " stock," and insert " bonds."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in section five, line
sixteen, before the word "interest," to insert
" principal and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, in section six, line
seven, befure the word " provisions," to insert
<£ foregoing."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I propose an amendment
now, to be inserted at the end of section one:
Jlnd provided further, That no Treasurvnote shall bo. is-
sued 01 a les-< denomln.uion than ten dollar-;; and that the
whole amount of Treasury noir^ not bearing intei est issued
undei the luuhonfy of tins act khall not exceed $50,000,000.
Mr. KING. I will, simply as an expression
of opinion, move to strike out " ten" and insert
*4 twenty." It is unnecessary to argue the question.
Mr. t'RSSKNDEN. I hope that will not be
done. The matter has boon very thoroughly con-
sidered in committee, and the necessities of the
country are thought to require the provision as it
is proposed.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The amendment of Mr. Fessenden was agreed
to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have one more amend-
ment, to be inserted as section seven:
Jlnd 6c it further caacfctl, That the Secretary ofthe Treas-
ury is heiehy nuthouzed, whenever ho shall deem it expe-
dient, to issue, in exchange (or com, or in payment lor
public dues, TieaMiry notes ol any of the denominations
iteiembelore i-peeiiied, bearing interest not exceeding *ix
percent, per annum, and payable nt. any time not exceeding
twelve inonth-i fiom dale* i'roiidcd, That the amount ol
notes .so issued or paid shall at no turns exceed ,^2(',U0U,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. E ESSENDEN. I suppose there is no need
of making a motion that the numbers of the suc-
ceeding section1*, he chunked
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be done
as a mutter of course.
The amendments were ord'ued to he engrossed,
and the lull to be read a third time. The bill was
read the thud time, mid passed.
KXKCOTIVH SUTTON.
Several messages nt writing were icceived fiom
the President of the United States, by Mr. Nieo-
LAY, h l.< ftrvi rl^i y.
On motion of Air. 11 ALB, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of executive business; and
after sonje time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 15, 1SG1.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton'.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
31 EML;EH sworn IN.
Mr. UPTON". My colleague, Mr. Willi am G.
Brows', from the tenth congressional district of
Virginia is piesent, and desires to be sworn in.
Mr Brown appeared and qualified by taking
the usual oath to suppoit the Constitution of the
United States.
THE BLOCKADE OF SOUTHERN POllTS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, from the Committee on
Comineice, icported the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agn ed to:
Jlc-olvcl, Tn.it the Committee, on Commerce be diiected
to iii-aiHHc an immedi ite nuiuay as to what Jin diet ineas-
urc>- are necussaiy, U any, to make the blockade ol the
poiN of the lebeihous States more erTHcnt, and to airest
the depredations of thy pnates now preying upon American
commeice under pretended letters of maique and reprisal
issued by the rebel government of the so-called southern
confederacy.
WRIT OB1 HABEAS CORPUS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the. House a communication from the Sec-
retary of State, in answer to that part of the reso-
lution of the House of Representatives of the 12th
instant which requested the Attorney General to
lay before the House a copy of the order sus-
pending the writ of habeas corpus.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
ENLISTMENT IN THE NAVY.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Navy, in answer to a resolution
of the House of Representatives of the 10th in-
stant, requesting him to inform theHousewhether
he has issued an order in effect that none but
American-born citizens should be accepted at the
various recruiting stations for service in the Navy
of the United States.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee On Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
WYANDOTTE INDIAN LANDS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House an act of the State Legis-
lature of Kansas in relation to the taxation of the
Wyandotte Indian lands in Wyandotte county;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be punted.
DACOTAII TERRITORIAL GOVRRNMENT.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a petition from the Gov-
ernor and secretary of State of Dacotah Terri-
tory for an appropriation to defray the expenses
of the tenitonal government of said Territory;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
RESIGNATION OF A MEMBER.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from Mr.
Caiilile, stating that, in consequence of his having
been elected uUnited States Senatoi by the Legis-
lature of his State, he had fonvaided to the Gov-
ernor of Virginia his ivsignatipn of the scat which
he had held as a member from the eleventh con-
giossionul district of Virginia; which was laid on
the table.
OENEKAL BANKRUPT LA IF.
Mr. ROriCOR CONKLING. I ask leave to
offer the following resolution:
Hcsolfcdy That a select committee of five members of
tiu-> flmi^e he appointed, to winch shall ho lefened tiic
Mibjeet of a geneial luuloupt law, and that Mich commit-
tee icpoit -it the lie.uregulai se^um o( Coajjie.^ by bill or
othei wu-e.
Mr. WARD. I object.
CLOSE OF THE SESSION.
Mr. NIXON, by unanimous consent, offered
the following lesolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the President of
the Senate iiuil {lie. Spcakei of the lloi^c of Representa-
tives he autlioi ized to oIom-the present session of Congress
by adtounung their respective lloiir-es on Friday, the 19th
day of July, mutant, at twelve o'clock, meridian.
Mr. NIXON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; andalso moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXCUSED FIIOM SERVICE ON COMMITTEE.
Mr. VAN WYCIv. I ask unanimous consent
to be excused from serving; oil the Committee on
Teintories. My business on other committees
renders it necessary that I should ask this favor
from the House.
Unanimous consent was given; and Air. Van
Wycic was accordingly excused.
PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of John Kline, relating to his
contest with Mr. Vurree for a seat on the floor
of this House from the third congressional dis-
trict of Pennsylvania; which was referred to the
Committee of Elections, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call for reports
from committees for reference.
PROTECTION FROM PIRATES.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported the following resolution, and
asked unanimous consent to have it put upon its
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be request-
ed to employ immediately a sufficient force to protect our
commerce from the pirates that now infest our seas.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The resolution is
offered for reference only, as I understand.
The SPEAKER. The rule requires that reso-
lutions shall be received for reference only; but the
gentleman from Massachusetts asks unanimous
consent to have this resolution put upon its pas-
sage.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I understand that
the resolution contemplates the employment of
privateers. If so, I object.
Mr. ELIOT. Do I understand the gentleman
from Ohio to object?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Yes.
Mr. ELIOT. I withdraw the resolution.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If the resolution
be introduced for reference, I have no objection.
I desire that the subject shall be thoroughly in-
vestigated by the House.
VOLUNTEER FORCES.
Mr. CLAIR, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported a bill to increase the
efficiency of the volunteer forces of the United
States; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed,
THE MILITARY ESTABLISHMENT.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, also, from the same
committee, reported a bill providing for the better
organization of the military establishment; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
CALL OF STATES.
The SPEAKER stated that the States would
now be called for resolutions, and that under the
call bills could be introduced for reference.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do not under-
stand that, under the call for resolutions, bills can
be introduced except for reference alone.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour on Mon-
days is set apart for calls ofcommittces for reports
for reference only. If the hour be not consumed in
that way, then the States are to be called, the same
as on other Mondays, for resolutions; and under
that call bills can be introduced, and then they
are subject to the direction of the House.
Mi. VALLANDIGHAM. The question that
I raised was, whether the call was not confined
to bills for reference only?
The SPEAKER. It was dccided last Congress
that the call for lesolutions was not for reference
only; but that the resolutions came in for the
action of the House.
PROTECTION FROM PIRACY AGAIN.
Mr. ELIOT. I offer the following resolution,
which has been considered and approved of by the
Committee on Commerce:
Resjlicl, That the Secretary ofthe Treasury heiequested
to emplo"1 immediatelyasufiicientforce to protect our com-
mcice fiom the pirates that now mtest our seas.
I move the previous question on the passage of
the resolution.
Mr. COX. I move to refer the resolution to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The SPEAKER, That motion is not in order
while the demand for the previous question is
pending.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I trust the House
will allow the gentleman from Massachusetts to
answer the question which I asked before—
whether this resolution does jiot contemplate the
employment of privateers by the Federal Govern-
ment?
Mr. ELIOT. It does not.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. All right,
* The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered; and under its operation
the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
