1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
and, though badly drawn, it is a good one. I vote
stay."
Mr. ANCONA said: I vote "ay;5' but I vote
under protest, not having had an opportunity to
examine the bill.
The result was announced, as above recorded.
Mr. HICKMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SUPPRESSION OF THE REBELLION,
Mr. McCLERNAND. I offer the following
resolution; and if there is any objection, I move
to suspend the rules:
Whereas a portion of the people of the United States, in
violation of their constitutional obligations, have taken up
arms against the national Government, and are now striv-
ing, by aggressive and iniquitous war, to overthiow it, and
break up the Union of these States: Therefore,
Resolved, That this House hereby pledges itself to vote
for any amount of money and any number of men which
may be necessary to insuie a speedy and effectual suppres-
sion of feuch rebellion, and the permanent icstoration of the
Federal authority everywhere within the limits and juus-
dicuon of the United States.
Mr. BURNETT. If my friend will give us
the yeas and nays upon the resolution, I will not
object to it.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Certainly; we want to
get you upon the record, and I calf for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 12] s nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Allen, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt,
Goldsmith F. Bailey, Joseph Baily, Baker, Bauer, llcaman,
Bingham, Fiancis P. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, George
11 Biowm% Rnfiinton, Calvert, Chambeilain, Clark,Cobb,
Collax, Fiedem-k A. Conkling, Roscoe Conklmg, Corning,
Govode, Cox, Ciavens, Curtis, Cutler, Davis, Dawes, De-
lano, Piven, Duell, Dunlap, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards,
Eliot, Ely, English, Fenton, Fessenden, Fisher, Fouke,
Fianchot, Frank, Gooeh, Goodwin, Granger, Guiley,
Ilaight, Hale, lidijehett, Haitison, Hickman, Ilolm.m,
Hutchins, Julian, Kelley, Francis VV. Ke.llogjr> VVilliam
Kellogg, Law, Lazear, Lehman, Logan, Loomi^Lovcjoy,
MeCloinand, McKean, McKnight, Mitchell, Moorhead,
Justin S. Morull, Morris, Nixon, Noble, Nugen, Odell,
Olin. Patton, Perry, 1'ike, Pomeroy, JPortei, Potter, John
H. ilice, Riddle, Edward FI. Rollins, Sedqwick, Shanks,
Sheffield, ^hellabaiger, Sherman, sdloan, Smith, John B.
Steele, William G. Steele, Steven*, Stratton, Benjamin
F. Thomas, Thayer, Trowbridge, Upton, Vandcver, Van
Horn, Van Valkenhuigh, \an VVyek, Voriee, Vibhard,
Wail, Wallace, Oluules W. Walton, E. P. Walton, Ward,
Wa«hburne, Wheeler, Albert S. White, Wmdom, Wor-
cester, and Wiight— 121.
NAYS — Messrs. Burnett, Grider, Norton, Rcul. and
Wood—5.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsidcr on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FRO51 TUB PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by J.G. Nicolay, his Private
Secretary, informing the House that the President
had approved and signed an act entitled "An act
further to provide for the collection of duties on
imports, and for other purposes."
OFFICEHOLDERS UNDER TIIE GOVERNMENT.
Mr. SHANKS asked unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That a committee of live be appointed by the
Spcakei, whose duty it shall he to ascertain the name, age,
place of birth, education, and residence, when, whcie, and
by whom appointed oi elected, of all pcisoin who have held,
or may now hold, office* under the national Government,
whether elected or appointed, either civil, militaiy, judicial,
naval, or executive; and fiom which they have resided,™
jnay lieieaftei icmsii, or have been, 01 may heieafte.r be, re-
moved, on account ot their m pa thy or connection with the
lebellion against the national Government; as well as those
whose term of ofhee may have expired, or may h^iealter
expire, who may so connect themselves with said rebellion •
and that they have power to send for and examine, or ex
amine at the piopei office,ail papeis,recoids,aud pciH)n«,
 en"-saiy to sccuie Hie ptoper information ; and that the>
leportlo this fiotwm lull in writing, together with the tes-
timony in each and every case, at the next regular session.
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman who ofToicd
the resolution will give us the yeas and nays upon
it I shall not object. Otherwise, I must.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Most of the information
called for by that resolution can be found in the
Blue Book.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to the introduction
of the resolution.
UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. ASHLEY, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution, and called the previous
question upon it:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to furnish this House, at the meeting of Congress in De-
cember next, a statistical statement of the amount of busi-
ness transacted in the several circuit courts of the United
States; the number of cases docketed in each circuit and
disposed of each year, from the 1st January 1830, to the 1st
January, 1600; the number ot days each supreme judge was
occupied in the several circuits during each year; the ag-
gregate amounts involved m litigation in each circuit; and
the number of cases undisposed ot on the several cticmt
dockets on the 1st Januaiy, I860.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the resolution was adopted.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. ASHLEY asked unanimous consent to in-
troduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Congress ofthc United States respect-
fully request of the government of the State of Virginia,
during the sitting of the present session of the Legislature
lfbw convened at Wheeling, to retrocede to the United
States the county of Alexandria, which, by cession of Vir-
ginia, for so many years constituted part of the District of
Columbia. And also to cede so much of the county of Fail-
fax, not exceeding one mile square, as shall inciudc that
pa t of the Mount Vernon estate recently putchascd by
ladies of the United States, so that the soil which contains
the saeied remains ot Washington shall be under the ex-
clusive juusdietion of the national Government.
Mr. COX. I object to the resolution for the
present, as I do not understand the purport of it.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. HOLMAN. X ask leave to introduce the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be dis-
chniged from the further consideration of House bill No, 5,
entitled a bill granting bounty land to certain officers arid
soldiers who have been, or v\ ho shall hereafter he, engaged
in the military hcrvicc of the United States; and that said
bill be lefeired to the Commit tee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and made the special order for to-morrow at
two o'clock, p. m.
Messrs.LOYEJOY and BINGHAM objected.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of introducing the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I believe that all busi-
ness from committees is through with, and I move
that the House do now adjourn.
IVIr. POTTER. I appeal to the gentleman from
Illinois to withdraw that motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE. If there is any business
to be transacted, I am willing to withdraw it.
Mr. POTTElt. There is.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. POTTER. I rise to a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Indiana to suspend
the rules for the purpose of introducing his reso-
lution.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I rise to a point of oider. It
is, that the resolution of the gentleman from In-
diana contravenes the rule in relation to the busi-
ness to be transacted this session.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
moves to suspend the rules, which would sus-
pend that standing order.
The question was taken on the motion to sus-
pend the rules; and it was disagreed to—ayes
twenty-four, noes not counted.
CONDUCT OF A MEMBER.
Mr. POTTER. I rise to a privileged question.
I offer the following lesolution, and demand the
previous question upon it:
Iicsolt ed. That the Committee of Elections be diipctedto
inquire v\ hefher lion. Hi.nry May, a Repie^entative in
('ongies«  fiom the lourth district of the State of Maiyland,
has nut been found holding criminal nitereour&c and coi-
reapondenpe with persons m aimed rebellion jurainst the
Gov ei ninent of the United State-; and to make a lepoit to
tlu-5 iIou>e a-  to what action should be taken m the prem-
i-e-i; and that said committee have power to tend for per
son-? and paper-.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will mod-
ify the resolution. The Committee of Elections
is not the appropriate committee to make an in-
quiry of this kind. I suggest that the Judiciary
Committee, or a select committee, would be more
appropnate.
Mr. POTTER. I will modify the resolution
by substituting the Judiciary Committee for the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. HICKMAN. I would suggestthatif this
matter is to be referred to the Judiciary Commit-
tee, the resolution is not sufficiently full to en-
able them to accomplish anything. The commit-
tee must not only have power to send for persons
and papers, but to examine witnesses on oath or
affirmation.
Mr. POTTER. I will agree to that modifica-
tion.
Mr. COX. Now, I ask the gentleman from
Wisconsin to modify* the resolution—for I think
it is very likely it will pass—by addingthe words;
" and said Hon. Henry May be informed of this
resolution, if practicable, before action is taken
thereon."
Mr. POTTER. I have no objection to that
modification.
Mr. BURNETT. I have been endeavoring to
get the ear of the Speaker ever since that resolu-
tion was offered. I desire to enter an objection
to the consideration of that resolution at all.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin has a right to put the resolution in the
shape in which he desires to offer it before that
is done.
Mr. BURNETT. Well, let him get it in shape,
and then I will object.
The resolution, as modified, was then reported,
as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be di-
rected to inquire whether Hon. Henry May, a .Represent-
ative in Congress from the fourth district of the State of
Maryland, has not been found holding criminal intercourse
and correspondence with persons in armed rebellion against
the Government of the United States, and to make report
to the House as to what action should be taken in the
premises; and that said committee have power to send for
persons and papers, and to examine witnesses on oath or
affirmation; and that said Hon. Henry May be notified of
the passage of this resolution, if piacticable, before action
thereon by the committee.
Mr. BURNETT. I submit that that is not a
question of privilege in contemplation of the rules
of the House; and the gentleman cannot offer it
as a privileged resolution, in my judgment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will submit the
question to*the House for its decision. Will the
House consider this as a question of privilege ?
Mr. DAWES. Is that question debatable?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. It
is a question whether the House will consider the
subject at all.
I'he question was taken; and the House decided
to consider the resolution asaquestionof privilege.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to put an interrogatory
to the gentleman from Wisconsin through the
Chair. I sought to put it to the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Blair] on Saturday. It is this:
Mr. Henry May has never taken his seat here in
this House and been qualified as a member. Now,
I simply wish to inquire what jurisdiction we have
over him at all, or what jurisdiction we had over
the gentleman whom we expelled on Saturday
from the House before he ever became a member
of it?
Mr. POTTER. I suppose it is well understood
that the name of Mr. May is upon the roll, and
that he is a member of the House. The charge
contained in that resolution has been made in the
public newspapers of this city; and it is but justice
to Mr. May himself that the charge should.be in-
vestigated. It may as well bo referred to the com-
mittee now as during his presence in this House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM._ Mr. Speaker, I
desire to make one statement in connection with
this subject. 1 believe I have a right to say, and
high authority for saying, that Mr. May went to
the city of Richmond 
Mr. LOYEJOY. I rise to a question of oulet.
I submit that this question is not debatable atVr
•the gentleman from Wisconsin has demanded the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not heard
him demand it yet.
Mr. POTTER. I demanded it when I offered
the resolution.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That was before
the resolution was received.
The SPE.A ICER. That was before the Housf;
entertained the lesolution. There has been no
demand for the previous question sincc the reso-
lution was leci-ivod.
Mr. LOVEJOY. That is a question of fact,
I insist that th ;re was.
