m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I resume:—that
Mr. May went to the city of Richmond with the
knowledge and consent of the Administration,
and with the authority of Lieutenant General
Scott. Beyond that I know nothing; but that
much I have a right to say. .
Mr. WASHBURNE. And I am authorized
to deny that Mr. May went there by the authority
of the Administration. .
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. In justice to the
gentleman whose name is in question here, I make
this statement: he went there with a passport
from the Lieutenant General of the Army of the
United States—which could not have been issued,
I assume, without the knowledge and consent of
the Administration, and with a knowledge, too,
of the purpose for which he went to the city of
. Richmond.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Mr. Speaker, I am not
prepared to say, aa my friend from Ohio has said,
that Mr. May went to Richmond by the authority
of the Administration; but I will say this, that I
have strong and satisfactory reasons to believe
that the Administration was not unadvised of the
fact that Mr. May intended to visit Richmond
and that he afterwards visited that city. I will
say further, that I have reason to believe that
Mr. May went to Richmond on a pass granted to
him by the Lieutenant General.
Now, what Mr. May did after he got to Rich
mond, I am not prepared to say. 1 know him
personally,and believe him to be a patriotic and
loyal gentleman. I am also informed, whetherthe
authority is reliable or not, that Mr. May is de-
tained at this time in Baltimore in consequence
of sickness. Under these circumstances, I put the
question, whether it is just to found an inquiry
of this kind on a mere newspaper report. 1 there-
fore appeal to the magnanimity of my friend from
Wisconsin to withdraw his resolution for the
present.
Mr. RICHARDSON.
Mr. Speaker, I ^
informed this morning by the brother of Mr. May
who is a citizen of this District, and ft. physician
in this city, that his brother was confined at Bal-
timore by severe sickness,and that he had learned
from him that he was thus detained. He asked
me to make this statement to the House, if any
question should arise. He further stated to me
that he was informed by his brother that lie had
been detained in Richmond,after he had reached
that city, by severe indisposition, and was con
sequently unable to leave there until a few day:
ago. He returned to Baltimore, and is now there
prostrated on a bed of sickness. I submit, there-
fore, that it would be exceedingly improper for
this House to take any action in regard to the
matter.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask the gewtleman from Ohio
to yield me the floor for a moment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman asserts that the
honorable member from Baltimore had a pass
given him by the Lieutenant General. Now, I
wish to say that these passes are generally issued
without any reference to the bearer's condition
or position in society, or to his connection with
the Administration. I have had a pass, and have
gone twice even beyond the lines; but I assure
you I.did not go to Richmond.
I suppose that any man can get a pass; but the
fact of his having one does not imply that he has
it for any particular purpose of the Administra-
tion or of the Lieutenant General.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do not wish to
be misunderstood. I weighed well the statement
which I made: that Mr. May went on his mission
to Richmond, which was of a political charac-
ter, a mission of peace, with the knowledge and
acquiescence of the Administration, and by the
authority of General Scott; bearing a pass, not in
the ordinary form, but entitling him to be passed
beyond the lines, and after a conference with
General Scott, disclosing the purpose for which
he went to Richmond.
Mr. STEVENS. On that statement of the
gentleman from Ohio, which we are bound to
suppose true 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM, There is yet higher
authority.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not want higher au-
thority.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do not speak of
myself, but of one higher in power.
Mr. STEVENS. I am not questioning your
authority; but it becomes, I think, the mover of
the resolution to modify it, so as to have inquiry
made<whether Mr. May went there on a political
mission, with the knowledge and consent and au-
thority of the Administration. I want that to be
known in the first place, before we proceed further
with this matter./1 hope the resolution will be so
amended, and will be then passed. I want to know
whether this Administration is tampering with the
rebels. 1 want to know whether there is to be any
negotiation, or parley, or truce, except to bury
the dead, until every rebel lays down his arms.
I hope, therefore, that the gentleman will modify
his resolution, so as to inquire whether, with the
consent and knowledge ctf the Administration and
General Scott, Mr. May went on a political mis-
sion to Virginia. "When he has modified his res-
olution thus, I will vote for it.
Mr. WASHBURNE. If the gentleman will
ermit me, I wish merely to repeat what I said
before—that Mr. May had neither the authority
nor the assent of the Administration to go to
Richmond, whatever pass he may have had from
General Scott.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Calvert,] and call
upon him for a statement ot what he knows upon
that subject.
Mr. CALVERT. I say that Mr. May did go
there by the authority of the Government. I say
that the President stated, in a conversation with
me, that Mr. May called on him and asked, not
authority to go there and speak for this Gov-
ernment, but to go there as a private individual;
and the President, with that understanding, that
Mr. May bore no acknowledgment or authority
from this Government, not only conceded there-
quest, but ashed General Scott to grant him n pass
to visit Richmond, as a member of Congress of
the United States.
Mr. ALDR1C1-I. As a private citizen ?
Mr. CALVERT. No, sir; as a member of
Congress.
Mr. WRIGHT. I raise the point of order,
whether the House can entertain a resolution in
reference to a gentleman who lias not taken his
seat and been actually qualified.
The SPEAKER. The House has just decided
that question on a vote.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to lay die
resolution on the table.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio to withdraw that motion for a
moment, till 1 can make a suggestion.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 do withdraw it
a moment.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mi'. Speaker, a
gestion was made by the gentleman from i\Ias
saehusctts [Mr. Dawes] whether it was not mi-
proper to inquire into the action of a pel son who
is not a member of this House, or in official con-
nection with it. I saw the propriety and force
of the suggestion. The friends, however, of
Mr. May, charge on this floor that he went to
Richmond, at least by the consent, of if not by
the direction, of the Administration. When that
statement was made, it occurred to me that if
Mr. May were acting in any way under the di-
rection or by sanction of this Go vernmcnt, it most
cleaily became our right—yea, more, our duty,
to inquire whether he, with such sanction and
with such authority, was holding communication
with the rebels in actual armed rebellion against
this Government. That would have induced me
to vote for the resolution.
And now 1 say to the friends of AJr. May and
to the friends of the Administration, that when the
charge is made on the one hand that Mr. May
went there as a loyal man, by the sanction of the
Administration, to confer with those in arms
against the Government; and when, on the other
hand, it is said by my colleague [Mr. AV asiibcrmf.]
that such is not the fact, and that the Adnntns- ^
tration have never intimated to Mr. May to pro-
ceed in that matter, it is but just to Mr. May, i
and is but just to the Administration, that this |
question should be investigated. |
For one, Mr. Speaker, 1 am anxious to know |
whether the Government, now raising its hundreds \
of thousands of men, and saying to the people of j
the nation, "this rebellion shall be put down," '
while its soldiers are in the field eager for the con-
flict,and its eagles are flying victoriously in western
Virginia and Missouri, is holding correspondence
with the rebels, by agents, unaccredited as it is
claimed on one side of the House, or accredited as
it is claimed on the other. I am for putting down
rebellion« I am for sustaining the Government;
and to that end am disposed to stand here, day by
day, voting, as I will vote, the last dollar in the
purse of the nation and in the^urse of the citizen,
and the last son of the Republic, to sustain the
Government; and I want to know what part the
Administration is taking in the matter. I there-
fore call upon the friends of Mr. May to let the
investigation be made, and I call on the friends
of the Administration to forward such investiga-
tion. . , . . T
Mr. RICHARDSON. That being the case, I
am not here to suggestany course that shall shield
Mr. May from the fullest investigation. If I be-
lieved there had been m his conduct anything
wrong or improper—-anything that he could not
explain and vindicate fully, if he were here—I
would be the last man to rise in my place in his
defense; but believing that ho can do that, all that
I ask this House to do is not to enter upon the
investigation until he is able to attend.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. it is manifest from
this colloquy that the plainest principles of justice
demand that this House should not pass the res-
olution or enter upon the investigation proposed
at this time. If any inquiry into the conduct of
the Administration m connection with this matter
is desired, let it be brought forward4by another
resolution, and come before us in another shape.
I lenew the motion to lay the resolution on the
table. ,
Mr. BURNETT called for the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 56, nays 82; as follows:
YF.A*>—Messrs. Allen, Ancona, Joseph Baily, George
II. ISiowno, Burnett, Cobb, Conway. Coining, Cox, Cra-
vens, llchino, Dclaphuni'. Dnnlap, EnglMl, Fonke,Glider,
Ilaifrlit, Hard nig, llamson.IIolman, Ilmton,Jackson, John-
son,Law, Laz-cur, Lehman, Logan, McClcrriand, Mallory,
Monzics, Moms, Noble, Nocll, Norton, Nngen, Odell,
(!(>0!<*e II. rend!,'ton. Pony, liichrud-on. Robinson, James
S. Jtolluis, Sheffield, John 15. Steele, William G. Steele,
lSeniainin t'\ Tlionijs.Timvlmdge, Vallandigham, Vibbard,
W.uisuoith, Wallace, W?rd, Chilton A. White, Wood,
Woodiuli", and Wnglit—.">6.
N.Wrt—Messi-i. Aldneh, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Bt^bitt,
Goldsmith F. liailey, Bakei, Baxter, Beamun, liinghain,
France 1'. Blair, S.inmclS. Blair, Wake, Buffinton,Cliam-
boilani, Olaik,Colfax, Fiedenck A. C'onkling,Roseoe Conk-
l.il", t'ovodo, Cuitis. Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Diven, Duell,
Ed i;iton. F.hot, Ely, Fonton, Francliot, Frank, Gooeh,
Gran-er, Ilale. Haticliett, Hickman, Hutehins, Julian,
Kellt-y, Fiancis W. Kclloeg, William Kellogg, Lansing,
Loom!*. Lovi'jov, SlcKe.m, MeKm^iiU MctlHT.-mi, Mecli-
oll,MooYlK'ad, JiMin S.Momll.Nixon, Olin, Patton, Pike,
Pomeioy. I'otti r, Potter, John II. Rice, Riddle, Edwaid H.
Roll III:., V-'dKivie!;, Shank*, Sherman, Sloan, Spauldmg,
Steven1-, Stratum. [T|>lon, Vandever, Van Home, Van Val-
kenhuigli. Van Wvek, Veriee, Wall, Chailes W. Walton,
K. I'. Walton, Wasliburne, Wheeler, Albert S. White,
WiiKlom, and Worcester—52.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The resolution was then passed.
Mr. POTTER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution \vasadopted;and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton-, one of their clerks, informing the
House that the Senate had passed a bill of the
House (No. 18) making additional appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1862, and to supply arrear-
ages m the appropriations for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 18G1; with amendments, in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to call
up that hill for action on the Senate amendments.
I will state that the Senate have made but three
amendments, and that they are informal in their
character. "VP ith the permission of the House, I
will state that the changes amount simply to this:
two of them change an appropriation from one
part of the bill to another, reducing it in one in-
stance and increasing it in another, but leaving it
the same i'l the aggregate.
The third amendment adds a new section,
making the provisions of the bill apply to the
