THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
a cppy of the appointment of P. P. Stanton, as
special agentto Kansas and New Mexico; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
officers of the volunteers called into service for
three years, or for the war, praying that regimen-
tal ana brigade staff officers may be appointed out-
side of the line of company officers, and that three
lieutenants may be allowed to each company;
which was referred to the Committee on Miiilary
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HALE presented the petition of James
Hamilton, praying that the Navy Department
may be authorized to avail itself of an improve-
ment made by him in machinery for curvilinear
and compound bevel sawing; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SUMNEIfc. I present a petition numer-
ously signed by women of the Jiforth, in which
■ thoy pray Congress to propose to any State or
States, beginning with Maryland, which shall
proclaim emancipation within its borders, aid from
the United States Treasury to remunerate the in-
dividuals who, having owned property in such
slaves, would be impoverished by emancipation.
I move that the petition lie on the tabje.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
Mr. POSTER. I ask leave to withdraw the
petition and papers of Frederick Vincent, admin-
istrator of James Le Caze, in order that the peti-
tion may be transmitted to the House of Repre-
sentatives. The case received the favorable action
of the Senate at the last session.
Leave was granted.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 28) to suppress the slaveholders' rebellion;
which was road twice by its title, and ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
29) for the confiscation of property of persons in
rebellion against the Constitution and laws of the
United States; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
MARSHAL 0. ROBEItTS.
Mr. HARRIS. I have the memorial of Mar-
shal O. Roberts, who states that in April last the
Government chartered from him a vessel for the
purpose of transporting troops from Texas to New
York—the Star of the West; that while in the
employment of the Government that vessel was
seized,and he deprived of his property. He asks
that he may be paid the value of tiiat vessel. The
Secretary of War, and other officers connected
with the Government, having knowledge of this
fact, agree that he ought to be paid for it, but
doubt whether they have the power. Under these
circumstances, I ask leave, without notice, to in-
troduce a bill for that purpose.
Leave was granted; and the bill (S. No. 27)
for the relief of Marshal 0. Roberts was read
twice by its title, and referred, with the petition,
to the Committee on Claims.
MESSAGE FROM TOE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that
the House had concurred in the amendments of
the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 18) making ad-
ditional appropriations for the support of the
Army for the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1862, and appropriations of arrearages for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1861.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 35) to amend an act entitled " An
act to establish an auxiliary watch for the pro-
tection of public and private property in the city
of "Washington, and for other purposes;" and
A bill (No. 45) to define and punish certain
conspiracies.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed an enrolled bill (H. R. No. 18) mak-
ing additional appropriations for the support of
the Army for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1862, and appropriations of arrearages for the fis-
cal year ending June 30, 1861; and it was signed
by the Vice President.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Affairs
have had under consideration the bill (S. No. 20)
authorizing the appointment of an Assistant Sec-
retary of the Navy, and fixing the salary of the
same, and have instructed me to report it back to
the Senate, with a recommendation that it do pass.
I do not ask for the present consideration of the
bill; but I give notice to the Senate that I shall
ask for its consideration at an early day.
Mr. HALE. The same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 14) for the reorgani-
zation of the Marine Corps, have had it under
consideration, and have instructed me to report
it back to the Senate, with a recommendation that
it pass, with several amendments; and, if it be
agreeable to the Senate, I should like to have the
amendments adopted now, and then the bill can
lie over until to-morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I prefer that that should
lie over until we pass the naval appropriation bill,
which should take precedence. It has been on
the table for some days.
Mr. HALE. Very well; then 1 simply report
the bill with the amendments, and ask that it be
placed upon the Calendar.
ATTORNEY GENERAl/s OFFICE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary has had before it a bill concerning the
Attorney- General and the attorneys and marshals
of the several districts. I am instructed by the
committee to report it back, with some slight
amendments. I ask that it be considered now.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 16)
concerning the Attorney General, and the attorneys
and marshals of the several districts, was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to charge the Attorney General with the general su-
perintendence and direction of the attorneys and
marshals of all the districts in the United States and
in the Territories, as to the manner of discharg-
ing their respective duties; and the district attor-
neys and marshals are to be required to report to
the Attorney General an account of their official
proceedings, and the state and condition of their
respective officcs, in such time and manner as the
Attorney General may direct. It also empowers
the Attorney General whenever, in his*opinion,
the public interest may require it, to employ and
retain (in the name of the United States) such at-
torneys and counselors-at-law as he may think
necessary, to assist the district attorneys in the
discbarge of their duties, and to stipulate with as-
sistant counsel the amount of compensation. It
further empowers him to increase the clerical
force of his office to discharge the increased duties
occasioned by this act, by appointing additional
clerks, not exceeding two, at an annual salary
not exceeding dollars.
The amendment of the committee was, in sec-
tion three, line three, to strike out the word
"office,"and insert "same;" and in the same
section to strike out, 111 the fifth and sixth lines,
the words "at an annual salary not exceeding
 dollars," and insert "and may fix their com-
pensation at an annual salary not exceeding §1,400
each, per annum;" so that the section will read;
Sec. 3. Jlnd U it, fuithcr cnactcd, That Ihc Attorney
General shall have power to increase the clerical l'oroe ot'
ht;5 office, to discharge the increased duties of the san>e oc-
casioned by this act, by appointing additional elertok not
exceeding two, and may fix then compensation atfan an-
nual salary not exceeding $1,400 each, per annunj?
The amendment was agreed to. /_
The bill wasreported to the Senate as /mended,
and the amendment was concurred in/ The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a tlijpl readinr
was read the third time, aqd passed^
PACIFIC RAIM
The vfcE PRESIDENT. Mere be no fur-
ther reports from the standing committees, the
next business in order is the following resolution,
submitted 011 the 13th instant by the Senator from
California, [Mr. McDocgall:]
licsolrcil, That .1 iaihvay fiom the tciininus of railway
communication west of the Mississippi to the Pacific ocean
is at the present time demanded as a miiitaiy work, and
also from political considerations glowing out of our present
distuibances.
Mr.McDOUGALL. In offering that resolution
to the Senate, it was not my purpose to interfere
with the pressing necessary business of the Sen-
ate; yet, in what is affirmed in the resolution, there
is much more of truth than is generally understood
by Senators, I think. My particular object, how-
ever, has been to present the matter, and at this
early day to organize such a committee as may
prepare for action at the next session of Congress
a measure to meet the demands expressed in the
resolution. It is itself a very important question.
It involves many details and a large amount of
labor. Between now and the next session of Con-,
gress there is much time that may be profitably
employed; and I hope the Senate will consent to
the formation of a select committee to take the
subject into consideration and mature a measure
to answer the demands of the country. I move
that the resolution be referred to a select commit-
tee of five. -
Mr. WILSON. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from California what he proposes to do with
it at the present session?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will answer the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts that I do not propose to
interfere with the necessary business of the ses-
sion, as I have said. If Congress shall adjourn
as promptly as I hope it may, I do not suppose
the Senate will hoar of thisquestion again (luring
this session. I propose to organize a committee
that may take charge of the matter and pursue
such inquiries and make such arrangements as
may be necessary for the production of a bill at
an early day in the next session of Congress.
Mr. WILSON. It seems to me that it would
be better to let the Senator's resolution lie over
until December. I shall not press that sugges-
tion, however; but I think we had better not raise
any committee in regard to it at this session. Wo
cannot, certainly, act on the subject now, and I
doubt whether a committee during the recess can
examine it or make a report. I think the Sena-
tor had better let his resolution go over to the first
Monday of December, and then take it up, and
there will be full time to examine the question.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not expect Senators
to bo able to examine this measure at all during
this session; but there will be an interval of some
four months; and as it is a very important part
of my business in the Senate, I should like to
know to whose hands the matter is to be com-
mitted, so that there may be consultation between
those having charge of it, in order that something
may be matured. I think it will promote the pro-
gress of the measure to organize a committee at
this session.
.Mr. LATHAM. I do not intend to oppose this
motion, because, as the Senate knows very well,
the subject-matter of this resolution is one that my
colleague and myself have more at heart, proba-
bly, than any other measure that can bo brought
bcfoic Congress; and if a committee of this kind
is organized by the Senate, I know of no one who
is better calculated to manage questions of such
magnitude than my honorable colleague, who has
devoted so much of his life and time to the con-
sideration of this subject. I only want to state
what has been my own observation as to the ac-
tion of the Senate 011 this question and the form-
ation of these select committees.
The measure itself is one of such magnitude
and importance that the past experience of these
committees has shown that they really amount to
nothing at all. During the early agitation of the
question, the subject of a Pacific railroad was
universally referred to a select committee. The
subject properly belongs to the Military Commit-
tee of this body, regarding it as a military meas-
ure, or the Post Office Committee, if you regard
it as a postal measure; but its magnitude led the
Senate, as well as the House of Representatives,
duiing Us early consideration, to refer it to a select
committee. The experience of both bodiesshows
this to be the fact: that let as much time and labor
as possible be given in committee to this great
measure, when it gets back into the Senate and
into the House ot Representatives, it has been
heretofore as much debated and criticised by them
in Committee of the Whole as if it was an ori-
ginal measure before those bodies. So much has
this been the case, that during the time I have oc-
cupied a seat on this floor the Senate has uni-
veisally refused to appoint a select committee on
this great measure. 1 know that last winter and
the winter before, when my honorable friend s
predecessor, who had this matter in charge, offered
