1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
K iM5
a railroad bill, it was referred directly to this body
as in .Committee of the Whole, and put upon the
Calendar. An honorable Senator from Illinois,
(Mr. Douglas,) who offered a bill, did the same
thing with it; the two Senators from Texas did
the same thing with their bills. They occupied
a. position on.the Calendar, and at a specified time,
when the Senate proceeded to consider the meas-
ure, all of them were brought before the body as
in Committee of the Whole, the Senate regarding
itself as a better judge—each gentleman having
objections and criticisms to make—in the oigan-
ization and forming of a proper bill, than any
select committee. If the Senate revokes this rule
I have no objection. It may be best, as a great
many new members are on the floor, to do this,
on the suggestion of my colleague that it is not
his purpose to bring forward the measure during
this session, and as it will give time during the
recess to prepare and bring forward a bill, as per-
fect as any committee can make it, at the early
portion of the next session. Having been present
at the discussion of this question at the last ses-
sion of Congress, and heard the objections made
by Senators representing different sections of
country, during the vacation i prepared a bill with
a view to obviate those objections as much as pos-
sible; and it was my intention, if this body took
up general legislation, to offer the tncasuie at an
early period; but the Senate having indicated its
intention to take up no measure at this session
except what immediately related to the troubles
of the country, I of course did not bring forward
this proposition; but if the resolution of my col-
league be adopted, I give notice to the body that
I shall to-morrow introduce the bill that 1 have
prepared, in order that it may be referred to that
committee, and by them considered, with any
other schemes that may be brought before them,
between this time and the opening of the next
session of Congress.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I regret that my colleague
did not inform me that he had prepared a bill on
this subject before I offered the resolution, and
intimated my purpose. 1 do not understand him
to object to the organization of a select commit-
tee.
Mr. LATHAM. Not at all.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If I had known that he
had prepared a bill, 1 should have preferred to let
him introduce it in the first instance.
The motion to refer the resolution to a select
committee was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In what manner
shall the committee be raised?
Mr. McDOUGALL. By the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be con-
sidered as the sense of the Senate, if there be no
objection.
Messrs. McDougall, Pomeroy, Clark, Polk,
and Cowan, were appointed the committee.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were road twice by their titles, and
referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 35) to amend an act entitled "An
act to establish an auxiliary watch for the protec-
tion of public and private property in the city of
Washington, and for other purposes"—to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
A bill (No. 45) to define and punish certain
conspiracies—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
SLOOP-OF-WAR LEVANT.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Affairs,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 21) for the
relief of the widows and orphans of the officers,
seamen, and marines of the United States sloop-
of-war Levant, and for other purposes, have had
the same under consideration, and have instructed
me to report it back, with the recommendation
that it pass; and I am further instructed to ask for
its immediate consideration. It is the same bill
that was passed when the Albany and the Por-
poise were lost. It fixes a time when the vessel
shall be considered lost, so that pensions may
commencc and pay may cease, and gives the rel-
atives twelve months' pay. It is precisely the
same provision the Government has been m the
habit of making in the case of lost vessels for a
number of years. I hope the bill will be passed
at once.
By unanimous consent the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It designates the
30th of June, 1861, as the day on which the sloop-
of-war Levant shall be considered as having found-
ered at sea, for the purpose of fixing the time at
which shall commence the pensions, under exist-
ing laws, of the widows and orphans of officers,
seamen, and marines who were lost on board that
vessel. Italso provides for giving twelvemonths'
pay of any officer, seaman, or marine who per-
ished on board the Levant to the widow, or child,
or children of the deceased; or, in case there should
be no widow or children, to the parent or parents;
and if there be no parents living, to the brothers
and sisters of those who perished on board the
vessel.
The bill further provides that the proper ac-
counting officers shall settle the accounts of An-
drew J. Watson, late purser in the Navy, who
was lost in the Levant, and allow him a credit for
whatever sum appears to be due from him on the
books of the Department.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed a thyrd
reading, read the third time, and passeA
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL. \
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senate\oiake
up House bill No. 19, making additional lafpro
priations for the naval service.
Mr. POWELL. If it is agreeable to the Sen-
ator from Maine, I should like to have the reso-
lution which I offered yesterday, asking for in-
formation from the War Department, taken up
and passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would rather not give
way. That resolution can be taken up after this
bill is disposed of. Theic will be some debate on
the resolution.
The motion of Mr. Fessenden was agreed to;
and the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (IL II. No. 19) making
additional appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1862, and appro-
priations of nrrearagesfor the year ending the 30th
ofJune, 18C1.
The Committee on Finance reported the bill
with several amendments. The first amendment
of the committee was, in section one, in the appro-
priationsfor the navy-yard at New York, to strike
out line one hundred and twelve, in the following
words:
"For the extension of main sewei, $800."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was, in
line one hundred and thirty-one, of section one,
makingan appropriation for the navy-yard at Mai e
Island', to strike out " fifty," and insert " sixty;"
so that it will read:
For repairs to floating-dock and other repairs in the yard.
$60,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert,afterlme one hundred and thirty-one,under
the head of " Mare Island," the following:
For machmeiy lor machine t-hop, $30,000.
The amendment was agreed'to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Those are all the
amendments reported from the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the bill by
inserting, in line thirty-five of section two, after
the word " dollars," the following:
And the Seciotaiy of the Navy is heiebv authoiized to
expend so much of the sum* lemaininsj in the Trea^ui v on
the l>t of Jul v. Ifc61. to the credit ol punting and publica-
tion of sailing ditccuon^, wind and current chaits?, a^tto-
nouncal olwtv.uions, and iiydioginplucul survejs. as may
he necessity for completing the unfinished woik left at the
Obseivatoiyby the late s-upfimtendent.
I will state, Mr. President, that I have not ex-
amined into the meiits of the proposition veiy
much. I have submitted it solely upon the rec-
ommendation of the Committee on Naval Affairs
of the House of Representatives, all of whose
signatures are appended to a note connected with
the amendment, saying that they neglected to add
it to the bill in that House. It makes no addi-
tional appiopriation, but merely authorizes the
Secretary of the Navy to expend a sum of money
already m ins hands, unexpended, in the com-
pleting of certain charts and sailing directions,
which are necessary at this lime. The appro-
priation has already been made.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer another amendment as
an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That no patented articlc con-
nected with marine vugiiies shall be ftureattcr purchased, or
attached to, or used in connection with, any steam vessels
of war until the same shall have been submitted to and
officially recommended in writing for purchase and use by
a competent board of naval engineers..
The amendment was agreed to. . -
Mr. GRIMES. I have one more amendment
to offer as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That in case of a vacancy in
the office ot engineer in chiefoftheNavythe appointment
thereto f-hall be made troni the littot chief engineers,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to haycan
explanation of the amendment. I did not object
to the other one because that seemed to be neces-
sary ; but the Committee on Finance are very de-
sirous to keep general legislation off these appro-
priation bills altogether. The other amendment
seemed to be exceedingly important, and there-
fore 1 did not raise any objection to it.
Mr. GRIMES. My motive in introducing the
amendment was simply this: whenever there isa
vacancy in the offico of thoengineer-m-chief, there
is always an effort made to appoint some man
outside of the Navy, who has never had any con-
nection with it, to that office. An effort of that
kind was made in March last. Four years ago a
similar effort was made, and it was also made four
years preceding that. Now I simply wish that
this engineer-in-chief shall always be appointed
from the line of the scrvice, from the number of
chief engineets, that one of them shall be ranked
tip, who has had some experience, some familiar-
ity, with the duties of the position. The amend-
ment is right in itself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I agree perfectly with the
Senator from Iowa, that the amendment is right
in itself; but, sir, I cannot agree that this is the
right place to put it. There arc half a dozen bills
from the Senator's own committee—the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs—connected with the organ-
ization and reorganization of the Navy in one
way or another, now upon the table, all of which,
or certainly some of which, will be acted upon.
Upon one of those bills the amendment will be
perfectly appiopriate. Upon this it is entirely
inappropriate; and it would be opening the door
to a great many abuses which I wish to avoid as .
far as possible.
Mr. GRIMES. There is no bill reported that
is appropriate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, yes; any bill in re-
lation to naval affairs is appropriate. Theamend-
ment that was previously adopted had relation to
the expenditure of money, was a saving of ex-
penditure, and seemed to be in some degree appro-
priate to the bill, and therefore I did not object to
it. This I consider to beeniirely otheiwise, and
I really hope my friend from Iowa will withdraw
it, and put it upon a bill where it more properly
belongs. I think it is proper in itself; but if the
door is opened to this legislation upon general
subjects connected with the Navy upon these ap-
propriation bills, we shall have difficulties over
and over again in relation to it, as we have expe-
rienced heretofore; and I say now, sir, so.far as
I am concerned, I mean to oppose m every case,
unless it is one of pressing necessity, which can-
not be accomplished in any other way, this attempt
to legislate on general subjects—subjcctscomiectrd
even with the bill under consideration—upon ap-
propriation bills. I think wo shall save a great
deal of difficulty by inaugurating a new state of
things in that regard. If the Senator from Iowa
desiies to have this amendment mad*, he is a
member of the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
that committee has half a dozen bills here, upon
any one of which it might go, and therefore I
hope it will not be nut upon this bill.
Mr. GRIMES. My experience here has taught
me that it is utterly futile to war against the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance. His eloquence
and will and persistency are such that it is useless
for me at any time to press any amendment that
I may desire against his wishes; and therefore I
withdraw the proposition, hoping that I shall
receive his support when 1 offer it to some other
bill.
Mr. HALE. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs to offer an amendment to the
bill, as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That the sum of $8,000 be ap-
propriated for the printing of one tliyusaad sets ot the watch
