1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
137
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 appealed to the Senate
to support me in keeping from the bill everything
that did not properly belong to it, even though it
was $100. Now, that this is $800,000 seems to
me a stronger reason for acting on the principle.
There is no existing law that lam aware of which
renders it necessary to make a further appropri-
tion for this purpose. I am not prepared to give
a definite opinion as to the merits of this vessel;
there are others who know much more about it
than I do. Certainly, twenty years ago the first
appropriation was made to build this vessel. It
was then represented, I think, that she was to be
completed for ($400,000.
Mr. THOMSON. Six hundred thousand dol-
lars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Four hunded thousand,
I think. I was in Congress at the time. It is not
a new subject to me. The Government has ex-
pended #500,000, and now the demand is to appro-
priate $800,000 more to complete the vessel, and
there is not the slightest proof adduced that any
one officer of the Government is in favor of it;
thatany board of officers of the Navy was in favor
of it; or that any living man, except the individ-
ual, a very respectable gentleman, who desires to
complete it, wants to have this sum appropriated.
In the present state of the Treasury,upon a mat-
ter so entirely doubtful, about which we have no
recommendation from any officer of the Govern-
ment; no report from any board of Navy officers;
no report from engineers; as the Yankees say,
" nothing from nobody," I think it was hardly
worth while to crowd on this bill a debate which
must necessarily be a long one, on a subject of that
description. I hope that the Senate will reject it.
Mr. THOMSON, t think the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Finance must have for-
gotten the recommendation in the report of the
Secretary of the Navy, and I will read it:
" It is nearly twenty years since a gentleman of New
Jersey, possessing wealth and talenr, projueted the con-
struction of a floating battery, and tho Government aided
the woik by a liberal appropnation. Tin* death of tlns^en-
tiertian a few years since interrupted the prosecution of this
experiment; and application has been iccentlymadebyhis
surviving brother, the authorities of New Jersey, and oth-
ers, for additional means to carry it forward to completion.
The amount asked is of such magnitude as to rcquiic f-pe-
cial investigation by a competent boaid, who shall report
as to the expediency and practicability of the experiment
before so large an expenditure should he authorized."
The amendment that I have introduced from
the Committee on .Naval Affairs carries out the
views of the Secretary of the Navy precisely. It
authorizes him to appoint a board of examiners,
and upon their report, if it is a favorable one, he
will proceed, and we give him the means of com-
pleting this great battery. That is the recom-
mendation on which wo act; and if this is not a
proper subject to go on a naval appropriation bill,
1 do not know what is. I cannot conceive of any-
thing that is proper for it, unless such an appro-
priation as this. I have read the report ot the
Secretary of the Navy, and I can say to the Sen-
ate that the Secretary of the Navy has informed
me that he desired that an additional appropria-
tion should be made for this purpose. That was
the object of his report.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no desire to trespass
upon the time of the Senate, and would not do so
but for the fact that, after the statement made by
the Senator from New Jersey as to the action of
the Naval Committee, my vote oil this occasion
will be inconsistent with what is reported to be
my previous action. I have not been present my-
self at any meetingof the Naval Committee when
authority was conferred on any gentleman to in-
troduce this proposition. I have been told that
such authority was granted; and, so far as i was
concerned, I did authorize the Senator from New
Jersey to present it, but I did not recommend it;
but I stated, at the same time, that I should not
vote for this appropriation.
As I understand it, Mr. President—I have not
looked much into the matter—there have been
about seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars
already expended on what the Senator very prop-
erly denominates this machine, by the Govern-
ment and by Mr. Stevens; and itis now proposed,
with this appropriation, to pay him the excess
that he has expended over the appropriations
that have heretofore been made, and to expend
$600,000 more, and in great uncertainty, too, as
to what will be the value of the machine when
completed.
1 understand that there are gentlemen here
presentin the city who are willing to contract with
the Government to deliver to it, within ninety days
from this time, armed gun-boats carrying six
heavy guns on a side, and two large pivot eleven-
inch guns, for $140,000. They do not ask the
expenditure of a dollar by the Government until
the boat shall be completed, and shall be tested'
and shown to be able to be propelled by the ma-
chinery they are to put in her, at the rate of eight
miles an hour. I do not know anything about
the responsibility of the gentlemen who make
this proffer to the Government, and, at the same
time, I do not know anything about the value of
the armed vessel when she will be built; but if
we are going into the construction of vessels of
this kind, it jvould certainly be a great deal better
for the Government to build three or four of these
armed gun-boats at a cost of §140,000 each, and
with no obligation resting upon us to receive them
from the contractors unless they shall answer
the reports which they make to us in regard to
them, than it would be for us to expend $800,000
in the completion of this battery.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will my friend allow me
to call his attention specifically to what the Sec-
retary says, which may have escaped the atten-
tion of Senators? The Secretary of the Navy,
instead of recommending this appropriation, says:
" Tlie amount asked is of such magnitude as to require
special investigation by a competent boaid, who shall re-
port a> to the expediency and piacticability of the experi-
ment, befoie so laigc an expenditure shall be authorized."
Before you make the appropriation, have a
board. That is precisely my objection.
Mr. THOMSON. That is not what he in-
tended. I will say a single word in reply to my
friend from Iowa. The vessel which he speaks
of was one which some contractor, whom I do
noj. know—he was in our committee-room this
morning—proposes to furnish. He wants to build
a vessel ninety feet long and forty-five feet broad,
with two hundred horse power, [Mr. Grimes.
Pour hundred,] to go eight miles an hour, and
curry six guns; and he says he can do it for a
certain sum of money—$140,000, [ believe. What
n difference between that machine and this of
Stevens's! That is to go eight miles an liour, when
it is reduced to a certainty that Stevens's machine
can very readily go twenty-one miles ail hour.
Two hundred horse poweragainsteightthousand
horse power; four hundred feet against ninety
feet! There is all the difference in the world.
While I am up, I will say another word in an-
swer to my friend, the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance. He said, very confidently, that
the sum at first appropriated was ^600,000. I
think he will find, on examination, that it was a
sum not exceeding the cost of the Mississippi or
the Missouri, and I think that amounted to
§580,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may be.
Mr. THOMSON. Five hundred thousand dol-
lars was paid by the Government, and they re-
tained $80,000 in their possession, to be held until
the vessel was completed, and that is due; and an
appropriation was made, I think, three years ago,
ill the Senate of the United States for that §80,000.
I have no doubt of the practicability of the plan;
and I believe, myself, it will be the best thing we
can possibly have in these times. We have ex-
pended $500,000; it is estimated that it will take
$800,000 more to complete this vessel and make
her as efficient as a whole navy. Now, if we make
no further appropriation, what we have spent is
all gone.
I am very sorry indeed to occupy so much of
the time of the Senate, but 1 will say further that
the engineers ill charge of the works which are
being erected at Sandy Hook, say that they must
have" a floating battery, for the purpose of pro-
tecting the port of New York. That fortification
which they are erecting at Sandy Hook will pro-
tect one of the modes of ingress; but there is
another, which cannot be protected in any other
way than by a floating battery, for which this
vessel would be admirably adapted. I hope the
amendment will prevail.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I have no special charge of
this matter, sir, and therefore I do not propose
to make any extended remarks; but inasmuch
as the Legislature of our Stale, which did, at the
special session in the month of May last, pass
a bill to raise $2,000,000 to aim and equip the
troops of that State, for the purpose of conungto
the protection of the capital and the Union, also
passed joint resolutions requesting Congress to
pass an appropriation for the purpose of complet-
ing the construction of this steam battery, I feel
myself called upon to say a word or two in favor
of the appropriation. If the joint resolutions had
been sent to me, it would have given me pleasure
to have the honor of presenting them to the Sen-
ate now in session.
This is a very large sum of money, it is true,
sir. The exigencies of the public service demand
large expenditures. 1 understand from very high
quarters, that prior to the making of the recom-
mendation contained in the report of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, he did dispatch a competent
officer to visit this battery, and in consequence
of that report, this recommendation was made
conditionally in the form in which it is. This
vessel is particularly designed for harbor defense;
but by reason of its tremendous power—over eight
thousand horse power, I think—it will, when
completed, not only be efficient in harbor defense,
but will be an engine of swift and sure destruc-
tion to the enemies of the Union anywhere along
the coast, or in the harbors of the coast. It is of
such a character, so shielded and protected, that,
according to the judgment of the most scientific
men, it can go into any harbor along our coast.
It can run between the forts in the harbor of
Charleston with, perfect defiance, and, by reason
of its proposed armament, can destroy any bat-
tery now in existence in the hands of the dis-
unionists; and we have thought, our Legislature
thought at the session to which I refer 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
yield. The time has arrived for the considera-
tion of the special order.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Just one word. I apolo-
gize for referring to my State; but as we had sent
our troops from the fields and workshops, and
were stripped of defense, we thought an appro-
pi iation might well be made for the purpose of
protecting our harbors adjoining New York, as
well as the harbor of New York.
APPROVAL OF PRESIDENTIAL ACTION.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
assigned for half past one o'clock is the joint res- ^
olution (S. No. 1) to approve and confirm certain
acts of the President of the United States for sup-
pressing insurrection and rebellion, the question
being on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Mr. President, the
grounds of opposition to the joint resolution now
before the body have been very fully stated by
the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Polk] and by
my colleague, [Mr. Powell.] I have heard no
defense of this joint resolution offered by the ma-
jority party m the Chamber. Under ordinary
circumstances I should content myself with a
simple vote; but regarding tho subject as one of
immense importance, I am unwilling to see the
resolution pass without a brief expression of the
reasons of my opposition to it.
It proposes, sir, after enumerating certain acts
of the President done since the 4th of March last,
to declare that—
" All oftlie extraordinary acts, proclamations, and orders,
hereinbeloie mentioned, be, ;md the same are hereby, ap-
proved and deelnred to he in all respects legal and valid,
to the same intent, and with the same effect, as if they had
been issued and done under the previous express authority
and direction of the Congress ot'the United .States."
The joint resolution would seem, upon the face
of it, to admit that the acts of the President were
not performed in obedience to the Constitution
and the laws. If that be true, I should be glad to
hear some reasons assigned by gentlemen show-
ing the power oftlie Congress of the United States,
by joint resolution, to cure a breach of the Con-
stitution or to indemnify the President against
violations of the Constitution and the laws. If,
m any respect, that officer has violated the laws,
he has also violated the Constitution; because one
clause of that instrument declares that " he shall
take care that tfae laws be faithfully executed."
It confers on him tho power to see that they are
executed; but no power to violate them.
I difny, Mr. President, that one branch of this
Government can indemnify any other branch of
the Government for a violation of the Constitu-
tion or the laws. The powers conferred upon the
General Government by the people of the States
are the measure of its authority. Those powers
