138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
havlbeen confided to the different departments,
and the boundaries of those departments determ-
ined with perfect exactitude. The President has
his powers and rights conferred on him by the
Constitution; the legislative authority its powers
and rights; the judicial authority its powers and
rights; and I deny that either can encroach uppn
the, other, or that either can indemnify the other,
for a usurpation of powers not confided to it by
the Constitution. Sir, Congress, by a joint res-
olution, has no more right, in my opinion, to
make valid a violation of the Constitution and the
laws by the President, than the President would
have by an entry upon the executive journal to
make valid a usurpation of the executive power
by the legislative department. Congress has no
jnore right to make valid an unconstitutional act
of the President, than the President would have
to make valid an act of the Supreme Court ot the
United States encroaching upon executive power;
or than the Supreme Court would have the right
to make valid an act of the Executive encroaching
upon the judicial power.
To say that Congress, by joint resolution, may
indemnity the President against a breach of the
Constitution is substantially to declare that Con-
gress may alter the Constitution in a manner not
provided by the instrument; may add to it or take
from it. If a bare majority of the two Houses
of Congress can, by resolution, make that con-
stitutional and valid which was unconstitutional,
by the same authority it may confer upon the
President in the future powers not granted by the
Constitution; so that, sir, in whatever aspect the
subject may be viewed, it appears to me the prin-
ciples involved in this joint resolution are utterly
subversive of the Constitution, and contain the
very essence of a Government without limitation
of powers. I had supposed that these general
principles were too clear and too well recognizcd
in this country to need statement or illustration.
But it may be well, Mr. President, to inquire,
has the President of the United States assumed
powers not delegated by the Constitution or the
laws' 1 speak not now, sir, of many acts of the
President not enumerated in this resolution. I
shall confine myself, for the present, to the enu-
meration here. 1 think that the acts hero enumor-
q atod were usurpations on the part of the Exec-
utive of the United States; and that so far from a
resolution being passed ratifying and approving
them, I think the Chief Magistrate of the coun-
try—and I have a right in my place to say it—
should bo rebuked by the vote of both Houses of
Congress.
The President of the United States, first, has
established a blockade of the whole southern
coast, and an interior blockade of the chief rivers.
By what authority has ho done it' Where is the
clause of the Constitution that authorized him'
An attempt was made at the last session of Con-
gress to confer the authority by bill. It did not
pass. Congress refused to grant this authority
by law in face of the fact that seven States had
then withdrawn from tlie Federal Union. Will
any Senator say that the power exists, under the
Constitution, upon the part of the President to
establish a blockade? It is an incident of war,
sir; it is the exercise of the war power; and the
Constitution of the United States declares that
Congress shall pass an act to declare war, or ex-
ercise that power.
But, Mr. President, since no argument has been
made in favor of the constitutional right of the
President to do this tiling, I might rest the case
here. I propose, however, to fortify what I have
said by a little authority. 1 remember, sir, during
the last session of Congress, that questions arose
here in regard to the right of the President to
collect the revenue without the ports of the seceded
States, or the right of the President to institute
a blockade; when the late Senator from Illinois
(Senator Douglas) delivered a speech upon this
floor against the power to blockade those ports,
which was not only not answered, but, in my
opinion, was unanswerable. 1 jead a brief ex-
tract from what he then said, it was a speech
delivered upon the loth day of March last in this
body: *
" But we are told that the countiy is to be precipitated
into war by blockading all the southern ports ; blockading
ports within the United States; blockading our own ports
with our own Army and Navy! Where is the authoiity
for that? What law authorizes the President of the United
States to blockade Federal ports at discretion ? He has no
more authority to blockade New Orleans or Charleston than
he has to blockade New Yoik or Boston"—
Remember, the state of facts which exists now-
existed then. Those States had set up a govern-
ment of their own, and withdrawn from the
Union—
"nnc] no more legal right to blockade Mobile than Chicago.
Sir, I cannot consent that the President of the United
States may, at his discretion, blockade the ports ot' the
United Stales or of any other country. He can do only
what the Constitution and laws authoiize him to do. He
dare not attempt to obstruct commerce at the mouth of the
Mississippi liver, or at Mobile, or at any other port in the
seceded States, or even those that have remained loyal to
the Constitution and to the Union. The intimation that
he is to do this implies a want of rcspect for the integrity
of the President, or an ignorance of the laws of the land
on the part of those who arc disturbing the harmony and
quiet of the country by threats of illegal violence."
At this point, the Senator fromNeW York [Mr.
King] suggested that, under the right to prevent
smuggling, the President might have the power
to blockade the southern coast; to which Mr.
Douglas replied:
" I am not talking about smuggling. It is his duty to en-
force the laws of the land m respect to smuggling. But,
sir, it is not his duty to prevent smuggling in any other mode
oi by any other means than those provided by law. „ Will
the Senator fiom New York intimate to the Senate and to
the coimtiy that, under the pretextol preventingsmuggling,
the President can close a port created by law, and stop all
commeice connected with it? Will he intimate that, under
suspicion that it the revenue cutter allows a vessel to en-
ter the poit of New Oileans she will not pay any duties,
therefore the President will pi event In r going thetc ? The
law gives him no such power, no such discretion. The
suggestion, thereiorc, of the Senator from New York, that
these ports ot the United States are to be blockaded by the
Navy at the dinciction of the President, under pretense of
preventing smuggling, only shows how loosely even Sen-
ator* talk about the powers and duties of the President. It
is not necessary to aigue the question. There is no law
that authorizes it. To do the act, or attempt it, would be
one of tho&c high crimes and umu patterns that woukljustly
subject the President of the United States to impeach-
ment."
That, sir, was the language uttered by that Sen-
ator at that time. 1 will read also a few words
uttered by one who ought tn he authority with
many in this Chamber, and, indeed, ought to be
an authority with all Americans upon questions
of constitutional law. it is an extract from some
remarks made by Daniel Webster, during; the
troubles in South Carolina iij 1835-33, when it was
suggested thatPiesident Jackson would blockade
the port of Charleston. That eminent statesman
uttered the following language:
" Fir, for one, I protect in advance against such remedies
a* I have heard hinted. The Adminiftration itself keeps a
piofound silence, but its friends have spoken for it. We are
told, sir, that the President will immediately mnploy the iiul-
itaiy foico, and at once blockade Chmleston ! A military
remedy, aiemcdy by direct military opeiation, has thus been
suggest, d, and nothing else has been tuggostcd,as the in-
tended means of presei ving the Union. Sir, there is no little
reason to think that this suggestion i*truo. We cannot be
altogether unmindful of the past, and therefore we cannot be
ahogethei unapprehensive foi the Intme. For one, [ raise
my voice befoiehand asramst the unauthorized employment
of mihtaiy power, against superseding the authority of the
laws by au armed toice, under pretence of putting down
nullification. Tin* Pi evident has no authoiity to blockade
Charleston ; the President has no authority to employ mil-
itaiy force, till he shall be duly required .so to do, by iaw,
and by the civil authorities. His duty is to cause the laws
to be executed. IIis duty istosuppoit the civil authority."
Sir, I approve these sentiments uttered by these
eminent men. They were formerly regarded as
sound and true, and 1 trust the time will come
again when it will not be considered treason to
maintain them.
It is proposed, sir, to approve and make valid
the act of the President in enlisting men for three
and five years. I ask you by what authority of
Constitution or law he has done this act? The
power is not conferred in the Constitution; it has
not been gi anted by the law. It is, therefore,
an unconstitutional and illegal act of executive
power. The President, of his own will—and that
is one of the acts enumerated in this joint resolu-
tion which it is proposed to approve and ratify—
has added immensely to the force of the regular
Army. The Constitution says that Congress shall
raise armies, and a law now upon your statute-
book limits the number of the regular force, offi-
cers and men. Hence, sir, that is an act in dero-
gation both of the Constitution and of the laws.
The President has added immensely to the
Navy of the United States. The Constitution
says that Congress shall provide and maintain a
navy; and there is now a law upon the statute-
book limiting the number of men to be employed
in the Navy. That, like the rest, sir, will not
bear argument. I doubt if an attempt will be
made to defend it upon constitutional or legal
grounds. I pronounce it a usurpation.
Again: this resolution, after reciting the author-
ity conferred by the Presidentupon the Command-
ing General of the Army," to suspend the writ of
habeas cot-pus at any point on or in the vicinity of
any military line between the city of Philadelphia
and the city of Washington," and leciting the
fact that " he did, on the 10th day of May last,
issue a proclamation authorizing the commander
of the forces of the United States on the coast
of Florida to suspend the writ of habeas corpus,
if necessary/' proposes to ratify and make that
valid. Mr. President, we have had a good deal
of talk about rights, the rights of States, and the
rights of individuals; some of them have been
said to be shadowy and imaginary 5, but the right
of every citizen to be arrested only by warrant,
and his right to have his body brought before a
judge, the judicial authority, in order that the
grounds of that arrest may be determined upon,
is a real right. There can be no dispute about
that. It is a right of rights. It belongs to all—
high, low, rich, poor. It is especially the right
of that class whom his Excellency the President
calls plain people. It is a right, the respect for
which is the measure of progress and of civiliza-
tion. It is a right that has been struggled for,
fought for, guarded by laws, and locked up in
constitutions. To have maintained it by arms,
to have suffered for it, and then to have estab-
lished it upon foundations so immutable that the
authority of the sovereign cannot shake it, is the
chief glory of the British people, from whom we
derive it. I need not say to the Senate that in
England, whence we derive this right, the legis-
lative power alone can suspend it. We all know,
sir, that the monarch of England cannot suspend
that writ; but transatlantic freemen seem to be
eager to approve and ratify acts which a Euro-
pean monarch would not dare to perform.
Mr. President, it needs no elaborate argument
to show that the executive authority of the Uni-
ted States has no right to suspend the writ of
habeas corpus. I content myself here, unless some
defense be offered upon this floor, with referring
to tfie fact, that the privilege to suspend the writ
in ease of rebellion or invasion is classed among
the legislative powers of the Constitution. That
article of the Constitution which refers to the pow-
ers of the President, executive powers, touches
not the question. I may add, tiiat upon no oc-
casion has it ever been asserted in the Congress
of the United States, as far as I recollect our his-
tory, that this power exists upon the part of the
Executive. On one ^nemorable occasion in our
history, Jefferson thought a period had arrived
when, perhaps, that writ might properly be sus-
pended. He did not undertake to do it himself.
He submitted the question to Congress. He did
not even recommend that it should be done; and
in the long debates that occurred in this and the
other branch of Congress upon the question of
suspending the writ, which finally was not sus-
pended, not one intimation was given by any
speaker in either House, as far as I remember,
that the power existed on the part of the Presi-
dent. I then point to the Constitution, and ask
Senators who desire to approve this act, to point
me to that clause in it which gives the right, or
deduces it by fair construction from any provis-
ion of that instrument.
What part of the Constitution is it, sir, which
confers upon the President the right to do this act
more than upon any other officer, executive or
judicial, of the Government? Surely it is not that
portion of the Constitution which declares that
he shall take care that the laws be faithfully ex-
ecuted. The most eminent commentators on the
Constitution of the United States concur in say-
ing that it is purely a legislative act. Justice
Story, one of the most eminent judicial lights of
New England, in his Commentaries on the Con-
stitution, declares it to belong to the Legislature,
and not to the Executive. The Supreme Court
of the United States have determined that Con-
gress alone can suspend the pnvilege of the writ.
Upon a recent occasion, in a case which arose in
Maryland, the present Chief Justice,in an opin-
ion which has never been answered, and never
will be answered, exhausts the argument, and
makes all other reference to the subject idle and
superfluous.
Sir, one of the worst signs of the times, I ven-
