1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
I
ture to say here, is the manner in which that opin-
ion has been received. A subordinate military
officer in the city of Baltimore arrests a private
citizen by military force withoutjwarrantof law,
and confines him in a fortress. r-Iis friends at-
tempt to get out a writ of habeas corpus before the
Chief Justice of the United States, and the reply
is that he will not be delivered*up by the mili-
tary. The Chief Justice then gives an opinion,
which has commanded the respect and acquies-
cence, not only of the profession of which lie is
so great an ornament, but of almost all thought-
ful men in the country; and, sir, 1 must express
my admiration for the prudence and the wisdom
of those who, while they are determined that the
military power shall usurp the judicial authority,
do not undertake to defend it. The newspapers
of the country, and men excited .by the violent
passions which mark the times, have denounced
the Chief Justice, but they have not answered his
opinion. There it stands, sir; and it is one of
those productions which will add to his renown.
The abuse of the press, the refusal to respect just
authority, the attempt to make that eminent ju-
dicial officer odious, will yet recoil upon those
who attempt it. I honor him, sir—I honor him
for the courage with which he did his duty, as
well as for the calm, temperate, conclusive man-
ner in which he performed it. I am glad that he
pet remains among us, a man so remarkable for
lis honored length of years, for his eminent pub-
lic services, and for the rectitude of his private
life, as that he may be justly ranked.among the
most illustrious Americans, living or dead.
You propose to make that valid; you propose
to appioveit, without making a defense of it either
upon constitutional or legal grounds. "What will
be the effect, sir ? In approving what the Presi-
dent has done in this regard in the past, you in-
vite him to do the like in the future; and the whole
country will he prostrate at the feet of executive
power when, in the opinion of the President, the
the time shall have come to suspend the rights
of individuals, and to have substituted military
power for judicial authority,
Mr. President, although there are but few of
us here who take the view of the Constitution and
of right which I am advocating to-day, I trust
that we will not, under any circumstances, fatl to
protest, in temperate, hnt manly language,against
what we consider usurpations of the Constitution.
Let me call the attention of the Senate and the
country briefly to other acts, against which, in
my place, I protest m the name of the Constitu-
tion, and in the name of the people I represent.
You have, sir, practically, martial law estab-
lished till over this land. The houses of private
citizens arc searched without warrant. The right
of citizens to bear arms is made nugatory by their
being taken from them without judicial process,
and upon mere suspicion. Individuals are seized
without legal warrant and imprisoned; and they
cannot be taken from prison by judicial process.
They are taken upon suspicion and confined by
military authority. The other day, since Con-
gress met, a military officer in the city of Balti-
more appointed a marshal for that city. Will
any man defend that act? Is it not martial law?
Does it not override all other law' Is it not sub-
stituting the will of a military commander for the !
laws of the land? What more authority had that
officer to appoint a marshal for the city of Balti-
more than lie had to appoint ;i pastor for one of
its congregations, or a president for one of its
banks? The Constitution undertakes to guard the !
right of the people against unreasonable searches )
or seizures, or any seizure without warrant of
judicial authority. Has not the President of the
United States, by one broad and sweeping act,
laid his hands upon the private correspondence of j
the whole community, ranging through some one ]
or two years? Who defends it as conformable to [
the Constitution? * I
I am told, sir, (and if I had the power to do it, I
I would have it inquired into in the name of the !
public liberties,) that at this moment, in the city 1
of Washington, in the jail of this city, are hidi- i
viduals who have been taken by the nulitdi-y i
authorities, in Maryland, in other States, and m j
this District, who now lie hero and cannot be !
got out by judicial process; and in some instances J
such an oblivion, in the hurry of events, has ;
come over the imprisonment that it has been ab- i
solutely forgotten. I was told by a Senator of I
one instance in which a man was seized by mili-
tary authority without any process of law what-
ever, put in jail here, and remained perhaps
for some weeks, forgotten—forgotten, sir, as if
he had been in the Bastile. His friends at last
made application atone of the Departments of the
Government. They looked into his case, found
nothing against him, and he was ultimately dis-
charged; but in the rush of events the very exist-
ence of the man and the cause of his imprison-
ment had been forgotten.
^ Mr. President, we may pass this joint resolu-
tion to approve these acts; we may upon the face
of the joint resolution make them valid; but we
cannot make them valid in fact. I know, sir, that
Congress, in the exercise of its legislative func-
tions, may appropriate money which has been ex-
pended by the President without warrant of law;
but whatever unconstitutional act he may have
committed cannot be cured by a joint resolution of
Congress; but stands there, and will stand forever,
a breach of the Constitution. Nor can this
Congress, by a joint resolution, prevent any suc-
ceeding one from holding any officer of the Gov-
ernment responsible for any violation of the Con-
stitution. I enumerate what I regard as usurpations
of the Executive to go upon the record as a protest
of those of us who are not willing to see the Con-
stitution subverted, and the public liberty tram-
pled under foot, under whatever pretext, of neces-
sity or otherwise.
The Constitution declares that Congress alone
shall have power " to declaie war." The Presi-
dent has made war. Congress alone shall have
power " to raise and support armies." The Pres-
ident has raised and supported armies on his own
authority. Congress shall have power " to pro-
vide arid maintain a navy." The President has
provided an immense j^avy,and niaintainsitwith-
out authority of law. The Constitution declares
that no money shall be taken from the Treasury
except in pursuance of appropriations made by
law. The President has taken money from the
Treasury without appiopiiations made by law
for the purpose of carrying out the preceding un-
constitutional acts. One of the amendments to the
Constitution declares that—
" A well-i emulated miiitia being necessaiy to the security
of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear
aims bhall not be infringed."
They have been disarmed, and disarmed with-
out criminal charge and without wariant. Oneof
the amendments to ihe Constitution declares that—
" The right of tin; people to be necurc in their perf-ons,
house--, papoi<, and effect^, against unreasonable sentehes
andsei/.im:-:, shall not be violated; and no wanants --hall
is:-uo but upon probable cause, supported by oath or affirm-
ation, and paiticulaily desenbtmr the place to be seaiched
and the persons or things to be seized.''
The people have not been exempt from unrea-
sonable searches and seizures. Their property
has been taken from them; theirhouses have been
searched without authority of law, and by a pure
military authority.
u No peison"—
Says one of the amendments to the Constitu-
tion—
"shall be held to answer for a capital or otheiwise infa-
mous ciime, unless on ft pioscntment oi nidictmcnt of a
giand jury.1'
Many persons have been held to answer for in-
famous crimes without presentment or indictment,
and without warrant, by military authority. The
same amendment continues:
"Not shall be compelled in anyctimina! case to be a
witness acane-t himself, noi be depnved ol'lile, Ubeity, or
property, without duo pioeo-s of law "
Citizens have, by military authority, been de-
prived of liberty and property without due process
of law.
These great and fundamental rights, sir, the
sanctity of which is the measure of progress and
of civilization, which have been carefully guarded
and locked up in your Constitution, have been i
trampled under foot by military power, are being '
now every day trampled under foot by military
power here and hereabouts m the presence ofthe
two houses of Congress; and yet, so great upon
the one side is the passion of the hour, and so
astonishing the stupid amazement on the other, j;
that we receive it as natural, as right, as of course, jj
We are rushing, and with rapid strides, from a jj
constitutional government to a military despotism, jj
The Constitution says the freedom of speech ij
and of the press shall not be abridged. Three days 11
ago, in the city of St. Louis, a military officer,
with four hundred soldiers—that was his warrant
—went into a newspaper office of that city, re-
moved the types, and declared that it should no
longer be published, giving, among other reasons,
that it was fabricating reports injurious to the Uni-
ted States soldiers in Missouri. Mr. President,
is there a Senator here, is there a citizen in all the
land, who will say that the slightest color of
authority exists on the part of a military officer,
either to deprive a citizen of his liberty without
warrant, or of his property, or to suppress the
freedom of the press ? We are told in the same
dispatch that the proprietors of the papersubmit-
ted, and intended to make their appeal—where,
and to whom? To the judicial authorities? No,
sir; but to Major General Fremont when he should
reach St. Louis; to appeal from General Lyon to
General Fremont. The civil authorities of the
country are paralyzed,and a. practical martial law
is being established all over the land. The like
never happened in this country before,and would
not be tolerated m any country in Europe which
pretends to the elements of civilization and regu-
lated liberty. George Washington earned the
thirteen colonies through the war of the Revolu-
tion without martial law. The President of the
United States cannot conduct the Government
three months without resorting to it.
Mr. President, I presume every Senator'here
has read the opinion of the Chief Justice to which
I have referred. I content myself by reading a
few extracts from the close, as expressive of my
opinions of the public danger. The Chief Jus-
tice says:
" The Constitution provides, as I have before said, that
'no peison should be deprived ot life, liberty, oi property,
without due piocess ot law.' It declares that' therightof
the people to be secure in their pci^on*,, houses, papeis, and
effects, against umea«onal)le seaiches and seiztnes, shall
not be violated, and no warrant shall issue but upon piob-
able cause, supported by oath or nfthmation, and particu-
larly do&eubmg the placc to be seaiched, and the persons
or things to be seized.' It piovides thatthe paity accused
shall be entitled to a speedy tnal in a court of justice.
" And these gteai and lundnnumtal law®, which Congress
itself eould not Mi-pend, have been dtsiegard'jd and sus-
pended, like the wiit of habeas corpus, by a military order,
supported by force of aim«. Such is the case now betore
me, and 1 can only xa\ That if the authority which the Con-
stitution has confided to the judiciary department and
judicial ollicer>, may thus, upon any pretext or under any
circumstances, be usuiped by the mihtaiy power at its dis-
cretion, the people ot the United States are no longer living
under a Government ot laws, but every citizen holds lite,
liberty, and piopeiiy, at the will and pleasure of the Army
officei m whose military district he may happen to be
found.5'
I cannot say whether this great judge will be
able to pieserve the Constitution of his country;
but we owe him, and posterity will owe him, a
debt of gratitude for the vindication of the prin-
ciples of constitutional liberty and of personal
liberty which antedated and possibly may survive
the Federal Constitution.
Then,Mr.President,the Executive ofthe United
States has assumed legislative powers. The Kx-
ecutivc of the United States has assumed judicial
powers. The executive power belongs to him by
the Constitution. He has, therefore, concentrated
in his own hands executive, legislative, and judi-
cial powers, which, in every age of the world, has
been the very definition of despotism, and exer-
cises them to-day,while we sit in the Senate Cham-
ber, and the other branch of the legislative author-
ity at the other end of the Capitol. What is the
excuse; what is the justification; what is the plea?
Necessity. Necessity? I answer, first, there was
no necessity. Was it necessary, to preserve the
visible emblems of Federal authority here, that
the southern coast should have been blockaded?
Did not the same necessity exist when Congress,
at its last session, refused to pass the force bill,
that existed at the time the President assumed
these poweis? As Congress refused to do it, and
adjudged thattheie was no necessity at that time,
what was the additional necessity afterwards?
Was it necessary, until Congress should meet,
to the existence of the Union of these States,
and of its Constitution, that powers not confer-
red by the instrument should be assumed? Was
there any necessity for overrunning the State of
Missouri ? Was there a necessity for raising the
largest armies ever assembled upon the Amer-
ican continent, and fitting out the largest fleets
ever seen in an American harbor? What I mean
to say is, that there was none of that overriding
necessity for present preservation and existence
