THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
it bears on what I am now saying, I prefer, not to
be interrupted.
Mr. BINGHAM. The#question I wished to
ask did bear on what the Senator was now saying.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will hear the Sen-
ator.
Mr. filNGHAM. I wish to ask the Senator
if he denies that the present rebellion is a slave-
holders' rebellion ?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I do, sir. I have
n.o'doubt that the question of slavery, and their
rights as connected with that institution, as they
understand them, had a great deal to do first with
the controversies which preceded the separation,
and then with the act of separation itself; but it
is perfectly manifest to any one who takes the
trouble to make himself acquainted through the
public press and otherwise with the opinion in
those States, that whereas the proportion of slave-
holders to non-slaveholders is very small, the
sentiments of the population are almost unani-
mous, without regard to the ownership of that
description of property. Allow me to ask the
Senator a question. Does he approve the title of
that bill, and of what is represented to be con-
tained in the body of it?
Mr. BINGHAM. I have not read the bill.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I have told what it
contains. Does the Senator think it an appro-
priate title for a bill, and does he approve the con-
tents of the bill?
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not know what are the
contents of the bill; but I do approve of its title.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The Senator did not
answer the other part of my question. I will ask
him whether he is in favor of freeing the slaves
in the seceded States' ■
Mr. BINGHAM. I will answer the Senator
that I agree entirely with the remarks of the hon-
orable Senator from Connecticut. If it be a ne-
cessity, I am.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I am very happy
that I asked the Senator the question, and that he
has answered. I regret to hear that answer; I
regret that the fact is so; but it serves to bring the
rmnd of the country to consider the actual con-
dition of affairs, and. the danger which is impend-
ing over us.
Mr. President, there were some other aspects
of this question which I proposed to discuss; but
I will not now. I may, or I may not, at some
time during the session, speak of them. The field
is a boundless one. I say I may, or I may not,
speak of them. I am quite aware that nothing
which the few of us who arc hero, who take the
same views that I do, can utter, will have the
slightest effect; and I would not now detain the
Senate with these broken and plain remarks, but
that I consider it a public duty.
Mr. President, some of us came to this session
of Congress with a lingering hope that something
might yet be done to avert war; with a hope that
words of peace might be heard from the Ex-
ecutive Mansion, or, if not there, might be heard
from the Halls of Congress. We have been dis-
appointed. In one branch of Congress, it is out
of order to propose peace; and here it would be
vain and idle. I have no proposition to make;
none would be listened to; certainly none could
succeed. But let the country know that war, un-
relenting war, is resolved upon, and that the Con-
gress of the United States has deliberately refused
to embrace perhaps the last opportunity that was
offered to avert the horrors of this internal strife.
Unconditional submission, it is said, is the al-
ternative of war. What man's influence could or
would produce this result? I know, you know,
Senators, that there is no human power that could
induce a peace upon those terms; because ten mil-
lion pe'ople, earnest and sincere, never yet sur-
rendered at discretion. The man who speaks of
peace is looked upon with suspicion, if he is not
openly accused of treason.
Let it also be remembered, history will record '
the fact, that when efforts were made at the last [
session of Congress, earnestly and peisistcnfly j
ntade, to heal our then existing difficulties, the I
gentlemen of the majority refused to listen to any 1
terms,although what has since happened was pie- i
dieted. It was stated upon the floor of the Sen- '
ate, by the late Senator from Illinois, and I hap-
pened personally to know the fact myself, that
the leading statesmen of the lowei southern States
were willing to accept the terms ofsettlement which
were proposed by the venerable Senator from Ken-
tucky, my predecessor. Senator after Senator,
most of them from the southern States, a number
from the northern States, offered and pressed here
termsofadjustment. Everything was rejected and
everything was refused. Was it worth while to
bring the country to this condition for the sake of
a political platform ? Was it worth while, for the
purpose of getting an opportunity to vindicate the
power'of the Government at the expense of the
Constitution, to bring the country to this condi-
tion; to obstinately reject every proposition for
adjustment ?
My colleague has this moment handed me the
bill that bears the novel title, " A bill to suppress
the slaveholders' rebellion-" The enacting clause
of the bill, as might have been anticipated from
the title, reads as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
from and after the passage of this act, there shall be no sla-
very or involuntary servitude in any of the States of this
Union that claim to luLve seceded from the Government
and are in open and armed resistance to the execution of
the laws and the provisions of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
I believe that is to be carried out by a procla-
mation of the President:
Jinrf be it further enacted, That immediately after the
passage of tins act, the President of the United States shall
cause his proclamation to he issued, setting foith the im-
mediate and unconditional emancipation of all persons held
as slaves in any of the aforesaid States under the Jaws
thereof, and also oidering all officers to give protection to
all such emancipated slaves, and to accept the services of
all who may tender thein in behall of the Government, if,
in the judgment of such officers, such services shall be use-
ful or necessary to the prosecution of this war.
It is not only a congressional act of emancipa-
tion, but it is intended to arm the slaves against
the masters. It is not only to confiscate the whole
property, but it is to foment a servile war. That
is a proposition offered m the Senate of the Uni-
ted Sta^s! Sir, I shall find myself denounced in
the newspapers to-morrow morning as a ma<i who
was uttering treason here, for speaking a word in
favor of the Constitution; but not one word will
be uttered against a Senator who deliberately pro-
poses to trample that Constitution under his feet,
and to plunge the country into all the horrors of
civil and of servile war.
Why argue the question further ? I have done,
sir; I shall trouble the Senate no longer. I know
that argument and appeal are all in vain. The
Senate pants for action. I shall not, for my part,
longer delay it. I have cherished all my life on
attachment to the Union of the States under the
Constitution; and I have always revered that in-
strument as one of the wisest of human works.
Now, I seo it put aside by the Executive of the
United States, and that act about to be approved
by the Senate; and 1 see proceedings in regard to
it which, in my opinion, will not only subvert the
Constitution but destroy the public liberty. It is
vain to oppose it. I am quite aware thut, in the
present temper of Congress, one might as well
oppose his uplifted hand to the descending waters
of Niagara as to reason or to appeal against the
contemplated proceedings. The few of us left
here who are faithful to our convictions can only
look with sadness upon the melancholy drama that
is being enacted before us. We can only hope that
this flash of frenzy may not assume the form of
chronic madness, and that in any event Divine
Providence may preserve for us and for posterity,
out of the wreck of a broken Union, the priceless
principles of constitutional liberty and of self-gov-
ernment. [Applause in the galleries.]
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, obtained the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to address myself
to this noise in the galleries. It has been an-
nounced here repeatedly—and I should not rise
now if I did not suppose then1 wore some persons ;
in the galleries who did not understand it—that, j
by the rules of the Senate, these manifestations, :
either of approbation or disapprobation, require |
the Presiding Officer to clem the gallei ies. I wish j
it to be distinctly understood that I shall insist
upon the enforcement of the rule if the offense is
repeated. I would insist upon it now, but 1 sup- '
pose there are m the gallei ies persons who did not-
understand the rule. Any manifestation of ap- j
plause or of disapprobation requires that the gal- i
lencs be cleared, and kept cleared; and I give i
notice that that will be done, if it is repeated.
Mr. LANE,ofInd:ana. Mr. Piesident, the joint
resolution out of which this debate has grown is
a resolution to confirm certain acts and proclama-
tions of the President of the United States, per-
formed and issued during the recess of Congress.
Gentlemen take a technical objection against the
action of the President, and say that he has viola-
ted the Constitution of the United States. I re-
member an incident, I think in Roman history,
where an African pro-consul was required t<^
swear that he had not violated the laws of Rome;
instead of which, with uplifted hand, he swore
that he had saved the Roman republic. And what-
sover differences of opinion may this day exist in
reference to the action of the President, I take it
for granted that every intelligent patriot in the
land not only believes, but knows, that the Presi-
dent has saved the Republic, by his energetic and
patriotic action since the 4th of March. I sanction
and approve everything that the President has
done during the recess of Congress, and the peo-
ple sanction and approve it, and there is no power
this side of Heaven that can reverse that decision
of the American people. I not only sanction all
that they have done, but I sanction all that they
are soon to do. When your victorious and con-
quering columns shall sweep treason out of old
Virginia; when they shall make that old Com-
monwealth a fit residence for the patriotic de-
scendants of her revolutionary fathers, I shall
sanction and approve that. Isanctionand approve
the use of force now, at once, immediately; and I
would shake that traitorous Commonwealth as
with an earthquake tread of a hundred thousand
armed men.
What is it that the President has done since the
last meeting of Congress? First, he has declared
a blockade of the southern ports; and gentlemen
tell us there is no constitutional authority for that.
It is the first duty of the President to see that the
laws are faithfully executed. We have a tariff
law imposing duties upon foreign importations.
That has been disregarded by the seceding States;
they have assumed to pass a tariff act different
from ours. That law of Congress cannot be en-
forced by the ordinary course of procedure under
your collections of revenue at the proper ports
established by law.^There is no higher power in
the Constitution of the United States delegated to
the President than the power to " take care that
the laws be faithfully executed." These high and
extraordinary powers, although not perhaps tech-
nically granted in the Constitution, result as an
incident to the war power, which is invoked,and
constitutionally invoked, under that provision of
the Constitution which authorizes the President
to use force to suppress insurrection and to put
down rebellion. I sanction, then, the proclama-
tion establishing a blockade.
The next objection is to the declaration of
martial law, by which the writ of habeas corpus
_was suspended. I only regret that when the writ
was suspended, the corpus of Baltimore treason
was not " suspended " too. It is necessary to the
enforcement of the laws and to the preservation of
the Union that this writ of habeas corpus should
be suspended; and the Constitution of the United
States says, in express terms, it may be sus-
pended in case of rebellion and insurrection. Then
the whole question comes to this: who is to judge?
Where is the discretion lodged? Clearly with the
President of the United States; and itcan be safely
lodged nowhere else. Suppose an insurrection
breaks out during the recess of Congress: the
President is sworn to uphold the law and the Con-
stitution; he finds armed rebellion; has he no
power to put it down? May he not use all proper
power to put down armed rebellion? I approve,
then, the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus.
What more does the honorable Senator from
Kentucky say ? That General Washington pros-
ecuted the revolutionary war to a successful term-
ination without ever suspending the writ of ha-
beas corpus. That is true. He \yas in a contest
with a foreign foe—a foe recognizing some of the
usages of civilized and Christian warfare. Here
we are engaged ill entirely a different war, where
our enemies are in our midst. What would gen-
tlemen do? What would they have the President
do? Suppose my distinguished friend from Ken-
tucky had been elected President, and seven States
hfd seceded and levied war against the United
States, and were with an embattled host threat-
ening to take and capture the capital: what would
have been his action? Would he have folded his
arms? No, no. He, I doubt not, would have
