1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
made a blow to defend the Union and the Con-
stitution of the United States. Then what else
e.ould he have done than President Lincoln has
done? If, as I suppose he does, the 'distinguished
Senator from Kentucky echoes public opmiun in
Kentucky, or intends to echo public opinion there,
I have no doubt that that proud Commonwealth
would have sanctioned and approved and advised
the very step the President has taken to vindicate
the laws and to defend the Constitution of the
United States.
But another charge which he made against this
Administration—that private papers were seized.
I* suppose the honorable and distinguished Sen-
ator from Kentucky refers to telegraphic dis-
patches. They were seized, but not quite soon
enough, as I think; and still they have proven a
California placer of treason. It was right and
proper to seize them. It was right to seize the
dispatches to vindicate the character of honorable
Senators on this floor. I have read to-day a let-
ter placed in my hands, in which iL is stated that
a distinguished Senator upon this floor said that
Lincoln's Congress should not be permitted to
convene here upon the 4th of July, but should be
confronted with Representatives of fifteen south-
ern States. Now, sir, that is a charge in the
public press •
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Will the Senator
allow me a moment?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Certainly.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Does the Senator
refer to me ?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The article in the
paper refers to the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. 1 have to say, sir;
that 1 never, at any time, took the ground that
the Congress should not be convened here on the
4th day of July. On the contrary, I took the
ground that the convening of this Congress would
be the time to make the last effort for peace. Al-
low me to add one word. I have answbred this
because I thought, under the circumstances, it was
due to the Senate and to the country. My rela-
tions with the Senator from Indiana have been
of a character which led me to suppose that he
would not intentionally perpetrate an unkindness
or even a rudeness. I cannot feel towards him as
I might do towards others who would do the act
which he has justcommitted. lie mustallow me
to pay that, under the circumstances, Itthink the
conduct was hardly becoming m a Senator to rise
without having accosted me privately on the sub-
ject. and make that a question in the Senate.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I have given the dis-
tinguished Senator from Kentucky an opportunity
to disavow the sentiment. I was proceeding to
say that I know nothing whatever of its truth. I
was using it for this purpose, to show that the
seizing of those dispatches might be necessary to
vindicate the character of Senators on this floor.
Certainly nothing unkind was intended by me.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I was aware that
nothing unkind was intended by the Senator, and
hence/m alluding to him personally, I framed my
answer as I did. •
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I have only this to
say: I had seen the charge before, and had seen
no denial. Hence I used it.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I have seen a thou-
sand. I do not pretend to deny a charge against
me now.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Now, Mr. President,
the next count in the indictment of the distin-
guished Senator from Kentucky——
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Will the Senator
pardon me for a moment? As I said, I never pre-
tend to deny the charges in the newspapers that
I see against me now. I will deny one other, and
it shall be the last. I tried this system of denial.
I was represented to have uttered some sentiments
in Kentucky, not long ago, m one of the leading
papers of the State, and 1 authorized a friend to
contradict it. The sentiments attributed to me
were so atrocious that I thought I was warranted
in having them contradicted. They were con-
tradicted m a friendly press on my authoi ltyThe
day after they were contradicted the paper in
which they originally appealed came outlaying:
<s We see ihey aie contradicted by authority; we
guess they are tiue." That was the reward I had
for denying a slander of that sort.
The only other newspaper matter which I will
contradict is this: I saw it stated that the Gov-
ernor of Kentucky and myself sent a telegraphic
dispatch to Mr. Jefferson Davis, or to some mem-
ber of the southern confederacy, stating that Ken-
tucky was ready to contribute seven thousand men
to sustain the cause, <&c. 1 do not know what
else; perhaps that we were going to precipitate
her into revolution; but I recollect that was the
leading idea. I have to say, that that is totally
unfounded and false. I had no such correspond-
ence of any kind; and I am happy to be able to
say, in regard to the Governor of my Common-
wealth, who is one of the best abused men in
America, as he is one of the best men in America,
that I asked whether it was true in regard to him-
self, and he informed me that it was equally false.
Now, sir, I shall deny nothing more.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Mr. President, an-
other count in this indictment is that citizens have
been imprisoned without any authority of law,
which amounts to precisely thefirsicharge, to wit:
that martial law has been declared under the
proclamation ofthePresidentinsomefew localities
where it was eminently necessary. Citizens of
Baltimore have been imprisoned under military
authority, and, as I believe, have been rightfully
imprisoned. When a New England regiment
cannot march through the city of Baltimore to
defend the capital without being attacked and
shot down by a mob, it is time that the military
authority should do what the civil authority was
not able to do—suppress and put down that un-
authorized mob. I sympathize with the true and
loyal citizens of Baltimore. I sympathize with
the patriotic soldiery of Massachusetts who were
coming to defend the capital. I have no sympa-
thy to waste upon armed traitors and rebels. I
leave others to pronouncc their eulogy, and to
show them sympathy.
Another charge is, that the President has vio-
lated the Constitution of the United States in this:
that he has disarmed citizens; refused them the
privilege, under the Constitution, of bearing arms.
Sir, it is true that he has refused traitors the priv-
ilege of using arms against the Government of
"the country. General Lyon, of Missouri, and
the gallant Frank Blair, and their associates,
did disarm some fifteen hundred rebels at Camp
Jackson, near St. Louis; and for that we are told
they are violators of the Constitution. What
other instance does the Senator from Kentucky
remember in which the right to bear arms has
been refused to any citizen? The President has
not only guarantied, by his action, the right to
bear arms, but ho has invited the patriotic citizens
of the United States to bear arms for the only
noble purpose for which men can take arms—in
defense of the Constitution and liberties of the
people. Is the right to bear arms in Kentucky
so sacred that it may never be violated ? Then,
why do you not bear arms in defense of the Con-
stitution and liberties of the Republic? Theieis
a right to bear arms that is woith something.
Does Kentucky stand upon the right to beat-
arms? Why is she not bearing arms? upon the
battle-field to-day, beside Massachusetts and In-
diana and Ohio, and the loyal States ? Why does
she not insist upon her right to bear arms, when
traitors are seeking; to tear down the Government
under which we live? The right to bear arms,
forsooth, is a forgotten right in the chivalric old
Commonwealth of Kentucky. I have listened
for her voice in this war; I have heard it not; and
why? Because her action is, as I believe^ para-
lyzed by the couise of her State authorities; but,
on the first Monday of next August the true
voice of old Kentucky will he heard, and you will
have a two thirds majority in favor of loyalty to
the Union, and the places that know her distin-
guished Governor now, will soon know him no
more forever.v
Another count in this indictment against the
Administration is, that they have put down trea-
sonable newspapers. The Administration have
shown a forbearance beyond all parallel m history.
There is no government of constituted authority
upon earth that would have tolerated either the
treasonable utterance or publications of t hese trai-
toiss. I say that I not only appiove of the destruc-
tion of that St. Louis paper, hut I rejoice at it, us
an evidence of returning common sense in those
who are to defend the Government of the country.
One word, before t forget it, on the subject of
this war, and the object of the war. There is no
war levied against any State, or against any State
institutions. The President has called out troops
to suppress insurrection, and put down rebellion.
These are the objects for which your troops have
been called into the field. The abolition of sla-
very is no object contemplated for which this war
is to be prosecuted. But let me tell gentlemen^
that although the abolition of slavery is not an
object of the war, they may, in their madness and
folly and treason, make the abolition of slavery
one of the results of this war. That is what 1
understand to be precisely the position of the
Administration upon the sub ject of this war.
Thegentleman closes his very able and eloquent
speedSi with the assumption of a position and doc-
trine that I do not for one moment admit; and that
is, that the States made this national Union of
ours. I have read wrongfully, and to little pui-
pose,the history of the convention that formed
the Constitution, if that is historically correct. I
understand the people ofthc United States to have
made this Constitution; and so Webster under-
stood it. Was he a constitutional lawyer—that
man whose congressional speeches are text-books
of constitutional law in every law school in Eu-
rope and America? He held that the Union was
the result of the spontaneous action of the people
of the United States.
This doctrine of State rights, as opposed to the
rights of the General Government, under the Fed-
eral Constitution, is a most dangerous and pesti-
lent heresy, which underlies this whole contro-
versy. Out of that idea, and one other idea, the
present disastrous state of things has-been brought
upon the country. The idea of social, political
inequality among the respective members of the?
Confederacy, underlies this war at its very foun-
dation. We are to teach them, I hope, a lesson
of respect for the North; we are to teach them a
lesson of equality. Claiming to be the superiors
of no man or no section, we claim to be the peer
and equal of the proudest member of this Confed-
eracy; and wheresoever the troops of the loyal
States have met the rebels in arms, they have
illustrated that lesson, at least, in American his-
tory. They have performed prodigies of valor,
which were not surpassed in the days of Greek
and Roman glory, I am proud of this demon-
stration of public opinion and northern prowess-.
Whatever else this war may do, that one thing it
will do—it will teach a lesson of equality for a
thousand years; nay, more, it will add a thousand
years to the glorious lifetime of this, the only true
Republic upon the earth
So much for these objections to what the Pres-
ident of the United States has done. But the
closing argument, after all, and that upon which
the gentleman places most stress, is, thatan effort
was made at the last session of Congress to give
to the President this very power, and that the
Congress of the United States refused to pass t^at
bill. That is true; and why' Because the vacant
seats around us were then filled by traitors, many
of whom are now in arms against the Republic.
For that reason, and that alone, we failed to con-
fer this power upon the President of the United
States. I do not desire to be misunderstood in
reference to the doctrine of subjugation. First it
was "coercion," and then " subjugation," of
which we heard so much. What ie the history
of this tei m coercion ? It occurs first in a manu-
script letter, now being published, from James
Madison, the father of the Constitution,in which
he took the ground that the right to coerce obedi-
ence to all the Federal laws was necessary to the
very existence of the Constitution. There is
where it first occurred. When General Wash-
ington invoked the authority of the Government
to put down the whisky insuirection m Penn-
sylvania, did anybody croak of coercion or sub-
jugation? Wlun General Jackson invoked by
his proclamation the same power to crush out
treason in South Carolina, did anybody hear of
this " odious doctrine of coercion r!' When it was
necessary to call for the power of the Army and
Navy to arrest a fugitive slave in Boston, did
anybody talk about coercion ? No, sir. The
power to coerce is the power to enforce obedience.
A Government without it is a mockery. No
Government can exist without the power to en-
force obedience to its laws and dccrc^s. It is of
the very essence of all government that the power
to coerce the disobedient and the rebellious should
exist and should be recognized.
But the gentleman says he is glad that the peo-
