14A
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16.
pie have their attention now directed to the true
posture of American politics. I am glad that the
people have their eye turned in the same direc-
tion. In the last sixty days, four hundred thou-
sand troops have volunteered to defend the stars
and stripes, and to defend the Constitutiion. There
is no parallel in all human history to the wide-
spread enthusiasm which has pervaded the whole
people. The nearest parallel is when Peter the
Hermit preached a crusade for the recovery of
the Holy Sepulcher; and our cause is little less
sacred than that for the recovery of the grave of
the Saviour of mankind, for we propose acrusade
in defense of the Constitution, the rights oStenan,
and the liberties of ihe American people.
I understand by coercion, a right to march,
troops wheresoever the Government desires to
march them. You hear much said about the in-
vasion of a sovereign State. Who can invade a
State? The home Governmentor a foreign Gov-
ernment? Virginia is to-day as much a part of
the United States as Indiana, and the President
has as much right to march troops there, and I
hope is now engaged in marching troops there for
the purpose of crushing out rebellion. Let us
stand by the compromises of the Constitution.
Let us hereafter send all our pacific messages to
traitors at the mouth of the cannon. Let the
politicians reflect honestly the will of the people,
and your volunteer soldiers will crush out this
rebellion' without leaders and without officers
They have determined to do this very thing.
Butgentlemen say how, from the ruins, will you
reconstruct the Republic ? Wo do not contemplate
any destructiontf the Republic which involvesa
reconstruction. We intend to protect the Union
men of the border States, to foster the Union sen-
timent, to get up a counter-revolution, Which will
lay all secession and treason in ruins. That is
what we propose to do. Weexpect soon to read-
mit Tennessee into the Union, as we have recently
readmitted old Virginia; we expect soon to read-
mit .North Carolina; and we expect to present,
in six months, an unbroken front to all foreign
Powers, no single star erased, the light of no star
obliterated by treason in any part of the country.
When we get the seceding States properly repre-
sented upon the floor of the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, then we shall have nothing to do but
to punish the last remains and remnants of this
most disgraceful rebellion; and the remedy, after
all, is a Kentucky remedy; we propose—hemp.
That is the remedy for treason; not under mob
law, but under indictments m courts. We pro-
pose to have courts and judges sworn to support
the law, and who will abide by that sacred oath.
When this is done, I promise you that treason
and rebellion will be buried forever.
Senators, I have regretted the necessity that
compelled me to speak for a few moments on this
occasion; but it was ail occasion, it seemed to me,
that called for utterance. If I had refused to raise
my voice in defense of the Constitution and liber-
ties uf the: country, the'very stones would have
criedout in mutiny. It is a time when patriots,
without treachery, cannot be silent. We differ
about this great question; but there is no diversity
of opinion in reference to the transcendent im-
portance and magnitude of the discussion in which
we are engaged. If I have made myself suffi-
ciently understood, I have accomplished my pur-
pose. I sail under no false colors. Whatever I
honestly believe, that I boldly avow; and upon
the avowal of those sentiments I take my stand
before my constituents and the people of the Uni-
ted States; nay,-more,I am willing that these sen-
timents should be inscribed as an epitaph upon
;riy tombstone. I desire no prouder eulogy than
" there is a man who humbly discharged las duty
to his country and his God, and dared to think
there was something sacred ill the nature of an
oath to support the Constitution of the coun-
try."
Mi. WILSON. The Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Bayard] has given us notice that he desires
to address the Senate on thus resolution; and for
that purpose, I move that it be postponed until
Thursday, at one o'clock, and on that day I shall
endeavor, if possible—and I hope to be sustained
in it—to obtain a vote in the Senate. I make this
motion to postpone at his request; and m the
meantime we can take up some measures now
pending before the body.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
propose to make this the special order for Thurs-
day ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; at one o'clock.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I name Saturday. We
want to get on with our business, and then dis-
cuss the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the longest time. The first question will be
on postponing the resolution until Saturday.
Mr. WILSON. I hope that will not be done.
Mr. LATHAM. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, that probably we may get
through with the business before Saturday. The
House of Representatives has passed a resolution
to adjourn on Friday. If we can get through
with our business, of course wc shall concur in
that resolution.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will not insistupon the
amendment. All I wished to express was a de-
sire that the practical business of legislation should
take precedence of this discussion. If Thursday
will answer, I will consent to fix Thursday.
The motion of Mr. Wilson was agreed to; and
the joint resolution was made the special order
for Thursday next, at one o'clock.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridge, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the following bills, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 20) to provide for the suppression
of rebellion against, and resistance to, the laws of
the United States, and to amend the act entitled
u An act calling forth the militia to execute the
laws of the Union, &c.,,> passed February 28,
1795;
A bill (No. 33) for the relief of the widows and
orphans of the officers, seamen, and marines, of
the United States sloop-of-war Levant; and
A bill (No. 46) to authorize the Secretary of the
Navy to employ temporary clerks.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 13) to provide for the
appointment of assistant paymaster?; in the Navy.•
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate with
amendments, in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 9) to alter and regulate the Navy
ration; and ,
A bill (No. 3) to authorize the employment of
volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and pro-
tecting public property.
The message further announced that the House
had concurred in the amendment of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 14) to authorize a national
loan, and for other purposes.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 move that the Senate
resume the consideration of the naval appropria-
tion bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 19) making addi-
tional appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1862, and appro-
priations of arrearages for the year ending the
30th of June, 186]; the pending question being on
the following amendment, offered by Mr. Thom-
son, from the Committee on Naval Affairs:
Insert after hue twontj-five :
For completing the iron steam battery at Hoboken, Now
Jersey, being elected undoi the Mipeiuitendenee of Edwin
A. Ntevcn-4, E-,(|.,aMim notexccedmff«^8l'2.000 ; Provided,
the ^ecjonu v oi the Navy, upon ,\n '-vanumition being made
l y a board ot examiners to by appointed by him, shall deem
it expedient to complete the s.amc.
The amendment was rejected—ayes two, noes
not counted.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the
amendments made as in Committee of the Whole
were concurred m. The amendments were or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be lead a
thud time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and refened as indicated below:
A bill (No. 20) to provide for the suppression
of rebellion against and resistance to the laws of
the United States, and to amend an act entitled
"An act calling forth the militia to execute the
laws of the Union," &c., passed February 28,
1795—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (No. 33) for the relief of the widows and
orphans of the officers, seamen, and marines, of
the United States sloop-of-war Levant—to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
A bill (No. 46) to authorize the Secretary of
the Navy to employ temporary clerks—to the
Committee on "Naval Affairs.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 16, 1861.
^The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
LAWS OF "WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the laws
of the Territory of Washington; which were re-
ceived, and referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
PUBLIC BOOKS.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution. It is a proper inquiry, in view
of the resolution adopted yesterday.
Mr. B1NGPIAM. Is it for reference?
Mr. BURNETT. It is merely a resolution of
inquiry.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That tlie superintendent of the folding-room
furnish this House with the number of books, documents,
&c., to winch members are entitled in States which have
not sent Representatives here, a full and complete hs>t
of the number and character of said books, &c.5 and the
names of the members who were entitled to the same.
There was no objection; and the resolution was
adopted.
INCREASE OF THE NAVY.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is th£ call of committees for reports.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Mr. Speaker, a resolu-
tion was passed yesterday, directing the Commit-
tee on Commerce to institute inquiries as to
whether any further measures are necessary to
put a stop to piracy upon our commerce. The
committee have had that subject under consider-
ation. They have been in consultation with the
Secretary of the Navy, the Secretary of the
Treasury, and Commodore Paulding;and the bill
which I now report has been the result of that
consultation. Perhaps the subject properly be-
longs to the Committee on Naval Affair's; but as
immediate action is demanded, and the inquiry
has been referred to the Committee on Commerce,
1 am instructed b^ that committee to report to
this House a bill to provide for the temporary
increase of the Navy. I shall ask that it be put
on its passage. If there be objection because it
makes an appropriation, I will move that it be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, with a view to consider it
there at once.
Mr. BURNETT. Let the bill be reported.
The bill was read through.
Mr. BURNETT. I make the point of order
that the bill must, under the rules, have its first
consideration in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The point is well taken.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Tins bill ought to be
passed at once. It is not necessary for me to re-
fer to the depredations of pirates upon our com-
merce. They are well known. The Secretary
of the Navy desiies to be armed with the power
which this bill gives him, and I hope it will be
conferred upon him. 1 move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to consider this bill.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
