THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i %-r «
THE OFFICIAL PKOCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Tiiirty-Seventii Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JULY 18, 186K
New Series No. 10.
i'miml truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 18) mak-
ing additional appropriations for the support of
the Army for the fiscal year ending June 30,1862,
and appropriations of arrearages for the fiscal year
ending; June 30, 1861; when the Speaker signed
the same.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
John W. Forney, Esq., its Secretary, notifying
the House that that, body had agreed to the loan
bill, with an amendment; and had also passed a
bill (No. 2) providing an increase of the present
military establishment of the United States, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
LOAN BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask that House
bill No. 14, to authorize a national loan and for
other purposes, which has been returned from
the Senate with amendments, be taken from the
Speaker's table, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
MILITARY ESTABLISHMENT. ^
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 now ask that
Senate bill No. 2, to increase the permanent mil-
itary establishment of the United States, be taken
from the Speaker^ table, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the table, received its first and second lead-
ings, and was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
IXCIllCASE OF THE NAVY AGAIN.
Mr. BURNETT. Mr. Speaker, I know that,
«o far as the passage of these measures reported
by gentlemen from their several committees is
concerned, where, they have the recommendation
of the Administration at the other end of the av-
enue, it is a foregone conclusion that the House
will adopt them. But it did seem to me that there
was no necessity for violating a very conserva-
tive rule of this House, which requires that all
bills making appropriations shall go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
To be sure, the sum involved m this bill is vety
small for these times: only £,3,000,000. Still, 1
thought it best that it should go to the Committee
of the Whole. But, sir, having determined in
my own mind that gentlemen who have the re-
sponsibility and the numbers here shall arrange
and control matters here in their own way, so
far as I am concerned, if the gentleman from Illi-
nois will give us the yeas and nays, he can have
the bill consideied now without reference.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I have no control over
the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to say
that this debate is not m order, and he has only
indulged it by the acquiescence of the House.
Mr. WASIIBURNE. I understand that the
point of order is withdrawn.
Mr. BURNETT. I withdraw it, so far as I
am concerned.
The SPEAKER Is there any objection to the
consideiation of the bill at this time?
Mr. COX. If the gentleman from Illinois will
allow me to say a few words with reference to the
business of piivateering, I will not object; other-
wise 1 think the bill ought to go to Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
objects to the consideration of the bill unless he
can make an inquiry.
Mi. COX. No, sir; I want to speak three,
foui, or fi\e minutes.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to that?
Mi. BINGHAM. I must object.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. Let the bill go to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object
lo the consideration of the bill now?
Mr. VALLANDlGIiAM. I do, for the reason
10
that I desire 'it to go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, where it can be
considered.
The SPEAKER. The bill, then, must go to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of considering the bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope not until the morn-
ing hour is out.
Mr. WASIIBURNE. Well, if there are any
reports from committees to be made, I withdraw
my motion until the expiration of the morning
hour.
Mr. BINGHAM. I demand the regular order
of business.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I move that the bill re-
ported by the gentleman from Illinois from the
Committee on Commerce be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. That committee has the
subject under consideration.
The SPEAKER. The bill is already in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union—carried there by the objection to its con-
sideration in the House. The rule provides ex-
pressly that, if objection is made, the bill shall be
referred to the Committee of the Whole £ n the
state of the Union.
SUITIIKSSION OF REBELLION.
e £n tl>
V
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report back, with
amendments, House bill No. 20, to provide for
the suppression of rebellion agamstand resistance
to the laws of the United States, and to amend
the act entitled An act to provide for calling
forth the militia to execute the lawwof the Union,"
&c., passed Eebiuaiy i28, 1795, with a recom-
mendation that the same do pass.
I move the previous question on the third read-
ing and engiossm-'iit of the bill.
Mr. VALLAN DIG HAM. . I desire to ask the
gentleman from Ohio one question. This bill has
not as yet been printed; has it?
Mr. BINGHAM. It lias been printed. It was
printed by order of the House Ia&t week.
Mi. VALLANDlGIiAM. I understand that
it imposes no limitation as to the time for which
the Piewident may call out the militia.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman is mistaken.
I withdraw the demand for the previous question
for the purpose of making a bnef explanation. I
will state to the House that the bill js substan-
tially the act of J795, except that it repeals the
provision of the act of 1795 which provides that
the militia called out upon the proclamation of
the Piesident shall not be required to serve for a
longer peuod than thr< o months in any one year;
and in lieu thei«'ot, this bill provides that the
militia culled out m puisuanco of the provisions
of tins act shall be continued in seivice until dis-
charged by the proclamation of the President,
provided that Congiess shall not otherwise pro-
vide within sixty days after the commencement
of the next regular session of Congress, so that
the biil expressly puts it in the powerofCongress
to limit the time of semcc within the first sixty
days of the next regular session.
Mr. VALLAND1GH AM. One question fur-
ther. I desire to ask whether this is not substan-
tially the hill lnlrodured by Mr. Stantoifat the
last session of Congtess?
Mr. BINGHAM. It is not the bill introduced
by Mr. Stanton at the last session of Congress.
Theic is no new pi tiiriplo of legislation whatever
m this bill. The only additional substantialchange
that this b'U make* in the act of 1795 is to incor-
porate Jii if the woids of the act uf under
which one hundred thousand militia were author-
ized to be called out. That additional provision is
this: that the nuhtiaof the United States, when
called into actual seivice in pursuance of this act,
shall be paid, and provided rations and clothing
the same as the regular Army. The want of this
provision in the act of 1795 was severely felt by
the loyal men who enlisted upon the recent proc-
lamation of the President; no provision, in many
instances, having been made for them at all, for
many days after their enlistment by the Federal
Government.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I understand that
those are the only changes made in the act of
1795.
Mr. BINGHAM. Those are the only ones.
The words in the several acts of 1803,1806,1808,
and 1812, are incorporated in the first section of
this act, which declares that the President shall
exercise this power when in his judgment the
public exigencies require it. These are the only
changes. I again demand the previous question.
Mr. BURNETT. Will the gentleman permit
mo to ask him a question?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, if it docs not take too
much time.
Mr. BURNETT. Just a moment. Will the
gentleman be kind enough to inform me why it
is that section three of the act of 179.5 is repealed?
I see no provision in this bill in lieu of that pro-
vision of the act of 1795. Why, then# should the
third section of the act of 1795 he repealed ?
Mr. BINGHAM. According to my recollec-
tion, there are several sections of the act of 1795
repealed, simply because they arc copied in hose
verba into this bill. If there is no difference be-
tween the two sections, as I believe there is none,
thatis the reason of the repeal of the third section.
Mr. BURNETT. The third section of the act
of 1795 is omitted in this bill, nor is there any-
thing like it in the provisions of the act now pro-
posed to be passed.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman be good
enough to refer me to the page m the first volume
of United States Statutes m which the act of 1795
is to be found ?
Mr. BURNETT. I have not the book before
me. I hope the gentleman fiom Ohio will indulge
me a moment longer. The third section of the
act of 1795 fixes and determines the case in which
the President shall be authorized to call out the
militia, or volunteer force of the country. That
.section is repealed by this bill, and makes the
President of the United States the judge of the
circumstances and of the case in which the Presi-
dent may call out the militia.
Mr. BINGHAM. The third section of the act
of 1795 is repealed by the eighth section of the bill.
The second section of the bill now before the
House is the third section of the act of 1795; and
theicforo it is that the third section of the act of
1795 is specifically repealed by this bill. The sec-
ond section of the bill now under consideration is
in these words:
Sj-:o 9. And he U farther eiiactrj, Tli.it win-never, in the
judgment of the Prevalent, it may be nece^ary to uso tlio
unlitaiy loice hereby directed to be eniplo^ul and called
loith i>y him, the IV-Mdent thai! loithwith. by pioclama-
tion, command sueli m-ui^enW to di^pei-i: ami ictnc peace-
ably to their ropective abode*, witlnii a limited time.
The third section of the act of 1795, which is
repealed, is precisely the same thm®. The first
section of the act of 1795 is not aliected by the
hill. That section has relation to cases of insur-
rection against the lawful authorities of a State
within the State limits.
Having answered the gentleman's inquiry with
reference to the rcfpeal of the third scction of the
act of 1795, and having shown to the House that
we agree m our views, I shall, if the gentleman is
satisfied, renew the demand for the previous ques-
tion on the third reading and engrossing of the
biil.
it Mr.BURNETT. The gentleman does not wish
to do me any injustice, 1 hope.
Mr. BINGHAM. Not at alb
Mr. BURNETT. I had to depend on my rec-
ollection for the section of the act of 1795. The
scction to which I referred as being the third sec-
tion of the act of J 795, is* the second section of that
act. That is repealed by this bill. It provides
that, whene\ or the laws of the United States shall
be opposed or the execution thereof obstructed in
any fc5uites by combuuuions too powetful to bo
