1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
"VOLUNTEKR BILL.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported back Senate bill No.
1, to authorize the employment of volunteers to
aid in supporting and defending the Government
of the United States, with au amendment in the
nature of a substitute.
The amendment was read.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The amendment
reported by the committe to the bill of the Sen-
ate is substantially the bill passed upon the other
day by the House, and diifors from the bill of the
Senate in the particulars in which the House bill
was amended here the other day, except in one
or two features. The committee this morning;
ingrafted into the substitute a provision giving
authority to the President to transfer major and
brigadier generals from the regular Army to the
volunteer force, to resume their position at the
expiration of the war, in the regular Army, as if
no transfer had taken place. We also provide that
the families of soldiers in the Army may, with
their consent, draw a portion of their pay, as is
now the fact in the Navy.
The committee has concluded to strike out the
provision which was added by the House to the
House bill for paying a bounty of forty dollars,
and in some cases fifty dollars, for the reenlist-
ment of three-months men. We understand that
provision to be unnecessary; thata great portion,
and the best portion, of the three-months men
will reenlist without the bounty, while most of
the remainder would not reenlist with the bounty.
It would involve a large expenditure of money,
and we think it is unnecessary. I now demand
the previous question upon the amendments,
which the committee has reported.
Mr. ALLEN. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw his demand for the previous question to per-
mit me to offer an amendment.
Mr. .BLAIR, of Missouri. I will hear the
amendment.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Provided. That it shall be the duty of thr> Piesident, in
making requisitions lor volunteers, as herein provided, or
in the noeeptancc ot volunteers from the suveial States, to
apportion the same among the seveial States not in iebel-
hon against the Government according to their representa-
tion in Congiesw, deducting ftoin Ute whole numbei s«o re-
quired fiom any State sueh number an may have been,
accepted fro in any State under any of the calls heretofore
made for volunteers on and since the 18th of April, 1891.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I decline to yield
for the introduction of that amendment.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I ask that the following
amendment be read for information;
Pioride<K That eveiy officer, musician, and private, who
shall fMitei tue service of the United undei the pto-
visioris of this, act, or who shall have be^n fin^i^ed in the
military seiviec of the United States since the J3th day of
Apnl, 1^61. shall be entitled to all the benefits of an "act
en tilled An act in addition to crtain acts panting bounty
l:md to eei tain otlicci i and soldieii who have been engaged
in the tmliiaty seivice ot the United States,1" apptoved
Match 1^0.">: P) Oi-ided, kowever, That eveiy otlieei, mu-
sician, and holdu'i, who shall volunteer or enlist in the
M'lvice of the Timed States puor to the Kt day of August,
18t>l, and continue in Mich mm vice until the end of the vvai,
oi until honorably discharged on ac count oi hiekne^ oi
wounds inclined in suelt service m the hrie of his duty,
be entitled to leceive a warrant for two hundred and
toil} aeics ol land : Jind provided further, That mi eh offi-
cer. musician, oi pi ivate, having received a warrant under
the, act aloresaid, oi any former act of ConsjrebS, shall not
impair his right to bounty land uudet this act.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I cannot yield for
the introduction of that amendment.
Mr. VAN VALKENBURGH. It seems to me
that the ninth section, as it now stands, wiil cut
off the volunteers from New York accepted by
the Secretary of War.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Let it bo amended
so as to read, " volunteers for one, two, or three
years."
Mr. VAN VALKENBURGH. I move that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr BLAIR, of Missouri. I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. ALLEN. I think the volunteers should
bo appoitioned among all the loyal States, not
giving a preference to those the Administration
may favor, in the way of granting commissions j
and accepting regiments. I
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust that the House will
not sustain the demand for the pievious question,
but that it will give me an opportunity to offer
my amendment granting bounty land to the sol-
diers in our Army.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the substitute, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL LOAN.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back the amendments of the
Senate to House bill No. 14, authorizing a na-
tional loan, and for other purposes, with the
recommendation that they be concurred in; and
demanded the previous question on their adop-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the amendments were concurred in.
EXCHEQUER BILLS.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to introduce a bill to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States to issue exchequer bills to the amount
of $100,000,000, in lieu of any public loan author-
ized by law for a like sum.
Objection was made.
Mr. ALLEN. I ask leave to introduce a bill.
Objection was made.
NAVY RATION.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, icported back Senate bill No. 9,
with the following amendment; on winch he
demanded the previous question:
Add:
Sec. 7. rfnd bo it further tmicfrd, That the Secretary
of the IVav v be authnn/ed to pioeure the prest-i ved meats,
picklei, butter, and desiccated vegetables m such maitmict
and undei saieh testuction^ and siuataniee-? as m hi-s opinion
Wiil best insane the good ijiiahty ol's.ud articles.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the amendment was agreed to; and the bill
as amended was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ASSISTANT PAYMASTERS IN THE NAVY.
Mi\ SEDGWICK, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, also reported hack Semite bill No.
33, to provide for fJie appointment of assistant
paymasters in the Navy, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed: and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Till? LEVANT.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I am instructed by the
Committee on Naval Affairs to report back House
bid No. 33, fixing the date of loss, for the relief
of the widows, &c„, of the sloop-of-war Levant,
with a substitute.
The substitute, which was read, provides that,
for the purpose of lixing the time at which shall
commence the pensions, under the existing laws,
of the widows and orphan children of the officers,
seamen, marines, and others in service, who were
lost in the United States sloop-of-war Levant, as
well as the time to which the pay of said officers,
seamen, mannas, and others m s-Tvice, shall be
allowed, the 30th day of June, 1W03, shall be
deemed and taken to be the day on which the said j
sloop-of-war Levant foundered at sea; that the j
widow, or child, or children, and in case there be j
no widow, or child, or children, as aforesaid, then [
the parent or parents, and if there arc no parents,
the biothers and sisters, of the officers, Meamen,
maiines, and others in scrvice, who were lost in
said sloop-of-war Levant, including the captain's
clerk, shall be entitled to and receive, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, a sum equal to nine months' pay of their
respective deceased relations aforesaid, in addition
to the pay due to the said deceased at the date of
the loss of said vessel; and that the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department be, and
hereby are, authorized ana directed to settle the
accounts of Andrew J. Watson, late a paymaster
in the Navy, who was lost in the sloop-of-war
Levant, with all his accounts and vouchers for ex-
penditures and payments made by him, and with
all the money, stores, and supplies procured for
the use of said vessel, and to allow him a credit
for whatever sums appear to be due from him on
the books of the Department.
Mr.SEDGWICK demanded thepreviousques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the substitute was agreed to, and the bill,
as amended, was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr.SEDGWICKmoved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The title was amended to read as follows:
A bill for the relief of the widows and orphans
of the officers, seamen, and marines, of the United
States sloop-of-war Levant.
TEMPORARY CLERKS IN NAVY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on
Naval Attains, atsn reported back House bill No.
40, to authorize the Secretary of the Navy to
employ temporary clerks, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
The bill provides that there shall be employed
in the Navy Department, on temporary duty,
three clerks in addition to the regular organized
force, whose compensation shall be fixed at the
rate of $1,200 per annum; and that there be em-
ployed in the office of the engineer-in-chief one
clerk, at $1,400 per annum; one draughtsman, at
$1,400 per annum; otic draughtsman, at $1,*JOO
per annum; and one messenger, at ^600 per
annum.
Mr. SEDGWICK demanded the previous
question.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. The clerks in the office
of the engineer-m-chief are to be permanent, and
therefore the title of the bill ought to be amended.
The previous question was seconded, and (he
mam question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the substitute was agreed to; and the bill,
as amended, was ordered to be engrossed and
lead a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly rend the third time, and passed.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. J now move the
amendment of the title that X have suggested.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I do not think that any
amendment of the title is necessary.
Mr. I1'. A. CONKLJNG. I have no motion to
make. I merely wished to call the attention of
the chairman of the Committee on Naval A Hairs
to the fact that the title did not seem to cover the
scope of the bill.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INCREASE OF THE NAVY.
Mr. ASHLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the tempoiary increase of the
Navy; which was read a lirst and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Naval AiFairs,
DESTRUCTION OF NAVAL PROPERTY.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resohcrf, That the Sccrctary of the Navy be requested
to eonnnunieate to this Hotis-e any infoimillion in his pos-
sesion lfilative to the destiuction of United States voxels
and other property at the navy-yard at Norfolk, iaeluding
copies of the order for the. removal of the vessels, and the
report of the commandant of the navy-yaid, and any cor-
respondence relative to the same.
VEST POINT ACADEMY.
Mr. ALLEN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to increase the number of cadets at
