1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1*9
time we would lose the services of two hundred and
fifty experienced officers, who would be on re-
cruiting stations instead of being in the field with
their own regiments, in the regular service or in
the volunteer service. For that reason, there has
been a clause inserted in the bill, that these new
regiments shall be recruited by the officers selected
from civil life, and that the Commanding General
shall, at his discretion, order the officers who have
beenappointed from the regular Army, and attach
them to one of the volunteer regiments or regular
regiments in the field, until the new regiments to
which they are appointed shall have been re-
cruited.
The bill also provides that these regular officers
who have been appointed in those new regiments
may, at the end of the war, return to their own
regiments in the regular Army, with the rank,
pay, emoluments, allowances, and promotion, to
which they would be entitled if they had re-
mained in their own regiments.
I have thought it proper, in introducing this
bill, to give an explanation of some of the points
which have been made by the committee in chang-
ing the system recommended by the Secretary of
War, and in endeavoring to assimilate it to the
volunteer system which the House has already
authorized.
Mr. BURNETT. Mr. Chairman, I well un-
derstand that nothing which would emanate from
me, or which I might say, would have a ten-
dency either to check the legislation of this House
or to prevent the passage of the series of meas-
ures that have been recommended by the Admin-
istration to the favorable consideration of Con-
fress. But, sir, in obedience to a sense of what
regard as my duty as one of the Representa-
tives on this floor, representing a constituency
which is interested in this Government, the pres-
ervation of the Constitution intact, and the secu-
rity of their rights under it, I cannot let this
measure pass without entering on record .my pro-
test against many things that have been done
and that are likely to be done here. I do not do
this in the spirit of opposition simply. I trust
that I am actuated by higher and nobler incen-
tives to action than a mere desire to interpose op-
position against those who are responsible for the
legislation of this House, and have the power to
carry it out.
Mr. Chairman, when you and myself, and
many other members now on this floor, assembled
here on the first Monday in December last, there
was a deep and widespread distrust of the coun-
try's future. Fears for it extended all over the
country. We came here determined to do all
that honorable and patriotic men could do to give
additional security and peace to our country, and,
if possible, by our action to dispel the cloud which
then hovered over the political horizon of the
country. We came here determined to do all
that honorable men could do to ['reserve the Con-
stitution and the Union of these States. A biief
reference to the past history of the country can-
not be unprofitable at the present time.
When we assembled at the commencement of
the last session of Congress, thu tv-four States
were represented upon this floor. When we came
here, the first acts in that Congress looked to pa-
cification and compromise. And these projects of
eompromises'were not put forth by the men who
are now here pressing this war on to the consum-
mation of the subjugation of the southern States,
and who are passing through whatever measures
are demanded by the Administration, without
even an examination. No, sir; they emanated
fioin gentlemen fiom the slaveholding States, and
from gentlemen of the Democratic party, who
lived in the free Slates. No less than thirty-seven
different propositions, looking to a peaceful solu-
tion of our difficulties, were, introduced in this
end of the Cypitol. Early m the session these
movements were made; and let me teil you, gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House, history
will hold you responsible for the present condi-
tion of the country. You may deal in round,
bold denunciation against the men who are in
revolution against this Government; but when the
impartial historian shall write out the times in
which we live, I say the Republican party will be
held responsible for the unhappy condition of our
country to-day. I say, in my place here, now,
that the only disunionists per se this country has
ever been cursed with, are the leaders of the Re-
publican party. You have done more, you have
contributed more, to hurry on this revolution and
to bring this country into the condition of war
in which it is in this day, than all the other men
who have lived in your time, and in your gener-
ation.
'Sir, when the very question of this revolution
was pending in the outset, it could have been
settled in an hour; not by any proposition which
denianded the compromise or concession of any
principle on your part towards the South, but by
a mere recognition of the constitutional rights de-
clared by our fathers, when they framed the Con-
stitution which has held these States together. I
say, you could have settled these questions in an
hour, and restored peace and quiet to our country.
Never shall I forget the time and the circumstances
of the declaration of my venerable colleague, [Mr.
Crittenden,] upon the Sunday night of March 3,
last, in the other end of the Capitol. He then
told you, that if you permitted that Congress—
the Thirty-Sixth Congress—to adjourn without
the passage of any measure looking to the settle-
ment of these questions, and the restoration of
peace, in less than six months you would have the
country precipitated into a bloody revolution. He
portrayed then the cxact condition of things we
are now witnessing. That was the language of
£he venerable Crittenden; and how truthfully has
the picture which he then drew been proved by
the scenes we now witness around us! What was
the language he used on that occasion ? He said:
"But now. to pn<?s fiom this view : wo art1 likely soon to
pan, and what a spectacle do we piosent! Wo have done
nothing. The countiy is inflamed, and nothing lias been
done to quonoli the de^troj ; jot that ts our business
bote, to pteserve the Union, to make the people contented
and happy. That is our gioat and lu h inis-Mon. The
oounti} i* in flamc.s, and nothing 1m> boon done to extin-
guish the fire. What, Senator and Mr Piesident, is to he
the consequence of it? No one can exactly answer; but
the question mibt awaken the loiebodmgs. of every man
within tho roach of my -\oieo. What cousoqucneeb will
follow fiom our failure to do anything? God only knows
They are feai fui to think of, in my judgment, i do not know
what they wilt be. I fear lot furtluu revolution—Itn revo-
lution to Mich au extent a* to destiny, m effect, tins Union "
Well, sir, what else? A distinguished Senatoi,
now dead, speaking to us the words of wisdom
and true statesmanship, warned the Republican
party that if they permitted the Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress to adjourn without the adoption of some
measure of compromise^ the country would be
precipitated in to revolution and into a bloody strug-
gle. He told them they could save the country
from the horrors of civil war, by the adoption of
measures winch would meet the approval of men
in the South and in all the States, which would
even bring back into this Union all the States then
out of it, with, perhaps, the exception of one.
Notwithstanding these repeated warnings from
men in both ends of the Capitol, whose patriot-
ism was unquestioned and whose desire to pre-
serve the Constitution and the Union under it was
unchallenged, you turned a deaf car to all their
appeals, and voted down every measure that
looked to an adjustment of our difficulties, and
permuted the Tinny-Sixth Congress to adjourn
with a full knowhdgo upon youi part that the
revolution which had commenced m December
would continue to spread until it would assume its
present gigantic, proportions, and n suit, finally,
m a permanent separation of the States. 1 there-
fore repeat, with emphasis, that the party now
in power are responsible for the present uulmppy
condition of our countiy to-day. You could, by
the passage of thu Crittenden propositions, have
reunited the States and restored peace and confi-
dence to cveiy poition of the Coin'edoiacy.
My position was well known. 1 was for peace.
Like my venerable colleague, [Mr. Chittf.ndkn,]
1 was for peace; I was forcompromise; I had not
an opinion on the subject of what would be best,
that I was not perfectly willing to sacrifice to ob-
tain any reasonable measure of pacification that
would have been satisfactory to the majority. I
wanted to save the country, and adjust our present
difficulties. I entertain those sentiments to-day,
and am controlled by the same motives now as
then.
That Congress adjourned. The President of the
United States, now at the head of the Govern-
ment, came to this Capitol, and upon its eastern
portico he made his inaugural address. You will
remember, as I do, Mr. Chairman, that it was
sent upon the wings of the lightning to every por- I
tion of this country, that that inaugural meant
peace; that we were to have a peace policy upon
the part of this Administration; that the Execu-
tive would adopt peaceful modes by whicji we
might restore the Union and prevent a bloody
civil war.
This policy was hailed with joy by the whole
people. Trade revived, confidence was restored,
and all classes looked forward to a speedy and
peaceful solution of our troubles. And if it had
been adhered toby the Executive,to-day,instead
of bloody war, with all its attendant horrors, we
would be blessed with peace, and might soon look
forward to a restoration of the Union—a thing now,
sir, I have despaired of. 1 do not believe it pos-
sible ever to reunite the now divided States. It
could have been done by peaceful measures, but
never by war.
The President has attempted to give us a state-
ment of the causes which led to this revolution.
He has told this House and the country that the
attack made by the forces at Charleston upon
Sumter was the commencement of this war. I
shall now attempt—to some little extent, at least
—to vindicate the truth of history in that partic-
ular. Did the southern States want war? Did.
they desire hostilities? Does not the history of
"the matter prove that in the first instance. South
Carolina sent commissioners here anxious for the
adoption of some mode of adjustment? And when
they failed in that did they stop there? No, sir.
When this revolution had progressed to the ex-
tent that seven States had formed themselves into
a confederacy, with a government de factoy they
sent their commissioners here to this-Federal cap-
ital. And will gentlemen deny that there was not
at that time a quasi—if 1 may use that term in
regard to a matter of diplomacy—negotiation car-
ried on between those commissioners and the
Secretary of State? Did they not earnestly pro-
test through the congress that assembled at Mont-
gomery that they did not desire war; that what
they wanted in respect to this Government was,
that like Abraham and Lot, finding we could no-t
live together in peace, there should he no strife be-
tween us, but that one should goto the right and the
other to the left. They do not want war to-day.
They have nothing to gain by it. The leaders in
this revolution are men of ability. Many of them
have left upon the records of their country evi-
dences of their statesmanship. They have attempt-
ed toopen negotiations with thisGovernmentfora
peaceful settlement of the pending questions; these
efforts have all been repelled. And to-day, when
we ask you to consider propositions that look to
peace and the preservation of the Union, and the
cessation of hostilities, they arc either rejected by
raiding points of order, or unceremoniously tabled.
And no proposition that does not look to bloody,
devastating, and relentless war, can command
your attention or receive your support.
Well, sir, after this declaration of the President
was sent out to the country that we were to have
peace, the President commenced his preparation
for war upon the grandcstscale this continent ever
witnessed. II is agents were in Europe for the pur-
pose of pmchasing arms. His agents weie in the
< ity of New Yoik engaged in proem ing arms,
ships, and munitions of war; aod upon the 15th
day of Apr1) the countiy was startled by his proc-
lamation calling forth seventy-five thousand men.
This, sir, is the history of the events that trans-
pired from the 4th of March till the 15th of April.
Now, Mr. Chairman, who wiil contend that
the President's proclamation calling for seventy-
five thousand men was in accordance with the
act of 1793? Who will defend it? Who will,
standing heie in his place, asseit the proposition
that, under that law, the President was author-
ized in calling out seventy-five thousand men by
the circumstances which existed at die time the
proclamation was issued? Read the second sec-
tion of that act—it was read here this morning-
providing that the President had power to call out
the militia for the purpose of suppressing com-
binations of individuals within a State to prevent
the execution of the laws of the United States,
but that he had no power to make war upon a
State acting through its sovereign capacity, if
you should deny my declaration upon this sub-
ject, 1 refer you to the speech made during the
last Congress by one of the ablest men with whom
1 have ever sci ved upon this floor—Mr. Stanton,
of Ohio, a member of the Republican party, who
