152
TBE1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
troversy than a peaceful one, I hazard nothing in
saying he would not have received one thousand
votes in the district which I represent
But,sir, why am 1 for peace? - Because I forsee
that we must finally settle this tiling by negotia-
tion; because I see a people speaking the same
language, connected' by ties of commercial inter-
course "and trade—by all that constitutes a people
closely united and linked together—and that wo
can never accomplish any good object by war. It
will only have the effect of establishing an im-
passable gulf between us; of breaking up your
Government, and fixing forever the permanent
separation of these States.
May I quote from a man whose opinion I have
ever listened to with deference and respect? In
the last speech made by Mr. Douglas in the Sen-
ate, he uttered the following language :
" Pence is the only policy thai can save the country. Let
peuco be proclaimed sis the policy, and you will find that
a tlinii of joy will animate the hdmt of eveiy patriot in the
land; confUlcuce will be ioM,oied; business will be icvived;
Joy will gladden cve.iyheart; honfhes will blaze upon eviy
hill top "and in every valley: and the church bells will
proclaim the glad tidings m'every city, town, and village
in America, and the applause of a gmteiul people will greet
you everywhere."
Do you remcmberhow that distinguished Sen-
ator said we had to settle these difficulties'1 Either
by guarantees in the Constitution which would
give satisfaction to all sections, or by I he recog-
nition of those States as a confederacy, or by a
war of subjugation. And in that, war of subjuga-
tion, when you have accomplished your work—
even admitting the possibility of subjugation—in
my judgment, you can only control them as mili-
tary provinces; you can only rule them by a mili-
tary government, and by maintaining a standing
army in their midst.
Well, sir, here is an extract from an old man
whose opinions ought to have some weight upon
the other side of the Chamber. 1 have not often
cited him as my authority. lie was styled, the
"old man eloquent." He was a great man ; he
did much to add to this country's honor and pros-
perity—perhaps as much as almost any man the
country ever produced. What did he say in 1839?
Did he say tnat we would hold this country to-
gether by military power? No,sir. In speaking
upon this subject, he said:
u Hut the indissoluble link of union between the people
of the«evuiul c5t,no* of this confederated nation is*, alter
all, not in the right, btH in the heait. If the day should
ever come (may Heaven avett if!) when the affection^ of
the people of the-se States shall he alienated from each oilier;
when flie fraternal spiritsh.ili irive way lo eoiil uulillcicnee,
or collision.- of inictevt shall loter into Inured, the b >ih1* of
political association will not long hold to^ctlu'i pamcs no
lonijei attiacted by the imujnonMii of conciliated lnteiests
ami kindly sympathies; and far better will it he tot tho peo-
ple of the disunited States to part in friendship irom each
other, than to be held tog-'thei by constraint. Then will he
the thins for reveilim; to the pieculeuN which oecuried at
the formation and adoption of the Constitution. to form
auahi a more perfect Union, by disxilvun; that which could
no loojjei hind, and to leave the s-epantted pails to be re-
united by the law of political gravitation to the et,liter."
Sir, if it was not treason in John duincy Ad-
ams to utter that sentiment, is it treason in a
humble Representative from Kentucky who now
urges upon you the same policy? Why, sir, 1
might stand here and quote from (he lending states-
men of the country by the hour in support of the
same sentiment. 1 might refer to the leading
journals of the North to the same point, if time
permitted. I will, however, but read a sentence
from one man who has put me upon the roll of
infamy," and 1 will do him the justice to say
that he has more brains and more power in the
North than any twenty of the Representatives
upon the Republican side of this llou.se—I mean
Horace Greeley; and i repeat that he wields more
power now at ihe North than any other single
man north of Mason and Dixon's line. Here is
what he said:
'•Whenevei a cornidenible section of our Union shall
deliberately iooh e to go out, we ^Itall ieM--t all coeieivc
iueaMiR'3 de.-igni <3 to keep it in. We hope never to hvo
in a Republic wiicioof one section i* pinned to the icaidiic
by bayonets."
So say 1. Now, Mr. Chairman, I have en-
deavored, in a respectful and f trust courteous
but bold language, to enter my protest against
this series of measures. I heivo endeavored to
give reasons why 1, as one,of the Representatives
from the State of Kentucky, could not vote for
them; and 1 will close my remarks by stating the
substance of a statement made by my venerable
colleague [Mr, Crittenden] when a candidate
for Congress, just before the election, in a speech
made at"Lexington. He said—and 1 am here to
stand by him in the declaration, for I indorse
every word—that it would be the duty of the
South to make propositions of peace; and should
the South fail to do so, then it would be the duty
of the North to submit to the people of the south-
ern States propositions for a peaceful solution of
our national troubles; and should they fail in that,
he would neither vote men nor money to carry
on this war.
I state this from a report which appeared in
the Lexington Observer, and if it be erroneous 1
do not know it. He said that if neither was done,
then Kentucky, poising herself in her proud posi-
tion of neutrality, should stand by and maintain it.
Sir, I indorse those sentiments, and stand by
them to-day. If it be treason, then make the most
of it; for they aie my sentiments.
I have voted against all these war measures; I
have voted against every proposition that looked
to a prosecution of this war, and the creation of a
public debt that will require centuries to relieve
us from. My colleagues have pursued a different
course. They have thought that they would best
promote the true interests of Kentucky and of the
country by giving their votes to all these war
measuics and large appropiiations of money, and
have invai iab!y sustained tlie Administiation in its
recommendations. I do not complain; I do not
find fault. They act upon their individual respons-
ibility; so do I.
Mr.Chairman, I have ropeatcdlycalled the yeas
and nays upon these measures, but have invaria-
bly failed to procure them, Hills appropriating
hundreds of millions are introduced; put under the
operation of the previous question, which cuts off
all discussion; and when you ask those who pass
them to give us a record vote, ihey refuse. Are
gentlemen afraid to let tho country see how they
voted 3 Are they afraid to make up this record for
future'rcfrtcnce?
In conclusion, sir, as one of the Representatives
of Kentucky, i here enter my solemn protest
against that State being called upon to furnish one
man or being taxed to furnish one dollar of money
to carry on this war. She has had no agency in
bunging it on; she has protested against it in
every form; her people me to-day opposed to it;
and I will not consent, by any act of mine, that
her people, for generations to come, shall be taxed
to pay the expenses of this war.
[Here the hammer fell.] .
TA1UFF BILL.
he committee informally rose; and
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, repotted a
bill to provide increased revenue from .imports,
to pay interest on the public debt and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, ordered to be printed, and
made the special order for to-morrow at one
o 'clock.
I\Ir. VALLANDIGHAM. I trust that a rea-
sonable time will be allowed for the discussion of
that measure. Discussion is required more on
such a measure than on any others, beceiuse an
erroneous financial policy now instituted may em-
barrass the country for years to come.
WEST X OIXT.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask leave to introduce a bill
to increase the numbci of cadets m the Military
Academy at West Point, with a view to us being
ordered to be printed, as it is my purpose to attach
it to some of the Army bills as an additional pro-
vision.
There was no objection; and the bill was or-
dered to be printed.
ARMY HILL.
The committee then resumed its>scssion, Mr.
McCi.erxand in the chair. 1
Mr. HOLM AN. In times of grea^ public dan-
ger, he who summons the agents oTOovernment
to the bar of public judgment, to anstyer to alleged
usurpations of power, would act with 6xtrcmc~ii}-
justice if he did not consider the imminence of that
danger, and the general mastery of opinion in con-
trolling public affairs
I am not here, sir, to defend the Administra-
tion or to assail iL The time will conic when its
measures of policy will be dispassionately con-
sidered, and scrutinized as a people jealous of their
freedom will ever scrutinize the acts of their pub-
lic servants. But, while an enemy almost threat-
ens your capital, and the ear that listens to your
deliberations can almost hear the thunder of his
artillery, and the eye, as it glances westward, from
the very portals of this Hall, can almost see the
light flash from his bayonets, and liberty itself is
in danger, the public safety may well demand the
undivided wisdom and energy of Congress, while
patriotism silences the clamor of party strife.
When the patriotic masses—who know better
than philosophers or statesmen have ever known,
that every interest that clusters around the fire-
sides of freemen is involved in this effort to
maintain the Union—are rallying in countless
numbers to the flag of the Republic, the type and
symbol of Union and liberty, and ready to pour
oui their blood in torrentsin us defense, they may
well demand that their Representatives shall not,
by dividing the public councils, sharpen the bay-
onet that would strike them-down. I have said,
sir, lhafrl am not here to defend the Administra-
tion ; I am no champion of its cause; I had no part
or lot in its triumph; I resisted, as an American
citizen might resist, its elevation to power; I do
not indorse one principle of its original policy.
Rut, sir, so help me God, 1 will not desert my
country or give encouragement to its enemies, be-
cause the judgment of the people has been pro-
nounced against the principles I have cherished.
I will not desert the old ship because I do not ap-
prove of the helmsman. And, sir, whim, for any
cause or fiom any provocation, bitter and unjust
it may be, I shall fail or forget to defend the flag
of my country against its enemies at home or
abroad, in the language of the old Hebrew king,
" May my right hand forget its cunning."
But in defense of the public policy, I will say,
sir, that if the Presidenthad abandoned Fort Sum-
ter on the insolent demand of the public enemy*
except as the result of an absolute physical ne-
cessity; had ho surrendered the forts on the coast
of Florida, erected by the whole nation for the
protection of the national commerce, to the men
who, in the insolence and madness of ambition,
had forgotten gratitude and public faith, I tell
you, sir, the fiery wrath of the people, whose
trust he would have betrayed, would have driven
him with irresistible fury from your capital.
Sir, the gentleman from Kentucky, [Air. Bur-
nett,] and especially the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Vallandigham,] who addressed the House
with so much ability a few days since, misappre-
hended the spirit which pervaded the country
prior to the 12th of April. The people acquicsce
m the breaking to pieces of the Union! Tho eye
of the gentleman from Ohio did not pierce beyond
the surface. He misconceived the spirit of the
popular forbearance. The people consent to dis-
union !
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The gentleman
misapprehended me altogether. I am looking to
the restoration of the Union through peace, while
tho gentleman is looking to it through war. That
is the only difference between us.
Mr. HOLMAN. When .South Carolina and
the other States seceded from the Union with the
solemn declaration that they would never return
under the stars and stripes, the gentleman was for
acquiescence, while I protested against it.
In the hurry of events the people of the loyal
States, as the gentleman has asserted, were silent;
but silent, sir, with grief and indignation and
astonishment. The public property was seized
upon—forts, arsenals, ships, and public treasures
—by acts of treachery so damning that history
in its black record furnishes no parallel; and
seized, too, from a Government that had never
stretched forth its hand to its people except in
I acts of maternal kindness—a Government, too,
that had fostered and cherished that very great-
ness which was wielded for its destruction. Still
the nation forebore with, if it were possible, the
forboaiancc of a god. The flag of the Republic
floating over a work crectcd foi national defense
is stricken down, trampled upon, and diaggedin
the dust by a people whoso rights and whose
honor it had piotected at home and abroad for
more than three generations, and its handful of
brave defenders are crushed by overwhelming
numbers. Foibearance is no longer possible!
The smoldeiing volcano must burst forth in its
fury. One sentiment is uttered by millions, "this
