1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185'
objections which were raised by Senators and
Representatives from different sections of ther
country. /
The bill was referred to the select commit$&e
on the Pacific railroad. ' /
BALTIMORE POLICE COMMISSIONER^/
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I have revived
this morning, and beg leave to present to the Sen-
ate, the memorial of Charles Howard, William
H. Gatchell, and John W. Davis, police commis-
sioners of the city of Baltimore, now under con-
finement at Fort McHenry under the orders of
Major General Banks—the fourth commissioner,
Mr. Hinks, having been released iu consequence
of sickness.
This memorial sets forth the arrest of the po-
lice marshal, on the 27th day of June last, by
order of Major General Banks, and the suspen-
sion by the same proclamation of the functions
of the police commissioners of the city of Balti-
more, appointed under the authority of and by
the Legislature of Maryland.
It sets forth also their proceedings in conse-
quence of the suspension of their functions, and
the General's proclamation of the 1st of July,
which declared their arrest in consequence of
their " refusal to recognize the officers or men
necessarily selected by the provost marshal for
the protection of the city," and because they held
" subject to their orders, now and hereafter, the
old police force—a large body of armed men, for
some purpose not known to ike Government, and in-
consistent u'ith its peace and security." That is the
reason assigned in the order of Major General
Banks for the m test of the police commissioneis.
Now, sir, 1 wish to state very bi tefly, according
to the rule of the Senate, the object of this me-
morial. These memorialists distinctly and em-
phatically deny that they had any other purpose,
in their official protest and action, than to fulfill
their manifest and sworn obligations, and to main-
tain the dignity and assert the authority of the
laws of Maryland, which were intrusted to their
hands for execution, but which they are precluded
by force from executing. They solemnly declare
that, if they had been permitted to continue in the
exercise of then* functions, after the arrest and
imprisonment of the marshal of police on the 27th
of June, they would have continued to discharge
their duties as they had discharged them thereto-
fore, in all respects faithfully, impartially, and to
the best of their ability, in obedience to the laws
and the Constitution; and they assert that the imJ
. plication of any other intention or purpose on their
part is wholly destitute of foundation in fact.
In inference to the statement made m Major
Gene ral Banks's pi or Initiation in regard to a "con-
cealed arsenal" at the marshal's office, they say
that it is perfectly notorious, and has been fully
shown by the message of the Mayor to the City
Council of Riltimom, that th« arms in question
were the lawful property of the city; that they
were insignificant in quantity, constituting but
Lttle more than the customary armament of the
force for its public duties, and were lawfully con-
cealed to prcvcntunlawfulseizure. They declare,
therefore, that the grounds set up by General
Banks, in his pioclamation, give to their arrest
and imprisonment no color of justification or
necessity.
They say that they have personal knowledge
of the fact, which is equally as well known to all
impartial citizens of Baltimore, that the official
duties of Colonel Kane, marshal of police, have
been discharged throughout with singular ability,
inlegnty, and courage,and never more conspicu-
ously, or in better faith, or at more imminent risk
of his own life, than in the protection of the troops
of the Federal Government on the 19th of April
last.
Of the police force, placed under his command
by the memotialists, and selected wholly without
reference to their political opinions, they say that,
without exaggeration, they do not believe a body
of men can be found anywhere more entirely
devoted to the conscientious discharge of official
duty, or less justly liable to the accusation of
entering into unlawful combinations themselves
or encouraging such combinations by others; that
down to the moment of the suspension of the
active duties of the force by General Banks, these
memorialists say they have pride in asserting that
no community over acknowledged more univer-
sally than the citizens of Baltimore—and none ever
had better reason to acknowledge—the successful
operation of a police system in securing the strict-
est enforcement of the laws, the amplest protection
of private rights, and the most rigid maintenance
of public order.
They say that, with every opportunity afforded
by their official position, and every energy stim-
ulated by their sense of duty, to ascertain the ex-
istence of all unlawful combinations or associa-
tions within their jurisdiction, they have no reason
whatever to suspect that any such combinations
did in fact exist, as alleged by General Banks in
his proclamation of the 27th of June; and* they
confidently assert their conviction that his allega-
tion to the contrary was founded upon false in-
formation, communicated to him by designing
persons, and cannot be sustained or countenanced
by credible evidence of any sort.
They say that if General Banks had seen fit to
arrest the marshal of police upon any charge which
might have been deemed sufficient to justify such
a step, the memorialists would have taken care to
govern the police force efficiently and properly
during his confinement; or, being satisfied of any
improper conduct, they would at once either have
removed him from office or have suspended him.
They say that the State of Maryland is one of
the States of the Union, and at peace with this
Government, not in rebellion against its author-
ity; that her people are disarmed and her terri-
tory occupied by an overwhelming military force.
The Fedeial courts and those of the State are in
full and undisturbed operation, except so far as
the suspension of the habeas corpus is concerned;
and the pioccss is served without obstruction and
is obeyed without resistance by all except those
in military authority, if, therefore, the memo-
rialists were charged with any offense known to
the law, there was and is nothing to prevent their
arrest and detention by the civil arm, in due course,
and upon proper and lawful warrant, supported
by oath, as prescribed by the Constitution. This,
indeed, is amply proved by the presentments and
arrests made, and the indictments now found and
pending in ihoeiicuit coui t against Mr. Meiry-
man, Colonel Ivane, and others charged with
grave offenses against the Government of the Uni-
ted States.
They submitthat, in the proclamation by which
their arrest is sought to be justified, there is no
allegation of any matter or thing which, if sworn
to in proper form of law, would authorize the
issuing of process against them by any judicial
tribunal. If it be a crime on their pai t to regard
as illegal and wholly null the attempted suspen-
sion, by a Federal officer, of their functions as
constituted authorities of the State of Maryland,
they have been unable to learn by what provis-
ion of the Constitution and laws such an offense
is created or defined.
Their offense is, holding subject to their orders
a police force which the laws of Maryland made
it their duty so to hold ;and that they were bound
to refuse to recognize, as public officers of Mary-
land, the appointees of Geneial Banks;and aieat
a loss to conceive under what head of the penal
law such conduct as theirs can be held to be crim-
inal. Still h'ss can they imagine any principle of
criminal jurisprudence which would sanction their
arrest and confinement, before the indefinite alle-
gation of entertaining " some purpose notknown
to the Government, but alleged to be inconsistent
with its peace and security."
They ask, therefore, the interposition of Con-
gress on their behalf.
I take leave to add that these gentlemen are
known to me personally, two of them long and
intimately. One of them is the son of one of those
patriots of the Involution of 1776, whose exploits
during that war furnish a part of the proudest his-
tory of his country, and whose valor and military
skill were tested in many battles and so gloriously
proved at Guilford Court-House and at the Cow-
pens, where he led the charge of bayonets. This
gentleman, and the others, I believe to be men of
the very highest integrity, personally and polit-
ically. I believe them to be not less faithful to
the Constitution of the United States than they
are to the government of their own State and to
the duties of the office which they have assumed
under the authority of the State of Maryland. I
do not believe that it is possible to furnish any
proof of any chargc of illegal combination, or of
attempt to obstruct the proper proceedings of the
Government of the United States by any of these
gentlemen. Very sure I am that there is no alle-
gation in any of the proclamations of General
Banks that they have done anything for which
they would be liable in a court of criminal judi-
cature, and therefore nothing which can authorize
their military arrestand detention, and thehumil*
iation to the State of Maryland of the supersed-
ing, by military power, of the civil authorities of
the State. I move the reference of the memorial
to the Committee on tfie Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
NAtAL ACADEMY.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 desire to present to the
Senate the resolutions of the General Assembly of
Rhode Island,welcoming to thatStatethe officers,
professors, and pupils of the Naval Academy, and
tendering to the Federal Government a cession of
jurisdiction over a sufficient territory for the per-
manent accommodation of the Academy. The
attention of the Government and of naval men,
was early attracted to the advantages offered by
Narragansett bay for a naval establishment, lt3
capacious harbor, its depth of water, its facility of
access, its excellent anchorage, it® means of rapid
communication with a dense and martial popula-
tion, its abundant supplies of fresh water, the
unequaled salubrity of its climate, all pointed it
out as intended by nature for a naval rendezvous.
The surveys ordered by the Government re-
port in the highest terms of these advantages, and
note no conflicting disadvantages, except such
as arc easily overcome, and not greater than those
which, in some form or other, must be met at
any point that could be selected. In the report
made in 1830, by a commission composed of offi-
cers of the engineer corps and of the Navy, the
following; are enumerated as the peculiar advant-
ages which Narragansett bay offers:
" Nai ragansett bay offers the following advantages :
"J. ft is Urn only harbor of the. Union on tho Atlantic
wlietc ve^rls can run in with a noil Invest wind—n wind
which, it may be seen m the annexed tables, blows sixty-
five days out of tluee hundred and sixty-five, on an aver-
age.
'• 2 Vessels may reach it by twenty points of the com-
pass, ironi noithwest to east, round by the south.
" A tleot can maneuver under sail within the bay.
u '1. It offer'?, dining the whole year, excellent anchor-
age, pcifectly safe from winds, waves, stonus, or floating
ice.
" f>. ft is abundantly provided With fresh water, to supply
the wants, of a fleet.
" 6. It will be very difficult to blockade it, without aforce
greatly biiperior to that desirous to escape."
Captain Wadsvvorth, in his report of a survey
of Nanagansctt bay, made by order of Congress,
says:
" The bay ic of easy access; the entrance is sufficiently
wide to enable vessels to boat either in or out, with bold
shores, and liee from hidden dangeis or shoals. The course
m is to the run theast—an advantage on this coast peculiar
to tins haibor, and well known and highly appieeiated by
manner1* dining the prevailing westerly winds of winter.
After pacing the line of deep water between Fort Adams
ami the Dumpling, good and >afo anehoiage may be had on
eitliei fide and in almost every part of the bay: indeed,
the whole bav may be considered an excellent man-ot-war
harboi, with the exception of a few spots of foul ground,
easy to be avoided, and other plieea where the water is too
deep tor convenience. The tide,generally, is not rapid,
and in most part- ot the bay there is working room for ves-
sels of any class."
Such, Mr. President, are some of the chicf nat-
ural advantages which Narragansett bay offers
for a naval establishment. I think that they are
unsurpassed; that, on the whole, they are un-
equaled by those that are afforded by any other
waters on our coast. Two other considerations I
think not unworthy to be taken into the account
in estimating the value of a site for a great naval
depot—the loyalty of the people and their mari-
time and naval character. Narragansett bay is
surrounded by a loyal, conservative, Union-lov-
ing population, by men who love liberty and rev-
erence law, and who hold that that is true liberty
which is regulated by law. On all her shore her
waves do not break upon one traitorous rock, or
wash one disloyal beach. For more than two
centuries the people of Rhode Island have proved
that the most jealous regard for freedom is con-
sistent with the highest respect for legally consti-
tuted authority. We have lately seen the lament-
able consequences of erecting great public works
within easy reach of a disloyal population. Not
only has this caused the loss of millions upon
millions of property, but the destruction has oc-
