.,158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
subject to the rules and articles of war, and to trial by gen-
eral courts-martial.
Jlnd be it further enacted, That retired Navy officers may
be assigned to such duties as the Presideut may deem them
capable of performing, and such as the exigencies of the
public service may require.
I hope it is hardly necessary for me to say any-
thing in support of the adoption of the amend-
ment which I-propose. It is but fair, it seems to
me, to the naval officers, and the public interests
require, that if we are to have a retiring board
for the Army, it should apply to the Navy. I
apprehend that there are much stronger reasons
why there should be a retired list in the Navy
than in the Army. It will be observed by gen-
tlemen who compare the amount of pay allowed
to the officers in the Navy with the Army Regis-
ter, published by the House of Representatives,
containing the pay of the officers of the Army,
that the amount that will be allowed to the retired
naval officers under the amendment which I have
submitted will not be as great, in proportion to
then- grade, as the amount that will be allowed to
the officers of the Army of a similar grade. It
will also be observed that we are now paying to
all of these officers, who are inefficient and inca-
pable of rendering the Government any service,
the leave-of-absence pay, which it is proposed
that we shall pay them when they are retired.
We are paying these gentlemen precisely the same
amount that we shall pay them if they are retired.
The only extra expense that the Government will
incur will be the ranking up of junior officers,
"who are capable of rendering the Government
some service, and giving them the pay of the
grade, the duties of which they will respectively
perform.
Mr. President, I think the Senate and the coun-
try have been taught a lesson within the last few
months upon this subject. I think that every one
must be satisfied, and it appears at any rate that
the Secretary of the Navy is satisfied, that the
immense destruction of public property at Nor-
folk was occasioned more on account of the age
and the weakness and the inability of the com-
manding officer, who was upon your active list,
to discharge the duties of his position properly,
than from any other reason; not that he has not
been one of the most gallant and efficient officers
of our service, but the time for his service has
passed by, and the Government ought to have
furnished a retired list 011 which he could have
retired years ago, reputably and safely to himself
and the country. The same thing occurrcd also at
o Pensacola, ana under very similar circumstances.
The object is to retire gentlemen who have served
the country faithfully and well for forty years,
voluntarily if they see fit, (but subject, however,
to be called into the servtce of the country at any
jjnoment that the President of the United States
may ask for t heir services,) and assigned to such
duty as the Secretary of the Navy may deem that
they are capable of perfuming.
Mr. HALE. I do not understand, upon a little
inquiry, that the amendment which is offered by
the Senator from Iowa is recommended by any
committee at all. I am opposed to it, and I am
opposed to the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts; and I will state to the Senate one
or two reasons why 1 am opposed to them now.
I hope 1 shall have the ear of the chairman of the
Committee 011 Military Affairs, though 1 am not
worthy of any particular attention; but I want to
speak to the country.
The other day, for the first time siifee I have
had a seat in eilher House of Congress, (and that
is a good while,) i heard a pioposition, coming
from the Committee 011 Military Affairs, and car-
riccl through by a vote of the Senate, looking1 to
a real reform in the organization of the Army, and
in its administration, and in its pay, which is
enormous—enormous is the only word that can
be applied to it. When the Secretary of the Treas-
ury recommended a icduction of something like
ten percent, on ail salaiies, for the purpose of
prosecuting this war, 1 was glad to see the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, the chairman of the
Military Committee, moving in that direction. I
had heard a great deal of wisdom from his lips,
and 1 was rejoiced to see that he was about to
cairy it into practical effect, and I felt proud of
this movement in the right direction—a direction
that looked to paying men honestly, and cutting
up the fraudulent and ridiculous pretenses by
which they are paid without rendering service. I
was glad to see that movement come from him.
But 1 tell you, sir, Washington is besieged notas
much by the confederate troops as by our own
officers. The Senator from Massachusetts, acting
ujton the dictates of his own moral convictions as to
what was right and proper, reported that bill; and
the Paixhan guns and the batteries of the officers,
with whom this city was filled, were brought to
bear upon him, and even his Roman virtue has
surrendered, and he comes in this morning to blot
out everything that he did, and restore,- as I
understand, brevet pay and commutation and
double rations, and all those hundred and one con-
trivance® to pay men for services that they never
rendered; and then, sir, on top of that, comes one
of the most monstrous propositions that could be
introduced at this time—nothing more nor less
than an extravagant pension list. You may call
it what you choose; itis paying extravagant pen-
sions to men who are past their service. I do not
want to say anything unkind, and I would not.
Sir, I live in a State that has managed to sustain
itself in all the departments of social and civilized
life upon small salaries. "We pay the judges of
our supreme court, the highest of them, §2,000 a
year, and the associate judges $1,800. We retire
them involuntarily at the age of seventy, and we
do not give them the slightest pension on earth
after that, and they have never yet, to my knowl-
edge, suffered.
The Army of the United States has been based
on an entirely different basis, and I believe it is
to pay men the highest salary in proportion as
they are incompetent to render any service. The
longer a man lives, and the older he gets, and the
more incompetent he is, by a lqngevi'ty ration, or
something of that sort, 1 do not know exactly
what it is, the pay bill is so contrived as to pay
those the most who do the least. Now it is pro-
posed, the virtual operation of this .bill is, instead
of reducing the enormous expenses of the sala-
ries of the officers of the Army, to increase them;
and 1 will tell you how. This brevet rank used
to be a very harmless thing when it was first in-
troduced. It was allowing a captain, for instance,
that had performed service, to be what the chil-
dren would call a "make-believe" major. You
made him a brevet major; that is, he was a cap-
tain, but you let him make believe lie was a major.
By and by, it gotintroduced, either by law or prac-
tice, that when these make-believe majors, but
bona fide captains, were in certain conditions and
under certain circumstances, they should receive
the brevet pay of the rank to which they belonged.
My friend the other day moved to cut that off;
the Senate concurred with him, and did cut it off;
but now it is to be restored. What will be the
effect? Here are officers whose duly consists in
sitting in their chairs about six hours a day, and
directing a corps of clerks, that are now receiving
$5,000 or $6,000 a year. They have been bre-
vetted; and by virtue of that brevet, are going to
receive $1,000 or $1,200 a year more. If you
restore these things, and strike out the amend-
ment we made the other day, that will be the effect
of it.
Then, sir, comes in this retired listin the Army
and this retired list in the Navy. X agree per-
fectly that there ought to be a retired list in both
services. My own opinion is—but I do not ask
the Senate to go to that extent—that when the
officers are retired because they are incapable of
rendering service, they ought not to be paid; but
in obedience to the prejudices (if you will have
it so) of the community, I am willing that the
man who, in the Army or the Navy, has served
his country lefng and •faithfully, and is unable to
render more service, shall bo retired, and shall
have a liberal pension, a very liberal pension, but
not anything like what this bill gives. I do not
think, however, this is a time to establish it. This
Congress was called together to meet an extraor-
dmaiy emergency. It was called together to
marshal the physical foi ce of the country in array
against a foe which threatened the very existence
of the nation. Sir, the people of this nation are
taxing themselves willingly, and as no nation on
the face of the earth ever taxed themselves before.
Blood and treasure without stintare at your com-
mand; and I ask you, sir, when the people of this
country are rallying as no people under heaven
ever rallied before, and makinga bulwark of their
living bodies to stand around the ark of the Con-
stitution, if this, of all others, is the time to tax
a people that are putting forth such gigantic ener-
gies; is this a time to overpay and increase the
pay of these officers who are receiving such lib-
eral compensation as they now receive—receiving
a higher compensation than officers of the same
grade in any other service on the face of God's
earth? No, sir. Letus make the necessary ap-
propriations; let us oigamze the Army; but do
not think that it is necessary to pay a price to
the patriotism of officers who are already receiv-
ing $5,000 a year, and adding to that the five, ten,
or twenty per cent, that will be added by the
brevet pay.
I am opposed to this, because we have not time
to examine it as we ought to examine the details
of such a system as this. It is easy to increase
salaries; I never knew one diminished. You may
put as many restrictions on as you can, and my
word for it, if the experience of the past is to be
any guide for the future, they will get from ten
to twenty per cent, more than the law allows any-
how. That has been the administration of the
Navy Department in the express face of the law.
By construction and contrivances, they will go to
the very extent. First you increased the pay of
the Army, because it was not so high as that of
the Navy. You did that a few years ago, and
increased the pay of the Army largely. Then the
Navy, which m 1835 had their pay-list put up
higher than any other navy on the earth, came
forward and wanted another pay-bill made, to put
them on an equality with the Army. They got
that, and the probability is, that it will not be long
before some astute officers in the Army will find
that the Navy are put higher than they are, and
then you will have to raise the pay of the Army
to bring it up to an equality with the Navy. The
tendency of these things is upward; it is to in*
crcase; there are no backward steps in these mat-
ters. Now I do pray the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts—he occupies a commanding posi-
tion at this time; the eyes of the country and the
hearts of the people are with him—I beg him not
to let his good nature be warped by the appli-
ances that are brought to bear 011 him in this city,
and the influences to which all of us are suscep-
tible, and before which more or less of us yield.
I am opposed to this proposition in everything
in which it conflicts with the amendments which
the Senate deliberately voted the other day, and
I am opposed to the whole system of retiring at
the present time, mainly because we have not the
time to give to it that consideration which it de-
serves.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire opposes this measure, and especially so
much of it as provides for a retired list in the
Army. The Senator's views in regard to a retired
list are well known to the .Senate and the country;
and in making this proposition I did not expect
to receive his support. But, sir, the Senator
speaks of the influence of Army officers that be-
siege this capital, as he says, over the members
of the committee, and especially over me. I
have to say in regard to that, that I have labored
night and day, for many days and nights, to fit
and prepare this bill to meet the actual wants of
the country;^ and in doing so, I confess that in
every step of it I have had to meet the interests,
the jealousies, or the prejudices of men connected
with the A.rmy of the United States. But, in
framing this bill, I have endeavored to be gov-
erned wholly and entirely by the public interest,
and not by the wants or the wishes of any par-
ticular men in the Army or in the Departments.
The bill, as introduced the other day, received
several amendments in the Senate. Portions of
it were stricken out, and new clauses were added.
The bill, in a word, was cut to pieces. There
was no consistency in it. I have prepared this
amendment carefully, and endeavored, as far as
possible, in so doing to meet what I understood
to be the will of the Senate.
The first section provides for an Assistant Sec-
retary of War. That such an officer is needed, I
do not see how any man in the Senate can doubt
for a moment. We have an Assistant Secretary
of State and an Assistant Secretary of the Treas-
ury; I believe we are asked now for an Assistant
Secretary of the Navy. The Secretary of War
is overburdened with the duties imposed upon
him by this war. He asks for an Assistant Sec-
retary of War; and the first section provides for
that officer, with a compensation of $3,000 a year.
