162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
irrvbting to strike oat, I vote for the amendment
of the gentleman from New Hampshire, and that
I am opposed to.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator will allow me, for
the purpose of putting the thing right, so that we
can alt vx>te unaerstandingly, just,as we want to
vote, I will, with the permission of the Senate,
divide my own amendment, and in the first place
move to strike out all of the substitute which re-
lates to the retiring board,'leaving the sections I
ptopose to insert to be considered afterwards.
Mr.WILSON. TheSenatorfrom NewHamp-
shirojifIunderstand him aright,divideshisformer
proposition, with the consent of the Senate, and
now simply proposes to strike out so much of
the bill as relates to the retiring board. Now, I
desire to say a single word to the Senator from
Kansas, in regard to the preparation of a plan on
this subject. Bills have been reported in both
Houses by the Military Committees, over and
over.again, to retire these officers in the Army;
and if it had not been from the trouble growing
out of the administration of the old law in regard
to the Navy, I have no doubt such a bill would
have passed Congress. Those bills have been
considered in this Capitol during the last five or
six years, at nearly,e'ycry session. This identi-
cal bill has been examined by the Secretary of
War, and by the Adjutant General. It went to
General Scott, and was examined in the most
careful manner by him, and very slightly mod-
ified—modified rather in favor of the officers;
for the old General thought that when we retired
these old officers, and there were to be very few
of them, the nation ought to deal justly, if not
liberally with them. Let me tell the Senator from
Kansas that this matter has been discussed and
examined over and over again, and if you resolve
this Senate into a committee to examine it for a
•week, in my judgment, you cannot add anything
to it.
Now, sir, let me say a single word in regard
to the importance of it. This Congress ought not
to adjourn without passing some such measure.
It would be unjust to the country, and unjust to
the Army. Why, sir, tyke the four regiments of
artillery, the most important part of the Army.
Four of those colonels ought to be retired. Not
one of those colonels to-day, owing to their age
Qr infirmities, or other causes, will be ordered into
the field. Two of the fout lieutenant colonels are
in the same condition, and^ome of the majois.
Go to your other regiments, and you wilt find
worn out, sick, or disabled officers in high posi-
tions. They cannotgointo the field at the call of the
country. You have to pay thorn where they are.
Age adds to their receipts. They render no ser-
vice whatever; and the younger officers who arc
callcd into the field, captains to command regi-
ments, are to receive the pay of captains to fight
the battles of the country, and have no promo-
tion. Is this just? Why, sir, I saw the old
fourth infantry enter this city a few weeks ago,
from Texas, under the command of a captain.
The truth is, and if you take the Army Register,
and examine it carefully, you will find it so, that
as you approach towards the head of the Army,
your officers are paralyzed by age.
Now, what we want to do is this; we do not
wish to do any injustice; but wc allow the men
who have served the country for forty years to
retire honorably, if they choose to do so, and if
not, to have an examining board, and retire those
men on a compensation that nobody objects to;
and which the Senator from New Hampshire in
reality thinks too liberal. That Senator does not
want men retired, for the reason that ho does not
want pensioncis. He does not want to deal so
liberally with these men. He thinks that when
they cease to render service to the country, they
ghould be flung off.
Mr. HALE. No, sir; I said I was willing to
give them a liberal pension.
Mr. WILSON. I thought the Senator was
opposed to pensioning old men. i understood
)um to pay he did not like this pension system.
The Senator's argument on the one side ceitainly
was in that direction; and on the other he ar-
. yaigned the injustice of the retiring board towards
ihe Nayy? an(l I tl>ink justly. I think it was not
so much' the fault of that law ap the administra-*
tion of the Jaw; and I think the experiences of
^ that very Navy board, and the feeling it aroused
" in the country, in regard to their secret action, and
the suspicions excited, will he a perpetual warn-
ing to the boards raised at this time to avoid the
rock on which they split.
Now, sir, I know it is the wish of General
Scott, of the Secretary of War, of the Adjutant
General, of all who want to add to the efficiency
ofthe Army at this time,that so much of this prop-
osition as relates to the Army should be adopted.
It cannot reach over seven per cent, of the Army
officers, and will not exceed that; but there are
officers in most important positions who cannot
go into the field at all; and I think, sir,and [ hope
the Senate will so think, that the proposition I
have presented ought to be adopted by the Senate.
Mr. HALE. Before the Senator sits down, I
wish he would tell the Senate how much this sub-
stitute proposes to pay colonels who cannot ren-
der any service to the country? How much it
proposes to pay them a month for doing nothing?
Mr. WILSON. I think if the Senator will read
the nineteenth and twentieth sections, he will see
what they are to have.
Mr. HALE. State it briefly.
Mr. WILSON. A commissioned officer, in-
capable of performing his duties, who is placed
on the retired list, will receive the following pay
and allowances:
" The pay piopw of the highest rank hold by him at the
time of his lotiromont, whether fov stall'm regimental com-
mission. the semec lattons to which he may then he enti-
tled, (including genoial ofticei* who m;iy he letireil.) and
the uvular allowance, as fixed hv law, for one sei vant, and
without any oihet pay 01 allowance*."
Mr. 1IALE. 1 think, if you pass this bill, the
highest ambition of these officers will be to get on
the retired list. It is giving a premium on idle-
ness, gout, rheumatism, and everything of that
sort that renders a nu\n incompetent for his busi-
ness. This bill gives him the highest rank pay
that ho was ever entitled to, when he gets too
incompetent to render any service.
Mr. BAKER. I do not quite understand the
question. Will the Chair explain what the exact
question is?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire to strike outall relating to the retiring hoard.
Mr. RAKER. 1 shall vote in favor of striking
out, merely upon the ground that I do not think
we can perfect a system at this session.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 shall voteagainststrikingout,
because 1 think it is ourduty to pcrfectil, and per-
fet t it now—now of all other times. When shall
we want an efficient Army and an efficient Navy if
wc do not want thorn now? Wait for peace,and
then get an efficient Army and an efficient Navy!
Why really,.sir, f do not understand such a doc-
trine as that. The plea that wc have not time to
attend to this measurcuat the present session of
Congress, .seems to mo can be made with a great
deal more force, m respect to any other subject
before us than tins. This, of all other subjects,
is the subject for which the President called us
together. This, of all other subjects, is the sub-
ject on which the country nerds our aid and ac-
tion; and what is proposed? It is said by the
honorable chairman of the Committer* on Mili-
tary Affairs, and we all know it to be true, that
there is in the Army of the United States a large
number of officers of high rank, who, from age
and long service, have become incompetent to per-
form duty. Do we want to keep these men in the
Army during the lime when,of all others, we want
active and efficient men? I say, no; and I am not
deterred from ptoceeding in regard to th is amend-
ment by the intimation of the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire, that we are going to pay
men large sums for rendering no service. I would
rather pay men large sums for rendering no ser-
vice, and have them stand out of the way of men
who can render service, than to keep those men
who cannot fender scrvice in their places, thus
rendering no service themselves, and ptcventing
service such as we need fiom being rendered by
others.
But, sir, by no moans do I agree with the doc-
trine that we arc going to pay men for rendering
no service. 1 say these old officers who have
spent the best of their lives in the service, who
have become worn out in exposing their lives for
the benefit of the country, ought to be retired, and
ought to be retired on sufficient pay to support
them handsomely during life; and 1 understand
the honorable Senator from New Hampshire to
agree with me in that opinion. I have understood
him to say over and over again that be was op-
posed to pensioning men upon this Government,
and paying men for doing no service; but at the
same lime I understand him to say he would nor.
turn these old officers away penniless, friendless,
homeless, and do nothing for them. On the con-
trary, I understand him to .say that he would pay
them a reasonable compensation. Very well. 14
the amount proposed by this bill as it now stands
is too large, you may propose a sum that is right
and just, and I will vote for that. We have time
to do it. He has considered the subject. He for
years has looked at this subject, and he is pre-
pared,! presume, to say how much these men
ought to have. If the bill as it now stands, ad-
vocated by the chairman of the Committee ou
Military Affairs, proposes too much, I am pre-
pared to go with the Senator from New Hamp-
shire and vote for a smaller sum; but what I say
and what I insist upon is this; let us at all events
infuse vitality, life, energy, into our Army and
Navy, and away with the notion that we now
have not time to do it." If we have not time to do
it personally, let us resign our seats and go home
and have them filled by men who have time to
attend to the most important, the most essentially
important business that we can possibly be en-
gaged in. I hope, therefore, that the proposed
amendment to strike out these sections will not
be adopted; repeating that if it allows too muclr
money as it now stands, for men who are not per-
forming service to receive, 1 will vote to reduce it;
but I will vote to do something when it is sp es-
sential that something should be done.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, I will see. if I
cannot answer the very clear statement of the
Senator from Connecticut. We are called here
for war measures. The question is, is this a war
measure? Now, it will not put any other officer
in the field, orany better officer in the field, whether
wc do or do not pass this bill at this session. It
is a question pertaining to the regular organiza-
tion of the Army. It is not a matter pertaining
to its present immediate condition. The Senator
from Massachusetts says it is so; and in that I
differ with him. If it was that I would vote for
it. The Government may call upon any officer
to perform any duty it likes, whether there is
an old colonel or general not fit to go info the
field or not. I can give the Senator an instance
now, at this hour, when during what I suppose
to be a battle imminent, pending, if not occurring
to-day, gentlemen who are or have been majors,
are commanding armies as large as field mar-
shals once would have been proud to command
m the days of Napoleon; and I can show him
men never under fire who are commanding bri-
gades and divisions, on account of the exigencies
of the campaign. That state of things may just
as well continue, if it continue at all, in relation
to the questions arising out of the retiring board,
as not.
I repeat to the Senator from Massachusetts, that
by the provision moved to be stricken out, you
will not put any more efficient officer in the field
than you have now. You may do it next year or
the year after. That we can provide for; but now
in this crisis, in a war to be over by February at
any rate, as I believe,you will not. Now, whether
the pay is enough or too little, 1 do not very well
know. Whether the bill will carry out the object
the Senator and myself have in common I am not
sure; but I think we have.no time to perfect that
now as I think it ought to be perfected. The re-
marks of the Senator from New Hampshire m
regard to the late naval retiring board arc very
instructive to me. With all the pains we could
take on that subject, we filled the country with
astonishment, if not with shame; and I do not
propose to commit that mistake as to the Army.
While, therefore, my judgment is that a retiring
board is very necessary, and that there are a good
many Army officers who ought not to serve, and
while I think they ought to be paid a reasonable
compensation for past services, I am not wiliing
now to take up the time of the Senate and House
by perfecting a bill of that sort, which, in my
judgment, will not put one single efficient officer
in the field more than there is now, until the gieat
battles on which the Government is to depend are
fought and won.
iVlr. TEN EYCK. Mr. President, I am in
favor of the proposition of the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs. I am in favor
