1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
of retiring these officer, and upon the amount of
pay proposed by this bill. My opinion is, that
that when a man offers himself, his safety, and
his life, for the piotection of the country, lie
should be maintained while he is in active ser-
vice; and when he gets too old to serve the coun-
try, he should be maintained in honorable retir-
acy. Why, sir, while we sit here deliberating
in cool debate, there are men periling their lives
for the safety of this country; and, according to
the doctrine of the Senator from New Hampshire,
when they shall 'have grown old, they are to be
turned adrift, like horses, to die; nay, they are to
be dismissed from the Army, and to be charac-
terized as drones and idlers. Sir, the man who
serves his country, and is willing to render his
blood and his life for that country, to enable me
to sit beneath the shadow of the stars and stripes
in the Capitol of my country, I am willing to
sustain while he is lighting, and also when he
is crippled with gout and iheumatism and the
infirmities#of age.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to say a single word
in reply to the Senator from Oregon, though I do
not see him in the Chamber. In regard to this
being a war measure, I say here, to-day, most
emphatically, that the reason this bill is pressed
at this session, is to add to the efficiency of the
Army for the present war; and I think if the Sen-
ator will study the Army Register he will see the
absolute necessity of it. The Senator says that
majors in the Army are before the enemy to-day
commanding divisions, commanding bodies of
men that a marshal of France would have been
proud to lead 111 the days of the First Empire.
That is so, sir; but why is it that majors are lead-
ing divisions to-day? It is because your old of-
ficeis of higher command are unable to go into
the field and take command. We have several
officers—a large number in proportion to our
Army—who are utterly incapable to go into the
field; men from seventy to eighty-five years of
age, worn out by disease. Are your regiments
of artillery, arc your other regiments to be com-
manded in this war by captains? Is it right? Or
is it not right to say to these brave old officers,
"you are unable to serve us in this crisis of the
country; you served us ably, faithfully, and
bravely, when you had life and strength to give
your country; now we will retire you honorably,
and with a compensation that is ample;" and then
bring forward the younger men who have the
power to lead the armies of the Republic to vic-
tory ?
I do not agree with gentlemen that this war is
to be ended in a day or two; but whether it be 01*
not, 1 think, by all means, these brave and true
old officeis who are unable to serve the country,
should be placed quietly, peacefully, and honor-
ably aside with a reasonable compensation, which
1 do not believe this nation will grudge; and that
captains and majors, men who arc to-day sixty
years of age, who have* served as captains twenty
or thirty years; men, however, of vigor, may
come forward and takg the command of regiments,
or take their proper places with the Army of the
country in the field. 1 hope the Senate will stand
by my proposition, for I know that all who arc
desituus for the most efficient organization of this
Army are exceedingly anxious th.it it should
pass. Of the Navy, I know nothing.
Mr. FESSEND&N. Mr. President, I do not
wish to detain the Senate, but simply to express
two ideas that I have in relation to this subject.
I know very little about the details of this pro-
posed retired list; but 1 understand that'my friend,
the chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
and my friend from Iowa, who have taken some
interest in this matter, are at last tolerably well
agreed upon it; and if they are, I am ready to take
it upon the faith of what js satisfactory to them.
But 1 wish to say that I do not agree by any
means that we nre necessarily to be exposed to the
inconvenience eternally of keeping men at the
head of legiments or in command who are per-
fectly unfit for service, on the ground that if wc
retire them we are supporting men who are ren-
dering no service at all. What service are they
rendering as long as they stay there ? None; but
they stcjy as a mattei of form, and they stay there
simply because they do not choose to resign, for
a very good reason, and we do not choose, be-
cause it would bo ungracious to do so, to remove
them from their commands. Why, sir, the ten-
dency of keeping such men in commands in times
like these, or in any times, is to repress the ener-
gies and the ambition of all those who arc inferior
to them in position. It is not just to younger
men; and it would not be just, as I thinlc, to re-
move them without providing a decent compe-
tency for theremamderoftheirlives. When these
men go into office, they go with the assurance
that so long as they behave well and do their duty
they_ are to be provided for by their country, ac-
cording to existing laws. Does it follow from
that that we are compelled to keep them in that
position where they arc m the way of everybody
else, and in fact in the way of the public service,
simply because they have happened by age to at-
tain that position, being unfit for service at the
time? No, sir; I agree to no such idea; and I see
nothing in the world that is opposed to demo-
cratic principles, nothing anti-republican, nothing
even unkind or ungenerous or contrary to usage
in any part of the world in saying to them, "You
shall have a reasonable competency for the re-
mainder of your lives, but you must not stand in
the way of the service of your country;" and 110
honorable man would wish to do it. I see no
objection to it, therefore, 011 principle. I have
long thought that we should have a retired list
both for the Army and the Navy, to render both
arms of the service effectual. They cannot bg
effectual so long as the younger, energetic spirit
of the service is depressed by such an incubus as
this at the head of it, in my judgment.
So far as that is concerned, I have said all that
I wish to say. One word more upon the matter
of time. A great deal has been said about our not
having time to do this. Why, sir, the country
ceitainly must be well informed upon that sub-
ject. Nobody desires to stay heie less than I do.
We are staying here at our own expense every
day. We are paying our own bills. We are not
adding one dollar to the expenditure of the coun-
try itself; and therefore our staying here can be
attributed to no bad motive. It is a sacrifice we
make to the country, or rather it is thedischaige
of our duty; but because it happens to be at a time
when it is desirable for nobody to sit here, we
ought not to avail ourselves of this cry about a
short session—although 1 am anxious to have it
short—to the extent of neglecting our duty, or
refusing to consider what we ought to consider.
Sir, in this crisis 1 consider myself bound tostuy
here on this spot until ail the bills that are neces-
sary for the present emergency arc passed. This
idea of passing bills at railroad speed, without
consideration, simply because we,ought to get
through, is no argument to me. We ought not to
get through until we have done the business of
the country, and done it at our own expense. We
make long sessions or shoit ones, to suit our-
selves, at other times. We have annual salaries.
Now that the exigency is upon us, let us dischaigc
our duty and stay until the work is done, and
not talk about not having time. We have time
enough.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 27; as follows:
VT/AS —Messiss. Haker, l>umhnm, ijieckunnlsre, C:u!ile.
Flute, Johnson of T* Miie-^ee, Johnson ol .Mi — outj5 Lane ol
Kans.is, I'ow ell. !itu\, ami Sherman—11
XAYS—M'-sjv. \nfhony, liiownms, Chandler. Cl:i,k,
Cowan. Divni, Doolittle, Fewnden, Foot, Foster. (jnme<,
JJowe, Ki nnedv, Latham, Mv Douunli, Xc-nuib, Itiee, Si,n-
nioiijs, Sumrici, Ten Kuk, Thomson, Titimbuil, Wade,
Wilkinson, Willey, Wiiinot, and Wilson—'21.
So the motion to strike out was disagreed to.
Mr. RICE. 1 offer the following amendment,
to come in in section twenty, at the end of the
nineteenth line:
Jin<l piovidrd also, That should the Inevet Lieutenant
Geneia! be K-tnrd under tins act, it shaJl be without ledue
tarn m Jus eunent pay, subr-i.nenee, oi allowance^.
Mr. IIALE. I want to raise a question of order
on that. It is a private claim on a general appro-
priation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT That is not the
impression of the Chair.
Mr. COLLAMER and Mr. FOSTER. It is
not an appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill itself is
not an appropriation bill; and if it were, it would
be the opinion of the Chair that the amendment
would come within the lule.
Mr. WILSON. I do not think it is nccossary
to put the amendment in the bill; but the Senator .
has made the motion; it is before the Senate and I
the country, and I therefore think it had better
be put in the bill; as, if it should Ife voted down,
there might be some misconstruction of our mo-
tives and intentions in doing so.
Mr. HALE. There is one consideration, I
think, that would protect the Lieutenant General.
The provision is, that an officer cannot be put 011
the retired list except on the report of his senior
officers.
The question being taken; on a division, tfle
result was—ayes 22, noes 8; no quorum voting.
A sccond division resulted—ayes 25, noes 9;
110 quorum voting.
Mr. LANE, ot* Kansas. I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, lesulted—yeas 29, nays II; as follows;
YEA8-—Messrs, Anthony, Baker. Uiovvning. Chandler,
Clailc, Collamoi, Cowan, Di\on, Doohttle. Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, GrrniPu, Howe, Johnson ot'Tennes*ee, Lane
ot Kansas, Latham, McDotigall, Polk, Pomerny* Rice,
Sauisbmy. Sherman, Simmon?-, Sumnei, Tim JCyeU, Thom-
son, Wilkinson, and Wilson—-29.
NAYS—Me«sr<. Bingham, Breckinridge, Carlile, Hale,
Johnson of Missouri, King, Powell, Trumbull, Wade, Wil-
iey, and Wiimot—11.
So the amendment of Mr. Rice was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. The necessity for this retired list,
if I understand tiic Senator from Massachusetts,
is found in the condition of the artillery, and the
proposition is, to retire these gentlemen upon the
highest pay of their rank. I have taken occasion
to look at the Army Register, and I want to give
the Senate a statement of the pensions they are
voting to these gentlemen. The colonel of the
first regiment of artillery receives §3,365 94; the
colonel of the second artillery, $3,917 60; the
colonel of the third, $3,553 36; and the colonel
of the fourth, $3,018 60. Very patriotic, very
eloquent, very pathetic, touching, and effective
appeals have been made to the Senate in behalf
of these veterans. 1 feel them all, and a good deal
more. The Sertate diel not attend to the remarks
of the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, in pressing this measuie, so minutely as
I wish they had. He said a good many of these
coloncls, "from age and other causes," it would
not do to call into the field. I wish the Senator
had gone on and stated what some of the " other
causes " were; but as lie did not, 1 will not. I
do not know but that some of th^se allowances
may be now cut off, some few pounds of hay or
something of that kind; but I suppose this to be
the substantial pay, the substantial pension that
you are voting to gentlemen who cannot render
any service,and have not done so for a good while,
I move to amend the section, wheie it says the
whole of their pay, so as to reduce it to half, so
that the pay which you give these gentlemen,
whom you thus letire, instead of being the full
pay, shall be half pay. I move to insert the word
" half " befoie " pay.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire has woiked out the amounts to which these
colonels ere entitled 
Mr. HALE. I have not worked it out, but
took it from (he Register.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Grimes,] taking one case to which he refers,
shows this result now: Colonel Gates receives at
the pt esetit time §5,553 36. If the sections which
i propose shall pass, he will receive $S.856 80,
being a reduction ot nearly 50 per cent. He ren-
ders no service now, and receives $5,500. Pass
this measure, and he will render no service, and
receive $2,800. What is true of him is true of
others; but perhaps not in the same ratio.
Mr. GRIMES. Is not an amendment pend-
ing? *
The VICE PRESIDENT. There isan amend-
ment offered by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, in section nineteen, line five, after the word
" withto insert " half" before " the pay. "
Mr. HALE. Upon that amendment I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered,
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 desire the amendment
to be read once more; it is short, and it will not
take long to read it.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Tn scction nineteen, line fiv \inseii "half;" so as to
nj.ike it lead : " half the pay and emoluments allowed by
this act."
Mr. COLLAMER. I believe there are no
emoluments allowed by this act at all.
