184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
Mr. FOSTER. And no pay allowed; it refers
to existing pay.
Mr. WILSON. The provision is, that a re-
tired officer shall receive " the pay proper of the
highest rank held !>y him at the time of his retire-
ment,, whether by staff or regimental commis-
sion, the service rations to which he may then be
entitled, (including general officers who may be
retired,) and the regular aljowance as fixed by
law, for one servant, and without any other pay
or allowances " All the other pay and allow-
ances are cut off.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand the amend-,
merit is to confine it to one half pay.
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. Thatshould notbe"one
halfthe pay and emoluments allowed by this act."
As I view it, the objcct is to.pay them half the
pay which they receive in the service; not half
the pay allowed by this bill.
1 am not at-all satisfied with what seems to
be a sort of sophistry that is used on this occa-
sion. "We are told that it is necessary to make
this provision, because these men have more now
than they will get under this bill; but itshould be
remembered tlmt while they are having that, wo
do not have another set to pay the same thing;
■whereas, if we retire them, we shall have another
set to pay all that they get, and have to pay tliem
too. The question is, what the men ought to have
when retired; not that wo are crowded into it now,
because we are paying them full pay, they not
being retired. My impression—it may be wrong,
but is old, and based in a great measure on the
experience of other nations—is, that the true prin-
ciple, the one which experience has shown is just,
is, that when you make a retiring list, men should
retire upon it with half pay when they cease ser-
vice. But, after all, that, in my opinion, should
not he applied in the same way to officers of the
highest and the lowest rank. TJie half pay of a
lieutenant would not be a support. 1 think the
amendment should be that they should retire upon
half the pay to which they were entitled at the
time of their being retired, provided that the same
should never be less, by the year, than a certain
named sum, say $400 a year, so as to give a man
a support.
Mr. HALE. 1 am willing to adopt that.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am willing to be liberal,
say §500.
Mr. HALE. Some suggest to add more; but
I would not. One would suppose, from some re-
mark!) made here, that 1 had been proposing to
pick these gentlemen's pockets. I am willing to
pay them liberally, very liberally; more than I
think they ought u> have, and 1 do it in obedience
to the prejudices that surround me. I am will-
ing to accept the modification proposed by the
Senator from Vermont. Put in " halfthe monthly
'"iVJtr. COLLAMER. "To which they were
entitled at the time of their muniment."
Mr. HALE. I will not alter the words of the
hill u bit. I will give half the pay fixed in tins
bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. Tins bill does -not give
them the pay to which they arc entitled in the
service,
Mr. HALE. I have been trying a great while
to get, and I nt'ver could get the Senate, or more
than three or four to go with me, to vote that we
would pay these officers a fixed sum, so that we
might know what we paid them. 1 have tried
that until I am tired. 1 do not think I have been
in cither House a single year that 1 have not
made the motion; but I have been confronted by
a solid net of philosophical reformers that are in
favor of economy of the public money eternally
until they come to vote, and then they are against
it. I have made that motion over and over again,
and always been voted down.
Then, sir, { have made another motion here,
met by the same sturdy opposition, that tho pay
and emoluments of any of these officers, except
the highest one, should not exceed $5,000 per
annum, and these economical friends of freedom
that surround me, almost in a solid column, voted
with the iron majority on the other side against
me. This pay on one side i  l?ke the laws of the
Modes and Persians, never altered. That is on
one side. You cannot pull it down; but it is eter-
nally altered to go up.
Now, I have the Register before me, and I am
not going to cipher, but to read. Here is the
lieutenant colonel of the third regiment of ar-
tillery. What do you suppose he gets in the
shape of rations? One would suppose that one
ration a day was enough for a man. What do
you suppose the lieutenant colonel of the third
regiment of artillery gets in rations? Why, sir,
the small sum of $1,999 20! When it is pro-
posed to amend that, and give him a fixed sum,
the cry is, "Oh,no, that will aim at the Army
radically. You are opposed to the Arm^, because
you do not want-to pay a man $2,000 a year in
rations." And so, sir, in whatever shape reform
presents itself, it is always kicked out of doors
in the Senate, until the other day, I thought the
day star was about to arise when I saw the
chairman of the Military Committee report a few
amendments that would go to rectifying these
abuses. I went to sleep, and I thank God I slept
one night under the delusion. But I have come
in here, and it is gone. The Senator has backed
out, abandoned his own provisions.
Now, sir, I am willing to give these gentlemen
half pay, instead of the whole of their highest
pay; and I am willing to adopt the qualification of
the Senator from Vermont, that it shall in no case
be less than $500. 1 am ready to take the bill just
as it stands, divided by two. Where the Senator
from Massachusetts gives the whole, 1 am will-
ing to give half, with the modification of the Sen-
ator from Vermont; and if we do not do that, or
something like it, in Heaven's name do not, when
you go home, ever talk about the abuses of the
Democrats; do not ever talk about Buchanan's
administration, or Floyd, or anybody else, if
we ave not willing to put our little finger on one
of their abuses, to correct and reform it, let us at
least have the decency to hold our tongues about
them. I will for one, at least, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am very glad to hear what
has fallen from the Senator from New Hamp-
shire; and 1 should like very much to call his at-
tention to an amendment that I shall offer. I pro-
pose to strike out from line seven to line twelve,
m the twentieth section,so that itwill readasfol-
lows:
The .pay proper of tho rank in the line held by him attlic
time ot' hh retirement, and without any other pay or
allowance*.
This will make it definite, so that we know pre-
cisely what each officer will get. We have the
law before us which-fixcs the pay proper of an
officer oPthe Army of each grade. This amend-
ment of mine will give to a colonel in the engi-
neers $110 month, to a first lieutenant $50 a
month or $600 a year, to a second lieutenant $45
a month or about five hundred dollars a year, a
sum barely sufficient to obtain the ordinary ne-
cessaries of life, but 1 think amply sufficient for
a person who does no service to the country. I
believe this will put it in a better form than that
proposed by the Senator from New Hampshire.
The proposition as it is framed in the bill before
us, still keeps up the allowances for servants, for-
age,and the like, and leaves theumountindefinite;
while the amendment which I now move will
make the proposition simple, and the annuity paid
by the Government to each of the retired officers
will bo fixed without any question or dispute. 1
hope my amendment will be agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator read it again?
Mr. SHERMAN. I propose so to amend the
twentieth section as to allow the retired officer
"the pay proper of the rank in the line held by
him at the time of his retirement, without any
pay or allowances."
Mr. HALE. Now read what that will be from
the Register.
Mr. SHERMAN. The law fixes the pay proper.
The pay proper of a colonel in the corps of en-
gineers is $110 a month, of a colonel in the dra-
goons §110, of a colonel in the artillery or infan-
try §95; the pay proper of a lieutenant colonel,
£80; of a major #70, and so on. The pay is fixed
by law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment submitted by the Sen-
ator ft om New Hdmpshire.
Mr. HALE. I will withdraw that and accept
the substitute proposed by the Senator from Ohio.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from New Hampshire can be with-
drawn by the unanimous consent of the"' Senate.
The Chair hears no objection. The question,
then,is on the amendment submited by the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
Mr. COLLAMER. The amendment no\v pro-
posed comes very near what I think is a bare sup-
port, and I am willing to agree to it.
The amendment of Mr. Sherman was agreed
to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I beg leave to offer another
amendment.' I move to strike out sections two,
three, six, and seven, and in lieu of them to in-
sert:
Jlnd be it further enaeted, That the President be, and is
hereby, authorized to appoint, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, eight assistant adjutant generals,
six commissaries of subsistence, four quartermasters and
twenty assistant quartermasters, ten surgeons and twenty
assistant surgeons, t^havc the pay, rank, and allowances,
and pef'oim the dutie^f similar officers in the present mili-
tary ♦•stabiishment, and to hold their offices three years un-
less sooner discharged.
The objection that I have to the bill, as it now
stands, is, that it increases the pay of each officer
in the Adjutant General's department* each sur-
geon, each officer in the Quartermaster's depart-
ment, and each commissary of subsistance, and
it does it in an indirect and improper way. It does
not propose to increase the salary directly b.y an
addition of so much to the pay, but gives to cer-
tain officers the pay of another officer, a major of
cavalry, and that pay is higher than their present
pay; so that the bill indirectly increases tho pay
of every officer of tho staff of the Army. That is
the effect of it; and, besides that, it increases it
about eighty per cent. In the Adjutant General's
office there are now twelve, I believe—if 1 am
mistaken, the Senator from Massachusetts will
correct me—this proposes to increase the number
to twenty; and the same increase is provided for
ail the staff departments of the Army. It increases
the number and the pay, and it makes this increase
permanent; because,! take it, that when you add
to the staff of the Army, the persons who hold
commissions in that staff will never resign them;
they will never retire from them; they will rarely
die; they will live to a long old age—that we
know. Nearly all the heads of the stuff of the
Army now are very old men.
The amendment which I propose substitutes,
in place of these sections, a proposition to increase,
for the time, the staff of the Army, by adding so
many surgeons,so many quartermasters, so many
commissaries, so many assistant adjutant gen-
erals; and it makes the increase at the bottom of
the list, instead of the top. Without this amend-
ment, I must say, 1 cannot vote for this bill; for
I will not allow the temporary exigency that
now presses upon us to be made the excuse by
every officer of the Army and Navy to add largely
to the permanent expenses of this Government,
h is my duty to say to the honorable gentleman
at the head of the Military Committee, that if he
allows this pressure on him to prevail, he will
find that at the end of this war, when we have
to saddle a large permanent debt on the country,
when we shall be called upon to raise taxes to
pay ext>rbitantin terest, we shall have the expenses
of this Government increased to so large a degree
that the people themselves will not tolerate it;
and every permanent increase we make to the
Army and Navy, and every addition to the per-
manent expenditures of this Government, will, in
my judgment, injure the public credit, and pre-
vent the accomplishment of what we so much
desire—the speedy subjection of this rebellion.
Mr. WILSON. I will say, in regard to what
the Senator has said about what will happen at
the close of the war, that it will be time enough,
in my judgment, to settle these matters then. The
people will know what they want, and I think we
shall know what the people desire. That is my
judgment in regard to this matter of organizing
the Army. But, sir, I shall not object to the
amendment moved by the Senator, if he will make
the proper modifications. I thought the Senate
had settled the question that the Adjutant General
should have the rank and title of brigadier gen-
eral. ["Oh, no!"] I am told that I am mistaken
in regard to that.
If the Senator will agree to modify his amend-
ment, so as to provide that the additional staff
officers shall be selected and promoted according
to existing laws and regulations, I will consent to
strike out all these sections, except the seventh
section; and I hope the Senator will not ask to
have the seventh section stricken out. I think it
