1861.
. THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
16§
one of great importance, and one that will meet,
in aspccial numnei, the wants of the Army, if
we are to have a battle, I hope the Senate will
aot strike that out. It is a small matter in itself,
but brings into the field fifty young men who have
studied medicine for two years, and who have
attended a course of lectures, at a very small rate,
who are to do the duties of a surgeon's mate in
the hospitals of the country. I think the Senator
ought not to move to strike that out*, but should
be content to let that stand, a'nd change the other
sections of the bill; and I will consent to that, if
lie will put in under existing laws and regula-
tions;5' for I think men ought to be selected for
these places according to the practice! and laws
at present, and that a fre*sh lot of imported poli-
ticians ought not to be forced into these places as
mere jobbers.
I dare say the Senator knows—at any rate I
do—that during the last four months this city has
been thronged with men who want to get into
the Commissary departmentand into the Quarter-
master's department—men who think they can
do business better than the officers of the Army,
who are very anxious to tender their services to
the country, but want to tender their services in
place where they have an idea that they can
make some money, 1 do not want those fellows
in the service of the country, I want this war
carried on h\ the most economical manner. I
want to do justice to the Army officers of all
kinds and all grades, and I want to protect the
Treasury of the United States against men who
are anxious to get into these places simply for
the purpose of taking care of themselves. If the
Senator will consent to the modification I pro-
pose, and leave the seventh section, I will agree
with him to strike out these other sections; and
certainly, on reflection, he will come to that con-
clusion.
Mr. SHERMAN, The amendment was care-
fully drawn, with a view to allow the President
ample loom and verge in making these appoint-
ments, ft is impossible to take away from the
regular line the increased number of officers pro-
vided for the stalT by this bill, without impairing
the service of some other department. 1 doubt
very much whether these officers could be taken
from the lino of the Army without drawing from
it many experienced men, who are more useful
in the line. I take it for granted, of course, that
the President will appoint good men, and will not
appoint mere politicians. He will he careful in
making these appointments; and as they am mere
temporary appointments, I think it is better to
leave the matter with him.
Another objection occurs to me. An officer of
the Army would not accept a commission which
ran for but three years. If the Presidentappointed
a regular officer to perform these duties, he prob-
ably would decline, because the commission ran
for but three years. If the Senator would say that
the Presidentshould appointgraduatesofthe Mil-
itary Academy, I might agree with him; but that
would be improper; and I think it better to leave
the President to make the selection.
In regard to the seventh section, I do not see
why any Senator should propose such a section.
We have medical colleges all over this country
that prepare young men better for active duty than
the Army can, or any Army surgeon I have ever
met. We have a great number of medical insti-
tutions, and the young men from those medical
institutions are better fitted to perform the duties
pointed out by the seventh section, than any per-
sons likely to be appointed; but still, to accom-
modate the Senator from Massachusetts, I will
withdraw the seventh section from the operation
of my amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be .so modified.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. KING. I should like to know whether
it is intended that the addition to the medical staff
shall be a permanent addition? I suppose, from
the frame of the section, it is so intended.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer an amendment as a
separate section 
Mr. HALE. Before that is put, I want to ask
a question of the Chair as a point of order. I
offered an amendment some time ago, and, on a
suggestion, divided if. The Chair put the quos*
tion on one part of my amendment, but I have not
heard of any vote being taken on the other part.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did not
understand that any division of the question was
asked.
Mi\ HALE. I proposed an amendment which,
under the rules of the Senate, was not divisible;
but, by unanimous consent, I was permitted to
divide iu The Senate voted on one branch of it;
but, on the other branch of the amendment, no
vote hdfe been taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
not aware of any such division.
Mr, HALE That was the fact, sir*
The VICE PRESIDENT> The Senator from
New Hampshire proposes an amendment, which
will be read*
Mr. HALE. { wish the vote taken on each of
these propositions separately. Read the first one.
The Secretary read the following amendment,
proposed by Mr. Hale;
Jindbe it further cnacted* That so much of the sixth sec-
tion ofiUeactof August 23, 1840, as allows additional or
double rations to generals or other officers commanding
geographical departments or divisions, or to the command-
ant of cach permanent or fixed post garrisoned with troops,
be, and the same is hereby, repealed. * *$
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that this amendment was not offered while
the present incumbent was in the C^hair; and
hcnce the mistake. . *
Mr. WILSON. I would suggesfto the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire a slight modification
of his proposition. In the present exigencies of
the country, in actual service, with military com-
manders assigned to divisions where armies are
in the field, I think it would be better to strike
out that portion of the amendment which relates
to them, and confine it to commandants of perm-
anent and fixed posts garrisoned with troops.
You have recently organized new departments,
and put military commanders over them in active
service, whose expenses in moving over the coun-
try are necessarily very heavy. I think, there-
fore, we had better let their rations stand as they
arc during the war; and when the war is over,
we can arrange it. These men are in the field
doing actual duty, and to cut down their rations
may in reality impose a heavy burden on them;
but I think we may now very well cutoff double
rations from officers stationed in fixed fortifica-
tions with garrisons.
Mr. HALE. I will accept the modification
proposed by the chairman of the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be so modified.
Mr, LANE, of Kansas. I should like to ask
the Senator from New Hampshire a question.
How can you take the rations from one set of
officers and leave them with the other without
creating confusion and causing dissatisfaction ?
Mr. HALE. There is no difficulty in my mind
on that point—not the slightest.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope the present
arrangement will not bo disturbed, unless we can
reach all these officers.
The amendmentof Mr. Hale, as modified, was
agreed to.
The Secretary read the next amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Hale, to insert as an additional
section:
And be it fxtrthcr cnactert, That officers having brevet
commissions bliall not ho entitled to anj increa^w of payor
emoluments, because of the exereisc of command according
to their brevet lank.
Mr. NESMITH. Before that is adopted, I
should like to say a word. In the organization
of our Army, different from the policy that pre-
vails in European armies, our officers are pro-
moted by seniority. There is no opportunity to
reward an officer for merit in our Army except
by this mere title of brevet. The Senator from
New Hampshire this morning undertook to de-
scribe what a brevet title meant. He said, I
believe, that it meantdischarging the duties of an
office without holding it. Theie is a better defini-
tion, however, than that, which I learned from an
old Army officer. He was asked the distinction
between a major and a brevet major. He said it
was the difference that there was in a buzzard
and a turkey buzzard. [Laughter.]
But, as I remarked before, this is the only sort
of reward which men are offered, the only induce-
ment which is held out under our organization,
for gallantry exhibited in the field. I think it is
a very small compensation in itself, and that men
who discharge the duties of brevet majors, or bre-
vet captains, or brevet colonels, or brevet any
thing else, ought to be entitled to the compensa-
tion which naturally attaches to that rank. For
instance, here is Brigadier General Mansfield; he
has, until recently, probably up to the present
time, been acting as a brevet brigadier general. If
he has discharged the duties of a brigadiergeneral
and discharged them well, though acting under.a
brevet commission, I think he ought to be entitled
to the compensation of a real brigadier general
who discharges the same duties no better than
himself. It is only a reward of merit to distin-
guished officers. I should be in favor of abolish-
ing the brevet rank entirely, if the whole organ-
ization of the Army could be changed arid men
promoted according to merit; but that is not a sys-
tem that does prevail or ever will prevail in, our
Army, I suppose. Inasmuch as it docs not, this
is the only mode by which the President can re-
ward an officer for distinguished services, by con-
ferring on him a brevet rank, and he gets the com-
pensation which a real officer of that rank gets,
when he discharges the duties of his brevet rank.
Mr. SIMMONS. There are some of the pro-
visions of this amendment that I like very well;
but I heard the Senator from New Hampshire
say just now that General Scott was only Lieu-
tenant General by brevet. I think he has got
almost too old for us to strike his pay down, and
he is doing rather too much service just now for
that. I should like the amendment to be so mod-
ified that officers by brevet should have this in-
creased pay when they arc in actual service iri the
field; but when they are around here,as I suppose
three fourths of them are in lime of peace, I think
the regular pay is enough. I would not cut down
the pay of General Mansfield, who really does the
duty of a brigadier general, because, perhaps,
somebody else, who is a brigadier general, is not
able to serve; and lie has been brevetted though a
colonel, and does the real duty of brigadier gen-
eral, and he does it to-day.
Mr. GRIMES. He has been appointed briga-
dier general.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am speaking of him as if
he was only a brigadier general by brevet. I do
not wish to strike men who are doing duty in the
field. When these officers are notin active duty,
when they are playing the part ofsailors on shore,
I would cut them down to pretty close quarters;
but in time of actual hostilities, when these men
are put into actual service and expensive service,
I do not think it is a proper time to take off such
provisions as the country has heretofore seen fit
to allow them for gallantly in the field. I am not
a very great stickler for high service, nor do I
believe it is worth while, when you are in the face
of an enemy, to strike down the pay of your offi-
cers who are just before the cannon. I should
like to have tliat distinction made by my friend
from New Hampshire, who knows that I vote
with him about half the time.
Mr. IIALE. I hold the Army Register in my
hand, and I will not call any names; but I will
read you the present pay of a lieutenant colonel,
who, I understand, has lately been brevetted. His
present pay is $5,597 06. A brevet, in addition
to that, will be—I do not know how much more,
one or two thousand dollars. The honorable Sen-
ator from Oregon says that this is only a title of
distinction or honor conferred upon distinguished
officers. It used to be the fashion in the Senate—
and I thought it was a good fashion—when a man
wanted to compliment another in this body, to
speak of him as " the distinguished Senator;' and
I looked atound when I fiist came in, and found
that most of us were distinguished, for we all
spoke of one another as distinguished Senators.
[Laughter.] That is just the e.nse with the Army.
1 doubt if there is one officer in ten that has risen
to the rank of captain who has not been brevetted;
and, to my certain knowledge, there have been
officers brevetted since 1 have been a member here,
that if, as my friend from Rhode Islandsays, they
were ever m the face of a cannon, it was in the face
of a cannon a great way ofi. Officers that have
been here m this city, discharging their duties no
doubt honorably, bureau duties, &e., have been
brevetted men that had not smelled powder for'
years before they were brevetted.
Mr. SIMMONS. I asked the Senator from New
Hampshire if he would not make an exception
of men in actual servicc in time of war; and he
has got up to talk about high salaries.
