1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
161
Mr. WILSON. I wish to make a slight amend-
ment in the same section, to make it more clear,
I move die amendment at the suggestion of the
Senator from Maine, [Mr, Fessenden,] who has
examined the matter very carefully, and thinks
jt is important, to make this amendment. I move,
in the seventh line of the tenth section, after the
word State,** to insert the words, " one to be
nominated by each Senator;" so that it wiH read:
But two cadets shall be appointed fiom any one State,
One to be nominated by each Senatoi.
Mr. ICING. The fore part of that section is a
little indistinct. Is the understanding that the
Senator is to nominate from the State which he
Represents?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr> WILSON. Theamendmentmoved by the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] I am told,
and think, on examination, leaves the matter of
the staff a little indefinite. I propose to make a
slight amendment, to which, I hope, the Senator
Will consent; to add, after the words ** by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate," the words:
*'in addition to the number authorized by exist-
ing laws and regulations." I think that carries
out the object very clearly. The Senator, I sup-
pose, wishes to add this number to the existing
number, and not to disturb the staff of the Army.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
amendment is "not now in order. The Senate
have agreed to the section as it stands; and it is
not competent to change it without a reconsider-
ation.
Mr. GRIMES. In the sixth line of the six-
teenth section, page 7,1 move to insert the wordy
"or hominy," after "rice;" so as to allow a
choice of hominy or rice in the ration.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I think, as the Senator from
Ohio agrees to the suggestion that I made, we,
by unanimous consent, can put itm the bill now.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts proposes to further amend the
amendment which has been agreed to, submitted
by the Senator from Ohio, and asks the unani-
mous consent of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I object, for this reason. ["Oh,
no!"] Iam going to withdraw my objection after
I have stated it. It is impossible for us to adopt
this bill the way it is drawn, and we ought not to
do so. The pay of the officers in the Army is
regulated according to the arm of the service in
which they ate employed. It is presumed that an
officer of the cavalry incurs greater expenses in
the service than an officer of infantry; and hence
the regular pay of a lieutenant, or a captain, or
a major, or a colonel, in the cavalry is moie than
in the infantry. So it is with the artiljeiy and the
engineers; but it is not presumable, when two of
them shall be retired from the service—one from
the infantry and the other from the artillery—that
it is going to cost the artillery officer any more to
support himself and family than it does the in- ,
fantry officer. It is true, the difference, as fixed j
by the amendment of the Senator from Ohio, be- j
tween the retired pay of an officer of the cavalry
and an officer of the mfantiy, is very small—only
between one and two hundred dollars a year; yet
it is a difference, and we shall be constantly iin-
noyed by applications asking for the pay to be
raised, so as to be equalized between the different
arms of the service, and we had better do it now.
Therefore, after 1 withdraw my objection, I
hope the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs will consent that this bill shall be recom-
mitted to his committee, to be reported tousugain,
in order that this, with other things, may be equal-
ized. Take the case of two captains, men who
graduated at West Point at the same time. One
of them may have served the country, perhaps,
more faithfully in the infantry than his associate
and classmate in the cavalry; and it is not fail-
that the infantry officer, because he happens to
be disabled, should be retired upon a smaller com-
pensation from the Government than the man
who was assigned to the cavalry; and no matter
how small the difference is, although it is only
between a hundred and two hundred dollars a
year, it may be of very material consequence to
the officer. I withdraw my objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator with-
draws his objection; and the Chair hearing no
other objection to this amendment, it will be
entertained.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will simply remark that
there is nothing in the objection made by the Sen-
ator from Iowa. There is a difference in the grade
of these officers. That difference is made bylaw.
The corps of engineers and the corps of topo-
graphical engineers receive a little higher pay
now by law, and they should; because the first
live graduates of West Point are put in those corps;
and the difference m pay is made, not on account
of the difference of expense in the service, but on
account of the difference in the grade of the ser-
vice. I think that difference might as well be kept
up to the end of their lives.
Mr, GRIMES. Cadets of the same grade of
scholarship are assigned into the infantry and
into the cavalry. The cavalry officer, while in
service, receives a larger compensation than the
infantiy officer. It is not on account of his su-
perior qualifications; it is not because he pos-
sesses better scholarship; but cither by chance or
by choice he happens to take that arm; and now,
under the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
when these two lieutenants, the one from the in-
fantry and the other from the cavalry, are retired
on account of some incompetency or some wound,
perhaps received in action, the cavalry officer is
going to receive one or two hundred dollars a
year more pay than the infantry officer. That is
not right.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Iowa de-
sires to have the bill recommitted; and if it be the
judgment of the Senate that it needs to be lecom-
mitted, I certainly shall not oppose the motion;
but it appears to me that the bill is about as well
prepared as we can make it, with the exception
of that portion of it prepared by the Senator him-
self, in regard to the Navy. I have consented
that that should go upon it; but while changing
the compensation to retired Army officers, we
have not changed the compensation of the naval
officers. Now, why may we not take up that
poition of the bill, and proceed to settle it on the
same grounds? It appears to me we can; and
then 1 think the bill is certainly in good condition
to pass.
Mr, CLARK. 1 do not believe that the pay
of the officeis of the Navy run be settled without
a reference to the committee. 1 find, upon look-
ing at the Register, that there is a good deal of
disproportion. For instance: a captain of the
Navy on leave pay would get $3,000, a good deal
more, m proportion, than an Army officer would:
and some of those officers get moie on leave pay
the longer they have been at sea*, so that the whole
thing will have to be considered, and some stand-
ard adopted, and it must be ouhsid'Ted by a com-
mittee. I have endeavoied to lind a way to anange
it, but I tlnnk it has to be done by committee. .
Mr. WILSON. Well, Mr. President, to gratify
the Senator fiom Iowa and the Senator from New
Hampshire, and aw the Committee on Military
A (fairs have a meeting lo-moir^w morning, I move
now that the bill he recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Military Affaus, tor the purpose of per-
fecting tho.c- portions of it,
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
add a motion to pi hit?
Mi. WILSON. I move that the bill be printed
as now amended, and he recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Military Allan's.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will it be in order to move,
as an amendment to that motion, that the com-
mittee be instructed to r-'poit a plan for the ap-
pointment of cadets At West Point, oil the com-
petitive system, in such a way the.t ev> ry young
man in the country shall have an equal chance to
apply for it; and (hat the appointment shall be
given to the one who upon examination shall be
found most meritorious ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is competent for
the Senator to move any instructions to the coin- j[
mutee. 'j
Mr. WILSON. While it is in order to do so, |[
I hope the Senator will not press it. This matter ij
of filling up the Academy has cost the commit- |j
tec—I know as a member of the committue it lias j]
cost me—a great den] - f trouble. We have had !j
suggestions of every kmd and description, and ji
we have been able to come to nothing except what |j
we have now agreed upon. I hope we shall fill il
up these vacancies; and then at the next session
of Congress we can pass the bill reported by the
commission that sat last year at West Point, or
pass whatever legislation may be necessary. - I
would suggest to the Senator from Rhode Island,
that he let the matter pass over, and that he be
prepared at the next session of Congress to come
in here with a proposition to reach the object he
desires to accomplish. %
Mr. ANTHONY. The Academy will then be
full. There are now a number of vacancies.
Mr. WILSON. All this bill provides for is to
fill existing vacancies.
Mr. ANTHONY. How many? More than
ever hefore ?
Mr. WILSON. Quite a large number. Let
us fill these vac^icies in the mode proposed, and
then, at the next session of Congress, take up the
bill reported—by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Foot,] I think; at any rate he was on the com-
mission, and agreed to the bill reported—and then
we can settle the mode of admission into the in-
stitution; but do not, on this temporary measure,
undertake to start a proposition that I do not think
we can mature at this session.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will not press the motion
against the wishes of the chajrman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs; but 1 hope the com-
mittee will accept the suggestion, and I am sure
a provision of that kind can be embodied in a very
few lines, leaving the details to the Secretary of
War.
The motion of Mr. Wilson was agreed to; and
the bill was recommitted to the Committee on
Military Affaiis and the Militia, and ordered to
be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of P^cpresentatives,
by Mr. Ei jieridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House insisted upon its amendment to the bill of
the Senate (No. 1) to authorize the employment
of volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and pro-
tecting public property, disagreed to by the Sen-
ate, asked a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and appointed Mr.
Francis P. Blair of Missouri, Mr. Abraham
B. Olint of New York, and Mr. Hendrick B.
Wright of Pennsylvania, managers at the same
on the part of the House.
The message further announced that the House
had passed a bill (No. 53) relative to the revenue
maiine, to fix the compensation of the officers
thereof, and for other purposes, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
CONTRACTS OF THE NAVY DEPARTMENT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate of the
4 tli instant, catling for a statement of all contracts
made by that Department, or by the authority of
the Secretary, since the 4th day of March last,
specifying those that have been made upon ad-
vertisement, and those that have been made with-
out, with such full and particular statement in
each case as shall enable the Senate to see the
comparative cost in each case in reference to
former purchases of the same kind; and in the case
of the purchase or charter of vessels, a particular
description of each vessel, and the price paid for
purchase, and the price paid per month in case of
charter; which, on motion of Mr. Trumbull, was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
PAPERS PRESENTED.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented a letter from
the Commissioner of Indian affairs, communicate
nig papers in udation to the claim of Mrs. Q.uin 
da.ro Nancy Guthrie; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
liOUSfi-BILT, REFERRED.
The bill (No, 53) relative to the revenue ma-
rine, to fx the compensation of officers thereof,
and for other purposes, was* read twicc by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained,leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
33) to suppress insurrection and sedition, and for
other purposes: which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
oidorcd to be printed.
