1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i m
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I ask whether
the resolution does not expressly extend the in-
vestigation to ail contracts, gotfd,bad,or indiffer-
ent, without branding them atall, either expressly
or by implication?
Mr. HOLMAN. It cannot be presumed that
a committee would inquire into the character of a
contract in the absence of some circumstances of
suspicion respecting its legality or fairness. That
is implying but very little confidence in the intel-
ligence or integrity of the committee* If you limit
the committee in the scope of its investigations,
so that its powers shall be powerless for effective
investigation, then I presume that no gentleman on
this floor would desire to assume the responsibili-
ties it would seem to create. But if the object be, in
the emergency which we have been compelled to
encounter, an emergency hitherto unknown in our
history—the expenditure of $500,000,000, if you
please—to investigate fraudulent contracts, if such
shall be made, thoroughly, then the committee
ought to be vested with such complete power as
will make its action beneficial instead of prejudi-
cial to the public;effective,instead ofamerecover.
I do not presume that any gentleman on the Re-
publican side of the House doubts the policy of
a thorough investigation. I trust and hope that
the Administration is acting with integrity. I am
not prepared to make any specified charge against
it. If it is acting with integrity, then certainly the
extension of the powers of the committee cannot
operate to the prejudice of the Administratfon.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire, for in-
formation, to propound a question to the gentle-
man from Indiana: what is the difference between
embarrassing the Administration by an inquiry
into its financial malconduct of affairs, and embar-
rassing it by an inquiry into any violation by it
of the Constitution and laws of the United States ?
Mr. HOLMAN. As the gentleman's inquiry
opens up a broad field which it certainly is not
the intention of the House to discuss at this time,
the gentleman will excuse me for not making him
a direct answer.
£ was going on to say that, if it be the purpose
of the House to enable the committee to investi-
gate thoroughly, as well the contracts that have
been made as the contracts that may be made
during its continuance, which certainly will em-
barrass an honest Administration, then certainly
these powers ought to be conferred. They surely
cannot operate to the prejudice of the Adminis-
tration, if it acts justly and honestly in the dis-
charge of its great public duties; and if such be
not the case, they will operate beneficially to the
country.
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker 
• Mr. HOLMAN. I regret that the offering of
these resolutions has consumed so much of the
titnc of the House. I feel constrained now to
demand the previous question.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move to lay
the resolutions on the table.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman withdraw
that motion for a moment? As a member of the
special committee, I desire to say a word.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. For the purpose
of hearing the gentleman from Massachusetts, I
withdraw the motion,
Mr. HOLMAN also withdrew the demand for
the previous question.
Mr DAWES. I was appointed on that com-
mittee without any knowledge on my part. I
have consented to serve on it in good faith, with
no disposition to do injustice to the Administra-
tion—to pursue it, or to rove over the country in
search of food for accusation against any Depart-
ment of the Government. At the same time, I
have not consented to serve on that committee
with any purpose of whitewashing any transac-
tion, whether it be of the present or any other
Administration. I do notpropose myself to seize
on the exigencies of the Government and turn
them to my own profit; nor do I propose to con-
sent that any other man shall.
I suppose that the committee has been raised
by the House with a disposition to examine fairly,
and at the same time thoroughly, into any con-
tracts made by the Government with any parties
about which there should be any suspicion. I
suppose that the House has confidencc in that
committee thatitwill pursue its inquiriesin a man-
ner proper as well to the Administration as to all
parties outside who may be accused of seizing on
the present exigencies for their own profit. I
know of no charge to bring against the Adminis-
tration. I have in my possession no evidence
against outside parties who have embraced this
occasion to fill their own pockets out of the public
Treasury.
But, sir, no man can fail to have taken notice
of the fact that the country is full of rumors in
these respects. I do not understand my friend
from New York, [Mr. Roscoe Conkling,] or my
friend from Illinois, [Mr. Kellogg,] with whom
1 desire always to agree, if possible, as being dis-
posed to shield, in any way, any party to any
contract made with the Government. But my
friend from Illinois objects to the resolution be-
cause it extends the operations of the committee
beyond the session of Congress. He has only
just to look at this thing for a moment, and he
will see that if the committee enter upon their
duties at all, they must have their life extended
beyond this session of Congress. This House
has agreed to adjourn on Friday; and my friend
from Illinois can see at once that between this and
Friday we can do nothing.
But my fiiend from New York objects to it on
two grounds: first, that it is proposed to permit
the committee to sit elsewhere than at this capital.
Now, if the House can trust the committee, and
if the committee is deserving the confidence of the
House, the committee will not constitute itself a
roving commission.
Mr. ROSCOE CONICLING, I think the com-
mittee ought to have that power.
Mr JDAWES. The gentleman thinks the com-
mittee ought to have that power. It was asked
simply for the purpose of saving expense to the
Government. The House will see at a moment's
glance, that it is better for the committee to inves-
tigate a contract at the place where it is entered
into, than to bring all the witnesses and all the
parties to the Capitol for that purpose; and if any
confidence can be reposed in this committee, it is
to be assumed that they will not abuse their powers.
The other objection of my friend from New
York is, that it applies as well to contracts here-
after to be entered into, as those already entered
into. I have no particular objection to restricting
the examination to those already entered into, but
I present to my friend from New York the con-
sideration upon this subject that the purpose of
the committee is not to pursue anybody; the pur-
pose of the committee is to enter in good faith
into a fair and reasonable, but at the same time
thorough, examination of all con tracts about which
there is any suspicion; and that, we thought,
might as well apply to any contract about which
there is any suspicion or clamor which may be
entered into, after we enter upon the investigation,
and before wo report as to contracts that have al-
ready been entered into. The committee, in short,
supposes it has the confidence of the House. A
majority of the committee is composed of men
commonly ranked as friends of the Administra-
tion; and I know of no member of the committee
upon whom may justly rest the charge of a dis-
position to pursue any man, whether he be of the
Administration, or of those who have entered into
contracts with the Administration, one single inch
beyond that which the facts may justify.
I can only say, that if this committee are to be
confined m their operations to this session, or if
they are to be restricted in their investigations by
a vote of the House, no man with any self-respect
will consent to serve upon the committee, ham-
pered, fettered, and circumscribed to a particular
channel, because the House has not confidence in
them unless they restrict them as to their partic-
ular course of investigation.
Mr. EDWARDS. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to yield further for a moment. I do not
propose to take up much of the time of the House;
but I desire to say that I am opposed to this res-
olution; and, beyond that, I am opposed to the
committee itself to which it applies. Without any
charges against the Administration, this House
has been, I had almost said, flooded with propo-
sitions for committees of investigation; and, sir,
it seems to me that we may well wait until some
gentleman rises in his place, and upon his respons-
ibility states that he believes that in some of these
Departments there is something wrong, some thing
dishonest.
Why, sir, this Administration has but just i
come into power. It has been environed with dif- f
Acuities; U has had anew field to enterupon; and
shall we now, upon the mere suggestion that some-
thing may possibly be wrong, enter upon a wide
field of investigation at the very beginning of the
Congress, during an extraordinary and unusual
session, called only to strengthen and sustain
the Administration in the conflict in which it is
engaged ?
For these reasons, sir, I am opposed to all this
class of investigating committees at this time.
And, sir, I am opposed to it for another reason:
I think gentlemen have not forgotten that there
are certain standing committees, to whom the in-
vestigations proposed in these resolutions legiti-
mately belong. There is a Committee on Ex-
penditures in the Navy Department; a Cemmittee
on Expenditures in the War Department; there
is a Committee on Expenditures in the Post Office
Department; there are separate standing commit*
tees on the expenditures of each and all of the
other Departments of the public service; and, be-
yond this, there is a Committee on Public Ex-
penditures generally. Now, Mr. Speaker, what
are the duties of these standing committees? Are
the members who compose them mere nominal
officers; or have they some duties to perform? If
they have duties to perform, shall the House carve
out all those duties and assign them to special
committees, and give them power to travel all over
the country to see if they cannot find out some
fraud, even before any fraud is suggested? This,
it seems to me, is the real question before the
House.
Now, sir, I may be excused for making these
remarks, for I have the honor to belong to the
Committee on Public Expenditures; and let me
say that that committee has been increased during
this very session, because it was supposed there
would be important duties for the committee to
perform.
Mr. Speaker, I believe it is better to wait until
there shall be some complaints before the Com-
mittee on Public Expenditures, or until there shall
be some authentic declarations in this House that
there have been expenditures illegal or unauthor-
ized. It is,in my judgment,prematureand unwise
to appoint any special committee upon subjects
within the province of our standing committees;
and much more unwise to authorize them to sit
during the recess of Congress, at a great expense
to the country, with power to go wherever they
choose, for the purpose of hunting up frauds in
some of the contracts made in some of the Depart-
ments of the Government, upon the mere suspi-
cion that such frauds may somewhere exist. I
hope, therefore, that the motion of the gentleman
from Illinois, to lay the resolution on the table,
will prevail.
[A message was received fropi the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, their Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed a bill of this House,*
making additional appropriations for the naval
service of the Government for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30,1862, and to supply arrearages in the
appropriations for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1861: with sundry amendments, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.]
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to reply
in a word to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes.] 1 am the last one in this House
who desires to avoid any investigation. I think
that will be accorded to me. If the object of this
resolution was—and I assume in good faith it was
—to investigate in relation to contracts already
made, us that was the object expressed by the
original resolution, I Vill do nothing, I will not
throw a straw in the way of that investigation.
Mr. Speaker, I will make this additional remark:
Now that the committee has been raised, I would
not disband it before it has had time to act. If
gentlemen think it advisable, and now that the
committee has been raised—although nothing has
come to my notice sufficient to induce its organ-
ization—I am willing that it shall not be disbanded
at the close of the present session; but I think
the object may be accomplished by the adoption
of a resolution that will permit the committee to
extend over into the next session of Congress,
which will be in session in a very few months.
By the rules of the House,as I understand them,
the functions of the committee will cease with
the termination of this session of Congress, un-
less special provision be made to the coutrary. I
think, thereibie, it would be very well to adopt a
