1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
Che question was taken; and it was decidcd in
the affirmative—yeas 81, nays 42; as foliows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldiich, Allen, Alley, Aneona, Apple-
ton, Goldsmith F. iftuiey, Joseph Baily, Baxter, Francis P.
!3lair, Samuel S. Blair, George H. Browne, Buffinton, Cal-
veit, Cobb, FiederickA. Colliding, Cooper, Corning,Cox,
Cuivens. Crittenden, Cutler,Dawos, Delano, Dunlap, Ed-
jjerton, fcnpJlsl), Fenton, Fouke, Gooeli, Under, Ilaight,
Harding, Harrison, Holman, Horton, Jackson, Johnson,
Julian, Killinger. Law, Lazear, Lehman, Loomi«, Mal-
loiy, Menzies, Mitchell, Justin S. iMomll, Morris, Noble,
Norton, Nugen, Odell, George II. Pendleton, Periy, Pike,
Poincroy, Potter, Iteid, Alexander H. Rice, Shanks, Shef-
field, Sliellabarger, Sloan, Smith, Spauldmg, John B.Steele,
William G. Steele, Stevens, Francis Thomas, Vallandig-
haiti, Van Wyck, Vibbard, Wadawoith, Walt, E. P. Wal-
ton, Ward, Chilton A. White, Wickhfle, Wood, Woodruff,
and Worcester—81.
NAYS — Messrs. Ashley, Baker, Beaman, Bingham,
Biake, Campbell, Chamberlain, Clark, Roscoe Conklmg,
Conway, Covode, Davis, Doinplame,' Diven, Edwauls,
lily, Franchot, Goodwin, Gi anger, Hale, Hickman, ilutch-
ins, Keilev, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Lans-
ing, MoPheison, Moorhead, Ohn, Riddle, Robinson, Sedg-
wick, Sherman, Stratum, Train, Trowbiidge, Upton, Wal-
lace, Wheeler, Albeit S. White, and Window—42.
So the resolution was adopted.,
During the vote,
Mr. HALE stated that Mr, Pattokt was con-
fined to his room by sickness.
Mr, RIDDLE stated that Mr. Trimble was
ill, and unable to attend the sittings of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled a bill to
provide for the appointment of assistant paymas-
ters in the Navy; when the Speaker signed the
same.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, oivo of their clerks, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed an act provid-
ing for a temporary increase of the Navy; in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the amend-
ments of the House to die bill of the Senate enti-
tled " An act to alter and regulate the Navy
ration.7'
Also, that the Senate had disagreed to the
amendments of the House to the bill of the Senate
authorizing the employment of volunteers to aid
in enforcing the laws and protecting public prop-
erty.
JURISDICTION OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WHEELER. I now ask the unanimous
consent of the House to offer the resolution which
Z send to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. ELIOT. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. WHEELER. The subject of the resolu-
tion is the submission to the House of the ques-
tion of the jurisdiction of the two concurrent com-
mittees to which I before alluded.
Mr. STEVENS. I call for the regular order
of business. We have already taken up too
much time with resolutions.
The SPEAKER. The business in order is the
call of committees for reports.
Mr. STEVENS. I believe the time has ar-
rived when we were to go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. 1 therefore
move that the rules be suspended, and that tho
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. Rut before that
motion is put to vote, I move that all debate on
the tariff bill be closed in one hour after the com-
mittee shall take up the bill for consideration.
REVENUE MARINE.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to waive his motion a moment, that f
may make a report fiom the Committee on Com-
merce, upon a bill referred to them.
Mr. STEVENS. If nothing else interferes, I
have no objection.
Mr. ELIOT then, by unanimous consent, re-
ported, from the Committee on Commerce, a bill
(H. R. No. 53) relative to the revenue marine,
and fixing the compensation of the officers there-
of, and for other purposes.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third tijne; and being engrossed, it was subse-
quently read the third time.
Mr. ELIOT called the previous question upon
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EMPLOYMENT OP VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] to give way
to me also, that I may move to take up fiom
the Speaker's table a bill which has just been
returned from the Senate.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 will do so; but it is posi-
tively the last time.
Mr. BLAIR, ofMissouri. I now move to take
up the act (S. No. 1) to authorize the employment
of volunteers to aid in enforcingthe laws and pro-
tecting public property; and upon that bill I move
that tile House insist upon its amendments ttyfreto,
and ask a committee of conference. /
The motion was agreed to.
1/
i the motion o
TARIFF BILL
The question recurred upon the moffon of Mr.
Stevens to suspend the rules and go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
and preliminary to that, the motion to close de-
bate in one hour after the House resolves itself
in the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CURTIS. I move to amend tho resolution,
by striking out 44 one houi" and insert "ten
minutes."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Tho resolution was then adopted.
The question recurred upon the motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole upon the state
of the Union; and being put, the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Campbell in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of the special order, being a bill
(H. R.No. 54) to provide increased revenue from
imports, to pay interest on the public debt, and
for other purposes.
The bill was read through.
The committee then proceeded to consider the
bill by sections for amendment.
The fust section of the bill was read.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I understand that
pending a proposed substitute for the bill, it is in
order to amend the original text.
The CHAIRMAN. TheCliairso understands.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I offer, then, the
substitute for the entire bill, which I send to the
Clerk's desk, and which will not interfere with
any proposed amendments.
The substitute was read, as follows:
That horn and aftei the.'JOih day of rtyptrmbei, 18G1, the
act entitled " An act to piovido lor the payment of outstand-
ing TicaMHy note?, to authorize a loan, to regulate arid fix
the dutie.- on impoit^, and lor other puiposct.," approved
Mai eh 1^81, except tho fust, second, ibhd, and fourth
sections he. and the same i> hereby, repealed.
vSec. ii. ml be it fuitlwr enwtcd. That the act entitled
"An act lalucine 'be dun on nnpoii^. and loi otlu i put-
po^es" appioved\\Taroh 3. 1S37, he. and the ^aine heieby,
iv\ lved and declared in full force <md efleet trom and after
the 30th day of September 1WI : Provided, kouevcr. That
upon all articles included in -ehedulo, 1, section throe, of
s;ud act, commonly called the "lice hM,-'' except upon
coffee atid'tea, fire-arms and ordnance, and upon military
jstoie.s imported in good fauh for any of the States stiii loyal
to the Union ; weainig apparel m actual u^e. and otbei per-
sonal efieoH not merchandise, and good-., wares, and mei-
cbamlis'', the growth, pioduce, oi manufacture of the Hin-
ted States, exported to a foieicm countiy and brought b;ielc
to the United ritntes in tho same condition as when ex-
posed, upon which no drawback or bounty has been
allowed, Iheie shall be levied and collected a duty of ten pei
centum fid vatoyeni: Piovulcd fuitkc,, also., Thai the duty
on salt shall be leduoed to the same rate, and no more.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Chairman, it
is not with the slightest idea of its success that I
propose this substitute, for I very well under-
stand that the bills prepared at the Executive De-
partments, printed with the reports of the execu-
tive officers, and ratified by the committees of this
House, will be registered here without deliberation
and almost without debate. But I desire that the
record shall remain right for the hereafter.
I propose to revive the tariff of 1857, with a
duty of ten per cent, upon the free list, except
coffee and tea, fire-arms, ordnance and military
stores imported for the loyal States, and wearing
apparel not merchandise; the usual exceptions,
I believe, in all the acts which have ever passed
through Congress.
The effect of this measure will, of course, be to
exempt tea and coffee from taxation. They are
among the necessaries of life, subjects of univer-
sal consumption; and itseemsto me that, in levy-
ing duties, this House ought to proceed upon the
principle of discriminating against luxuries, and
m favor of the necessaries of life; and that, if the
enormous expenditures, the vast indebtednesses
which are being accumulated now, be paid, they
who are the better able should bear the burden,
rather than that articles so universally of con-
sumption should be expected to contribute, as
they are expected to contribute, the principal part
of tho increase of revenue to be derived from this
measure.
I propose also to reduce, by five per cent., the
duty upon salt, for that also is one of the necessa-
ries of life. Bread, coffee,- or tea,.potatoes, and
salt, constitute the only daily food of thi&e fourths
of the people of this country. By the act of 1857
salt pays fifteen per cent. The reduction I pro-
pose is upon this principle: that inasmuch as there
is a general stagnation of business now, as the
laboring men of the country are thrown out of
employment, and are obliged to reduce their ex-
penditures to the lowest possible standard, to come
down to the absolute necessaries of life, we ought,
as far as possible, to exempt these necessaries
from taxation.
The article of sugar, also, will be affected.
There is a large increase proposed by this bill.
What benefit is to be derived from it I know not.
It is not altogether in the category of necessaries,
and yet it is an article of very general consump-
tion. The. consumption during the last year—
1860—amounted to 930,000,000 pounds. But I
propose to speak but a moment in regard to it,
and rather from a financial point of view. The
object of the incieasc of thcNluty on sugar of
course is to raise an increased revenue. Now, I
submit to the consideration of gentlemen upon the
other side this question: 1 understand, from high
authority, that there is already a very abundant
stock of sugar in the market—far beyond the de-
mand—and that that stock is sufficient for the
demands of the country, or that portion of it
which is still within the tJnion, during the present
year and for a part of the year 186'*2; that the re-
sult of an increase oft he duty upon it will be simply
to raise the price of the sugar already in market
and raise it upon the consumers; and that no more
sugar will be imported. I understand,also, that
if the Union were restored within the next nine or
ten months, and the States of Louisiana and Texzis
brought back, such is the condition and prospect
of the sugar crop there that it would reach nearly
the amount of the entire consumption of the last
year; and that the amount produced in the south-
ern States will be neaily sufficient for the whole
population of the United States, and that there
would, therefore, be no impoitaliori at all. The
result would be a laige increase m the price of
sugar to the consumer without any corresponding
augmentation of the revenue of the Government.
It seems to nv, therefore, that instead of incieas-
mg the rate of duties upon sugar, which is an
article of immense consumption, and from which
no revenue can be obtained, it ought to be allowed
to lemain at least at the standard fixed by the act
of 1861, that the Government may obtain some
levenue from it; for, I repeat, the inevitable result
of so large an increase will be to prevent a large
poition of the poorer classes of persons from pur-
chasing at all, and to diminish the quantity to all
others. It will decrease the amount of consump-
tion, decrease the demand for imported sugar, and
in that way there will be, of course, a diminution
of revenue to the Government.
I submit this consideration to gentlemen. It
is not my purpose to speak at length upon the
bill. because, as I have already intimated, I well
know that the chances are altogether tiiat it will
pass through the House without material amend-
ment. But it seems to me that the act of 1857,
which I havehitherto condemned, but condemned
because of the free list in it, had better be revived,
inasmuch as it was maturely considered—was a
compromise between the interests of conflicting
sections of the country, and an exceedingly whole-
