1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11$
in this country would undoubtedly pass as black
tea, if the two grades of duties were established.
Under the circumstances, therefore, the Committee
of Ways and Means have deemed it best for the
revenue, as well as for the tea dealers, to place the
whole under a uniform duty of 15 cents per pound;
which, taking the importations at 25,000,000
pounds, would produce a revenue of $3,750,000.
If I am right in these estimates—and perhaps
they are in one item a little large, I mean that of
sugar; I do not think it is, but those much better
acquainted with these things say the estimate is
large, and it is not for me to say they are not cor-
rect—I say, if I am right in these estimates, the
increased duty from these three items will reach
#25,250,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means, then, as
the House will see, have taken up a very large
number of items from the free list. Some of them
will produce a very considerable revenue—some
of them will come as high, 1 think, as $500,000.
I name the article of Manilla hemp, which 1 think
produces some §500,000.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will the gentle-
man, before he takes his scat, allow me to call his
attention to this point: the act of 1857 did not,
moderate as the duties were, yield a revenue suf-
ficient to meet the extravagant expenditures of the
Government, but still yielded a revenue of some
$56,000,000. The tariff of 1801, whatever it might
have yielded in ordinary times—and I think it
would have perhaps fallen below that front the
tariff of 1857—lias, in the present distracted con-
dition of the country, yielded considerably less
than the immediately preceding tariff. Now, the
point I make is, that the true policy of the Gov-
ernment, having the largest amount of revenue
in view, is rather to reduce the duties, with a view
of encouraging importation, .than to increase
them; for the effect of increasing the duties must
be to diminish the importations toacorresponding
extent.
Will the gentleman allow me to remind him,
also, in the same connection, that during the last
fiscal year, twothirdsof the exports ofthe country
were the products ofthe southern States;and that
the imports of a country depends much upon its
exports. The fact, then, that these States will not
now con tribute for our benefit in the way of export-
ation, will necessarily very materially diminish
the imports into the ports of the free States. And
thus, in every point of view, it seems to me there
is a combination of circumstances calculated to
reducetlie importations. I submit,therefore,the
point, that our true policy is rather to encourage
importations by a reduction of duties, even below
the standard of the act of 1857, than to impose
still higher duties; at least until the imports shall
have regained their former magnitude.
Mr. STE VENS. The gentleman asks whether
it is not proper and would not produce more rev-
enue to diminish rather than to increase the duties?
I would be much obliged to the gentleman if he
would tell me how much we shall diminish the
duties ill order to induce importation to produce
the largest revenue ? How much shall we dimin-
ish it on coffee and tea?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. There is no duty
on tea and coffee. I am speaking of other articles.
Mr. STEVENS. Therefore I could not see
how the gentleman's argument applied to it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 waited until the
chairman of the committee passed from these sub-
jects and came to the general principles upon
which we ought now to legislate. Allow me one
word further. I do not desire to interrupt the
gentleman unnecessarily. There are two modes,
as I understand, of diminishing the revenue; one
is by decreasing duties so low that there will be
nothing yielded; and the other is by fixing duties
so high that they will exclude all importation.
The great object of all tariff legislation is to ascer-
tain the exact mean between these two points. I
speak of a tariff for revenue and not of a tariff for
protection.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman's theory is
well enough; but will he tell me how we are to
stimulate the importation of the articles I have
referred to beyond the present amount? Will he
tell me what objection he has to laying taxes to
raise this revenue, if he desires that the Govern-
ment shall be sustained in the prosecution of this
war ?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. With the gentle-
man's leave, I will say that I would diminish the
duties upon iron, which are duplicated and tripli-
cated , and are exceedingly onerous upon the peo-
ple of the northwestern States. Do that, and
then we might be willing to compromise by laying
a moderate duty upon tea and coffee, and the other
necessaries of life.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman, if he knew
anything about the subject at all, would know
that there cannot be at present, or for two years
to come, any iron imported. It is now lower
than it has ever before been known by fifty per
cent. It is so low as to be breaking up all of the
iron-masters. The duty onerous! Upon whom?
Where has the gentleman found it so? The gen-
tleman cannot find a man who will tell him that,
under the increased duty, the price upon the arti-
cle has not been diminished. If he will examine
the price current, if he will inquire of those who
are acquainted with this subject, he will find that,
instead of raising, it has diminished the price.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That doctrine has
been exploded a long time ago.
Mr. STEVENS. In the old country, as well
as everywhere else where there are iron works,
they are going out of blast in consequence of the
low price of the article and the amount in the
market. No, sir; the gentleman is mistaken in
supposing that by the destruction of the iron
works in America, importation would give him
iron at as low a price as now. That would add
fifty per ccnt. to the price of foreign iron, and
make it what every man who knows anything
about it knows what it was before these duties
were laid, and befoic our iron works were stim-
ulated into existence. Some men make a great
clamor about that of which they know nothing.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. One word. The
gentleman has been exceedingly courteous, and I
ask him to yield to me again. I desire to know
whether the fact which he states as a fact, that
the increase of duty upon iron has decreased the
price, is the reason why Pennsylvania clings with
such tenacity to high duties upon iron?
Mr. STEVENS. In order to help the gentle-
man out of lus distress for paying so high for
his iron 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. We have to pay
high for it, that is true.
Mr. STEVENS. Without taking up the time
of the House in referring to item after item, I will
state that, according to my calculation, (and I can-
not be expected to make an accurate estimate,) the
increase of the revenue on this duty would be
about $8,000,000. If I am right in the supposi-
tion as to the amount imported, this bill will add
to the revenue after it comes into full operation
more than $30,000,000. It may be $32,000,000,
but it cannot be less than $30,000,000.
Now,sir, the onlyquestionis,whetherthisshall
be raised? It must be raised. If gentlemen can
show another way in which we can raise it, then
they can with reason object to the present bill.
We have already authorized aloan of $250,000,000.
We shall owe that amount, together with the sum
of $100,000,000 more—a debt createdjn a time of
peace by the late Administration. Every mon-
eyed man, every commercial man, must know that
unless we at the same time provide for paying
the interest and reducing the debt somewhat, our
loans will not be taken. Wlse men—and those who
have large amounts of money are always wise in
their generation—never trust anybody with large
amountS'of money unless he can show means by
which it is to be repaid. Without raising this
sum, together with another sum by some other
mode of taxation, we shall never be able to go into
the marketand procure money atthe present time;
or if so, it must be at such ruinous rates as to en-
tail a great debt for a long time upon the Govern-
ment.
We have provided that this duty shall not take
effect upon the stock now in the bonded ware-
houses of the Government. We deemed that to
do that would be unjust. I hold, sir, that all the
goods which have been put into bonded ware-
houses have been put there with the understand-
ing that they shall be taken out at the rates of
duty existing when they were entered. I am op-
posed to the whole warehouse system. I think
it is a permeious one; but so long as it exists I
believe that the merchant has the right to take his
goods out at any time within the three years pre-
scribed by law at the same rate of duty as when
they were imported. I know that those who have
large amounts of goods of this description in the
bonded Warehouses will make a large amount of
money by the operation. That is their good luck,
and we cannot in justice take from them any por-
tion of their profit. We have also deemed it right
to provide that this duty shall not be laid on goods
now in our ports, or upon ship-board, fairly em-
barked for our ports. The committee deemed
that but fair to the merchants who have.sent out
and made contracts under the present law.
It will be seen, too, that we have inserted the
usual provision'of ten per cent, with regard to
those articles imported from any other than the
place of production, or beyond the Cape of Good
Hope. That provision is inserted in all our laws,
and for the benefit of navigation.
Now, sir, I will simply say—while I do not
intend to enlarge—that 1 know the reluctance
many men have in voting for a tax upon sugar,
coffee, and tea—the necessaries of life. When a
similar provision came to us in a bill from the
Senate last year, I voted against it because I
knew how hard it would bear upon the laboring
classes; but,although itwill bear hard upon them,
as well as upon the rich, yet I have no doubt they
will all be willing to bear their small share of the
tax for the purpose of sustaining the Government
in this righteous struggle—carried on for their
protection and the protection of their children.
These are the reasons for insisting upon the duties
on these articles. While, as I said before, I know
the reluctance with which many gentlemen will
go for it, yet I hope all will see the necessity for
it, and give it their support.
Mr. COVODE. I desire to get the sense of the
House upon the duty on sugar; and for that pur-
pose I propose to strike out from line fourteen,
page 2, the word " two "and insert" one;" in line
seventeen, strike out " three "and insert" two;" 
and in line nineteen, strike out " four" and insert
" three." The result of my amendment will .be
to reduce the duties on all the lower classes of
Sugar 1 cent per pound.
In my estimation, Mr. Chairman, this enorm-
ous duty upon sugar will produce no revenue to
tlie Governmentduring this year; and, if we have
to put this duty upon sugar at all, we should do
it next December, and before the next crop comes
into market. To levy the duty at this time will
only increase the price of the sugar in the hands
of the holders, thereby giving fortunes to them at
the expense of our people who consume the arti-
cle. There is an enormous amount of sugar in
the marketat this time, the larger portion ofwhich
is held by foreigners. Is it right for us to tax our
people after they have left their homes, where they
make one dollar and upwards a day, and gone into
the Army at eleven dollars a month? 1 say, is it
right that we should tax them to this enormous
extent? I understand perfectly that it is neces-
sary to raise a revenue, for the purpose of having,
our loans taken. How was it with our fathers of
the Revolution? They fought the battles of the
Revolution, and gave us a Government; but they
never placed a high tax upon those articles which
were used mostly by those who fought their bat-
tles. Now, is it right that we should call upon our
people to putdown this rebellion, and atthe same
time require them to pay this heavy taxation ? I
am satisfied that we shall not increase materially,
even in another year, the revenues of the country
bythisenormousduty. Itwill lessen the consump-
tion of sugar materially, and it is particularly
odious to impose it now, when the Government
will derive no benefit from it, but the dealers in
the article derive the whole benefit.
I desire to have the sense of the House upon
mv amendment.
Mr. F. A.CONKLING. Without attempting
to follow the honorable member from Pennsyl-
vania, who has just taken his seat, through his
eloquent allusions to the period of the Revolution,
I desire to refer to his statement that the proposed
duty on sugar will produce no revenue, ^sefore
proceeding to do so, let me say that, in common
with the honorable member from Ohio, [Mr. Val-
landigham,] I greatly regret the necessity of im-
posing these duties upon the necessaries of life;
for, as has been truthfully remarked, they fall
with the greatest severity upon those who are
least able to bear them. But, as a question of
fact, as a matter of statistics, let me call the at-
tention of this committee to the stock of sugars
