174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
July 17,
now on hand in this country. It is true that the
stock, as will be perceived, was a little larger on
the 1st of July than it has been at the same pe-
riod during the two preceding years. I will now
state the precise figures. The stock on hand on
the 1st of July,instant,at the four principal ports
—New York, Boston, Philadelphia, and Balti-
more—was 91,140 tons. At the corresponding
date of the year 1860, it was 83,109 tons; or-about
8,000 tons less only. At the corresponding.date
of 1859, it was 83,658 tons.
Now with regard to the importation of sugar
during the six months ending on the 1st of July—
for the six months of the current year—it was
195,515 tons. For the six months of the year
ending July 1,1860, it was 203,916 tons, or 8,000
tons in excess of the fiscal year just closed. For
the six months of the year ending July 1, 1859,
it was 206,667, or 11,000 tons more than dunng
the corresponding period of the current year.
What does this indicate? Simply that the con-
sumption this year has been less than that of the
preceding year, assuming the stock on hand, on
the 1st of January each year, to have been the
same—and probably the amount did not differ
essentially.
And now as to the reason for this diminu-
tion. A portion of this sugar has unquestion-
ably been consumed m the States in rebellion
lying upon the sea-board. Again: the demand
for it from the northwestern States has been con-
siderably diminished by reason of the great de-
pression existing in that section of the country,
arising, to a considerable extent, out of the de-
rangement of the currency, which of itself is in-
cident to the rebellion in the land. The stocks of
the rebellious States, upon which most of this
currency was based, became greatly depreciated
in value, and the currency depreciated accord-
Now, sir, it has been, said that the proposed
duty on sugar will produce no revenue—at least
none during the first quarter; and I understand
the honorable member fi;om Pennsylvania, the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
to express that opinion.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, no. I say it will be
much less in the next quarter than in the last one.
Mr. P. A. CONKLlNG. In thatopinion, sir,
I fully concur. 1 will accordingly proceed to
show that the proposed duty upon sugar is greatly
less than (lie people of Great Britain pay upon
the same ai ticle; and although the honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] has
referred to this fact, I desire now to present for
the consideration of this committee some accurate
statistics, which I have prepared with some care.
During the year 1859, which is the latest date to
which 1 have been able to procure the report of
the Board of Trade, the quantity of sugar entered
forconsutnption in Great Britain was 1,026,593,568
pounds, and the amount of revenue raised upon
it was rf'5,891,192, or §28,277,721 60. Now, sir,
the consumption of sugar per capita in the United
Kingdom is just about thirty pounds per annum.
The amount imported into this country during
the year 1S59, and which was for the most part
consumed in the northern States—because my
examination of the subject leads me to believe that
the production of Louisiana may be fairly offset,
one year with another, against the consumption
in the rebel States—the consumption m the free
States was about the same per capita as that in
Great Britain, the importations for the year being
624,881,457 pounds. Estimating the population
of the loyal States, as the chairman oi the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means estimates it, at about
20,000,000 souls, it will be perceived that it gives
the same per capita consumption as that of the
lifted JCmgdom, or about thirty poundsperliead.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
be allowed to finish his remarks.
No objection was made.
Mr JF. A. CONKLlNG. The amount of duty
received on the quantity of sugar imported into
the United States in 1859,which lhave just stated,
was §6,943,479. being at the rate of twenty-four
per cent, ail valorem. The amount of duty col-
lected on sugar imported intoGi eat Britain in 1859,
as I have already stated, was $28,277,721 60,
A few words now in reference to the article of
coffee. The number of pounds of coffee entered
for consumption in Great Britain in the year 1859
was 34,492,980. The amount of revenue received
on that quantity was <£431,361; which, at f4 80
to the pound sterling, makes $2,070,532 80. The
quantity of coffee imported into the United States
in the same year was 246,902,327 pounds, which
was free of duty. In round numbers, then, a lit-
tle more than seven times as much coffee was im-
ported into the United States during that year as
was imported into Great Britain.
The number of pounds of tea entered for con-
sumption in Great Britain in 1859 was 76,237,538;
and the amount of revenue received on the same
was .£5,408,924; which, at §4 80 to the pound
sterling, is $25,962,835 20. Now, there was im-
ported into the United States during the same year
only 23,148,808 pounds, which was free o£duty.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] has made no.particular allusion to the arti-
cle of molasses; and therefore I shall relieve the
committee from listening to the statistics which
I have prepared on that subject.
The question being on Mr. Covode's amend-
ment,
Mr. COVODE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Covode and
Vallandigham were appointed.
Mr. COVODE. If the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will give us a vote
upon this amendment in the House, I will not
insist upon a division by tellers.
Mr. STEVENS. lean make no bargains about
this war tax.
The committee divided; and the amendment
was rejected—ayes fifty-one, noes not counted.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the section by
striking outjn the eleventh line the words " not
advanced above Dutch standard." I move to
strike out these words because, in their present
position, they have no meaning. These words,
without figures or numbers appended, have no
meaning or significance. If it were " No. 12,
Dutch standard," it would mean something. I
move further to amend in line sixteen, by add-
ing, after the words '' Dutch standard," the words
"below No. 12, Dutch standard, 2j cents." I
offer that amendment for this reason: that all the
white or claycd sugars below No. 12, Dutch stand-
ard, are not provided for by the amendment of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
The words "above No. 12, Dutch standard,"
were introduced by him, leaving all the clayed or
white sugars, as they are termed, below No. 12,
unprovided for.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Allow me to
suggest to the gentleman that he will accomplish
his object by inserting in line eleven, after the
word "above," the words "No. 12." I suppose
it to be an error of the clerk in transcribing the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. That part of the section applies
only to raw or Muscovado sugar. The classifi-
cation of "white and claycd sugar" embraces
sugars in value from 2j to 7 cents a pound.
White and clayed sugars do not mean the same
thing at ffll. Clayed sugars are those that have
been by any process clarified—from white,through
different grades of yellow, to almost black. If we
were to adopt the Dutch classification—not merely
the No. 32, but all the numbers as they do in Eu-
rope, we would arrive at a just method of levying
the duties. But if you impose a duty of three
cents a pound on all white and clayed sugar, you
impose the same duty on the best white sugar as
you do on the brown sugar which forms the raw
material out of which the refiner in this country
is to make his loaf sugar.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
the amendment so that it will read:
" All sugar commonly called Mus-covado or brown fruyar,
and on sugar not advanced above No. 1:2, Dutch standard,
by claying, boiling, or other processes.''
1 think that will effect the purpose of the gen-
tleman.
Mr. DAVIS. I accept that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COX. I move to amend by striking out
the following clause:
"Tea, 15 cents a pound," and "coffee of ai] kinds, 5
cents pyr pound "
Mr. Chairman, I was fully prepared, at the last
session of Congress, when all our measures of
adjustment failed, and when we had the prospect
before us of a dissolving Union, to find, as the re-
sult of our action or non-action then, not only
large armies enrolled, butperpetyal taxes imposed
—taxes which would be felt in the dwellings of
the most humble. I was prepared to find intro-
duced, at this session of Congress, a bill to tax the
necessaries of life—coffee, tea, sugar, &c. Here
we have it. I will not give my vote for it, unless
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
comes up and answers the demands of the coun-
try, and the demands of the crisis, by taking off
the onerous tribute levied on the agricultural por-
tion of the coantry for the benefit of Pennsylva-
nia's interests.
I denounced the bill of last session, and was
almost alone in denouncing it, as a fiscal tyranny,
which taxed almost all implements used, from a
locomotive down to a needle—almost everything
made of iron which entered into common use. i
denounced it as a tyranny which would, in time,
alienate even the western country from some por-
tions of this Confederacy. I said that the same
bad influence which had contributed somewhat to
alienate the southern portion of the country from
the North, would, in time, work out similar bad
effects even on the western country. We passed
a bill last Congress which the civilized world, in
view of the crisis now pending, called upon us to
modify or repeal. But, instead of having equal
taxation—a taxation which might have produced
more revenue—we find the same old blighting in-
teresthere, clinging on to what it liasgot already
in Pennsylvania and New England, and asking
that taxes shall be pushed into the cottages of the
poor and industrious classes; nay, of the very men
who are now fighting the battles of the country.
Sir, I am opposed to this mode of taxing tea
and coffee, by imposing a specific duty of 15 cents
per pound on the one and of 5 cents per pound on
the other. The price of tea now is from 20 cents
to §1 per pound. Most of the teas now imported
are worth, perhaps, at the smallest figure,30 cents
per pound. But it matters not what the price is.
By this tariff" the poor man has got to pay the
same tax as the rich man—the man who drinks
cheap tea pays the same tax as the man who drinks
expensive tea. So it is with coffee, on which a
specific duty of 5 cents per pound is proposed.
I believe we could raise more revenue by cutting
down the duty to 2| cents per pound. Why?
Because this tax is proposed to be levied on all
kinds of coffee from Rio to Mocha, from coffee of
15cents per pound to coltee of 30 cents per pound;
and the consequence will be, that there will not be
so large a consumption and importation, with the
duty at 5 cents as there would be with less duty.
We know that the large portion of poor people,
especially Germans, use the Rio coffee. They
will stop the use of it altogether at 5 cents per
pound duty. They will use a substitute. It
would be wiseforus to adopt the proposition made
by the other gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Covode,] and reduce this duty, if the bill is to pass.
If its passage is a foregone conclusion, then we
ought so to modify it as to make it bring a greater
amount of revenue. I will not vote to levy any
tax on tea, coffee, or sugar, till I see some propo-
sition made here to cut down the infamous rates
imposed by the Morrill tariff" bill on such things
as chisels, cutlery, &c., and, I may add, wood
screws, about which gentlemen heard so much
last session, the benefits of which are given to one
company in Rhode Island, which has, by having-
the only patent, the monopoly of their manufac-
ture, and which paid out money in England to
stop the importation of those articles here, so that
it might enjoy the monopoly. So long as these
things exist, the great West, the agricultural por-
tion of the population, will not march up here and
pay very cheerfully these large taxes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I believe, Mr.
Chairman, that it is neccssary for us all to give up
something of our own opinions in order to conduct
the Government successfully through the present
crisis. I maysay.with reference to this bill, that
while it does not meet my entire and cordial sup-
port, yet I mean to give it my vote. I believe that
the duties on most articles are put too high. I am
not so sanguine as my friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] is, that we will receive under it the
amount of revenue that he has estimated. I think
it but right to say to the House that, in myjudg-
ment, we can realize no such amount of revenue
as he has predicted. In the first place, let us take
the article of coffee. Last year we only imported
180,000,000 pounds; and yet we are supposed to
consume an equal quantity this year, in spite of
