in
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
July 17.
Mr. STEVENS. I think about §26,000,000.
Mr. FOUKE. I move to stride out as follows:
" That from and after the date of the passage of tills act,
in lieu of the duties heretofore imposed by law on the arti-
cles hereinafter mentioned, and on such as may now be ex-
empt from duty, there shall be levied, collected, and paid,
on goods, wares, and merchandise herein enumerated and
provided for, imported from foreign countries, the following
duties- and rates of duty, that is to say: First. On raw
sugar, commonly ealled Muscovado or brown sugar, not ad-
vanced above Dutch standard, by cluing, boilingj clarify-
ing, or other process, and on sirup of sugar or sugar cane and
concentrated molasses, or concentrated melado, 2£ cents;
on white and clayed sugar, Dutch standard, when advanced
beyond the raw state, by clarifying or other process, and not
yet refined, 3 cents per pound; on refined sugars, whether
loaf, lump, crushed, or pulverized, 4 cents per pound;
on sugars after being refined, when they are tinctured,
colored, or in any way adulterated, and on sugar candy,
6 cents per pound; on molasses, 5 cents pergallon': Provided,
That all sirups of sugar or sugar cane, concentrated molas-
ses of melado, entered under the name of molasses, or any
other name than sirup of sugar or sugar cane, concentrated
molasses or concentrated melado, shall be liable to forfeit-
ure to the United States; on all teas, 15 cents per pound;
on almonds, 4 cents per pound; shelled almonds, 6 cents
per pound; on arrow root, twenty per centum ad. valorem ;
on brimstone, crude, §3 per ton; on brimstone, rolled) $6 per
ton ;on coffee, of all kinds, 5 cents per pound; on cocoa, 5
cents per pound; on cocoa leaves and cocoa shells, 3 cents
per pound; on cocoa, prepared or manufactured, 8 cents per
pound; on chicory, 3 cents per pound ; on chocolate, 6 cents
per pound; on cassia, 10 cents per pound j cassia buds, 15
cents per pound; on cinnamon, 20 cents per pound; on
cloves, b cents per pound; on cayenne pepper, 6 cents per
pound ; on cayenne popper, ground, 8 cents per pound; on
currants, 5 cents per pound; on argol or cream tartar, 6 cents
per pound; on figs, 5 cents per pound; on ginger root, 3
cents per pound; on ginger, ground, 5 cents per pound ; on
ginger, preserved or pickled, thirty per centum ad valoiem;
on lunes, lemons, oranges, bananas, and plantains, twenty
per centum ad valorem ; on liquorice paste and juice, 5 cents
per pound; liquorice root, 1 cent per pound; on mace and
nutmegs, 25 cents per pound; on nuts, 2 cents per pound;
on pepper, 6 cents per pound; on Peruvian bark, fifteen per
centum ad valorem; on pimento, 6 cents per pound; on
plums, 5 cents per pound; on prunes, 5 cents per pound; on
quinine, thirty per centum ad valorem; on raisins, 5 cents
per pound.
Mr. Chairman, all these articles are such as are
used by the poorer classes. My friend from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Wright] is right in stating that
coffee is a luxury; but it is one of those luxuries,
and almost the only one, which is known in the
log-cabin as well as in the mansion of the rich.
I am opposed to any tax upon sugar and coffee.
We are borrowing enormous sums of money to
carry on this war; artd the revenue derived from
a duty upon tea and coffee is a mere bagatelle in
comparison. I believe that the men who are en-
during all the hardships and toils of this painful
and distressing conflict ought not to have im-
posed upon them such an onerous tax. We should
leave this debt to be paid mainly by posterity.
It is our duty to do the fighting and to sec that
Union is maintained. When the Government
shall go an as of yore, there will be abundant
revenue to pay off the interest upon the public
debt, and gradually to reduce it. Past events
prove this. This is the view I take of the mat-
ter; and I believe it is the correct one. No man
who lends this money, or any part of it, expects
to get it back soon; but he lends it with the
assurance, judging from the past, that lie will
receive the interest on it.
Mr. WIUGHT.^ How doevS the gentleman
propose to raise the interest upon this loan?
Mr. FOUKE. Dy aduty upon liquors, broad-
cloth, satin, and silk, and other like luxuries.
Mr. WRIGHT. And upon iron?
Mr. FOUKE. I am not so much in favor of
increased duties upon iron. We have had a sur-
plus of revenue, until recently, under the tariff
of 1840; and i think, peace once restored, that
state of things can be brought about again. How
fai Congress is responsible for passing events is
a question to be settled in the future. But, sir,
we can provide for the present and the future
without high duties upon necessaries. I merely
rose to ask the chairman of the Committee of
Waysand Means how much revenue this section
would produce. He says about $26,000,000, if
as much of these articles be imported m the future
as has been done in the past. If this.duty be
imposed upon tea and coffee, I assure gentlemen
that the poorer and larger class of our people will
cease to use them. It will be so much taken from
their- daily wages, which are now not within
thirty-three per cent, of what they were, and in
a few months more they will not be fifty percent,
of what they have heretofore received. In some
portions-of the country men are 'enlisting in the
Army for bread and meat, leaving their families
for the time to live upon the small allowance of
money which the Government pays them. And
these are the men the Government relies upon for
the defense of its flag.
The man who receives 50 cents per day pays
as much tax, so far as sugar and coffee are con-
cerned, to support this war, as the man whose
income is counted by the thousands. The prin-
ciple should be that the capital of the country,
which is most benefited by Government, should
support it. The poor man, who enjoys few other
luxuries besides sugar, tea, and coffee, fights for
§11 per month? while his more fortunate brethren,
who wear broadcloth, command regiments and
companies, battalions, and brigades. Give us
something that will produce sufficient revenue to
pay the interest upon our public debt, and at the
same time operate equally and without oppres-
sion.
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. I object. I must express
my surprise and astonishment that gentlemen who
have voted for every measure recommended by
this Administration, running the expenses of the
Government up to hundreds of millions, and who
are ready to bankrupt the Treasury, not only for
the present, but the future, should get up here
now and cry crocodile tears over the poorer classes
of our people, and the men who are fighting our
battles. When a tax of 15 cents upon tea, 4 upon
sugar, and 5 upon coffee, is to be levied, theyrold
their arms, and complain that the poor people have
in that way to foot the enormous bills they have
themselves created. Sir, it is a logical sequence
of the acts of this Congress. Gentlemen who vote
these measures ought to be willing to foot the bill.
I had no agency in these matters. I voted against
them. I have preserved—as has been well re-
marked upon the floor of this House upon another
occasion—the symmetry of my record; and, at
the last session of Congress, I voted against this
tax upon sugar, tea, and coffee. But gentlemen
say te£ and coffee are luxuries. Sir, they have
bccome necessaries to the masses of the people
of this country. Thoy are necessaries with the
men who arc now fighting the battles of this coun-
try, and who have left their dear wives and child-
ren at home in the great State of Illinois and the
great State of Ohio, which some of these gentle-
men sitting in front of me represent. But not
only did 1 oppose and vote against it, but I intend
to tlo it again.
Why do not gentlemen come up here and,like
men, meet the question fairly, and vote direct
taxes to meet the expenses of the war ? It is im-
possible to so organize a tariff as to yield revenue
enough to meet the expenses of this war. I am
surprised that the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania
should advocate a tax upon sugar, tea, and coffee,
those articles which have become absolute neces-
sities to the poor of this country, and to the very
men who are doing the lighting, when it is well
known that, by a reduction of the duty imposed
upon iron under the act of* 1857, which was quad-
rupled, and in some instancesquintupled,a much
larger amount of revenue could be raised upon
that great staple than upon all the articles men-
tioned in the first section of this bill. It is a
strange and singular philanthropy that would
prompt men to urge their fellow-Citizens into a
bloody civil war, and then propose to tax them
upon the articles which enter into the consump-
tion of all their families, and that, too, when there
is no necessity, if the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens] will consent to such a reduc-
tion of duties upon their great staple as would be
reasonable and right. I must express my surprise
that while the distinguished chairman of the Com-
mittee Of Ways and Means, together with the
distinguished civilian and distinguished military
chieftain from Iowa, [Mr. Curtis,] expresses his
concern for the poor, and with an enlarged phi-
lanthropy and love of country, desires to prose-
cute this war to speedy and successful termination,
I have not heard a word from him about a reduc-
tion of duty upon iron, when there is nota school-
boy in the country that does not know that by
such reduction we would get an immense addition
to our revenue. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania proposes to do nothing except securing men
to do the fighting, and then taxing that which is
absolutely necessary for those who fight the bat-
tles. This is philanthropy and love of country
with a vengeance.
Mr. STEVENS. As wo are running very rank
into Buncombe, I move that the committee rise,
for the purpose of terminating debate upon thia
first section.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose;and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Campbell reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the state of the
Union generally under consideration, and espe-
cially House bill No. 54, to provide increased
revenue from imports, to pay interest on the.public
debt, and for other purposes, and had come to no
conclusion thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all debate on
the first section of this bill be terminated in one
half minute after the committee again resumes its
consideration.
Mr. DIVEN. I move to amend by making
the time five minutes. .
The amendment was not agreed to.
The motion of Mr. Stevens was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act to
alter a'nd regulate the Navy rations; when the
Speaker signed the same.
f TARIFF BILL.
^lr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Campbell in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the tariff bill; the pending ques-
tion being on the motion of Mr. Fouke to strike
out the first section.
Mr. PENDLETON. Before the question is
put, I move to strike out from line twenty-seven
the words "on all teas, 15 cents per pound,"and
insert:
First. On bar iron, rolled or hammered, comprising
fiats, not less than one inch nor more than seven inches
wide, nor iess than one quarter of an inch nor more than
two inches thick; rounds not less than one half an inch nor
more than four inches in diameter; and squares not less
than one half an inch nor more than four inches square,
$14 per ton.
I offer this amendment for the purpose of
Mr. STEVENS. No debate is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The half minute has ex-
pired.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WARD. I move to strike out from line
three, page 1, the words " the date of the pas-
sage of this act," and insert " 1st of September,
1861." I desire it for this reason: the bill pro-
vides that goods in bonded warehouses 
Mr. STEVENS. I call the gentleman to order.
No debate is in order.
Mr. WARD. I propose to make ah explana-
tion merely.
The CHAIRMAN. It can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. We had better ob-
serve the rules.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ARNOLD. In line thirty-one, I move to
strikeout "five "and insert " three," reducing
the tax on coffee from 5 to 3 cents, believing that
that will produce more revenue.
Mr. DUELL. I call for tellers on the amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wood, and
Kellogg of Illinois, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 64, noes 51.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. As I perceive this bill is not
likely to pass the House, I move that the com-
mittee rise. If we strike out coffee from one sec-
tion, we must strike out tea from another. I move
that the committee rise, and we may possibly re-
port a bill to-morrow to lay a direct .tax to raise
a revenue.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Campbell reported that
