THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RITES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JULY 19, 1861.
New Series.,...No. 12.
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the state of the
Union generally under consideration, and espe-
cially House bill No. 54, to provide increased
revenue from imports, to pay interest on the pub-
lic debt, and for other purposes, and had come to
no conclusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. KELLOGG, of
Michigan, (tit ten minutes past four o'clock, p.
m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 18, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Secretary called the Senate to order and
said: Senators, the Secretary will state that he has
received the following letter from the Vice Presi-
dent:
Senate Chamber, July 17,1861.
Sir: Intending to be absent from the Senate during the
residue of the piesentsession, after to-day, I request that
this intention be made known to the Senate to-morrow
morning at the hour of meeting.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
II. HAMLIN,
Vice Piesidcnt of (he United States.
John W. Forney, Esq., Secretary of the Senate.
What action will the Senate take upon the com-
munication of the Vjoe President?
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Secretary, in compliance
with a custom which has grown to be almost uni-
versal now, I submit this resolution:
Resolved, That in the absence of the Vice President,
Hon. Solomon Foot be, and lie is hereby, chosen President
pio tempore of the Senate.
The resolution was agreed to.
The Secretary. Senator Foot will please
assume the chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore took the chair
and directed the Secretary to read the Journal.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Petitions are
in order. [A pause.] If there be no petitions,
reports from committees are in order. [A pause'.]
If there be no motions, petitions, or reports of
committees, the Chair, with the consent of the
Senate, will call up the.special order assigned for
one o'clock this day. If there be no objection, the
joint resolution (S. No. 1) to approve and confirm
certain acts of the President of the United States
for suppressing insurrection and rebellion, is un-
der consideration, on which the Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Bayard] has the floor.
Mr. BAYARD. The order was made for one
o'clock. 1 want to make use of some books in
the remarks 1 shall submit, which I have not
here now, but will get in the course of half an
hour by going to my lodgings. I did not sup-
pose the resolution would be taken up before one
o'clock, as it was made the special order for that
hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Delaware that he first
called for the ordinary morning business. There
beingno such business to be presented, the Chair,
with the unanimous consent of the Senate, took
up this resolution. By unanimous consent, it
will be postponed until the hour assigned for its
consideration.
Mr. BAYARD. By misfortune I did not hear
the motion to take it up. My desire was merely
to get the books. If it is the pleasure of the
Senate to proceed with it regularly, T shall get
the books, which f need, before one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion, by unanimous consent, will lie on the table
for the time being.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask leave to introduce a bill
of winch no previous notice has been given.
Leave was granted; and the bill £S. No. 34) for
the construction of a railway fro^n the Navy-
Yard, Washington, to Georgetown, District of
Columbia, was read twicc by its title.
12
Mr. GRIMES. I desire simply to say that I
Eresent the bill, it having been reported to me as
aving been drawn at the instance of the city au-
thorities of the city of Washington, i have given
no consideration to the subject myself, and do
not, therefore, wish to be regarded as being com-
mitted either for or against the provisions of the
bill. I move that it be referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. McDOUGALL, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred a petition of
citizens of California, praying that a pension may
be granted to the widow of Captain R. B. Cun-
ningham, of the Navy, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and tha^t be re-/
ferred to the Committee on Pensions; whibh wal
agreed to.
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF TIIE NAVY.
Mr. HALE. There lies upon your table, sir,
a bill reported by the Committee on Naval Affairs
for the appointment of an Assistant Secretary of
the Navy. I move that all prior orders be dis-
pensed with, and that bill be taken up for consid-
eration.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 20) authorizing the appointment
of an Assistant Secretary of the Navy, and fixing
the salary of the same. It proposes to authoi Izc
the President to appointin the Department of the
Secretary of the Navy, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, a competent person,
who shall be called the Assistant Secretary of the
Navy, whose salary shall be equal to the sea pay
of a captain in the Navy, payable in the same
manner as the salary of the Secretary of the Navy,
who shall perform all such duties m the office of
the Secretary of the Navy, belonging to that De-
partment, as shall be prescribed by the Secretary
of the Navy, or as may be required by law, and
who shall act as Secretary of the Navy in the
absence of that officer.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The galleries
must preserve order. To this end all conversa-
tion must be suspended. This order will be en-
forced, even to the extent of directing the galleries
to be cleared, unless it be strictly observed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move the following
amendment, as an additional section:
Jlnd be t£ further cnnctcdi That an officer plial! fie ap-
pointed in the Department of rlie Intenor, by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to be
calif d the A^istant Secretin v of the Intel 101, whose salaiy
t-hali bo "$3,000 per annum, payable in the same manner as
that of the Sectetaiv of the Intenor, who shall peilbim ail
such duties m the office ot the Scciefaiy ol the fnterior
maj be pre.-cnbed by the Secretary of the fntenor, or as
mav be leqmrcd by law : Piovidcd, Thar, the salary ot the
said A--i-.tant Secietaij shall be paid from the appropiia-
tion^ loi compensation of cleiks m said Department oi the
bureaus thereof, and no increased expenditure shall be
there!)} incurred.
Mr. HALE. I hope the Senator from Wiscon-
sin will not insist upon that being offered here at
this time. I do not know whether it comes from
any committee or not. Docs it?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, sir.
Mr. HALE. It does not come from any com-
mittee. The necessities of the naval seivice at
this time are pressing, and the Secretary earnestly
desires the aid in the administration of the office
which this bill offers him. The amendment is not
germane to the subject, and it seems not to be ap-
propriate to be put on a naval bill. 1 hope the
Senator will not insist upon it here, but present
it by itself.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This amendment does not
propose any incieased expenditure whatever, but
provides that m the office of the Secretary of the
Interior there may b'1 appointed an AssistantSec-
retary of the Interior, whose salary is to be paid
out of the present appropriation, by dispensing,
it may lie, with some two clerks in the Depart-
ment. The office of the Secretary of the Interior
is very laborious. Appeals arc often made from
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, and
appeals enough are made to require one person.to
devote the whole of his time in adjudications.
The Pension Office appeals are made to the Sec-
retary of the Interior. It is a vast Department,
and an Assistant Secretary is a necessity. I agree
with the Senator from New Hampshire, that an
Assistant Secretary of the Navy is a necessity.
There is an Assistant Secretary of War, as I un*-
dcrstand, provided for by one of these bills. There
are Assistant Postmasters General, there is an
Assistant Secretary of State. There is no reason
m tli$r world why each one of these heads of De-
partments should not have an assistant; and I
tl^refore am in favor of the amendment; for it
expressly provides that there shall be no increase
/of expenditure, and the officer who may be ap-
pointed at this salary may act judicially on those
questions that are constantly arising, and it is of
necessity that such an offioer should be in the
.Interior Department.
Mr. GRIMES. The great objection to the
amendment is its connection with this bill, that
relates solely to the Navy. If the Senator will
introduce it in a bill independent of this, or if he
will attach itto some miscellaneous bill, probably
gentlemen who are now opposing it will be will-
ing to support it. It is the desire of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to keep this bill distinct
by itself. They desire to propose some amend-
ments connectcd with naval matters. But when-
ever the Senator from Wisconsin will introduce
a bill containing the provision which he attempts
to add to this bill, I presume that many gentle-
men who will now vote against his amendment
will then very cordially support his proposition.
Mr. DOOLITTLE.' I do not understand this
to be a naval appropriation bill or a bill in rela-
tion to the Navy. It is a simple provision con-
taining onu section, that there shall be an Assist-
ant Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. GRIMES. I stated to the Senator that
we had several amendments which we desired to
offer to it, agreed upon in the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, connected with naval matters.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest to the honor-
able Senator that those amendments can be put
on the naval bill.
Mr. GRIMES. The naval appropriation bill
has been passed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Any bill connected with
the Navy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask a
question or two in reference to this matter. We
profess to be somewhat economical, and it seems
from the proposed amendment that some two
clerks can be very easily dispensed with in the
Intenor Department. Now, it is well known that
the Land Office is necessarily very much lessened
in its labors at the present time, from what has
happened, on account of the great decrease of busi-
ness. I was informed by the Commissioner of
Patents the other day that there was so little busi-
ness, comparatively, m that office that he should
reduce his force one third. If that is the case, and *
we are disposed to be economical, I should like to
know why the present Secretary of the Interior
cannot get along with two thirds of the business
that has been done by his predecessors, if he
needs this additional officer, very well; but I
should like very much to know why he cannot get
along with less business, with the same forcc that
his predecessors had with more business. If the
Senator who moves the amendment will explain
that satisfactorily to me, I shall vote with him. It
is perfectly manifest that in the Departments con-
nected with the Army and the Navy, there is a
vast increase of business and of labor. That we
can easily see and understand; but the same causes
that have produced a very large metease in those
Departments, have produced a most decided de-
crease in the Intciior Department, and because we
give them an additional officer, I do not know that
it is any reason why we should inciease theforce
in the Interior Department.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I stated before the Senator
came in and took his seat, the reasons why in my
opinion there ought to be an assistant Secretary
