182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
I desire to say, while up, that I am very anxious,
indeed, that Senators should have the privilege
of selecting each one cadet. It is a little labor,
I grant, sir; a great annoyance*, but it does seem
to me that a Senator could enjoy no greater pleas-
ure than to see a cadet of his own appointment
winning laurels in the Army of the United States.
It seems to me it would smooth his pathway to
the tomb.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio to strike
out the entire section.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator modified it so as
to strike out the first clause and leave that part
of the section which relates to the restoration of
cadets.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Ohio will restate his motion.
Mr. WADE. My motion is to strike out all
the section except that portion relating to the re-
appointment of cadets once dismissed, which in-
cludes the whole section down to the words u at
large" in the twelfth line. That leaves all the
other provisions of the section as they are, which
are, i believe, very wholesome provisions, that
probably ought to be annexed to the general law
on the subjcct.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope this motion will
prevail, for this reason: we have got rid of nearly
all the traitors from our Army; States that have
seceded are not now represented either at West
Point or in the Army; and I hope these places
may remain open for the appointment of good
Union men when those States shall return to their
allegiance. I am perfectly confident that there
are sound Union men in every one of the seceded
States* and I think it is but a simple act of justice
to the union men in those States that these places
should remain vacant until they return to their
allegiance, and then let them have a representa-
tion in the Army and Navy, as heretofore. 1
hope, for that reason, if for no other, that this
proposition to strike out will prevail.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion to strike out.
Mr. CARLILE. We do not understand what
it is proposed to strike out; at least 1 do not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. All that re-
lates to the appointment of cadets at West Point.
Mr. CARLILE. Beginning with what was
the tenth section of the bill?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secre-
tary will read the words proposed to be stricken
out, and the Chair calls attention of Senators to
the reading.
Tin: Secretary read, as follows:
Jhrd be it further ftnactcd, Th.it existing vacancies at the
Milltiiiy Academy, from congressional di-tricts wheie there
have been luilutes to make nominations according to the
piovi'ion-. of*existing la\v.>, shall be supplied by tin* Picm-
(ient, upon the nomination of' fho members of the House of
Representative:-, iiom such States as aie lepiesented in
Cungiess: Provided. That butiwoeadetsshall be appointed
from any one State, and that such cadets shall In; actual
residents of the Stale hoin winch they aie nominated, and
sdmil have tne qualifications loi admission to the Military
Academy a-? aie now inquired lor appointment fiom con-
cessional districts and at huge. And no cadet who--hall
hereafter be repoited as deficient, either m conduct or
studies,and lecommended to be discharged from the acad-
emy, shall be returned or reappointed, or appointed to any
place hi the Army before his class shall have left the acad-
emy and leeeived their commissions, unless upon the rec-
ommendation of the academic board of the academy.
Mr. HARRIS. That, as reported, is not the
section as it has been adopted. The provision in
relation to the appointment of cadets by membeis
of the House of Representatives has been stricken
out.
Mr. OAIlLrLE. In my copy, it reads: "upon
the nomination of Senators."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Ohio moved, in the first place, to strike out
the whole section. He afterwards modified his
motion, confining it to the first part of the section,
or so much of it as relates to filling up the corps at
West Point. Before the question could be taken
on the motion to strike out, it was competent to
move modifications, in order to perfect that sec-
tion. ^ That having been gone through with, the
question now is on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio to strike out so much as has been read.
Mr. CLARK. As I understand it, yesterday
an amendment was submitted to the Senate pro-
viding that the Senators should have the power to*
appoint these cadets. That amendment was com-
mitted to the Committee on Military Aftairs,and
they so changed it as to give the appointment or
nomination-to the members of the House of Rep-
resentatives. We have voted down the amend-
ment which the committee reported this morning,
and it now stands on the original amendment,as
I understand it, leaving it in the power of Sena-
tors to appoint. The Senator from Ohio moves to
strike out that. I understand that to be now the
position of the question.
I am opposed to striking out so much of the
section as provides for these appointments; not
that I like quite well the appointment by the Sen-
ators; but that we may amend it so as to leave it
where it was originally, with the President of the
United States; and I do it for the reason suggested
by the Senator from Michigan, that thePresident
of the United States may have it in his power to
hold out some inducements to the Union men in
the seceding States, in filling up these vacancies,
and show them that there is some advantage still
to bo held out to the Union men in those States,
and that they may have the advantage of these
places.
Now, it seems to me, if I may be permitted to
say so, that it does not exhibit a very dignified spec-
tacle to the nation, that we, Senators of the United
States, arc quarreling over the spoils of these seced-
edStates. These arc places which have been aban-
doned by the seccded States, and we are quarreling
here to-dayas to who shall have them, whether
the members of the House, or the Senators, or the
President. What is the condition of affairs? We
propose now to give them to Senators; you send
your bill to the other House, and they will strike
that out, and insert, " members of the House of
Representatives;" and then you will have a quar-
rel between the two Houses. I say in the outset,
we had better leave it to the President in the first
place, and let him make the appointments; and I
hope that, will be done. I shall vole against strik-
ing out the amendment, that we may leave these
appointments to the President; because I think it
of some importance that the appointments should
be made.
Mr. CHANDLER. Why not wait, and let the
members, when ejected, appoint as heretofore?
Why give it to the President now?
Mr. CLARK. Because 1 do not know when
those States are to return and members be elected.
There may be districts where there will be loyal
members. There may be other districts that may
not be represented at all, or where there may be
disunion members still. Let the President have
the choice from those States at large, and return
Union men to fill these places, and at once.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President, I would sug-
gest to the Senator from Ohio, if he would not
accomplish his object by striking out ali after the
word " Senate," in the sixth line, down to the
word " large," in the eleventh inclusive. I think
it but just that these vacancies in the Military
Academy should be filled,and filled by appointees
from the States wheie the vacancies exist. The
pi oviso confines the nomination to two from each
State; that provision, I think,should be stricken
out. In the bill as I have it printed, this section
provides for filling existing vacancies at the Mil-
itary Academy 44 fiom congiessional districts
where there have been failures to make nomina-
tions according to the provisions of existing laws,
by the President, upon the nomination of Sena-
tors from such States as are represented in the
Senate." That much of this section I should like
to see retained. I do not suppose that it is the
intention of Senators to give to States who have
now their full complement of cadets at the Mili-
tary Academy, additional cadets, because of the
vacancies that exist in States where there are no
appointments; but I take it to be the object of the
committee—at least 1 have so supposed—that
these vacancies shall be filled from the States
where they exist upon the recommendation of
such Senators as may bo here, by the President
exercising the power of appointment, and I am
for retaining so much of the tenth section as I
presume intends to .supply that which now is not
in existence, intends to fill the Military Academy
with cadets from States where, by the laws here-
tofore in existence, they had a right to be repre-
sented , but, from circumstances which are familiar
to us all, now fail to have their complement of
cadets. I therefore hope that it will be the pleas-
ure of the Senate to strike out all after the word
" provided" to the word 41 large" in the section.
Mr. WILSON. The original proposition of
the committee was this:
That the President of the United States be, and he is
hereby, authorized to fill any existing vacancies at the Uni-
ted States Military Academy fiom congressional distucts,
for which no nominations are made by Repiesentntivps in
Congress, by appointments from those districts, or from " at
large."
That proposition was voted down by the Sen-
ate; and some four or five other propositions have
since been made, and voted up ana voted down.
The object in reporting the original proposition
was this: that in those States from which vacan-
cies existed the President should find, if he could,
true and loyal young men to put into the institu-
tion; if he could not find such persons, then to
allow him the whole country at large to pick from.
I think that the fairest proposition which has been
made. It is what I have been for from the begin-
ning; and as I said a short time ago, I think it the
only one that has equity in it.
Mr. CARLILE. I would say to the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs that I, for
one, shall be very grateful to him if he will get us
back to the original proposition, which he has just
read.
Mr. WILSON. I shall make the motion.
Mr. CARLILE. I desire you should do so. I
am certain that, from my own State, every va-
cancy can be filled with a proper appointee, and
I am unwilling that my State shall be deprived of
the benefit of having a few of her sons educated
at the Military Academy. The chairman, I trust,
will get us back there.
Mr. WILSON. I move to strike out the first
sentence of the tenth section as it now stands, and
to insert these words:
That the President of the United States be, and he ia
hereby, authorized to fill any existing vacancies at the Uni-
ted States Military Academy from congressional distiicts,
for which no nominations are made by Representatives in
Congress, by appointments from those districts, or fiom " at
large."
Mr. McDOUGALL. That is the proposition
which I was endeavoring to get at some time
since.
Mr. CARLILE. Will not the Senator put in
the word " State," before i( at large?" I under-
stand the object will be accomplished by that.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not think that will
accomplish the object which is intended. The
Senator from Virginia desires that all vacancies
from the State of Virginia may be filled from that
State?
Mr. CARLILE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 desire to vote with him
to accomplish that object. There nretiue and
loyal men in Virginia, and it would be an outrage
upon the State of Virginia to appoint cadets from
Michigan or New York or elsewhere to fill these
vacancies. It is the same in Tennessee; the hon-
orable Senator from Tennessee, who is present on
this floor, is'perfectly competent to supply you
with as true and loyal men from the State of Ten-
nessee as you can find in any other State in the
Union; and I should look upon it as an outrage
to give these appointments to any other State than
the State ofTennessee. I desire, in the same way,
to reserve the vacancies from the State of Ala-
bama, for there are as true and loyal men in the
mountains of Alabama as you can find anywhere.
I desire to reserve these vacancies for the State of
Alabama when she shall have Senators upon this
floor, as she soon will have, and within six months
from this date, to. make the appointments. I hope
that not a single appointment will be made to a
vacancy from any seceded State, except by their
representatives upon this floor or upon the other.
I trust, therefore, we shall "strike out the section
and leave the matter as it is. There is plenty of
time. We can pass a law next December, or, if
you will introduce the proposition suggested by
the Senator from Virginia, that each State shall
have the full number upon the recommendation
of the Senators, I will vote for that; butl will not
vote to transfer the appointment of a single cadet-
ship outside of the State to which it belongs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair,
with deference, will suggest to the Senate, as a
simpler and less complicated mode of proceeding
in reference to these various propositions ofamend-
ment, that if the motion of the Senator from Ohio
to strike out the first portion of the section referred
to shall prevail, it will then be competent to move
to insert any other proposition, and take the qucs-
