1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
18?
Senate, and let the whole country be advised of
the purpose? I know, sir, that leading political
journals of the Senator's party have declared
that that is the object. I know that Senators on
this floor have declared, that if it shall become
necessary to save the Union, they will abolish the
institution of slavery. I know that a Senator on
this floor has offered—which is now before the
Senate—a bill absolutely abolishing slavery in all
the seccdcd States. There certainly can be no im-
propriety, in view of these facts, in the Senate
saying, when "they are passing laws providing
ways and means to carry on this most unfortunate
war, that the armies and navies of the country arc
not to be used for those purposes. It would at
least satisfy the country.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, the Senator from
Kentucky has alluded to rcmatksof mine, and
has said that I have declared on this floor, that if
it were necessary to abolish slavery in order to
save the Union, slavery should be abolished. Mr.
President, I have said no such thing. What I
said was this: that if the war should be persisted
in and be long protracted on the partof the South,
and in the course of its progress it should turn out
that either this Government or slavery must be
destroyed, then the people of the North—the con-
servative people of the North—would say, rather
than let the Government perish, let slavery pensh.
That is what I said, and say it now, and shall
continue at all times to say the same; not by any
means as a threat, but as a warning and an admo-
nition.
This Government is an object of affection to the
northern people. They have tolerated slavery;
they have even guarantied slavery; they have gone
far in its support; but I cannot say thattheylove
slavery as they love the Union and the Govern-
ment of the United States. If cither must bo sac-
rificed, they will have no question as to which it
shall be.
Well, then, sir, as to the object of the war. I
said expressly that the object of the war was not
to abolish slavery; butrl said further that, should
the war be long continued, that might be its in-
evitable consequence. It may be that the southern
States will persist in the infatuated course they
arc now pursuing, until they will themselves strike
a death-blow to slavery; and, if such a death-
blow is struck, let it be remembered that slavery
will die by its own hand. If it dies at all, it will
be a ease of suicide.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to amend the
amendment of the Senator from Kentucky, by
adding to it:
Unless it shall be necessary hi enforcing the laws, or
inruutaimng the Constitution of the Union.
Mr. President, I represent a constituency whose
rights were traniplea under foot by the slave oli-
gaichy of thiscountiy. Fiaud, cruelly, bai barism,
were inflicted on them by that power. Although
thus afflicted by the slave power of this country,
in an attempt to force upon us, against our will,
that institution, yet, after that struggle was over,
wp were willing to stand by the compromises of
the Constitution, and permit slavery to remain
undisturbed in the States where it existed. An
attempt is now being made by that power to over-
throw the Government—to destroy the Umyn.
They have brought upon us the conflict. If, in
that conflict, the institution of slavery perish, we
will thank God that lip lias brought upon us this
war. We wish not to be misunderstood. We
would have stood by the compromises of the Con-
stitution, and permitted slavery to exist in the
States where it was planted; would not, by word
or act, have disturbed it; but they have forced
upon us this struggle, and I, for one, am willing
that it shall be followed to its logical conclusion.
I do believe, Mr. Piesident, that the institution
of slavery will not survive, in any State of this
Union, the march of the Union armies, and I thank
God that it is so. It is an institution that has been
the curse of the country ever since my lecollec-
tion; these Halls have been accursed with it; the
people of the States where it exists have been ac-
cursed with it, and the people of the free States
have been accursed with it. I respect the gentle-
men who represent slave States upon this floor,
but I say to them that my expeticnce is, that the
institution of slaveiy requires from its devotees
devotion; that kind of devotion which makes
fiends of men. There is no crime that the dev-
otees of slavery will not commit in maintaining
or extending it. It was the amusement of the
slave oligarchy of Missouri to stuff the ballot-
boxes of Kansas. I respect the Union sentiment
and the Union men of Missouri; but it was the
amusement of the filibusters of Missouri and
of Alabama and of Louisiana and of Georgia to
stuff the ballot-boxes of Kansas, in order to force
their accursed institution upon us. It was their
daily piactice to murder unarmed, helpless pris-
oners, and to tear from reeking heads the scalps
of their yet living victims. It was their common
practice to take free-State men who were from
slave States, tie them to trees, and demanding of
them to recant their free-State principles, to cut
off finger by finger, until the hands were finger-
less, and then tie them to stakes and riddle them
to death with bullets. And then this General
Government was used to force slavery upon that
people. The Constitution of the United States
was trampled under foot; the Army of the United
States was used by these men to force that insti-
tution upon our people. Not one word was heard
from that side of this Chamber, or from that side
of the lower House, in complaint. The Consti-
tution may be trampled under foot to advance
slavery, to force it upon a gallant people; but when
the President of the United States exercises ex-
traordinary authority, within the Constitution in
my opinion, he is arraigned here by distinguished
gentlemen as having outraged that instrument
and trampled it under foot!
I was reminded the other day, and I felt, that
a distinguished Senator was placing himself, m
the arraignment of this Administration, some-
what in the situation of the boy m the orchard,
who complained bitterly because he could not
obtain the apple that was beyonjJ his reach. It
did seem to me that the criticisms upon this Ad-
ministration could with much more dignity have
come from any other distinguished Senafor than
from him who delivered that most eloquent speech
here the day before yesterday.
Mr. President, [ will vote against the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Kentucky;
and I will vote for the amendment I have pro-
posed with the distinct understanding, and the
avowal to the country, that slavery is to perish
rather than that one inch of this Union shall be
parted with.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr. President,! regret very
much the introduction of the amendment. I re-
gret that those who are opposed to the amend-
ment have permitted themselves to be betrayed,
at least the Senator from Kansas, into the line
of renuuk in which he has indulged. I think that
it is doing injustice to the causes which have pro-
duced the rebellion that is now in the land, to
charge it to the institution of slavery.
Sir, we must remember that he who conducted
our armies throughout the long years of the Rev-
olution, and who won for us this priceless inher-
itance, was himself a slaveholder, and nurtured
by slaves. It is therefore no fault of the institu-
tion itself. In my opinion, if slavery had not
existed in any portion of this country, the same
motives would have existed that exist now and
prompted this rebellion. I therefore regret that
the discussion of this subject, and the evidence
of warmth exhibited upon itsunwonted introduc-
tion at almost every turn in our deliberations in
this body, should create what I believe to be a
false impression upon the mind of the Union
people residing in the States where the institution
of slavery exists.
Sir, I can say that in my portion of the Com-
monwealth of Virginia, the warmest, soundest
Union men, are among our largest slaveholders;
and I ventured to assert, in the midst of a slave-
holding body, on the 7th day of last March, that
the most direct mode by which the object of the
loudest Abolitionist could be accomplished was
the mode upon which Vngima was then about to
enter. I have no fear of'the destruction of the
institution of slavery by the effoi ts of those resid-
ing beyond the limits of the Slates in which it
exists: and I can, injustice to the proud column
that is now relieving my portion of the Common-
wealth, and, I trust, will soon relieve every por-
tion of the State of Virginia from the reign of
terror that has been inaugurated by those who
have coiispned to overthrow the fairest fabric of
government ever erected by man, say that, what-
ever representatis-es on tins floor or in the other
House of Congress may desire, they will never
aid them in the accomplishmentof an unholy pur-
pose to override the Constitution which is now
struggling for its existence, in an effort to destroy
the rights of the people of the several States. Sir,
four fifths of those who compose that column,
under the gallant McClellan are men who would
die as soon as my own people in defense of the
rights of my State; and they will soon stop the
sinews of war whenever you can induce them to
believe that it is no longer a war for the mainte-
nance of the Government formed for them and for
us by our fathers.
Sir, I shall vote against the amendment offered
by the Senator £*<$n Kentucky. I repeat, that I
regret its introduction; but as I do not intend to
vote for it, I have thought it my duty to say thus
much. This is no war of subjugation; there is
no power in this Government to carry on any
such war; no constitutional, no physical power
to carry it on._ This isa war for the maintenance
of the existence of the Constitution, and the Union
under it; and it is a war in which the hearts of
the loyal people of the so-called seceded States are
as much enlisted as are the hearts of the constit-
uency which the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut represents. I did not understand him to
say, I do not understand him now to say, that he
himself desires that this warshpuld be prosccuted
to the extermination of the institution of slavery.
I merely understood him to say—that was an in-
ference which I drew, and I conceivc it to be a
very legitimate inference—that those who have
inaugurated this rebellion, who seem determined
to push it to its extremities, may by their act, and
by their act alone, effect the destruction which
the Abolitionists never could have accomplished.
I believe this a war constitutionally waged for the
perpetuity of the Government, in which are bound
up all our hopes, the hopes of posterity, and the
hopes of the civilized world.
1 shall vote against the amendment to the amend-
ment also. Sir, there can be no prosecution of a
lawful enterprise to do an unlawful act. I trust
that tins discussion will be allowed to close, and
that the Senate will be allowed to vote upon the
propositions now before it.
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, I cannot
say, in common with the Senator from Virginia,
that I regret that this amendment has been pro-
posed to the Senate. I shall certainly vote against
it; it docs not meet my views, or receive my ap-
probation; but it may still be well that it has been
offered, as it affords us an opportunity of com-
paring notes, understanding the opinions of each
other, and giving the country at large a distinct
undcrstandmgof What the purpose and intentions
of the Congress of the United States are. I speak
only for one; I intend to speak very briefly, but
very plainly, my sentiments upon this subject.
I differ fuithermore from the Senator from Vir-
ginia in the supposition that the institution of
slavery has had nothing to do in involving the
country in the calamities which now press upon
it. Had it not been for the sentiments and opin-
ions which are engendered, fostered,and cherished
by the institution of slavery, I cannot persuade
myself to believe that there ever would have been
found a disloyal heait to the American Constitu-
tion upon the American continent. I believe that
the whole trouble has grown out of the institution
of slavery and its presence among us, and, as I
remarked, the sentiments and opinions which it
necessarily engenders, fosters, and cherishes.
The war, it is true, is not a war for the exterm-
ination of slavery. With the institution of slavery
where it exists the General Government has noth-
ing, as a Government, to do; nor has the General
Government ever assumed the power of in any
shape or manner controlling the institution of
slavery, or its management in the States where it
i exists. The General Government has never been
aggressive either upon the slave States, or upon
the institution of slavery. These troubles have
all grown out of precisely the opposite—not the .
aggressions of the General Government or of the
free States—bill out of the aggressions of slavery
itself, and its continual struggles for expansion
and extension to countries where it had no right
to go, and where our fathers never intended that
it should go. If slavery had been content to re-
main where the Constitution placed it, if it had
been content with the privileges and immunities
which the Constitution guarantied to it, the free
States and the slave States of this Union could
