1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
session be continued until discharged by order of the
House, witli permission to report at the next session.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to inquire whether
he contemplates, by that resolution, the sitting of
these committees daring the vacation.
Mr. MOQRHEAD. No, sir. It only con-
tinues the committees that they may not die, and
to permit them to report upon the subjects re-
ferred to them.
The resu.ntion was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I call for the regular
order of '•'isuioss.
Mr. PEA' DLETON, of Ohio. I appeal to the
gentleman from Illinois to withdraw that call for a
moment, until I can make a report, which I have
been instructed to make by the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. WASHBURNE. If the gentleman will
permit the regular order of business to go on, his
committee will be called in a few moments.
Mr. PENDLETON, of Ohio. It may bo so,
or it may not.
Mi-. WASHBURNE- I must insist on the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the regular order
of business, to call the committees for reports.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I &sk the consent of the
House to take from the Speaker's table the naval
appropriation bill, which lias been returned from
the Senate with amendments. The Committee of
Ways and Means agice that they ought all to
pass; and 1 ask that they b<v concurred in.
Mr. PENDLETON, of Ohio. Is that the reg-
ular older of business?
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for repous.
Mr. PENDLETON, of Ohio. I insist on the
regular order of business,
REMISSION OF FIXES AND PENALTIES.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to report back House
bill No. 17, authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to remit the lines and penalties inclined in cer-
tain eases, regulating the compensation of certain
surveyors of the customs, and for otherpurposes,
with an amendment, and to ask that it be put upon
its passage.
Mr. Speaker, I will make a brief statement to
the House in relation to this bill. It is a bill
of four sections. The first section of the bill
related to the salaries of certain surveyo; s of cus-
toms. The committee, upon a consultation of
that section of the bill, determined to strike it
out, as there was some difference of opinion in the
committee as to whether it would come within
the terms of the resolution confining the business
to be transacted at this session of Congress to cer-
tain specified subjects. The other sections of the
bill, winch the committee recommend the passage
of, relate to the remission of certain fines and pen-
alties. The letter of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, winch I send to the Clerk's desk to be read,
will explain the bill fully to the House. It is im-
portant that the bill should be passed, in older to
give the Sectetary of the Treasury authority to
remit certain fines and penalties which have been
incurred by reason of the closing of southern
ports, and there being no collectors there to give
the proper papers to vessels leaving those ports.
The Clerk read the letter of the Secretary of
the Treasury, as follows:
Thlasury Department, JulyG, 1861.
Slit: I iiav the honor to Mi™e.st the propnety of addi-
tional !cpi •i.itmi! ptoviihui; ioi the compensation the
veyots ot' the customs nt j '>!! < on til'- Mississippi liver and
its tributaues,npon theiriouwl tli.it the salary of now
allowed by l uv id neai ly, it nor quite, the on rue compensa-
tion they now iceeive. 15y the mtejiupuon of eonmieiee
wuii lei ei2D nations, by wav ot the Mississippi nver, they
an' depuved. to a veiy considerable extent, oi the Iceland
commissions vvnieb, under the law-, constitute the stealer
pru t oi their compensation They have been, and =tdl erm-
uinu; !o be. actively employed as the preventive loiee in
can\ !iii* out my instructions in releieneeto themteieouise
am) tM.de witli peixjijs* and places undet in.-urreetion.uy
conttoi. The compensation leeommended isat a late based
on the average annual amount tin ^ olliceishave leeeived
lor the la>t ihc jcdiu, and dv,o& not dilToi essentia!!}-
Imin it.
i 'wiinr to the foieibie exclusion of the officers of the cus-
toms irotn the exen ;se ol their oiheial functions under the
law^ ol tiie United State.-, m eeitam southern Statut;. mas-
ters ol vessel-, detained in then poit~',eouhl not obtain, on
thm* departure, IclmI cleaunices andothei lequuaie papers,
and were m consequence subjeeted to the rine- and penal-
ties prescnbed by the law in sueh ea&es. Wlieie it ap-
peared to my satisfaction that the failure to comply with
the Jaws was solely occasioned by the fact that there were
no officers of the customs at the ports of depaiture legally
authorized to giant the lequisite papers, T dueeted the col-
leetors not to exact the penalty, but to leiund to the paities
who had deposited money in their hand> to await my de-
cision. In some case? the fines weie distributed,underthe
law, by the collectors befoie my instructions were received
by them, &o that the amount of the tine or penalty cannot
be iostoied without fuitber legislation. I would res-pcct-
fully recommend that the amount received as fines and pen-
alties, undei these circumstances, ho rehinded,and that
autlionty tor that puipose be panted b\ law. The amount
to be lelunded, would not, piobablv, exceed fifteen hundred
or two thousand dolhus
I beg leave, also, to leeommend that authoi itv be granted
bv law to pav to the penum oi peeons entitled to iceeive
the same, a tine exacted ol the master oi the Russian ves-
sel India, b} the eolieetoi of the customs at the poit of Nor-
lolk, Vitgmia, m tbe month of Nove.nbei hist, for lailuie
to piodnee a maniteM oi eas^o. It will appeal, fiom an ex-
amination of the papeis in the case, herewith transmitted,
that the master of tlie India was but mipei tcctly acquainted
with the Eniilir-h language, and that lie mii-umletMood the
demand made of Inni lor a mande&t, and that he had, m
fact, a papet de?eiiptive of jnscarao, and answering all the
puipos.es ol a manifest. This fine bad aha) been di&tiibuled
bctoie the mstiuetions of iuy piedeecswoi weieieceivedhy
the collector.
1 would also ie?pecttuily recommend that authority be
granted bv law foi the remission ot the additional dutv of
one hundred per centum, seemed by the bond given foi the
tiarirrportation of waichouced meiciiandise from a port in
one collection disinct to a poit in another collection dis-
trict, under the ptovision1? of the sixth section of the ware-
housing act of March 2i>, 185-!, whenever t-atistactorv pi oof
is produced that the failure to tiansport and deliver the
meicbandise, aecoidmj; to the conditions of the bond, oc-
curred without negiiL'ence or t'laudulent intent. Cai-c.sire-
quentiy oeem of such lailtue without any iriound tor iinpnt-
ni<* naud or neirh<renco to the panics coneei aert, and the
bond havm«r manned, I hav no power t<> all'oid leUef.ev-
eepi bv adopting the aUeinati\c ptovided by the wan hous-
ing act aloie.-aid, ot a semue of the nieiehamh-e, and the
e.\neis<> ,,-f the u milling powerund'vrthe act of I* 07. This
eoiuse, hovwn ei, s nbjei t •. innocent pai i ses io mueii <l"lay
and expi'n-e. The evrution oi the wai<'iiou-in<i laws
would be nmnli lacihtatcd, and no public inleiest nnpaned,
by eonfeuimr llie authority siic'jestetl.
A diaft ot a lxll, embodvins the toie<*oing recommend-
ations, !-■ Ijeicwith K'speettully submitted.
i am, very ie>pectluily, >J. P CIIAf'TJ,
Sea clary oj ike Tica-.ury.
Chaaman of Committee on Commi ice.
House of Il>fpi esc illative?.
The amendment, to strike out the first section
of the bill, was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed,and
read a third time; and bem^ engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to amend the title
of the bill, by striking out the words "regulat-
ing- the compensation of certain surveyors of cus-
toms and for other putposes.5'
The amendment wns agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was pas^d; and also moved
to lay the mot'on to reconsider upon tiie table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUKISTIMEXT OF PIRACY, ETC.
Mr. SHEFFIELD, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill supplementary to an
act entitled " An act to protect the commerce of
the United States and punish the crime of piracy;"
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
IIEYENUE MAl'JNE.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Tlr'.nJrcth Th.it the S"eietaiy o! the Trea-ury be requn-ted
to communicate to Conine-, ot its uvular ^^sum in De-
cember next, Mich fat ts eoneeimail the i "V("i;ie m.uine of
the Uiiitetl State., as wi'i enable th-ni to t.ik<> sin-h action
.is ma\r be expedient eOiieeiiKtrr the iemodeiiii<r ol the .same.
PORTS OF ENTRY IN SOUTIIKPvN STATES.
Mr. ELIOT, from the same committee, also
reported the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Ilctoh cth Tiiat the Com out fee o-i C'ommeree l,e hi.-'ti acted
to mfjuire whethei it may not be c.\pAd:ent that certain
pons ol enti > ni the southern Hiaft'- now m lebellum against
the United States shall be elo>ed b} act of Congies&, with
lca\e to repoit by bill.
SOLDTEIts' LETTERS.
Mr. COLFAX. I am unanimously instructed
by the Committee on the Post Office and Po; t
Roads to report a bill m relation to forwarding
soldiers' letters.
The bill was read a first and second 'imc by its
title.
The bill was then read through. It provides
that all prepaid letters to soldiers in any regiment
in the service of the United States, and directed
to a point where they have been stationed, may
be forwarded, whenever practicable, to any other
point to which they may have been ordered with-
out further charge thereon.
Mr. COLFAX. I move the previous question
on the bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. I wish to state that there will
be a report from the committee of conference on
the military bill, which, I think, will accomplish
the object of this bill.
Mr. COLFAX. This bill is in regard to for-
warding- the letters of soldiers who have been
ordered, from the point to which the letters were
diiected.
Mr. WRIGHT. Ah, that is a different thing.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered. The bill was ordered to
engrossed, and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY OF VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. PENDLETON, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, reported a bill for the re-
lief of the Ohio volunteers; which was read a first
and second time by its title.
The bill piovides that the pay of the Ohio vol-
unteers shall be computed from the day when
they assembled at the place of rendezvous in the
State of Oh to, until the expiration of their term of
service, and not from the day when they were ac-
tually sworn into the service of the United States.
Mr. DAWES. I would state to the gentleman
that the Massachusetts soldiers arc in the same
position as those from Ohio.
Mr. PENDLETON, of Ohio. In reply to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, I would state that
the memberof the Judiciary Committee from that
State represented to the committee that the Mas-
sachusetts ti oops had been paid by the State, and
that the State will make a claim upon the Gov-
ernment for that amount of pay.
Mr. DAWES. I do not wish, of course, to
throw any obstacle in the way of the gentleman'a
bill. If the gentleman's statement is correct in
regard to the Massachusetts troops, I do not wish
to oppose it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the gentleman with-
draw the demand for the previous question for a
moment?
Mr. PENDLETON, of Ohio. Yes, sir; for a
moment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think the same state of facta
exists, to a considerable extent, with relation to
the soldiers from Pennsylvania. It is within my
knowledge that they were for a number of days,
if not weeks, m actual service before they were
mustered into the service of the United States. I
should like to see the provisions of this bill ex-
tended and made general, so as to include all the
military.
Mr. PENDLETON, of Ohio. I have presented
to the House a well-ascertained case, in which
this difficulty exists. Other cases of a similar
character may exist; and I shall be happy to vote
for a bill for the relief of these volunteeis. The
House have a well-aseeitained case now before
them, and the Committee on the Judiciary have
instructed mo to lepoit the bill; and I move the
previous question upon it.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman to yield to
me one moment. I do not wish to oppose the
gentleman's bill, but 1 tlnhk there must be some
mistake in reference to (he soldiers from Massachu-
setts. 1 am informed by my colleague that those
troops are precisely m the situation represented
by the gentjeman from Ohio to be the case with
; the Ohio troops. I hope, therefore, that the gen-
| tlcman will so modify his bill as to comprise the
i Massachusetts troops. If they are not in the same
I situation it can do do harm.
] Mr. HOLMAN. I ask rhegentleman from Ohio
1 to have the b:ll apply also to the Indiana troops.
| Mr. ALDltlCll. And also to the Minnesota
| troops, and tronpa from all other States. Make it
j general.
! Mr. DAWES. While 1 a^ree with the gentle,-
| man from .Ohio as to the objects of the bill, it is
