198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
as cruel in results, is as bad in principle as that of Robes-
pierre, when he enshrined a hailotasagoddessof Liberty,
and bade the people iall down and worship."
Is that the paragraph to which the gentleman
refers?
Mr. COLFAX. I will say to the gentleman,
that the paragraph to which I allude was in the
language in which I expressed it;andmyimpres-
sion that it was a paragraph from the Richmond
Enquirer is confirmed by thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. McPhersox,] who has also read
the article ,4ind I have heard a number of other
gentlemen speak of it.
Mr. MAY. Well then, sir, it may be sufficient
for me to say, upon the assertions of these hon-
orable gentlemen  
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, and others.
Read the whole of the paragraph.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. I ask my col-
league to let the Clerk read the residue of that
newspaper article. [Cries of "That is light."]
Mr. MAY. "Why, certainly. X supposed that
was all that was desired 
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
I ask the Speaker to direct ihe Doorkeeper to en-
force the rules of the House. The House is filled
with gentlemen who have not the piivilege of the
floor, and it has been the case since the commence-
ment of the session. The House is idled ail the
time with gentlemen who have no right to be here;
and I insist that the Doorkeeper shall diaehaige
his duty.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is well
taken. The Doorkeeper will enforce the rule of
the House in relation to admissions to the floor.
Mr. MAY. I have read, Mr. Speaker, as much
of this statement as seemed to ascribe to me the
making of these allegations as to the condition of
Baltimore. I have no objection to the reading of
the icsiduc of the article, if H is the wish of the
House.
Several Members. Read the whole article.
The Clerk read the article, as follows: *
Henry May's Mission into Dixie—What he is telling Ihc
conjodrratcs.
The following interesting ;md important account of affairs
in lSuhimore is nom a lettet wiitten at Richmond on tile 4th
of July, and published in the. < Umrloton Coin ioi .
4'The principal bubble upon liie wave ot Richmond lifn
to-day, or uuhur yoMenlay, was tin* an ival of lion. Uj'nry
May, of I).*lUmor«, (in- Mieec-siul rompetuot in the recent
contest for a member of Con-te^ ihcie, airmail Henry
Winter J)av/s, the Black Republican candidate. The ob-
ject of Jn-. visit ha-> not hanrpned, but ti is loudly whis-
peied that, it looks totwinh certain e\k nt■  m iM.ujland,
which may liave an mlluenee in dcteuniniipj the contin-
uance of die war. The intelligence he bring* tiom thete is
gloomy enough to make an Amcuean weep.
" According to his statements Baltimore is a-s effectually
under the heel ot" the tyiant, as if the head of every man
was in lion fetters. Fedeial tioops aie encamped"m its
squares and pntiol its fttiecH; cannon aie planted at
cornets; citizens are arrowed tor even hreathui£r><>c"- .io>i ;
women aie insulted with impunity; outiages are peipe-
irated thai make huinanny blu-h ; and, in a woid,a reign
of tcnoi h:n hcen in.iuginatod which, il not as ciuri m ie~
suits, N as bad in pi meiple as that oi Kobc-pu-ne, when lie
enshrined a liailot a* a goddesa oi Liberty, and bade the
people iall down and woi^inp.
" While this is the *ad side ol the picture, there are other
feature* about it winch nepiie tin; stion^eM hopes that the
d^y of retaliation Is not tar distant. Thirty thousand men
aie *aid to be under arms, waiting conceited ;u tion. j-'i--
ienily and stealthily they have been piep u ing tor liie event,
which they know mtMeoinc. The mercenaries have sought
to dcpiivc thcin of their weapons, hut where one has been
made a prize, a bundled have taken its place. 1 loam this
facUiom a well-intoimed lialumoiean now in Richmond;
and tiom anoUier*ouiee I has'C ascertained that not les* than
eii'Jd thousand muskets arc at this moment concealed and
vi^ilunlly guarded m ht and day.
l think J telegraphed to you that in the eighth ward—an
lu ll di-irict, bythewa) —a eon'edorate ltug was tlying
ovei a hou^e, m which loaded mvivoIs wcie mounted at
Ihe windows, and that the inmates would die beioie they
would allow the flag to be struck.
" My informant believes that a battle then: i-i imminent.
Affia)s between the citizens and f-oUheis lake place fie-
quentiy. AJicady M-veial on both side?, have been kilh-d
and wounded. Should a light we shall heai ot .-ernes
that only hud a paialiet m the Moody leooid- of the Fiench
revolutions, when the people Jou«rht and compiled ihe
trained soMich of then King behind ban icaiie-. Th" blow
may be pieoipitated in thanauiek Erc!ti>Ii>a<i de-
2iciuh upon the sunessand movements of (1 moral JoJnf-to-n.
If he lire, oidos from the President to march into Mai [(land
an! to>i «rd-> Battii/iO) e, the game cjmi.tenres at orue. Ijiij-
coln wiil find himself oneoiupa* =>ed by foic.-, m fnmt ,md
iua:. Cut oft fioin liie IVoxth and West, Wa^hneiton will
be de-tio\ed, and the foot-!ep-> oi the ictreafing nuny,
thoi'yb Hacked in blood aeio~s the soil ol iami--us
they assuredly will be in <ueh an event—maj po&.-ibl> pave
liie uuj loan houoiabie peace.
'• 1 he Movements ol Johnston, within the last lew hours
aie watched with intense mtertft. Jt i> known that Cad-
walader i- ou the march tovvaids Virginia,and that a £inall
buttle had taken place between his advance guard and the
forces of Colonel Jackson; but beyond the arrival of foity
cavalry, taken prisoners and biought to Winchester, the
details of the affair have not tram-pi'ied. Colonel Jackson
retired to diaw the enemy into our line of opeiations, and
(Jen oral Johnston, with the entire force under his command,
advanced. Ilere the record stops,but 1 hope the teleginph
to-day will bring &ueli news ot a great battle as will make
the 4th of July doubly dear to every southern lieai t.
"The best of feeling—newspaper crocking to the con-
trary—prevails every whine among our tioops. They are
anxious to be 4up and at 'em;' aie in piime condition,
phj -ically and patriotically, and have only one paramount
want in the woild ; and that is, an oppoituiuty ' to clean
the Yankees out and go home to their business.' I observe,
extensively quoted and commented upon, in the northern
papers, an "extract fiom a ietterpublished m some southern
journal, puiporting to come from a private gentleman at
Manassas, and expressing the conviction that Beauregard
is destined to be defeated.
" The result has been an evident encouragement to the
people ot' the North, increased enlistment in the Aimy, a
proportionate diminution of vim in the South—tor even a
shadow will sometimes can^'C a chill—and, worse than all,
an older iiom Secretary Walker that we indefatigable
newspaper correspondents shall not vi^it any of the great
camps without pledging our honors that w e will not divulge
the secrets we may discover; all this train of effects pr-
eceding fioin a few poorly-advi>ed lines, written with an
incautious pen, by one who mu.-t be neither a good soldier
nor a good judge."
Mr. May resumed the floor.
Mr. WHEELER. I would ask ifitis in order,
in this connection, to have read the dispatch of
General McDowell to the War Department.
[Laugh tei\]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MAY. The first two paragraphs of that
articlo 1 had seen. The rest of it I had not pre-
viously seen or heard of. The reading of it by
the Clerk was the first intimation I had of its
existence. I do not know, sir, who is the au-
thor. 1 am not able to conjecture, even, who
wrote that article. It is absolutely untrue that I
communicated any such information to any one;
and it is equally untrue, in point of fact, that
such a state of things exists. That there are
thirty thousand men—\y, and more—who, unless
the heel of oppression is lifted from them, will, if
they can got the opportunity, vindicate their con-
stitutional rights and liberties, is absolutely true.
I proclaim it here to-day; and I will be one of the
number of them, on grounds of constitutional
right, and to resist tyiannyarul oppression, on
e-iounds of Ameiiean right—on grounds of con-
secrated and defined legal right. These nre the
grounds on which itstands. As fora conspiracy
a^ainstthe United States,having for its object any
attempta^autrtt the Government, or the overthrow
of the military authorities, the statement is ab-
solutely preposterous. It docs not now exist.
It never did exist. X tell the gentleman from In-
diana it never did exist. It lests upon the rela-
tion of spies and informers—those detestable mis-
creants who from the beginning of the woild have
been held in scorn and contempt by all honest
men. Because of their imn^tnin^s and malicious
falsehoods, founded upon the most malignant mo-
tives, a loyal people—avast majority of whom
are true to their duty to the Constitution of the
country—are dominated over m this way, and
placed under the heel of military power. 1 de-
nounce the whole of it as rank, gross, unparal-
leled oppression. That is my answer to the gen-
tleman from Indiana.
Now, a few words in reference to the residue
of that article. I have nothing to reserve. What
I may do and what I have done in this business
of our unhappy national troubles is as open as
the light of day. I invite the scrutiny of my
countrymen upon every action of my life, and
every thought in connection with our unhappy
discoid. Elected a Representative by the people
who conferred upon me this honor by a large
majority—elected upon the basis of peace, con-
ciliation, and compromise, as the only means
of saving this great, prosperous, and happy Gov-
ernment and country of ours, I stand committed
to these measutes; and,sir, with my life I intend
to promote them, come what may come, springing
from a love of peace and for the sake of my coun-
trymen, with h heart aitve to those fraternal in-
terests that ought to be dearest to us all, in trying
to assuage these horrible calamities now impend-
ing over us, and with the hope of bringing us
together once more as a happy and united people.
1 will go anywhere, everywhere; I say, sir, I will
lay down my hie fortius result cheerfully. Elected
upon such a platform, to serve such high and holy
objects—appealing* to the heart, conscience, and
every future accountability—I stand firm and un-
shaken in my convictions, and ail the menaces, ail
the frowns, all the dominations of all the powers
of the earth cannot move me from my love of
peace and devotion through it to the safety of my
country. Here is where I stand and here I mean
through the future to stand. Governed by such
motives and elected upon such a platform, I felt
that I should fail to perform a part of my duty if
I did not go where I would be recognized as a
countryman and as a kinsman—if I did not go
into that mother of States, which hoids the ashes
of those dear to me, and there offer myself in the
character of a mediator. The Representative of a
people closely allied to the South by the ties of
blood, of feeling, and of interest, with a recol-
lection of the friendly intercourse which I have
enjoyed with public men there, I felt that I had
authority—however faint the hope—to go and
inquire into the disposition of the people of the
South; to mingle freely with them as my coun-
trymen; to iind out their views and the views of
the government established over them; and in any
and every way that I could, in the sacred office of
a pacificator, endeavor to avert, assuage, or term-
inate this awful civil strife now fearfully impend-
ing; or, if nothing can be at present done to heal it
or mitigate its horrors, to watch the first moment
of a contingency, which events may bring about,
and be prepared to catch the first gleam of pacifi-
cation and help its hallowed success. Sir, it was
a private mission that I undertook; but it was a •
blessed one.
I wish, Mr. Speaker, to make one or two more
observations, and then I shall have done, for I
have neither strength nor disposition to continue,
and I would not now proceed in my remarks if 1
did not fear that the disease from which I have
not yet recovered may prevent my reappearance
in this Hall during the present session.
Notwithstanding the motives which governed
mo, and which I may proclaim to be among the
most honorable and patriotic of my life—ay,
there is no action in all my life which I value with
such sweet delight as this visit to Richmond—I
did not feel at liberty to go across the Potomac
without permission of the authorities of this Gov-
ernment. And so I felt it to be my duty to wait
on the Chief Magistrate, and tell him, as I did
most frankly and fully, the objects of my visit. I
did not ask for his sanction; I did not desire it.
I did not wish to embarrass the Chief Magistrate
in such a way. I had no claim upon his confi-
dence; I had no right to ask him for any commis-
sion or authority; but I felt it was my duty to
state to him distinctly the objects which governed
me, and obtain his permission to cross the Poto-
mac. It was most distinctly understood, between
the President and me, that I took no authority
from him—none whatever; that 1 nsked for none,
and disclaimed asking for any; that I went on the
most private mission on which an humble citizen
could go. I asked his consent also to obtain from
the military authorities a pass. Having jurisdic-
tion on the other side of the Potomac, they were
to be consulted and the necessary formalities ob-
served. The President authorized me to say to
General Scott that I had conversed with him, and
that while he gave no sanction whatever to my
visit to Richmond, lie did not object to my going
there on my own responsibility.
That is a fair account of my interview with the
President; and I stand here bound in honor to
vindicate him against those who have been will-
ing to arraign him here and to charge him with
tampering, through me, with his duties and with
the government of the confederated States.
The General-in-Chief gave me a pass which I
have exhibited to the committee; not, however,
until the committee had informed me that there
was not a particle of evidence suggested, or exist-
ing, or likely to be produced against me, in any
way affecting my public conduct. That pass
recognized distinctly on its face niy visit to Rich-
mond as a private aifair, on my own responsibil-
ity; and neither I, nor any friend of mine, nor any
one with my privity, consent, or knowledge, has
ever mentioned a word implicating either the
President or General Scott with any sanction to
my visit. On the contrary, whenever I have
spoken of it I have been careful to separate both
those high functionaries from all responsibility
for it.
Mr. Speaker, all the crime, all the treason of
