200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
stitution does not point out the mode and man-
ner m which military forces shall be drafted and
disciplined, that therefore the Commander-in-
Chief of the Army is guilty of great usurpation in
adoptingiSome particular mode in preparing that
Army for the field. Our fathers knew that such
a law as martial law existed. They knew that
such a law was exercised upon emergencies. They
knew it had been exercised again and again in the
country from whence we derived our prevailing
language. And when they did not, upon the face
of the Constitution, deny to the military com-
manders the right to declare martial law and avail
themselves of all the advantages it conferred, it
was equivalent to an enactment at large of every
provision upon the subject of martial laW now
found in the works upon that subject in our libra-
ries.
Assuming that to be the case, then the martial
law carries with it the power, in the Commander-
in-Chief, not only to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus, and to arrest suspicious individuals, but
it supersedes all civil power which stands in the
way. Assuming that to be true, what is the con-
dition of affairs in Baltimore, and, indeed, nil over
Maryland, to which my colleague so feelingly
alludes? A minority, an acknowledged minority,
in this great contest in reference to the supremacy
of the laws of the United States, contemplates
what? Not satisfied with the result of the ballot-
box in the election of the Chief Magistrate of the
Union; not content to abide by the determination
of the ballot-boxin therecentelectionin Maryland,
in electing, by a large majority, to this Congress,
supporters of the Constitution and the union,
thirty thousand out of one hundred thousand of
the people of Maryland contemplate resistance
unto death to the result in the city of Baltimore,
unless released from its action in that city. It is
in that connection that, with my heart of hearts,
I thank the President for having clothed General
Scott with the necessary powers for the crisis. I
thank the general in the vicinage of Baltimore for
having exercised the authority with which he
was clothed. Need 1 harrow up the feelings of
any one by recurring to thatmost mon.sttousout-
rage, that treasonable outrage, in Baltimore, by
which our own people undertook to stone to death
the armies of the United States, called here to
vindicate the laws and maintain the Government
of the country ? If the commissioners who com-
plain—and J shall hear their complaint with great
patience, for 1 have great respect for those gen-
tlemen—if they were not competent to prevent
such an outbreak as that; if they were not com-
petent to prevent the burning of the bridges be-
yond Baltimore, over which the troops for the
defense of the capital must necessarily pass, were
they fit for their situation; were they qualified for
the emergency; and were the people safe under
their domination ?
Again: what a state of affairs is disclosed by the
letterjustroadat the Clerk's table. 1 asked to hnvo
it read for a double purpose, i have not been in fny
seat since the unfortunate proceedings in reference
to my colleague took place upon this floor, and I
take this occasion to say that 1 would have remon-
strated against such a proceeding, because I should
have hoped that the acts of a gentleman who had
been elected a member of the Congress of the
United States, a gentleman possessing the confi-
dence of a large and intelligent constituency, would
not be called m question upon mere rumors, and
only upon stubborn proof.
1 desired to have the communication read, be-
cause, from the remarks made by some gentlemen
upon this floor, T judged that my colleague was
being held responsible for some things in that let-
ter which in no way relate to him. The writer
undertakes to give a communication made to him
by a citizen of Baltimore, and in the same con-
nection, is a disclosure made in another letter from
Richmond, touching communications purpoitmg
to have been made by my distinguished colleague.
But I never for a moment dreamed that my col-
league would go to Richmond with such knowl-
edge in his bosom as that disclosed in this letter,
and conceal it. What is that knowledge? That
a secret organization exists in Baltimoie and in
adjoining portions of Maryland, having in view
an insurrectionary movement immediately upon
the happening of the contingency—which J do not
think is very likely to occur—of Johnson escap-
ing Patterson and appearing before the people of
Baltimore. What was to follow? Iwillnotread
it here to-day. Sufficient to say that men were
enlisted, and women, too, ready to rise upon the
soldiery, and to murder and massacre the inhab-
itants in the streets. I spurn the idea that my
colleague had any such knowledge. I saw that
there was confusion in the minds of members in
reference to this communication, and that they
supposed it was charged that my colleague made
all these disclosures in detail.* I felt confident
that it was not so, and I placed the article in his
hand that he might disclaim that charge, and
brand the author of it as he deserves.
Mr. MAY. fam not responsible for one word
of it.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. I understand
that. But here is an anomalous and strange con-
dition of things—trying a military officer, General
Banks, acting under the most painful circum-
stances, and who, from every word in every proc-
lamation he has issued, if there be truth in the
man, believes he is engaged in an honest and pa-
triotic attempt to suppress insurrection; and if,
with that intent, and with such a holy purpose in
his heart, he has stepped over the rule of martial
law, and tiespassed a little upon the rights of indi-
viduals, still 1 gay, goon in your good work,and
receive the laudation and encomium of every man
in Maryland, even including the minority, when
they wake up from the delusion under which they
are now acting. Though the state of affairs, as
disclosed in that letter, may not exist in Balti-
more, would any prudent military man, in a
strange land, admonished to be on his guard by
the outbreak by which Massachusetts soldiers
were so inhumanly and cowardly murdered, fail
to look to siVh a letter as i hold in my hand, as
a warning to beware and take caution? A mili-
tary leader is not to wait for that detailed, sys-
tematic, and demonstrated truth that a justice or
jury would require.
A^am, what more had General Banks before
him? When the attempt was made m the streets
of Baltimore to murder a portion of the Massa-
chusetts regiment on their way to discharge then-
duty in supporting the laws of the land, what was
the duty of those in authority? At that time
Marshal Kane was chief of the police. Did lie
act as General Banks is now acting? Did he try
to quiet the excitement? Did he make any effort
to lead men back to their allegiance to the coun-
try? Did the police commissioners, whose case
is brought here for trial by a sort of appeal from
the decision of the military powers m Baltimore,
make an elFort to lead back the population of Bal-
timore to their allegiance, and to teach them ihat
thcJlaws of the United States are the supreme law
of the land, and that when either a civilian or a
soldier is obeying the order of the executive offi-
cers of the United States, he is entitled to the
sympathy and protection of every orderly and
loyal citizen ?
Mr. MAY. I hope my colleague will allow me
to interrupt him for a moment.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. With great
pleasuie.
Mr. MAY. As my colleague handed me a paper
to be read, T beg leave, at this point of his observ-
ations, to call attention to a report made by this
very Marshal Kane to the authorities of the city
upon the subject of that riot. That report of his
has not been seen by the members of this House;
and if my colleague will allow it to be read, with
the proof that accompanies it, I undertake to say
that there is not one gentleman here upon this
floor who will not at once acknowledge that this
marshal of police stands vindicated; that he did
all that man could do to prevent that riot; and that
he exposed his life over and overagain in the pro-
tection of the Massachusetts and Pennsylvania
troops. All I ask is that justice shall be done him.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. That is all I
ask.
Mr. MAY. He is now a prisoner; and I trust
my colleague will do me the justice, as his Rep-
resentative, to allow this paper to be read by the
Clerk. It is his vindication; and it is a complete
one.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker,
this discussion has been ma manner forced upon
me. I came here at the commencement of this
session with a perfect willingness to be a calm
and quiet spectator of passing events. I desired
very much, indeed, that we should engage in
merely such conversation or conversational dis-
cussion as the bills indispensable for the preser-
vation of the Government would necessarily elicit;
but this subject having been opened up before the
House, every gentleman, I am sure, will sympa-
thize with me in the feeling that the people of
Maryland would expect a response from one of
their Representertives. I regret the necessity of
dwelling upon these topics. They had better have
been left in the arena where they have been here-
tofore discussed. And now, if my colleague will
allow me, I will characterize and describe the
paper which he desires to have read, and thus save
the time of the House.
Mr. MAY. I prefer that it should be read.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. Well, let the
Clerk read it.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Police Department, Office of the Marsiiax.;,
Baltimore, May 3,1861.
Sir: The columns of the Baltimore Ameiiean of tlife
date contain an assault upon my official conduct as com-
manding officer of the police force of this city, in connec-
tion with the oeeuuences of the 19th of April Ia«t, which
seem to require some notice, in order that the facts of the
case may be duly registered on the jo ornate of your ofliee.
With that view, I'have the honor to invite your atten-
tion to the fact that, on the forenoon of Thursday, the 18th
of April, 1 was directed by the police boatd to fumMi es-
cort to two bodies of Federal troops, which weie expected
on that day by the Northern Central road1 at one o'clock,
and by the Wilmington and Philadelphia road at four
o'clock,respectively; and to sec that they weie passed
i afely through oui city. Subsequently on the same day,
information was communicated to me that the Philadelphia
company, fearing that the passage of these troops would
create excitement, were manning arrangements to pass
them across our harbor hom Canton tol.ocu>t Point; tlm 
avoiding the streets of om city. It will be seen, however,
that tins arrangement was not consummated.
At one o'clock, a. m., I was on the ground at the outer
depot of the Northern Centra! load, and took command of
the loiee which had been detailed to that point. I was ac-
companied to the depot by his Honor Mayor Biown, who
seemed deeply anxious that om laws should be rejected
and enforced. The Mayor, however, was e.illed away by
message the Governor to meet in consultation at the
moment when the nam arrived- It is enough to say, how-
ever, that the troop-, weie safely escorted to Momxt Clare
depot and departed foi Washington, having experienced no
moie annoyance than might have beet) expected, asdonlu-
lehs the otficeis of the regulai troops who accompanied the
detachment, will readily testily
My foiec was kept under arms until a late hour, waiting
the airival ot the detachment expected fiom Philadelphia;
but it was finally ascertained from the lailroad agent that
the troops had not even staitcd, nor did they know when
they would stait from Philadelphia, when the police fotce
was dUmis-cd, with ordeis to remain icady for instant call.
I heard nothing more of these troops until twenty minutes
past eight o'clock on the next (Ftiday) morning, at which
mix' I was met on the street by one of my men with a
dispatch fiom the southern police station, signed by Mr,
Commissioner Davis, infoiming me that the troops, fmm
Philadelphia would aruve at the Camden sticct (Washing-
ton) depot within thnty minutes ; that the cats containing
them would not -nop at the Philadelphia depot, but go di-
rectly to the Washington depot, to which place I u-as re-
quested, by the rmlroad authot ities, to scurf a ■police force.
I at ouec telegraphed to the seveial >taiions, and within
the thnty minutes I was on the ground at the Camden sta-
tion with an ample force, but was then told that the troops
wei e just cursing the .Susquehanna liver, and would not
aruve for some time.
With the view to keep down the excitement I sent the
police foiee ftom the depot to a neighboring police station
to await the trains, coming, and ateo s>ent for his Ilonoi the
Mayor, who soon appealed, accompanied by the boaid of
police.
The cars arrived, and very soon an immense thtong of
people were eongiegated, but by the ih-mnets of the pohee
the troops were all slutted tiorn the Philadelphia to the
Washington ears witnom any colh-ion with our people
having occulted, and the excitement paitially subsided.
Alter waiting some coi^ideiable time for the nam to ^tart,
and not being made awaie that any moie Philadelphia care
weie expected, 1 mqnned of sonic of the railroad agents
I pre-ont the cau-e o! the delay, and was informed that ub-
' sci ticlio'is had been placed on the Washington fiack in ad -
vanco of the tiain. J at once sent a detachment of police
under determined and lehable offieeis to guaul the tiacft
out - ide of the ciljr7 and to see lhat the trains weie protected
to the Relay IIou^ (adistance of nine miles) lfnecewtiy.
Alter waiting a long additional time, and having made
repeated inquiiies as to the cau-=e of the continued delay in
btaitmg the train, f was for the fn>t time miouned that
other tioops were expected at that station ; and at the same
moment learned that a not had commenced in Piatt street.
J pi omptly devolved the command at the Camden station
upon Deputy Maishal Gilford and started loi the scene of
not with a detachment ot my men, and met the Ma^achu-
setts soidiciy on Pratt sheet nem jaylu Mieel, (his Honor
Major Jirown being w-th them.) hastening tow aids the
Washington depot, puK-ned by an emaged multitude. I
opened my lank-, thiuugh which they pa*sed, and eloped
m t!m 111 ieai; foimed my men aero:,-* the street; directed
tlM'iu to diaw then levolveis and lo&hoot down any man
wlmdaiedto break through their line. It h enough for
me to say that these orders were faithfully executed ; my
I men did then duty, and the Massachusetts troops were
j le-scued.
[ Fiom that time tile missiles intended for the troops were
! encountered by your own police foiee. The tumult being
