202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
in office, and are therefore presumed to have
sanctioned all he had done—his crimes of omission
as well as commission. They were, then, I say,
equally unfit for the positions that they held;
and I maintain that a military commander would
be false to his country and to himself, and false
to the security which he is bound to guaranty
to the gallant and loyal men under his command,
if he waited to satisfy himself, by mathematical
certainty, that the public interests and public
peace demanded the course which he pursued.
To that consideration alone I ascribe the action
of Major General Banks, and it is to that alone
that I h&Ve addressed these remarks.
There were other local causes to which I might
advert, going- to show the indispensable necessity
for interposition on the part of the military com-
mander in Maryland. The apportionment of rep-
resentatives in the Legislature was made in old
colonial times. It has been modified; but, up to
this day and hour, the majority of the people of
Maryland have no voice in the choice of their
Legislature. Under our new constitution, how-
ever, the majority,* by a general ticket, elect a
Governor;ana at the last election tlicy electcd one
responsive to the sentiment that beats warmly in
the heart of the people of Maryland. But the
Legislature of Maryland elected two years ago,
not with a view to this issue, have been engaged
in embarrassing the Governor in all his measures
of policy. One of those measures, which Gov-
ernor Hicks thought a very prudent measure
under the existing state of things in Maryland,
was to collect the arms held by private citizens,
without distinction of party. This the Legisla-
ture prevented from being carried into execution,
and passed a law which goes very far to secure
arms in the hands of individuals. Why? If the
citizens of Maryland are for warring against the
Government, they should not be permitted to have
arms, if they are for peace they do nut need them,
for the arm of the United States protects them,
and the banner of the Confederacy floats over
them. Why, then, have the Legislature inter-
posed obstructions, by law, to the collection of
arms? Do they think it prudent to leave them in
the hands of piivatc holders, to be concealed where
they cannot be found? It could not be for the
purpose of upholding the laws of the Union, it
could not be to uphold the statutes of Maryland.
The President of the United States is faithful to
his duty; and the people of AJaryland are faithful
to theirs. Why then were these arms retained ?
We kno w nut.
Mr. Speaker, I have lesponded only to such
topics as my colleague brought forward. I can-
not now, or on any other occasion, revert to other
considerations influencing the action of the mili-
tary authorities, i have said in the opening, that
I thank General Jknks most cordially for the
measures he has taken. So far as i can understand
them, they meet my approbation; not because 1
like to see my fellow-men tyrannized over—lor my
feelingsjire always with the oppressed and against
the oppressor. Jkil I thank Ucmial Hanky, lie-
cause, in my humble judgment, he is doing a great
work of good to both sides hi tins controversy m
the State, and in preventing that unfortunate civil
war which exists m the Union being biought
home to ourown firesides by a struggle on the part
of the minority with arms in their hand.% to get
the mastery over their fellow-citizens, who would
oppose it to the death.
These are the reasons why, with perfect sin-
cerity, I reiterate my thanks to the Chief Magis-
trate for having clothed General Scott with powers,
in the event of his deeming it necessary, to sus-
pend the wiit of habeas corpus to carry that meas-
ure into effect; and I thank General Uauks for the
firmness and courtesy with winch he has dis-
charged that duty. In saying all this I ntu not
vindicating the President or the Administration,
i am vindicating the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army of (he United States, who was clothed by
the President with executive powers: which pow-
ers he has exercised, in my judgment, wisely,
patriotically, humanely,and for the be.->t interests
of the country.
a AVAL, APPnorniATiON BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to take from the
Speaker's table the Senate amendments to the bill j
(H. R. JNro. 19) making additional appropriations j
for the naval service for the year ending June, 3tJ, i
1862, and appropriations for arrearages for the
year ending June 30, 1861.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the amendments
of the Senate be severally concurred in.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
amendments were concurred in.
INCREASE OS1 THE NAVY.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I desire the consent of the
House to take from the Speaker's table Senate"
bill (No. 32) to provide for .the temporary in-
crease of the Navy, and refer it to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
No objection being made, the motion*"was
agreed to.
TARIFF.
Mr. STEYENS. I move that the rufeS^fcesus
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Campbell in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the bill
(H. II. No. 54) to provide increased revenue from
imports, to pay interest on the public debt, and
for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be on
motion of Mr. Fouke, to strike out the first
section of the bill, it having been amended on
motion of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ar-
nold,] by reducing the duty on coffee from 5
cents per pound to fifteen per cent.
Miv, McKNIGHT. Is it in order to offer an
amendment to the first section ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I move to amend by in-
serting in line twenty-seven, page 2, the words,
" on ail greon teas 20 cents per pound, and on nil
black teas 15 cents per pound." I desire to say,
in support of this amendment, that my worthy
colleague, the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, stated yesterday that the difficulty or
objection to such a provision would be, that all
teas would be entered underthe head of " black."
Now, sir, I happened to fall in last night with an
eminent impoiter of teas, from New York, who
told me that it would be impossible to fail to make
the discrimination; that the weight of.the tea
itself would determine the kind.
Mr. VALLANDiGHAM. I desire to know
if debate is in order upon this section ?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order,
it having been closed yesterday, by order of the
HAusc, upon this section; and the Chair will so
decide if the point is raised.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I had forgotten the order
of the House closing debate. 1 hope, however,
the committee will, by unanimous consent,allow
me three or four minutes upon this amendment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAAI. 1 should be glad
myself to wee the debate go on upon this section
of the hill; but as the rule has been adopted, I
de.sire to sre it applied impartially, and I shall
therefoie object.
Mr. McJ\ NIGHT. I withdraw my amend-
ment, then, if there be no objection.
Air. VALLANOIGMAM. I move to amend
in the twenty-seventh line of the first section, by
su iking out " 5 cents per pound" and inserting
" fifteen per cent.;" so that the clause will read,
" on all teas fifteen pcrccnt." My object m mov-
ing this amendment is to equalize the duties on tea
and coffee. The committee having on yesterday
voted that the duty on coffee shall be fifteen per
cent., 1 propose to make the duty on tea the same.
The motion was disagreed to.
'The question then recurred on striking out the
first section of the bill; and beins; taken, the motion
was disagreed to.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I now renew my amend-
ment, making the duty on green tea 20 cents, and
that oa black tea J5 cents per pound. I desire
merely to say in addition that I have the authority
of a gentleman connected with the Treasury De-
pal tment foi saying that this change ought to be
made.
The amendment Was disagreed to.
Mr. LOOMIS. 1 move to amend the fourth
section in the eighteenth and nineteenth lines by
striking out the words " on ivory unmanufac-
tured, ten per centum ad valoremj
Mr. Chairman, I will_occupy but a minute or
two in explanation of this amendment. Hitherto,
unmanufactured ivory has been admitted free of
duty. We have, in the State which I in part
represent, several very large manufacturing estab-
lishments of ivory. These manufacturers are not
less self-sacrificing than any othersjjhut there may
be a fact connected with this matter that the Bouse
docs not understand. The manufacturers of ivory
sell a large portion of their products in South
America, in Mexico, in Cuba, the West Indies,
and in Canada, where they are barely able to
compete with the European manufacturers by
selling at the lowest living prices; and with this
duty of ten per cent, on unmanufactured ivory
they would be unable to compete with the Eu-
ropean manufacturers in those markets.
The result, then, of this proposed duty upon
unmanufactured ivory would be this: it would
break up our establishments for the manufacture
of this article, thus greatly diminishing the im-
portation of ivory, and also diminishing the rev-
enue we should receive upon the articles imported
in exchange for the manufactured articles sold in
otlici countries, such as coffee, sugar, and various
other articles which it is now proposed to make
pay heavy duty to the Government; forofcoursc
these importations would be much diminished by
destroying our manufacturing establishments and
breaking up the export of the manufactured arti-
cle. 1 say, therefore, that, taken simply as a mat-
ter of revenue, the levying of a duty of ten per
cent, upon the raw material would, in this in-
stance, have the effect of reducing the revenue
instead of increasing it. In England and Fiance
the raw material is admitted free of duty. So that,
I repeat, the effect of this provision would not
only be to render it impossible for our manufac-
turers to compete with European manufacturers,
but would diminish instead of increase the reve-
nue.
Mr. STEVENS. The duty upon the article
of unmanufactured ivory is very small as fixed by
this bill; true, more than heretofore; but we arc
now taxing what have heretofore been free arti-
cles, for the purpose of raising a war revenue.
As to the effect the duty may have upon the
exportation or the manufactured articles, that is
provided for in another section—the sixth—in
which a drawback is allowed upon all such ma-
terial equal to the tariff originally paid, minus
ten per cent. The gentleman's remark as to the
effect it will have in preventing our manufactu-
rers from competing with those of other nations
in foreign markets, does not apply m this instance.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend by adding, at
the end of the fourth section, " on oii of cloves,
75 cents per pound." I will merely state that, ill
n preceding section, there is <i duly lixed on cloves
at 8 cents per pound, but there is no duty placed
upon manufactured cloves; and I have proposed
this amendment, therefore, for the purpose of
equalizing the duly upon' the article', manufac-
tured and unmanufactured. It requites about 8
or 9 pounds of cloves to make 1 pound of oil, so
that the rate of 75 cents a pound for oil will about
equalize the duty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. I'ENDLliTOX, of Ohio. I move to add,
at the end of the amendment just adopted, the
following:
On bar iron, rolled or hrwimcrcd, comprisinjj tlats, not
than one me!) nor moie than .-.even an he  nor
than cue quaitei of an inch nor moie than two niche*
thick ; loantH nor Iev> Than one half an jncii not moie than
lout jiiuiH'n m (lia>t;crt 15 and squarus not !«">:?> ilun one half
an inch noi moie th.m lour inches ^quaie, $14 per ton.
When I offered this amendment yesterday, I
was precluded, by the rule limiting debate to half
a minute, from submitting one or two observa-
tions, which 1 now desire to present. So far as
this amendment goes, it is the section contained
in the bill sent to us with the report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. I offered it yesterday as
a substitute for the provision imposing a duty
upon tea I desire to bring the committee to a
direct vote, as between the recommendation of the
( Secretary of the Treasuiy in connection with the
duty upon iron, and the recommendation of the
Committee of Ways and Means in relation to the
j duty on ten.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I call the gentlemen to
order. His half minute has expired.
