1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The CHAIRMAN. That applies to only the
first section of the bill,
Mr. PENDLETON, of Ohio. The chairman
of the committee of Ways and Means told us
yesterday, that the duty imposed upon tea would
bring into the Treasury §3,750,000. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury, a gentleman for whom my
constituents have great respect, in whose financial
ability they have confidence, tells us that the
Morrill tariff was in some respects a prohibitory
tariff; that the duty upon.iron is a prohibitory
duty; and he tells us that if we reduce the duty
upon iron, from a prohibitory to a revenue stand-
ard, it will yield to the Treasury §7,000,000; and
I wanted the committee to choose, and I wanted
the country to sec how they choose, between the
alternative of putting a duty upon tea, which
would yield §3,750,000 of revenue, and a reduc-
tion of the duty upon iron which will produce
$7,000,000. I, for one, do not intend, so long as
this bill stands in that position, to vote for it. I
will not vote for a duty upon tea and coffee, when
we are told by high official authority, that the re-
duction of the duty upon iron and steel will yield
double the amount which the chairman tells us
we can get upon tea.
Mr. COX called for a division upon the amend-
ment, but subsequently said, I will withdraw the
call for a division if you will give us a vote upon
it in the House.
Mr. STEVENS. It is alia humbug, and let the
gentleman take lii.s own way.
Mr. COX. It is a humbug, and it is a Penn-
sylvania humbug.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. KIDDLE. I move to strike out the sev-
enth section. 1 will explain the object of my mo-
tion. It is conccdod in debate that these proposed
duties advance, to a certain extent, the price of
nil the goods upon which they arc laid I would
like to inquire what equity there is in putting that
excess into the pockets of those who now hold
their goods in bond in the warehouses, and of
those who have already purchased them or have
already shipped them to the country. I know it
is said that they purchased them m the faith that
the law would remain the same. However well
that may wound, when it in practically applied
there is no foundation in it. You may just as
well say that any incipient transaction is com-
menced in the faith that the law will continueuntil
the perfection of the transaction. The reply to
the whole ol'that argument is, that these persons
who hoid their goods m bond, and those who ore
now importing, have no right to hold their goods
under that provision of the law, and have no right to
have these advances made. The law, in my judg-
ment, should always take effect from the date of
its passage, and there should bo no exception.
Therefore it is that 1 move that the seventh sec-
tion be stiicken out.
Mr. STEVENS. It is argued that this section
ought to be stricken out, because those who have
their goods in warehouses anticipated arise. Hy
all former laws merchants have been induced to
enter thej r goods 111 warehouses at a given rate of
duties. They imported the goods and entered
them at the warehouses at the iato specified by the
law. I should be glad if we could, in good faith,
tax them with all other goods; but according to
thi; view of the committee, they were so entered
under a couti act between the Government and the
importers. The importers are allowed to use the
warehouses for three years, and to take out their
goods at any time within that period by paying
the rate of duty at which they were entered. Now
how can we, with any honesty, in making a new
tai iff, say that they cannot take out those goods
upon the very teims upon which we allowed them
to be placed in the warehouses' It appears to me
that this would violate the pledge of the Govern-
ment, and therefore I am opposed to the amend-
ment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WARD. I move to strike out from the
seventh section the words, "at the date of the
passage of this act;" and insert " the 1st day of
September, IcCl." I am induced to offer this
amendment for the reason that this act provides
that all goods in-bonds at the public storehouses
shall pay duties at the present rates, as well as
those on shipboaid. It is well known that, not
anticipating this act, large orders have been sent
out for goods, which, if not actually ou shipboard,
may be prepared for shipment. My object is that
those who have sent these orders may have the
brief period of a few weeks in order to have their
goods arrive in this country. This seems to me
but just to the merchants of New York, who have
cordially, generously, and liberally contributed to
sustain this Government in this crisis; and I do
not believe it will be prejudicial to any consider-
able extent, to the revenues of this Government.
I hope the amendment will be adopted.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SHELLABARQER. I offer the following
as an additional section, to come in after section
seven:
And be it further enacted, That there siiall be levied, col-
lected, ami paid, on tin; nnpoitation of the atticles herein-
after mentioned, tlie following duties ; that is to say : First.
On brandy, for lh&t pioof orlexs, 50 per gallon; on
sprits manufactured oi distilled ftotn gram, for first pi oof
oi le?s, 60 cents per gallon ; on spirits from othci materials,
for first ptoof oi ley", GO co«t< per gallon ; on coidials and
liqueurs of all kind, To cents per gallon; on arrack, ab-
syuth, knchenwassoi, ratafia, and othct &umlai spirituous
beverages, not otherwise piovrded for, 7."> ceuNper gallon ;
on bay ruin, 50 cents per gallon: Provided, That the duty
upon biandy, {-pints and all other spirituous beveiages
herein enumerated, s-lmll be collected upon the basis of
fiixt proof, and &o nt piopoition for any greater strength
than the sttengfli of fiist proof. On ali white wines in
Cds-ks, costing 23 coiii-, oi less pet gallon, 10 cents per gal-
lon ; costing over and not over 5U cents .per gallon, 2.">
cents per gallon; costing over 50 cents and not over 80
cent? per gallon, 50 cent^ per gallon; costing ovei 80 cents
pei gallon, *5 o nt-- per gallon. On nil white wines in bot-
tle*., eovtiiig &"> cents or le«$ pel gallon, 15 cent.- per gallon 5
costing over 25 and not over 50 cenN per gallon, 30 cents
pei gallon ; costing ovei 50 and not ove> ft) cents per gal-
lon, 15 cents pet gallon ; eo tn>g over SO cents pei gallon,
pei gallon. On all red \\ inos in ca?-k-\ costing 25 cents
or le«"5 per gallon, 7 eenti pet gallon ; costing over S3 and
not ovei 50 rest* per -rallon, 15 cent-* pei gallon ; costing
ovei 50 and nor over tfO cent-* p''r gallon. 90 cent- pei gal-
lon; eu&nng ovt'i e0 cent- pei galiun, 75 cents per gallon,
On all led w me- iu bottles, covins ^5 ci nta ot 1c:-;? per
gallon, 10 cent •? pei gallon; costing over 25 and not over
50 eeni^ pei gallon.-.20 cents per gallon; costing over 50
and not o\er £0 eetiU pei gallon. 45 cents per gallon ; cost-
ing ovei 130 tent-- pei gallon,*! p'n gallon : Prodded, That
a'l nmtmmiis oi biandy 01 sprits or any of Mud wine*,
and all \vni"s impound by any names whatever, shall be
subject to the duty provided lor Ute genuine aittelc which
it i.i intended to iepie-ent: Provided further, That, bran-
dies. f-puii^, winrs, and all otht't spniiuous liquors shall
be sublet to duty only on the quantity mi pot led, and with-
out any allow anee lor p akugu : slndprovided further, That
brandies, cordial-, wine-, or other spiutuous liquor*, may
be unpoited in bottles when the package *hallcontain no't
less than one dozen; ami at! bottle-, containing brandies,
couhalr-, wines, or other ^pirituou-. liquors, shall pay a sep-
aiate duty of thirty per centum ad valorem. On ale, por-
ter, cider, beer, in bottles, oO eenrs pei gallon; otherwise
than in bottle.-, 15 cent- per gallon ; on all j-piutuous liquors
not onumeiated, one hundred pei centum ad valorem.
Mr. Chainnan, the effect of the proposed amend-
ment will be this, that upon all imported liquors
it will increase the tariff about as one dollar is to
a dollar and a half, or as forty cents is to sixty
cents. Taking and comparing the first two items
in the amendment, brandy of first proof, now
taxed one dollar, would, under the proposed
amendment, be taxed a dollar and a half; and the
second class, now taxed at foity cents, under
what is known us the " Morrill tariff," would be
taxed sixty cents. So itis, wherever I have made
the comparison, throughout the amend men t, with
perhaps sonv> venations.
The amendment, of course, will be discovered
to be that repotted and recommended by the Sec-
retary of the Tivasuiy. I beg the attention of
the committee fn* a single moment to the pro-
priety of thus? increasing the tariff upon these
liquors, so that we may in that way, and upon
that class of impositions, incuse the revenue
of the country, i know it may be said, and prob-
ably will belaid, if any ihi ng at all is said about this
amendment, that it may operate ns prohibition.
I think not. It will he seen that almost the entire
class of good.3 embraced m the amendment are of
that character that they will not be affected by
the proposed increase of duty. They are luxuries
that are consumed mainly by those who would
be able to supply themselves with them at almost
any price; and 1 know of no place where it is
more proper that v;u f.hculd make the increase
than hi ic. 11 is a large class of importations, loo. j
lienor it will < s^ennaliy affect the levuiue of the
country, and if \vl! nine,: this increase fall upon
a class who are imt only entirely able, butentiivly
willing, to pay tins increased taxation. I know
bow nnpoiiant u is; and it is therefore with ex-
treme iclnctaiice that 1 offer my amendment;
that we should got through with (lie measures
that are brought before us, and that we should,
as far as we can, adhere to the recommendations
of the intelligent committee that has well consid-
ered this matter; but whilst that is true, Mr,
Chairman, we have an authority perhaps equally
respectable for this amendment, in the well-con-
sidered and elaborate report of tlie Secretary 6jf
the Treasury, who recommends this among other
things. I shall be very much gratified indeed, if
it shall be the judgment of the committee that this
amendment ought to be adopted.
Mr. DIVEN. Mr. Chairman, I hope that this
amendment will receive the favorable considera-
tion of the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's remarks
are not in order, unless he desires to speak in
ojfposition to the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. The Committee of Ways and
Means, after full and mature deliberation, determ-
ined that it was not prudent to enter into a general
revision of the tariff at this short session. They
were aware of the difficulty of revising the duties
on a great many articles, these among the rest— 
and they felt fully satisfied that any attempt to do
it would defeat the whole hill, at least so far as
this extraordinary session is concerned. They
therefore determined to leave all these questions
concerning articles on which taxes are now raised
for deliberation at the next session of Congress^
and these articles among the rest. We think that
they are pretty well taxed now, if you consider
that it is at the rate of first proof. But it was not
so much that consideration, as the general princi-
ple which I have spoken of, which operated upon
the minds of the committee. This question of
levying taxes upon liquors is very much embar-
rassed by our treaties with foreign Governments.
Although I have a private opinion upon that sub-
ject, that they ought not to be controlled by those
treaties, yet the Senate last year thought difier-
ently, and the foreign ministers insist upon a dif-
ferent construction. That being the case, it is too
large and perplexing a question for 14s to enter
into it now when wc need to raise a certain rev-
enue as speedily as possible. The committee con-
fined themselves mainly to those articles not before
taxed, and 1 trust that the "gentleman from Ohio
will see the difficulty we may get into if we once
break into this general arrangement, and under-
take to revise the duties on articles from which
wc are already deriving revenue. If wc do so,
the probability is that this bill will fail to become
a law, and wc shall be entirely unable to borrow
the money which we have authorized the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to borrow.
The question was taken;and the amendment
was agreed to—ayes sixty-eight, noes not counted.
Mr. BLAKE. I offer the following as an ad-
ditional section to the bill:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That from and after
the day and year afote&aid, there shall be levied, collected,
and paid, a tax of ten pei cent, pei 5 ear on tbc amount paid
to each member of Congie^s, and all salanes paid to each
and every person in the service of the United States; and it
isheiebv made the duty of ihe proper accounting officer
of the Trca-ury to deduct the amount of taid tax iroiri the
said balaiies 111 all cases before paying the same.
Our object is to get revenue to carry on this
war. We want something that will be sure and
certain to bring n revenue. Now, sir, there is a
large amount of salaries—I am not able to say
how much—paid out of the Treasury of the Uni-
ted Stages, and it is a vei y proper subject, in my
judgment, at this time, for taxation.
Mr. BXJ11NETT. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to inquire of the Chair whether he regards
that amendment as germane to the bill?
The CI-] AIRMAN. The Chair does not re-
gard it as germane, and rules it out of order.
The bill having now been read through by sec-
tions for amendment, the question recurred on the
following substitute for the entire bill, offered yes-
terday by Mr. Vallandiciiam:
That ft om and after the 30th clay of,September 1S61, the
ac t en titled ■' An aet to piovide (or the pa) merit ol outstand-
ing Troa-Mi. j'note?:, to authoi i/,e a loan, to 1 caul ate and fix
the duties on rmpoito, and for other puipo-ev" appuned
Mateh l, ls3i, except the lir-*t, *eco ,L thud and iotmh
t "ctton-', and the sane- is hereby, lepealed.
^i;c. 0. .2nd be it fiutkcr euaded, That the aet entitled
" An aet reducing the dune- ou impo:t^; aul loi othci put-
po-es." appi oved Match •?, IS >~, be, and then* w her< hv,
revived and declared in full foree and erleet t-oiu and alt. r
the odth day of September, Il'oJ . Provided^ ho'.vccei^ That
upon all uiUcie-s included in .-eheduie I, i-'.ettou ihree, of
s*aid act, commonly called the ir-'e c\cept upon
eoiFee and tea, fire-arm-- and ordnance, and upon nnliiaty
stores unpolled in frood iuuh for any of tne States still loyut
to the Union ; weaimgapparcl in actual u*'e, and otlrei per-
