204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
sonal effects not merchandise, and goods, wares, and mer- j
chandise, the growth, product, or manufacture of the Uni-
ted States, exported to a foreign country and brought back
to the United States in the same condition as when ex-
ported, upon which no drawback or bounty ha3 been
allowed, there shall be levied and collected a duty of ten per
centum ad valorem: Provided further, also, That the duty
on sdlt shall be reduced to the same rate, and no more.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Before the yeas and nays
are taken on thut amendment, I desire to say a
few words in regard to it. This is a very extraor-
dinary time, and we have to resort to extraordi-
nary means to raise revenue.
Ihc CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman offer
an amendment?
Mr. MOORHEAD. No, sir. Is nottheamend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shella-
barger] before the committee?
The CHAIRMAN, The gentleman is under
a misapprehension. TJtial amendment has been
adopted by the committee.
Mr. BURNETT. I offer the following as a sub-
stitute for the substitute of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Vallandjgham:]
That all acts and parts of acts levying duties on importa-
tions for revenue, passed since the act of 1816, ho, and {he
same are hereby, repealed ; and said act of I £*16 is hereby
reenactPd, and declaied to be in full foiee and effect.
The question was taken; and Mr. Burnett's
♦substitute was disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Vallandig-
ham's substitute.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I am opposed to that sub-
stitute, and in favor of the bill as reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means; because it is an
extraordinary time, and we have to resort to ex-
traordinary measures to procure icvenue to carry
on the Government, We must have credit; and
in order to give this Government credit to borrow
the money that is necessary to raise the number
of men required to put down this rebellion, we
must resort to these means. I am opposed to
Some of the items in the original bill; but I think
the present necessities of the case will justifyus
in taking the report of the committee just as it is.
Sir, in looking over the British tariff, I was
struck by the remarkable fact that the veiy sub-
jects of taxation to which our necessities have
driven us are heavily taxed by the British Gov-
ernment. On looking over the revenue returns of
the British Government for 1858—(he last year
that 1 have been able to find—I observe that I he en-
tire amount of revenue collected was 145.
Of that amount, more than five sixths weielevjed
upon four articles, and some of them the very
articles that we are now proposing to tax. For
instance, on sugar, one of the ai tides we propose
to tax, they collected 4-'5,787,120; on ten, another
of the articles we now tax, -£5,186,171; on to-
bacco, et'5,454,21(r, and on spirits, *£4,053,875;
making a total of r£;20,48I,3i)l on these four ar-
ticles, out of the ^3,000,000 that they collect.
Mr. BURNETT. How was it on iron?
Mr. MOUK H EAD. They do not raise any
revenue, 1 believe, on iron. We, J am happy to
inform my friend from Kentucky, who repre-
sents an iron country—and if she had not.so many
slaves she would become a much greater iron
country than she is—have a duty on iron which
will raise a large revenue, and if my friend would
protect the interests of his own State as I think 1
nave feebly attempted to protect the interests of
my State, and join me in this matter, w.c would
have more labor for the laboring men of the coun-
try, and we would develop the resources of the
country more fully than we have ever done. 1
have nothing further to say.
The question was taken on Mr. Vallanbig-
ham's substitute; and it was rejected.
Mr. DIVEN. Is it in order to offer an addi-
tional section to the bill?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. DIVEN. I offer the following as an addi-
tional section:
The duty on bar, rolled, and boiler iron ghall ho made
to conform to a common standard, which thall be tin; low-
est rate now fixed mi hat oi tolled iron.
Mr. Chairman, T understood, as has been stated
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, that it was the policy of that committee
to confine the changes in the tariff to the free list,
and not to disturb the tariff of 181)J. Had the
committee confined themselves to that rule of ac-
tion, I should have done nothing to embarrass
their recommendation: but it will be seen that
they have materially varied the tariff of J861. So
far as relates to the imposition of duties on arti-
cles in the free' list, I have been with the com-
mittee, and am with them now. I am willing to
go home to my constituents after having voted,
for the purpose of carrying on this war, a duty
on tea, a duty on coffee, a duty on liquor, a duty
on anything that is now free.
I know how tender footed men are with refer-
ence to things that come home to the pockets of
their constituents. But I know my constituents,
and I know that you could not collect in my dis-
trict a tea party of old ladies who, if you put to
them the question whether they would submit to
have the price of their tea doubled for the purpose
of carrying on this war, would not say "yes;
.treble it if necessary, and we will confirm it." I
know that you could notgather around the punch
bowl an assembly of jolly men, rich or poor, and
put to them the question whether they would have
the price of their liquor doubled for the sake of
carrying on this war, who would not with one
shout say " yes; double it or treble it." Hence,
sir, I have no feais that I will not be sustained by
my constituents m voting for an increase of duties
on these things that are denominated the neces-
saries of life. But, sir, I desire at the same time,
while we are framing a tariff for revenue, to have
an eye to revenue alone. Some gentlemen here
have been so long accustomed to prepare tariffs
in reference solely to protection, that when they
come to prepare a tariff for icvcnue, they have to
tread mighty cautiously all the while, lest they
infringe on the protective features of the existing
tariff.
Now, in reference to the amendment which I
have offered. By the existing tariffrailroad iron,
of some widths, pays a duty of $15 a ton, and
railroad iron of other widths pays a duty of $f20
per ton. I should like gentlemen to tell me why
this discrimination ? I know that the width which
pays $520 duty is one that is m great demand. It
is required for fastening the joints of the chairs m
railroad cars. And 1 know that it is a great pro-
tection to the manufacturers of this kind of non
to have a high rate of duty fixed upon that extra
width iron. But when we come to a question of
revenue, let me say, that if you will only allow
importationsof iron of that width at the lower rate
of duty, it will, if I mistake not, add to the reve-
nues of the country a sum equal to that which we
will obtain from the tax on coffee.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question wastaken on Mr. Diven's amend-
ment; and it was rejected.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that the committee
rise, and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Campbell re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
•state of the Union had had under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly House bill
No. 54, to provide increased revenue from imports
to pay interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes, and had instiucted him to report the bill
to the House, with sundiy amendments.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I rise to a privileged
question. I desire to present a report from the
committee of conference on the naval appropria-
tion bill.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conl'eience on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the hill (S. No. 1) to authorize the
employment ot volunteer to aid in enfoicmg the law-? and
ptoteeting public propeity, having met, after full and fiee
conterence have agreed,to lecommund, and do recommend,
to their respective Houses, a^ lollows*
That the Hoiw> leoedo fiom its amendments to the bill,
except the eleventh and twelfth section*, and agtee to the
bill of the Senate, with the following amendments thereto,
namely :
Page 1, strike out the preamble, and. in hen thereof, in-
sert. a.-, lotions: '• Where,i-, eeitum or the foi?-., arsenals,
eusi.im-hoiiMjs, navy-j anK and otltei property ot the Uni-
ted Stall's have b.vn seized, and other violations of i.uv
have been comuntied and ate tlueatcned by otganized
bodies of men in mwcm! of the States,and aconsph uc> has
be< n enteied into to overthrow the Government of the Uni
ted State*: TheiWote."
Paste 2, line nine ot section one, aftei the word '•prop-
erty," >tnke out as follow*. "The volunteers mn-reied
into ^ei\ K'C imdei tin* a«n shall -oive foi the tcim <>i thieo
\ oars, unices sonuerdisehaigod by the Pie-ident; but noth-
ing in this section shall atleet enlistment* foi a shorten pe-
ncil of volunteei • ahcady tmuteied into sei vice,'* and in
lieu thereof in^cif, "piovuled 'lint th'  -*01 vice- of the vol-
unteer shall be foi such tune as the President may direct,
not exceeding three yeais nor less than six month-*; and
they shall be disbanded at the end of the wai; and all pio-
visions of law applicable to three-years volunteeis shall
apply to two-year* volunteeis, and to all volunteers who
have been or may be accepted into the service ot the Uni-
ted States forapeiiod not less than six months, in the same
manner as if such volunteers were specially named."
At the end of line twenty in said section one, insert as
follows: " and to the exigencies of the seivice at the time."
Page 4, line eleven of section lour, before the word " offi-
cers," stiike out "subaltern."
Page 6, line seven of section five, after the word " cloth-
ing," insert, "when not furnished in kind."
Page 6, after line sixteen, strike out as follows: "each
cavalry volunteer who shall not keep himself supplied with
a serviceable horse shall serve on foot."
Page 7, line seven of section six, after the word " and,"
insert, "the widow, if there be one, and if not."
Page 7, line eight of section seven, atter the woid "the,"
where it occurs the second lime, strike out "drum-majors
or."
Page 8, line six of section eight, after the word " the,"
stiike out "company," and in lieu theieof insett "legi-
mental."
Page 9, line twenty-five of section ten, after the word
"be," strike out " supplied," and in lieu thereof insert
" filled."
Page 9, after the woid " the," where it occurs the second
time in said line twenty-five, strike out "officers nbove
that lank," and in lieu thereof inseit, " commissioned of-
ficers of the regiment."
Page 9, line twenty-seven, at the end thereof add as fol-
lows : " or by the President of the United States."
That the Senate icccde fiom its disagreement to the
eleventh and twelfth sections ot the amendments of the
House of Representatives, and cgree thcieto.
FRANCIS P. BLAIR,
A. B. OLIN,
HENDKIOK B. WRIGHT,
Managers on fait of the House.
HKNKY WILSON,
JOHN C. TKN J3YCK,
H, M. RICE,
Managers on part of the Senate.
Mr. BLAIR, o'f Missouri. I move the previous
question on agreeing to the report of the commit-
tee of conference.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation,
the report of the committee of conference was
agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the report of the committee of
conference was agreed to; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THE TARIFF—AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. I move the bill which I send
to the Cleik's desk, as a substitute for that which
has just been reported to the House from the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
It is precisely the bill as originally reported from
the Committee of Waysand Means, with the ex-
ception of the few verbal amendments added to it
in Committee of the Wholes The amendment
reducing the duty on coffee from 5 to 3 cents,
and the amendment with reference to liquors, are
left out. I want to try the naked question whether
the Committee of Ways and Means can be sus-
tained by the House, because it depends alto-
gether on that whether we will deem it worth
while to proceed any further in attempting to
raise revenue. I move the previous question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It is hardly ne-
cessary to read that substitute. We all know
what it is. The purpose is to get rid of the
amendments adopted in committee to the original
bill, f call for the yeas and nays upon the adop-
tion of the substitute.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Biils, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a bill making
additional appropriations for the naval service
for the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1862, and
arrearages of appropriations for the fiscal year
ending 30th June, 1861; when the Speaker signed
the same.
TARIFF AGAIN.
Mr. WRIGHT. With the permission of my
colleague, the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, I desiie to ask him, in offering his
substitute, to rcduce the duty on coffee from 5
cents to 3 cents per pound.
Mr. STEVENS. There is no use in making
any changes. If the committee cannot be sus-
tained^!! their action by the House, we may as
well give the matter up.
Mr. ARNOLD. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question for a single moment.
