1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
Mr. STEVENS. I will, if the gentleman will
renew it.
Mr. ARNOLD. I will. ,
Mr. COX. 1 rise to a question of order. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania now, as I under-
stand it, proposes to offer as a substitute, the ori-
ginal bill as it was reported to the House by the
Committee of Ways and Means, free from all
amendments. In other words, he wishes to get
rid of the sense of the House, as expressed in
Committee of the "Whole, as to a portion of the
bill, especially in reference to the amendments
adopted reducing the duty upon coffee and tea.
Now, sir, I claim that the House having had the
substitute under consideration as an original bill,
it is not m order in the shape in which the gen-
tleman proposes it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania being entitled to the
floor, has a right to offer the substitute, and there-
fore overrules the point of order of the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. ARNOLD. I desire, in a single word, to
state to the House the reason why 1 shall vote
for the substitute. On yesterday I offered an
amendment, in committee, reducing the duty on
coffee from 5 to 3 cents. I did it in accordance
with what seemed to me to be in accordance with
what was just; but I am ready to yield my judg-
ment to the supeiior judgment of the Committee
of Ways and Means. They appeal to the House
to sustain them in this bill, on the ground that
the rates of duty proposed are necessary to con-
stitute a war tax. For one, therefore, in the pres-
ent emergency, I am willing to yield my own
convictions as to what would be a sound policy,
and especially what would be for the interests of
my constituents,feehnga consciousness thai what-
ever we shall determine, under all the circum-
stances, is best, in reference to our revenue pol-
icy. Although it may press hard upon some
sections of the country, the loyal people of the
district I represent will make any sacrifice for the
pmpose of carrying on the Government, and
crushing out the treason that is now abroad in the
land.
In regard to my own constituents, I have this
to say: when 1 left the city of my residence, the
wealthiest man in that city said to me, " take half
my fortune if it is necessary to enforce the laws."
That same sentiment pervades all classes in the
section of country in which I live, from the rich
down to the day laborer. They are willing to
give money, life, everything, to sustain this Gov-
ernment, andenforceobedieuce toitslaws. There-
fore it is that I am willing to yield my own amend-
ment, and vote for the substitute proposed by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
I now renew the call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. COX. I call for the yeas and nays upon
the adoption of the substitute.
The SPEAKER. The question will first be
taken upon the adoption of the substitute, unless
some gentleman desires a separate vote upon the
amendments adopted in committee.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I want a separate
vote upon one or two of those amendments.
The SPEAKER. The vote will then be taken
upon the amendments adopted in the Committee
of the Whole on the state ufthe Union,separately.
The amendments adopted in committee were
then severally read and concurred in, except the
one reducing the duty upon coffee; upon which
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas G3, nays 71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldiicli, Allen, Ancona, Ashley, Bab-
bill, Joseph Baih, Iilake, Gootge II. Biuwne, Bntlinton,
Burnett, Calvott, Cobb, Cooper, Corning, Cox, Cravens,
Cnttenden, Curtis, Dunlap, Edgcrton, English, fVhei,
Foulie, Goodwill, Under, Haidins, Ilaaison, Hickman,
n.ihnan, Johnson, Julian, Fmiucih W. Kclloyg, William
Kellogg, Law, Lazeai, Lcary, Lehman, Mailoti, Monzies,
Moms, Noble, NoitoiijNngen,Oriel!,George II. Pendleton,
Porter, llobui-oii, Edwaui II. Rolling James S. Rollins,
Sbcilabaiger. William (J- Steele, Vallandigham, Vandovor,
Van Wyek, Wad-vvoitl), Web=ter, Ail>nt\S. White, Clul-.
ton A. White, Wieklifte, Wmdoni, Wood, Woodruff, and
Wright—G3.
NAYS—Messis. Aib'y. Appleton, Arnold, Baker, Bax-
tei, Bearciiifl, Bingham, Francis P. Elan, Samuel S. Blair,
Campbell, Chambei lam, Ciaik, Coll ax, Fiedmek A. Conk-
ling, Roscoe Conkling/Conway, Covode, Cutler, Davis,
Dawes, Delano, Diven, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Fessenden,
Franehot, Frank, Goocli, Granger, Gurley, Ilaight, Hale,
Hanchctt, Hortun, Hutchins, Kelley, Kiliinger, Lansing,
lioomis, Meivean, MoKn'rght, MePberson, Moorhead, An-
son P. Morrill, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Olin, Pike, Pom-
croy. Alexander H. Rice, John II. Ilice, Riddle, Sedgwick,
Sheffield, Sherman, Spauldmg, Stevens, Stratton, Train,
Trowbridge, Upton, Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Verree,
Vibbard,Wallace,Cliailes W. Walton, E. P.Walton,Wasli-
burne, and Woicestei—71.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
All the other amendments recommended by the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
were concurred in.
The question then recurred on the substitute
for the bill offered by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
Mr. COX. I wish to make an inquiry of the
Chair; and that is whether, if the substitute which
is now offered, and which is substantially the ori-
ginal bill referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, is voted down, the
question will not then recur on the bill as amended
in committee.
The SPEAKER. If the substitute be voted
down, the question will recur upon the bill as
amended by the House.
Mr. COX. I ask for the yeas and nays upon
the adoption of the substitute.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 48, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alloy, Appleton, Arnold, Ashley, Bab-
bitt, Bakci, Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Fianois P. Blair,
Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Campbell, Chamberlain, Clark,
Cobb, Fiodenck A. Conkling, Roseoe Conkling, Coining,
Covode, Cutlei, Davi> , D.iwe^, Delano, Diven, Ducrfl, Ed-
geiton, Eliot, Ely, Fonton, Fo-.enden, Franehot, Fiank,
Gooch, Giangei, Gmley, Ilaight, Hale, Ilorton, JIutcluns,
Julian, Keiley, Fianois W. Kellogg, Kiliinger, Lansing,
Loomis,MeKean, McKmght, McPher^on, Mooihead, An-
son P. Mom!!, Justin S. Momll, Ni\on, Odell, Ulm, Pike,
Pomeioy, Potter, Alexander 11. lliee, John II. Rice, Kiddle,
Sedgwick, Shoflield, Sherman, Spauldmg, Steven1-, Strat-
ton, Tram, Trowbudgo, fJpton, Vandever, Van Horn, Van
Valkenbiugh. Venee, Vibbard, Wall, Wallace, Charles W.
Walton, E. P. Walton, Wa^hburne, Albert S. White, and
Woicestei—82.
NAYS—Me-^rs. Aldiich, Allen, Ancona, Joseph Baily,
Geoigc H. Biovvne, Buftinton, Burnett, Calvcit, Colfax,
Cooper, Cox, Cravens, Dunhtp, English, Fisher, Fouke,
Guder, llamson, Hoimanr^JohiKori, William Kellogg,
Law, Lazear, Lcary, LehiijjK. Mallory, Menzies, Morns,
Noble, Norton, Nugen, GefBg II. Pendleton, Porter, Rob-
inson, Edward il. Boihns, jJrnes S. Rollins, Sbcllabargcr,
William G. Steele, Vallandijliani, Van Wyck.Wadsworth,
Webster, Whaley, Chilton A. White, WicklifFe, Windom,
Wood, and Woodiuff—48.
So the substitute was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. BAILY, of Pennsylvania, announced that
Mr. Wright had left the Hall in consequence of
sickness.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
tead a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accoidingly read the third time.
Mr. JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
jay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Patton,
one of their clerks, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of confid-
ence on the bill to authorize the employment of
volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws, and to
protect public property.
INCREASE OF TIXE NAVY.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report back from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs an act (S. No. 32) to
provide for a temporary increase of the Navy.
Mr. BURNETT. Does the bill make an ap-
propriation'1
Mr. SEDGWICK. It does.
Mr. BURNETT. Yon can repot t that to-mor-
row. I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. SEDGWICK. It Will take but a moment
to pass it. if necessary, I move to suspend the
rules to go into the Committee of the Whole to
take up this bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not in the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
PASSENGERS ON STEAM VESSELS.
Mr. McPHERSON. I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky to withdraw his motion, that I may
introduce a bill for reference.
Mr. BURNETT. I withdraw my motion for
that purpose.
Mr. McPHERSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill supplementary to the act of Au-
gust 13, 1852, to provide for the better security
of the lives of passengers on board of vessels
propelled in whole or in part by steam, arid for
other purposes; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
INCREASE OF TIIE ARMY.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to make a report from
the Committee on Military Affairs.
No objection being made,
Mr. BLAIR said: I desire to report hack from
the Committee on Military Affairs, Senate bill
No. 2, to increase the present military establish-
ment of the United States, with an amendment.
The Senate bill increases the standing Army by
twenty-four thousand men, eleven new regiments.
The committee have instructed me to report, as
an amendment, a bill passed by the House the
other day, converting these regiments from regu-
lars into volunteers. I move to substitute for the*
Senate bill the bill of the House; and upon that I
call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the substitute was adopted.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote last taken; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INCREASE OF TIIE NAVY.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, obtained the
floor.  
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I believe I have
the floor. I wish simply to say that I presume,
if the House understood the motion of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Sedgwick,] there is
not a gentleman present that would object. The
bill he desires to report is merely to authorize an
increase of the Navy for the purpose of suppress-
ing piracy.
Mr. BURNETT. I object; let it come up to-
morrow.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill for reference.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 insist upon my motion to
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
EXTENSION OF BOUNTY LAND SYSTEM.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a joint resolution ex-
tending the benefits of the act of Congress entitled
"An actin addition to certain acts granting bounty
lands to certain officers and soldiers who have
been engaged in the military service of the United
States," passed March 3,1855, to the officers and
soldiers engaged in quelling the present rebellion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accoidingly (at four o'clock and
forty minutes) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 19, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
RILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained,leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 3G)
to provide for the construction of one or more ar-
mored ships and floating batteries, and for other
purposes; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom thr subject was
referred, reported a bill (S. No. 37) to regulate
the police force of the city of Washington; which
was read twice by its title.
