206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 24) authorizing the Secretary of War
to reimburse the New York seventy-first regi-
ment of volunteers for expenses incurred in cm-
ploying% regimental band, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
a letter from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
communicating papers in relation to the claim of
Q.viindaro Nancy Guthrie, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs; which
was agreed to.
PRINTING 01? OBITUARY ADDRESSES.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution submitted
by Mr. McDougali, on the 17th instant, to print
five thousand copies of the proceedings of the Sen-
ate on the occasion of the announcement of the
decease of Hon. Stephen A. Douglas, reported the
following resolution; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That five; thousand copies of tho proceedings
of the two Houses of Congress on tlie occasion of the an-
nouncement of the decease of Hon. Stephen A. Douglas,
late a Senator of ttie United States, be printed and hound
foi the u^e of thf Senate, m the same manner as the edition
ordered by the House of Ilepi urinatives.
EMPLOYMENT OF MESSENGERS.
Mr. DIXON, from the Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate,
to whom was referred a resolution submitted by
Mr. Hale on the 12th instant, to repeal the res-
olution of the Senate of March 16,18G0, reported
the following resolution; which was considered
by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Feigoant-at-Arms of the Senate he,
and lie lioioby is, authorized to fill any vacancy in the olKee
of imvaonger of*tho Senate, now exi^tm^ or hereafter
occurring by xomoval, re>ignatJ.on, or otheivvibo.
PAY OF SENATOR DOTJGLAS.
Mr. CLARK. The Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate,
to whom was referred a joint resolution (S. No.
5) to pay to the widow of tho late Stephen A.
Douglas the amount duo him as a Senator at the
time of his death, have instructed mo to report it
hack with an amendment. I ask its consideration
ut the present time.
The joint resolution was considered as in Com-
mit to-: of the Whole.
The amendment was, to strike out " $1
and inseit " $750."
Mr. ANTHONY. What is the cause of the
reduction? I hope it will be explained.
Mr. CLARK. I will state, that by the reso-
lution of March 3, 1859, provision was made that
upon the death of a Senator, his widow or hens
should have his proper compensation, without
mileage, up to the time of Ins death, hut not less
than three months' pay. The resolution, as pre-
sented to the Senate and inferred to the commit-
tee, provided for the payment of mileage, as well
as salary. The committee have stuck;-}] out the
mileage, to conform to the practice of the Senate
heretofore.
The amendment was agreed to.
Th" joint it-solution was luporteil to the Senate,
and the amendment was concurred in. The joint
resolution was read the third time, and passed.
GA3UUSON 01' i'OIlT SU^ITEJt.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Atthns and the Militia have directed me to report
hark the bill (U. U. No. 2li) for tho relief of e.ei tain
musicians and soldiers stationed at Fort Sumter,
in South Carolina, with a recommendation that it
do pass. I ask for its consideration at this time
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
for the payment of £1,150, to remunerate so'dieis
and members of the band stationed at Fort Sum-
ter, in South Carolina, for losses of private prop-
erty incurred in the removal Aom Fort Moultrie
lo Fort Sumter on tin- e\ernug of the ;26th of De-
cember, 186D. The sum is to be distributed as
follows: to the band, $400; to company E, first
ai nilory, £>500; to company H, fn startillery, ',V250;
and to be divided according to the awyrti of the
commanding officers of the several commands.
The hill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
SOLDIERS LETTERS.
Mr. WILSON. Thesamecommittee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 56) in relation
to forwarding soldiers' letters, have instructed me
to report it back, with a recommendation that it
do pass; and I ask for its consideration at this
time.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered by the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that all prepaid letters to soldiers in
any regiment in the service of the United States,
and directed to them at a point where they have
been stationed, maybe forwarded,whenever prac-
ticable, to any other point to which they may have
been ordered, without further charge thereon.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
-a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PAY OF TIIREE--MONTHS VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. WILSON. The same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (PI. R. No. 57) for the relief
of the Ohio and other volunteers, have directed
me to report it back, with a recommendation that
it do pass. I ask for its consideration at this
time.
There being no objection, the bill (II. R. No.
57) for the relief of the Ohio and other volunteers
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Tho bill is as follows:
Whereas the War Department lia«? decided that the term
of service of the ninety-days volunteer-, called out under
the act of L7i)o, commenced only on the day when they
were actually sworn into the hmvicc of the United Stales;
<ind whereas tho tioojH now m the seivieo of the United
Stales jrom the State of Ohio weio not sworn into said ser-
vice until twelve days aftei their cisreniblnijj at tho place
of jende/.vou5* in said Stale appointed hy the geneial outer
of said Department, and that tor such pciiod, under existing
laws, no payment-can be made*. Theieloic,
Jic it cnactcd hy the Senate and IIow-c of Representatives
of the United StatesoJ\'Imerica in Conges* na,cintjled. That
the proper dislmiMMii olhecr compute and piy to the said
volunteeis conipeir-ation fioni the day oi their a^einbhnt,'
at the place oi lende/voiH in the Slate of Ohio, as aloro-
said, until tho evpnatinn of their t'niu oNot vice.
.Skc. 'J. shut he it J uither emu ted. That wlieie the militia
of other Slates aie situated Miml.u!y with those of Ohio,
the War DepaitmeM p ly them aceoiding to the piovisions
of the foregoing section.
Mr. LANK, of Kansas. I desire to state, that
1 had prepared an amendment to this bill, pro-
viding for including the ? Frontier Guards " and
" Clay Guards," who served in this city; but as
it may cinbana.sw the passage of the bill, 1 will
not oiler it.
Mr.'IIA RR1S. I desire to inquire of the chair-
man nfihcConimittee on Military Afiairs whether
the bill is confined to the volunteers from the State
of Ohio, or whether it emhiaee.s other States?
Thoie are a large number of regiments from my
State in the same situation.
Mr. WADIS, It provides for all others sim-
ilarly situated.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a thud reading, lead the third time, and passed.
Mr. WA l)k subsequently so id: 1 desire to en-
ter a motion to reconsider the bill (II. It. No.57)
for tin1 relief of the Ohio and other volunteers,
which pasted this morning, and I ask that the
motion to reconsider be acted on now. There is
some mistake in the bill, and it will be necesary
to add an amendment to it m oider to eifect its
purpose.
It being ascertained that the hill was not in the
possession of the Senate, the Sccietary was di-
rected to request the return of the bill from the
House of Representatives, to which it had been
transmitted. The bill was afterwards received
from the House of Representatives, and the mo-
tion to reconsider was entered.
REINFORCEMENT OF TORT I'lCIvENS.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following resolu-
tion; winch was consideied by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved. Thar fhe I're-'deat of the United States he ic-
que-ied toconunanicate to!lie Senate (if not incompatible
with the public inn io. I) the euaiaciet ot tin: ainns-
t:ce to wluH' Jut lefet- in hid i k s-n<;< of the 4lh instant,
by tendon ot ulneli the commander of tile ftigafe Sabine
leiused to tranter the United States tioop$ into Fort Pick-
ens, in obedience in in-, ouieis ; by u liom and when such
aunntice win ente-ed ieto; and'if any, what aetion ha3
been taken, m view ot the disobedience ol the oidei of the
President as afoie-aid.
BONDS OF AMY PAYMASTERS.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sentobtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 7) in relation to the bonds of paymasters
in the Army; which was read a first and second
time by its title.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have the joint
resolution read in full for the information of tho
Senate, and, if possible, passed this morning.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
provides that paymasters of the Army who have
given bonds prior to their confirmation as such
by the Senate, shall not be required to give new
bonds, unless so directed by the President of the
United States; and that the existing bonds of such
paymasters shall be deemed valid and binding.
Mr. .WILSON. I should like to have the reso-
lution considered at this .time, and I will state
briefly the reasons why legislation is invoked.
The resolution has been introduced at the earnest
request of the Paymaster General. He says that
he has about seventy thousand men to muster put
of the service within the next ten or twelve days
—the ninety-days men. Not by law, but by a
court decision, when paymasters give bond, and
they are afterwards confirmed, it is necessary to
renew the bonds. The Paymaster General de-
sires, if the thing can be done—and I am not a
lawyer, and notable to say whether it can or not; I
leave that matter toothers—that we shall promptly
legalize the bonds of the paymasters now in tho
service. If it be not done, it will throw every-
thing into the greatest possible confusion; the
times of regiments will expire, and he will not be
able to pay them, and there will be a clamor of
discontent and fault-finding throughout the coun-
try. It is important, if it can be done, that the
bonds given—-and given in good faith as they have
been—by the paymasters that have recently been
appointed, shall stand. I think it is safe enough
to do it on the part of the Government. There is
no law to the contrary; there is only a decision
of the courts that new bonds shall be required
when a paymaster who has been performingduty,
and who has given bonds, shall be confirmed by
the Senate. I therefore, at the request of the Pay-
master General, have introduced this resolution,
for he is very anxious that action be had upon it
at once.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the joint lesolu-
tion now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to its
being considered at this time; but I wish that tho
attention of the lawyers—we are nearly all law-
yers in the Senate—may be called to it. It is my
decided impression that if we pass it, it will not
better the case at all in any particular. We can-
not declare a contract that we have entered into
with another man valid, if it is invalid how, with-
out his consent. The idea of one party (because
the Government is one pm ty to these bonds) say-
ing that they shall be valid, is rather an absuid
one in law. My friend ;s no lawyer—does not
pretend to be; he says that there is no statute
against it, only a decision of the court. The de-
cision of the court is on an existing state of facts.
We cannot by law change that state of facts at
all, and make valid what would otherwise be in-
valid. Therefore, if the resolution passes, it will be
good for nothing, and will only in fact authorize
the Paymaster General to put the money into the
hands of these men, and excuse him from any
soit of liability for it. That is my opinion. I
should like to hear the opinion of other lawyers
on the subject. That would be my most decided
opinion.
Mr. WILSON. The resolution comes from
no committee; I have introduced it at the personal
solicitation of the Paymaster General, who came
to see me last evening; and I rise now for the
purpose of moving that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and I hope that commit-
tee will at once attend to the matter, for if this
can be remedied by legislation, it is important-
that it should be done immediately.
The motion was agreed to.
MILITARY HOSPITALS.
Mr. 1UCE. I have a resolution which I ask
to have considered now, and I will state the reason
of it. I had great difficulty in ascertaining whether
there were any sick from the Minnesota regiment
within the city, and after I learned that there were,
I had the greatest difficulty in iinding them. 1
think this resolution will be of service to the sol-
diers who are sick, and to their friends:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War bo requested to
