210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
STEVENS S FLOATING BATTERY.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a joint resolution au-
thorizing tl^e appointment of examiners to examine
a steam floating battery at Hoboken, New Jer-
sey; which was read a first and second time by
its title.
The joint resolution, which was then read
through, authorizes the Secretary of the Navy to
appoint a board of examiners to examine the iron
steam battery now building at Hoboken, New
Jersey, and-ascertain what will be the cost of com-
pleting the same, how soon it can be completed,
and the expediency thereof, and report thereon to
Congress at its next session.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
naval academy.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the same committee,
also reported ajoint resolution appointing a com-
mission to select a site for the Naval Academy,
and for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time by its title.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to that.
I raise the question of order that this is private
bill day, and it requires a suspension of the rules
to proceed with public business.
The SPEAKER. The committees have been
called through for private business, and now the
regular order of business is the call of committees
for business of a general character. This joint
resolution is reported under that call. The Chair
overrules the point of order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I understand that
the resolution contemplates the removal of the
Naval Academy from Annapolis to some other
point.
Mr. SEDGWICK. It does not necessarily do
that.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to under-
stand whether it is the purpose of the gentleman
from New York to put the joint resolution upon
its passage ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. I propose to put it upon
its passage; and I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The joint resolution was read. It provides that
the Secretary of the Navy, or some officer in his
Department selected by him, the superintendent
of the Naval Academy, the chairmen of the Com-
mittees on Naval Affairs of the Senate and House
of Representatives, and three persons to be se-
lected by the President of the United States, be
authorized to examine and report a proper and
suitable site for the location of the Naval Academy,
and alsoa plan for thereorganizationof said Acad-
emy y and report the same for the approval of Con-
gress.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I make the point
of order that the joint resolution is excluded by
the resolution of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holman,] which is an order of the House.
We have already expended $700,000 on the prop-
erty at Annapo!is;and I desire to debate the ques-
tion when it comes up.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that,
under the standing order of the House offered by
the gentleman from Indiana, whatever pertains to
the naval or army operations is in order; and the
Naval Academy is a part of the naval service.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. This resolution
contemplates the removal of the Naval Academy
from one point to another, which, I submit, has
nothing to do with the prosecution of the war. I
call for the reading of the latter part of the stand-
ing order.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" That the House, during the present extraordinary ses-
sion, will only considei bills and ic-olutions concerning the
military and naval operation*? of the Government, and the j
financial affairs therewith connected, and gencial questions i
of a judical character." |
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The point I make |
is, that the resolution is not connected with the I
naval or military operations of the Government
in connection with this war.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I desire to suggest that
the operations of the war have driven the school
from Maryland, and it is, therefore, directly
within the terms of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I hope the gen-
tleman from New York will not insist upon cut-
ting off all debate upon a question of this charac-
ter.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York insist on the demand for the previous
question ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. I do.
The House divided upon seconding the demand
for the previous question; and there were—ayes
52, noes 41.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. There is no quo-
rum voting.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman raise
that point of order?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do, unless debate
is allowed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair dccides that the
question is decided in the affirmative. The gen-
tleman from Ohio raises thp point of order that
fifty-two is not a majority of the quorum neces-
sary to do business. The Chair understands that
to be the point.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. The Chair calls the atten-
tion of the House to the question, what consti-
tutes a quorum. The Chair will have read the
provision of the Constitution on the subject. It
is in article one, section five:
The Clerk read, as follows:
Each House shall be the judge of the election returns and
qualifications of its own members, and a majority of each
shall constitute a quorum to do business.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now read
article one section two of the Constitution.
The Clerk read, as follows:
The House of Representatives shall bo composed of mem-
bers ehoscn every second year by the people of the several
States.
The SPEAKER. There were chosen to this
Congress one hundred and eighty-three members.
The Chair decides under that clause of the Con-
stitution, that ninety-two would be a majority of
all the members chosen, and the majority of a
auorum would be forty-seven. Tho Chair so
decides.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I concur in that
decision. Then the Chair decides that the pre-
vious question is seconded.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so decides.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I think the House
consists only of the members sworn in.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has held in this
case that those chosen constitute the House, as
they have been returned to the Clerk.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The Chair has no
knowledge ofany member unless he appears here.
That question may become material by and by
and I save the point.
The SPEAKER. So far as that point is con-
cerned, the Chair withholds its decision as to
whether the House consists of those sworn in,
or of those known to have been elected; but the
Chair is clear in his own mind that a majority of
those chosen constitutes a quorum.
Mr. WEBSTER. I ask that the joint resolu-
tion be again read.
The joint resolution was read.
Mr. WEBSTER. I appeal to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Sedgwick] not to press the
joint resolution at present.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
no debate is in order, and that it is not in the
power of the gentleman fiom New York to with-
draw the resolution, the main question having
been ordered.
Mr. WEBSTER. If there be no objection, I
should like to make one or two remarks about
the joint resolution.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I object.
Air. WEBSTER. Maryland has just decided
by a majority of twenty thousand that she stands
fast t?>' the Union; and her Representatives here
are supporting the Government. I trust, there-
fore, that no blow of this sort will be made at her
at this time.
Mr, HOLMAN. I move that the joint resolu-
tion be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
SLOOP-OF-WAR, LEVANT.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to have Senate bill No. 21, for the
relief of the widows and orphans of the officers,
seamen, and marines, of the United States sloop-
of-war Levant, and for other purposes, taken from
the Speaker's table, and put upon its passage. I
will say, that it is a bill similar to one which has /
already passed the House. The Senate acted at !
the same time on their own bill, and I now ask
the House to take up and pass the Senate bill.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, received its several read-
ings, and was passed.
Mr.SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the president.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Hay, one of his Private
Secretaries, informing the House that he had
approved and signed an act making additional
appropriations for the naval service for the fiscal
year ending 30th June, 1862, and arrearages of
appropriations for the fiscal year ending 30th June,
1861.
MARINE CORPS.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask that Senate bill No.
14, for the better organization of the Marino Corps,
be taken from the Speaker's table, and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
mail-clad steamers.
Mr. WASHBUUNE. I have here a letter from
a distinguished citizen of Massachusetts in ref-
erence to mail-clad steamers—a subject which he
has thoroughly examined; and 1 desire that by
the cogent of the House, the letter be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
There being no objection, the letter, which is
as follows, was so referred:
Boston, Massachusetts, July 16,1861.
Dear Sir: Allow me toexpiess a strong hope that Con-
gtess will not adjourn without making some provision for
mail-clad steamers, either by a direct appropriation or by
giving a discretionary power to the President or Secretary
of the Navy. I havu studied this subject elaborately, and
have obtained valuable information thiough Donald McKay,
the eminent builder of clipper ships, who receatly inspected
the mail-clad ships of France and England, and am con-
vinced that an absolute necessity exists for the acquisition
ot some of these ships by our Government, and that neglect
of this oppoitumty will expose us to seuous losses, oblo-
quy, and disgrace.
Tho evidence, down to the Iastdiscussion, June 13,1861,
in the .British Parliament, is conclusive that ships with
plates of tour and a half inches arc impervious' to all round-
shot and shells from common cannon, and even from rifled
cannon, at the distance of a quarter of a mile only; and
the best Armstrong and Wlntworth cannon (100-pounders)
seem to have failed in their efforts to penetrate these plates,
although they have, stated June 11, in the House of Loids,
broken heavy lion bars dovetailed together.
The English Government have ordered no ships-of-war
of wood larger than gun-boats, sloops, and light dispatch
frigates, for two or three years past, and now think of cut-
ting down and plating their three-deckers; and England
and France will^by the close of this year, have twenty to
thirty iron-clad steam ship?, each of which could pass into
Boston or New York with impunity, and possibly destroy
cither city. *
Unless we have means to meet them, France and Eng-
land may be able to dictate teirns as to tho southern block-
ade. With such steamers we can, with little or no loss, re-
eoverChaileston, Savannah, Pensacola, Galveston, Mobile,
and New Orleans.
Allow me to lofer you to an elaboAte article on this sub-
ject, forthcoming tins week in the Atlantic, for August, f
ain so deeply impressed with this, subject that I have writ-
ten my friend, Commander Paulding, the Seeretaiy of the
Navy, and several members of Congiess, and trust you will
grasp a weapon so essential to our country at this moment.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, vours,
E. If. DERBY.
Hon. E. B. Washburne,
House of Representatives of the United States.
mr. Crittenden's resolution.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the consent of the
House that the resolution offered this morning by
my colleague [Mr. Crittenden] be ordered to be
printed.
It was so ordered.
adjournment over.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means have no business further
this week, and we are far in advance of the Sen-
