212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
nent works, which the second are not during: the
present war. The duties of the two classes, there-
fore, for the present, are not precisely the same.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It will be necessary
to erect fortifications during this war. I do not
see, therefore, anything in the latter suggestion f)f
the gentleman in reference to this amendment.
The corps which has permanent works specially
in charge has as much need ofalieutenant colonel
as the corps which has the matter of making rec-
onnoissances as its special charge.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Theamendmentsamended, was then adopted.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move to strike
out, on page 6, in line nineteen, these words:
" And -that there shall be added to the corps of topograph-
ical engineers, by regular promotion of its otfieera, one lieu-
tenant colonel and two majors."
The necessity for this provision is obviated by
the amendment which has been adopted, uniting
the two corps of engineers.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following section:
Sec. 11. Jhid be it farther enacted, That any existing
vacancies at the United States Military Academy from con-
gressional dMricts, lor winch no nominations arc made by
Representatives in Congruss, shall be apportioned among
Representatives from the loyal sdavehold ins States ; and that
there shall be added to the number of cadets, as now au-
thorized to be appointed fiom congressional districts, one
from each district, to hp nominated by the Repi(tentative
from the district and from u at large," two cadets fiom each
State, to be appointed by nominations of Senatois: Pro-
vided, Thateach of the additional cadets «hall be an actual
resident ot the State from which nominated, and shall have
the saine qualifications foi admission to the United State*
Military Academy <is are now required for those appointed
from congressional diMnet^and Uom "i at large."
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Iam instructed by
the. Committer; on Military Affairs to move the
following amendment:
Add:
Provided, further. That all cadets now in the seivice, or
hereaftei filtering the Mihtaty Academy at West I'oint,
shall be called on to takr und subscribe to the following
oath: " J, A B, do solemnly swear that! will Mippoit the
Constitution of the United States, and bear true allegiance
to the national Government; that 1 will maintain and do
fend the sovereignty of the United States pai amount to any
and all allegiance, sovereignty, or fealty 1 may owe to any
State, county, or eoutitry whatsoever; and that I Will at
ail times obey the legal ordeis of my supeuor oilioeis, and
the rules and aiticles governing the armies of the United
States." And any cadet or candidal*' ioi admission, who
shall refuse to take this oath, shall be disunited from the
service.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey. I move to
amend the section by striking out the word
" slaveholding," so thai it will read, "shall be
apportioned among the Representatives of the
loyal States,* &c.
Mr. ALLEN. I move to amend by striking
out not only the wuids " slaveholding Status,"
but all that precedes it.
Mr. Chairman, it has been, as I think, truth-
fully stated on this floor, that there are, in neai ly
all the rebellious States, men who are devoted to
the Union—men who are opposed to the entue
disunion programme; but who are for the pres-
ent intimidated and overpowered by the domi-
nant party in those States. These persons, on the
first opportunity, will be found ready ami willing
to aid in vindicating the supremacy of the Con-
stitution and the laws. At present they can do
nothing but abide the issue of events. But it
seems to me it would be'unjust, while these men
are thus overpowered, while their hands are, as
it were, tied, to take from them that patronage
to which they will be justly entitled if peace be
restored. If this provision becomes a law, this
much of the patronage to which they are entitled
is taken from them and transferred to other hands
for a period of five years at least. The people
and their Representatives in the loyal slavehold-
ing States certainly demand no premium for their
loyalty. Their loyalty is certainly of a more
permanent character than to require any otherm-
aucement than that which addresses itself to their
love of their country and its long-cherished insti-
tutions. While by transferring from the disloyal
to the loyal States Government patronage, some
slight reward is tendered the loyal Slates for their
loyalty; yet in the same degree the inducements :
for n return of the revolting States are diminished,
and the efforts of Union men in these States pai-
alyzed. I hope this provision will not be adopted.
Mr. ROSCGE CONJKLING. I am opposed to
the amendment to the amendment, and in favor of
theamendmentofthegentlemanfromNew Jersey,
[Mr. Steele,] as I am also in favor of the residue of
the section as it will then stand. I think there ought
to be not only a filling of the vacancies which have
occurred at theMilitary Academy, but there ought
to be an increase of the force. In 1812 this Mili-
tary Academy was reorganized quite thoroughly
and the number of cadets fixed, and that number
has remained since unchanged, substantially. It
was fixed at two hundred and fifty, or thereabouts,
although the possible maximum was two hundred
and seventy-three. Between that time and now
our population has quadrupled, or more than that,
and our territorial extent has doubled; but the
capacity of this Military Academy has stood tin-
enlarged. Therefore I am for tins section, as it
will stand as amended by the gentleman from New
Jersey. I am opposed to the amendment to the
amendment for this reason: the design of this bill,
as I understand it, is to enable the places which
have been vacated to be supplied from the districts
remaining loyal to this Government.
With the word " slaveholding," standing be-
fore " States," I will give to the committee the
effect in figures. There arc, as I understand, of
rebel districts unrepresented, sixty—I believe
about that; my friend says sixty-six. There are
of slaveholding districts represented, twenty-nine
exactly. The subsequent portion of this section
adds to the whole number of cadets one from
each congressional district; so that the result will
be to give to every loyal district m a slaveholding
State four cadets and a fraction of one, and that
for five entire years, commencing with the oper-
ation of this bill; for the cadet always enters
the fifth class, and, under the statute as it now
is, remains in the Academy for five years. So,
then, while my district will have two cadets in
the Military Academy, the district of my friend
across the nver [Mr. Upton]—and 1 do not see
him in his seat—will have four certainly, and
perhaps five. 1 have no doubt the design of this
was to divest this bill of everything sectional, and
certainly it should be divested of everything sec-
tional; and therefore I agree with the gentleman
from New Jersey in thinking that the word "slave-
holdingshould be expunged,to the end thutevery
loyal district, whatever that distiiet may be, shall
stand upon precise equality with every other dis-
trict, not only as to the number of cadets to which
if is entitled, but as to the chances of the fractional
number which still remains.
Mr. Ali.en's amendment to the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. CALVERT, I move to amend so that
these cadets shall be taken from the loyal men
remaining in the rebellious States. All i want,
sir, is that the same representation shall be had
in the Militaiy Academy that at present exists.
I think that the object of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affaiis had that purpose in view when it
reported this bill. It intended, I am sure, that the
South, of which Maryland is apart, should have
the same representation at West Point which it
has now. The section was drawn up in its pres-
ent phraseology, that the southern States now
loyal to the Union should have the appointments
of the cadets in order that there might still con-
tinue to be the equality of past years. It must
be apparent to every gentleman that this is noth-
ing more than just. Now, when wc seek to make
the rebellious States loyal, is not the time to cut
them off from their portion of the patronage of the
Government. There are, sir, many loyal men in
theStatcs, whohave been driven from their homes
and who ought to have these appointments. The
appointments may be made, and always have
been made, by the President or some one else,
from the loyal Slates and loyal men m the rebel-
lious States. I have no doubt that that was the
intention of the committee; and wo of the southern
States remaining loyal, do not ask that you shall
give us that number, but we do ask and hope that
vou will crant us equality in the Union.
* Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I am opposed
to the amendment to the amendment, offeied by
the gentleman from Maryland, and upon this
ground: every congressional distuct, as every
other political community, is known to our or-
ganism only in u certain way. It appears by its
majority, manifesting itself m that mode recog-
nized by the Constitution of the United States.
Now, sir, if a political community, either because
the Joyal men in it are outnumbered* or because,
constituting a majority, they suffer themselves to
be outnumbered or circumvented, is unrepresented
for the time being, with regard to a particular
right or prerogative, it would not do to say that
the machinery of the Government, or any arm
of the service, whatever it may be, affected by it,
shall stop or remain impaired until that commu-
nity shall again enjoy a restoration of order in
its political affairs. Every congressional district
had the right, as it was the duty of every district,
to be represented here. One franchise of each
district, and of its representation, was the nom-
ination of a cadet to this military school. Some
districts, for some reason, have failed to appear
here; they are m default. They choose not to
come and assert, in the only way allowed them,
their political existence, equality, and right of
representation. Their cadets, following the ex-
ample set them by their superiors and seniors,
have resigned, and are in contempt in regard to
the Government, if not traitors against it.
Now, sir, I think it will hardly do to attempt
to adopt that process, unknown to our system,
that would be necessary to ascertain, and would
succeed in ascertaining, who is and who is not
loyal in these silent, unrepresented, rebel districts.
I think it follows, as a matter of necessity, as a
matter of course, resulting from our form of gov-
ernment, that those who are here constituting
this Congress, this quorum, take up this busi-
ness of Government, laid down in part by dis-
loyal absentees, and carry it on; and those who
step off the train of order and advancement can-
not expect it to wait for them. It will move on,
without regard to whether one district more or
one less is engaged in this insurrection and rebel-
lion.
Mr. Calvert's amendment was rejected.
Air. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out from the word
State," in the fifth line, all down to and includ-
ing thc^word " district," in the ninth line, as fol-
lows:
And that there shall be added to the number of cadets,
as now autlioiized to be appointed from concessional dis-
tucts, one liom each di -triet, to be nominated by the, Rep-
icscntativc fiom the district "
I am lather inclined to be opposed to the whole
of this section. I believe it goes upon the idea
that this Union is not to be preserved. Now, I
have full faith that all the States which are now
in a state of rebellion will soon be back, and again
become loyal and true. I am not, therefore, in
favor of taking away any of the appointments
which belong to them, by grabbing at them at
this moment for our own interest, and with inde-
cent haste.
1 am, Mr. Chairman, also opposed to inceasing
the number of the cadets in the Military Acad-
emy. I believe the complaint has been for years
that we have manufactured more officers than we
have use for. And I believe it to be the experi-
ence of every gentleman upon this floor that he
wants no more patronage, no more appointments
of this sort. If there are vacancies there, I am will-
ing that they shall be filled; and, so far as this
section provides that the vacancies shall be filled,
I am in favoi of it, leaving that to the discretion of
the President of the United States and the Sen-
ators ; and I hq^ve no doubt that they will be
filled by loyal men. But I hope that this portion
of the section, doubling the number that may be
schooled there, may be stricken out. Why, sir,
we have not accommodations for that increased
number. The school was made to accommodate
only about two hundred and fifty; but this bill
will increase the number to five hundred. If,
then, we increase the number to that extent, it
becomes a question whether we shall enlarge that
school, or establish another; and, at all events,
makes a heavy charge upon the Treasury. I am
utterly opposed to increasing the number of offi-
cers to be manufactured, or to enlarging our ex-
penses unnecessarily at this time. If we needed
them for the present emergency, they cannot be
had; for, obviously, we cannot get them under
five years. There is no reason, then, why we
should act upon this matter as any remedy for
the piesent emergency—the want of educated
officers.
Mr. WRIGHT. If the gentleman from Ver-
mont waits for these vacancies to be filled from
the seceding States, he may have to wait. a. long
