1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
time. Now, us these vacancies have been made
by voluntary default, I see 110 reason why the
vacancies ought not to be supplied. It is not to
me so much a matter where the candidates shall
come from, as it is that the vacancies shall be
filled.
There is one feature of this bill that most cer-
tainly should be amended, because, as it stands
now, a Representative from a loyal southern State
is authorized to fill a vacancy that may occur in
my district, or any other district. If gentlemen
will turn their attention to the bill, they will see
that what are called the border States, the loyal
slaveholding States, are permitted to fill any va-
cancies. There must be incorporated into the
bill an amendment which shall confine the vacan-
cies to the slaveholding States; and whenever I
shall have the opportunity, I will offer such an
amendment. But my present object was simply
to oppose the amendment to the amendment,
offered by the gentleman from Vermont. If the
gentleman from Vermont, or any otherauthoiity,
can give me a guarantee that these vacancies will
be filled in a reasonable time, from those States
which have seceded, I would have no objection;
but that gentleman has no power to give such a
guarantee, and therefore we incur a risk in leav-
ing the Academy with not more than one half or
two thirds the usual number of cadets, in antici-
pation of a state of things which may never arise.
Hence these vacancies, m my opinion, ought to
be filled.
Mr. Morrill's amendment was not agiecd to.
Mr. NOBLE. I think I have an amendment
which will satisfy my friend from Pennsylvania.
1 move to amend by striking out fiom lines four
and five the words "shall be apportioned among
the Representatives from the loyal slaveholding
States," and inserting in lieu thereof "shall re-
main vacant until such districts shall manifest
loyalty to the Government of the United States,
and the Representatives thereof in Congress shall
make nominations of cadets to said Military Acad-
emy."
Mr. Chairman, I am -not one of those who be-
lieve that the southern States that have seceded
will remain out of the Union; and if I did believe
it, I would be unprepared to vote for the proposi-
tion of this bill, by which it is sought to give to
the slaveholding States a larger number of cadets
than is given to the loyal northern States. Recog-
nizing the proposition that the seceding States
will some time letarn to their loyalty, which I be-
lieve will be the case, I propose tins amendment
in order that they shall stand on exact terms of
equality with the balance of the loyal States of
the Union. Any other proposition would be un-
equal in its terms, and ought not to be adopted.
I offer this amendment, then, for the purpose of
placing all the seceding States who may return to
their loyalty, upon exact equality with those who
remain loyal to the Union.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed
to the proposition made by the gentleman fiom
Ohio. 1 am in favor, when the rebellious States
shall have undertaken the performance of their
loyal duties, of giving them the full and free en-
joyment of all the benefits of the Constitution and
laws of the country; but I am not in favor, while
they are warring upon that Constitution and those
laws, and the loyal men that are in arms for their
support, of keeping any blessings in waiting for
them. It is not our fault that tl# rebellious States
have not cadets at West Point; that there are va-
cancies tlu'ie; but it is our policy to see that the
school is full, and that the money we arc paying
for its suppoi t shall be well expended. Nor am
I in favor of giving to the loyal slaveholding
States permission to fill these vacancies. The
loyal slaveholding States have not won that priv-
ilege. They did not hasten to put troops in the
field to sustain the Government. It was in the
streets of a city in what is called a loyal slave-
holding State, that the blood of our loyal soldiers
was siied when hastening to the defense of this
capital. I am for filling these vacancies, but for
filling them with men who will not resign their
commissions in the face of the enemy, or turn
their hands against the parent that has maintained
and educated them. I iherefote propose an amend-
ment to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman that no further amendment is
now in order.
Mr. KELLEY. Then I willcontentmyself with
expressing my hostility to the pending amend-
ment, and will offer mine at another time.
Mr. Noble's amendment was rejected.
Mr. WiCKLiFFE. Mr. Chairman, I have
listened to the discussion as to how these cadets
should be appointed, and I have prepared an
amendment, which I desire to have read.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Strike out the scction, and inseit the following:
That aftei cach di&tnet repiescnted in this House shall
have the number of cadet5? allotted by Jaw, the President
shall have power to fill up the vacancies winch may exist.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. Mr. Chairman, 1 am in
favor of filling up this Academy; and as we can-
not agree how it shall be done by members of
Congress, and as I do not claim, but rather repu-
diate, the idea of having assigned to me or to my
State more cadets than she is-entitled to, I want
to leave the vacancies to be filled up by the Exec-
utive, and he may take them from any part of the
United States where he can find loyal boys who
have loyal fathers.
Mr. KLAIR, of Missouri. I think the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky
is unnecessary and unwise. If you leave these
vacancies to be filled by the President, ho will
probably act upon the recommendation of the
Representatives, and we may as well leave it to
be.done directly by the Representatives. I shall
be content with the amendment of the gentleman
from New Jersey, [Mr. Steele,] striking out the
word " slaveho]ding,"and leaving this patronage
to be disposed of by the Representatives of the
loyal States.
Mr. WicKLirFE's amendment was rejected.
Mr. VALLANDICfHAM. It seems to me
that all difficulty can be removed and diff< i"nces
of opinion reconciled, by striking out, as 1 now
move to strike out, ail after the word " that," in
the first line, down to the end of the fifth line, as
follows:
" Any exi*tin« vacancies at the United States Miittaiy
Academy honi cmigie-Monal district*} for which no nom-
inaiions'ate made by Kepiesentatives in Coiiare^S shall
he appoitioned anioiig the Ucpiesoiitatives from the loyal
sJaveholdui? State?-, and that'"—
And insert, after the word " cadets," in the
sixth line, the words 46 at the United States Mili-
tary Academy;" so that the section will read:
Sec. 11. Jlnd be it furlhci cnuftaU That there shall be
added to the number ol cadets at the United States AIili-
taiy Academy, as now authoiized to be appointed fiom con-
gro^-ional dis-tnet^, one from eacii district, to he nominated
by the Kepi e.-enUitive. from th<-ili*tiict,and fiom " at large"'
two cadeN liom each riiate, to be appointed by nomina-
tions ot Sonatois: Provided, That each oi the additional
cadet* -hull be an actual resident ot the State liom winch
nominated, and f-hall bavo the same qualifications for ad
mi-sion to lh" United States Mthtai v Academy a& me now
lequned Iroin tho-.e appointed liom congressional distuets
and liom " at huge. "
That will leave everything just as it is. If the
States which have sceeded aic restored to the
Union, tins provision of the bill would operate
with great inequality for five years at least. If they
are not restored to the Union, wo shall have to
make entirely new arrangements. Under my
arm ndment,one cadelwould beappointed by each
Representative and two for the State at large by
the Senators of each State, and none would be
appointed except from districts actually repre-
sented upon this floor. I make the motion, then,
| for the consideration of the committee, and not as
a mere matter of form; and J b<>g of gentlemen,
before the question is put, to consider whether it
will not, as I have said, absolutely reconcile the
differences of opinion among us.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
because it has just been reported that the capacity
of the school as it exists is sufficient to accom-
modate and educate double the number of pupils
| now there. I think, therefore, that these vacan-
i cies should be filled, and that there should be an
j additional appointment ftom each congressional
| district. I will welcome to the school loyal men
i from every one of the thirty-four States. I shall
, propose to the House, if it be in order, that the
| vacancies shall be filled by appointments from
' the districts in which vacancies will next occur,
! and that the order for appointments shall proceed
\ therefrom, as heretofore, so that the school shall
11 be full, and there shall be no vacancies existing
jj when the traitors now in arms shall have bitten
ji the dust, to reward them for their misconduct.
Mr. Vallandighasvi's amendment was agreed
to—ayes 56, noes 33.
Mr. KLAIR, of Missouri. I mWe that the
committee rise for the purpose of making- a mo-
tion in the House to limit the debate-on this sec-
tion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the Chair, Mr. Burnett reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (H. R.No. 37)
providing for the better organization of the mili-
tary establishment, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move that all de-
bate on the scction under consideration be closed
in one minute after the committee shall have
lesumed its consideration.
Mr. OIVEN. I hope debate will not be lim-
ited. 1 think there ought to be some rights for
the modest men of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the State of the Union, (Mr. Burnett
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 37) providing for the better
organization of the military establishment.
Mr. McKEAN. I move to amend by insert-
ing a comma after the word " district," and strik-
ing out the comma after the words " at large."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FISHER. Is it in order to offer a substi-
tute for the whole section?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. FISHER. I move as a substitute for the
section, the following:
That any existing vacancies at the United States Mili-
tary Academv from concessional districts in slaveholding
States for which no nominations are made, may bo filled
by the Pietident, by appointments from the slaveholding
States; and that there shall be added to the number of ca-
dets as now authniiKed to b - appointed fiom congressional
districts one from each district to be nominaled by the
Representative from the district, and from " at large" two
cadets trom each State, to be appointed by the President
fiom the li-1 of persons recommended by the Senators or
Repiesentatives: Provided, That each oY said additional
cadets shall he an actual resident of the State from which
he may be appointed, and shall have the same qualifications
(or admission to the United States Military Academy as are
now lequtred for tho^e appointed from congressional dis-
tricts and from u at huge."
Mr. COX. I raise the point of order that that
amendment is not in order, as tKe subject has
boon already acted upon.
Mr. FISHER. I propose it as an amendment
to the enfnc eleventh scction of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAKER offered the following amendment:
That the President shall be cmpoweied to fill, from the
country at lai^e, all vacancies now existing in the United
States'Military Academy.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word " State," in the twelfth line, the
words 14or district."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. F. A. CONIvLING. I move to amend by
striking out the following words: "and from 'at
large* two cadets from each State, to be appointed
by nominations of Senators."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is very manifest now that
the word "State" in the proviso ought to be
stricken out, and the word "district" inserted in
its place; so that it will read:
Provided, That each of the additional eadets shall be an
actual iCMdent of the district from winch nominated, and
shall have the same qualifications lor admission to the
United States Military Academy a-, are now required for
i those appointed liom congressional districts and from " at
large."
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment has just
been passed upon by the committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. No, sir; the amendment
passed upon was to insert after the word "State"
the words " or district." Mv amendment now
