214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
is to strike out the word " State," and insert in
lieu of it the word " district."
The amendment was agreed to.
'Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
by striking out all after the word" enacted," and
inserting in lieu thereof the following:
That any existing vacancies at tlie United Slates Military
Academy from congressional districts, lor which no nom-
inations shall have been made by Representatives in Con-
gress, shall be apportioned and filled at large by appoint-
ment by the President of the United States; and there shall
be added to the number of cadets now authorized u at
large," two cadets frosn each State, to be appointed by
nominations ot Senators.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARRISON. I move to amend by adding,
at the end of section eleven, the following as a new
section:
Sec. 1'i. JlniL be it further enacted, Tliat whenever any
cadet who may graduate at .said Academy shall lesign, his
resignation shall be upon the express condition that tiic
cadet so resigning shall bo liable, whenever required to do
so by the President of the United States, to enter the actual
military service ot" the United States in such capacity and
lor such length of time as the President may designate.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLINGr. I move to strike
out the fourteenth section, as follows:
Sec. 14. Jhld be it further mm tetJ, That the fifth section
of Ihe acl apptoved September 28, 1850, requiring tile Sec-
retary or War to discharge irom the Army all minors, be,
and the same is hereby, icpealod.
The effect of the section, Mr. Chairman,is sim-
ply this: to repeal a section of the act of 1850,
which provides that it shall be the duty of the
Secretary of War to order the discharge of any
soldier in the Army of the United States who,
at the time of his enlistment, was under twenty-
one years of age, upon evidence being brought
that such enlistment was without the knowledge
of his parent or guardian. This section, so far as
I know, is the only statute in existence clothing
anybody with the power to discharge from the
Army a minor who, without the consent of his
parent, or the person standing ttt loco parentis, hus
enlisted in the Army of the United States. The
section which I move to strike out repeals this one
single provision.
Now, I do not know what object there can be,
at this time, when men of full age are flocking to
the standard of the country in such numbers that
it is impossible to accept them all, in detaining in
the service minors who, under the section of the
act of 1850, might be dischaiged. We all know
that the enthusiasm that lias existed in the coun-
try may have caused a great many boys (I know
of some instances myself) to enlist. In some
instances they enlisted under assumed names,
because in that way only could they elude the
vigilance of tjjeir parents. Now, I think tli.it at
no time, and least of all at this time, should we
repeal the clause of the act of 1850, which is the
only clause that provides for the discharge of
minors thus situated. I therefore move to strike
it out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. liLAKE. I move to amend Ihe seven-
teenth section by inserting, after the word " au-
thorized," the words "to introduce butter and
cheese;" so that it will read:
Sue. 17. Jlnd be it futther enacted, That the Commissary
Geneiul of Subsistence be, and lie is herebv, authorized
to introduce butter and cheese, under such iegutaumis us
the .Sccrrtaiy of War may prescribe, and to v;uy the arti-
cles of subsistence whenever cucum-tances may  omlcr it
advisable: Provided, TJmt the c<v>t of the ration shall not
he increased by such pub}>tiuition.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I trust that that
amendment will not be agreed to.
Mr. DIVEN. I call the gentleman from Mis-
souri to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri is not out of order. The debate is not lim-
ited on this section. It was only limited on the
section then under consideration—the eleventh
section.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I simply put it to
the committee that it is improper to fix, m this
way, what rations shall be provided for soldiers.
I believe such a thing hus never been done. Sol-
diers' rations are fixed by regulations of the War
Department, except as to the amount. The idea
of having the articles of soldiers' rations specifi-
cally named is a thing unheard of. It is a matter
winch must be trusted to the Commissary General
and ae Secretary of War, It will increase enorm-
ously the expenses of the rations to add butter |
and cheese. And more than this: if we put these :
articles into the law, every other gentleman will
want to put in the particular article which his
country produces, until the soldiers will be pro-
vided with luxuries to an extent which citizens
cannot afford for themselves.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
by adding, after " butter and cheese," the word
"ice." Gentlemen will see that it is perfectly
useless to provide butter at this season of the
year, in some parts of the country, unless we also
provide ice. [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAKE. I oppose the amendment of the
gentleman from Vermont, for the purpose of say-
ing, in reply to the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Blaik,] that every aiticle of the ration of
the soldier is specifically provided for by law;
I and the prescription that butter and cheese may
constitute a portion of the ration is therefore only
following out the general rule. It is an act of
Congress which prescribes what the soldier shall
have; and I propose to make this act prescribe
that he shall have butter and cheese. I offer the
amendment for the purpose of assisting the sol-
dier; for the purpose of giving aid and comfort
to him while fighting the battles of his country,
and at the same time to furnish a great market
for those articles to those who produce them.
Mr. ALDRICH. I desire, by the consent, of
the committee, to say a word in reply to my friend
from Vermont. I know that the debate has been
exhausted upon the amendment. [Cries of "No
objection."]
1 merely desire to suggest to the gentlemanfrom
Vermont, that while providing ice for the soldiers,
he should, coming from the region he does, not
have forgotten to add a small quantity of whisky.
[Laughter.] Every gentleman who is posted,
knows that soldiers in this warm climate, espe-
cially those coming from the cool regions of New
England and Minnesota, where they are accus-
tomed to that kind of drink, must have a little of
it in their rations to preserve their health. I de-
sire, therefore, if it be in order, to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Vermont, by
adding a gill of whisky to each ration.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will accept the
amendmentof thcgentlcman from Minnesota with
great pleasure; and I will also, at the suggestion
of the gentleman who sits behind me, for the ben-
efit of my friend from Ohio, add that all the butter
and cheese be purchased in the Western Reserve.
[Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I oppose that, unless they furnish
some soldiers for the war first.
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The amendment was then rejected.
Mr. DIVEN. Is it in order to move to strike
out the enacting clause of the bill?
The CHAIRMAN. That motion would be in
order.
Mr. DIVEN. I make that motion; and I de-
sire to state my reasons to the committee for mak-
ing it. I wish to say that, from my perusal of
this bill, I find that it is a bill for increasing the
number of officers, and providing for their pay-
ment, at a time when we have already more officers
of the Army than we are employing; to increase
the number of cadets in the Military Academy at
a time when there are men educated in that school,
who have distinguished themselves in the service,
waiting for employment; and so on from the be-
ginning to the end of the bill.
Sir, 1 say, with all due respect for the gentle-
man who is at the head of the Military Com-
mittee, that he has been crowding bill upon bill
of this character upon the House so rapidly that
I have been absolutely unable to follow him. I
can sec no design or effect in presenting or voting
for this bill, except simply to multiply officers.
Now, in Heaven's name, have not we got officers
enough ? And do we not pay our officers enough
for what they arc doing? It stakes me, with all
due respect to the Military Committee, that we
do.
Mr. JOHNSON. I agree with the gentleman
in the gcncial statement that he has made, that
we have too many officers already.
Mr. ALLEN. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman can only speak in opposition to
the motion of the gentleman from New York.
He is not opposing it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman had not
proceeded sufficiently far with his remarks for the
Chair to decide that question.
Mr. JOHNSON. The difficulty, however, is
not in the Military Academy. I believe that too
many of the blunders that nave occurred during
this war have occurred in consequence of the fact
that political appointments have been made by the
Department to the high offices in the Army.
Mr. ALLEN. 1 now insist upon my point of
order, that the gentleman is not opposing the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, sir, I believe I have
said about all I intended to, anyhow.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have something
to say in opposition to the motion of the gentle-
man from'New York. The gentleman character-
izes this bill as a bill to make offices, and stigma-
tizes it as unnecessary at the present crisis. I
desire to say to the House that the bill does in-
crease the staff corps of the Army, and that there
never was a time in the history of the country
•when it was so necessary to increase these staff
corps as the present. We know that the Quar-
termaster's department, for instance, is called upon
to spend millions upon millions beyond the or-
dinary expenses of that department; that it is
called upon to employ thousands of persons not
employed by it in ordinary times. So with the
Commissary's department; so with the Adjutant
General's department; and so with every single
corps of the Army. They want more men in the
staff corps—in every single staff corps of the
Army; and it is absolutely necessary that they
should have more. The amount of business press-
ing upon all of them is perfectly unparalleled, and
I say it is uncalled for upon the part of the gen-
tleman to stigmatize this bill in the way in which
he has done. It has been the object of the Mili-
tary Committee not to create an office where it
was not absolutely essential for the efficiency of
the service. I appeal to the sense of justice of the
House to bear me witness that 1 have reported
against all propositions for augmenting the num-
ber of officers unnecessarily.
Mr. DIVEN. Does the gentleman regard that
the exigencies of the times demand that the num-
ber of cadets at the West Point Military Acad-
emy should be doubled ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do.
Mr. DIVEN. Let me ask another question,
with the gentleman's permission. Does he expect
that any of the cadets to be appointed to that
Academy will be employed in this service?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not suppose
they will. It is possible, however, they may be.
But the gentleman makes objection to this single
section, and makes his objection to it the ground
of objection to the whole bill. It has been re-
ported by those who have charge of the Academy
that the buildings are sufficient to accommodate
double the number of cadets they have now, and
it was deemed advisable by the committee to in-
sert the provision which they have done. If the
House see proper, however, to strike out that
section, I have no sort of objection; but I submit
that it docs not become the gentleman to charac-
terize a bill increasing the staff corps of the Army,
to the extent onty of the absolute requirements of
the service, in the manner he has done. 1 think
it is very unkind on his part, and that his allega-
tions are not borne out by the facts of the case.
Mr. Diyen's amendment was rejected.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved that the com-
mittee rise, and report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose;and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Burnett reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly House
bill No. 37, providing for the better organization
of the military establishment, and had directed
him to report the same hack to the House, with
sundry amendments.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, demanded the pre-
vious question on the amendments, and on the
engrossment and third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
