1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The amendments ofthe Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union were concurred in, ex-
cept the following, upon which separate votes
were asked:
Second amendment:
Add to the first section, which provides for the appoint-
ment of an Assistant Secretary of War, as follows :
Provided, That said office shall only continue while a
volunteer forccis in service for the stipptession of the pres-
ent rebellion.
Mr. ALLEN demanded the yens and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Strike out " any existing vacancies at the United States
Military Academy trom congressional districts, for wlilcli
no nominations are made by Repiescntatives in Congress,
shall be apportioned among the Representatives fiom the
loyal slavcholdmg States, and that;" so that the section
will read :
Thete shall be added to the number of cadets of the
United States Military Academy, as now authorized to
be appointed fiom congressional distiiet^, one fiom each
district, to be nominated by tlie Representative from the
disttict, &.C.
The amendment was concurred in.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed , and read a third time; and beingengrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time,
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, demanded the pre-
vious.question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAVAL ACADEMY,
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution for the re-
moval of the Naval Academy was laid upon the
table; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SURVEYOR GENERAL AT ST. LOUIS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill concerning the closing of
the office of surveyor general at St. Louis, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
CAPTAIN CHARLES FIBRER.
Mr. DUELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Captain Charles Fierer, deceased; which
was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
MARITIME RIGHTS.
Mr. COX. I ask leave to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States, if
compatible with the public interest, communicate to this
IIoU"jC all, or Mich pmtion-> as he may deem advi>able, of
the correspondence on file in the Department ol State be-
tween the Government and all foreign Powers, fiom 18o3
to the present tune, with rcieience to maritime lights.
Mr. OLIN. I object.
FISHERIES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President:
To the Senate and House of Represcntalii cs :
As the United Slates have, iu common with Gieat BjiI-
ain and Fiance, a deep interest in the presetvanon and
development of the li^houes adjacent to the northeastern
coast and islands ot this continent, it seem* proper that
wo should conceit with the Governments ol tho-^e. coun-
tues such measure a> may be conducive to tho-o import-
ant objects. Wnli this view, I tiansnit to Congress a
copy of a correspondence between the Secretary of State
and the Rriti<h nimistei here, in winch the latter proposes,
on behalf of his Government, the appointment of a joint
commission to inqune into the matter, in older that such
ultcnor mca-mos may be adopted as may be advisable for
the objects pioposed. Such le^Hlationisiecommended as
may be neceoary to enable the Executive to provide lor a
Commissioner on behalf of the United States.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, July 19, 1801.
The message was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the
House (at twenty-five minutes after three o'clock,
p. m.) adjourned till Monday, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, July 20, 1861.
Prayerby the Chaplain,Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
NAVAL MEDICAL CORPS.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Affairs,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 31 ) to in-
crease the medical corps of the Navy, have in-
structed me to report the same back to the Senate
with an amendment; and I am further instructed
to ask for its consideration at this time.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 31)
to increase the medical corps of the Navy was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides that the corps shall consist of eighty
surgeons and one hundred and twenty assistant
surgeons.
The amendment of the Committee on Naval
Affairs was, after the words " one hundred and
twenty," to insert " passed and other;" so that
the clause will read: "and ono hundred and
twenty passed and other assistant surgeons."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the title. It
includes more than one subject, I believe. The
amendment is a distinct subject.
Mr. HALE. The title is well enough.
Mr. ANTHONY. What is the other subject?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
other subject.
* Mr. HALE. I had an amendment in my hand
which the Naval Committee instructed me to re-
port. I thought of offering it to another bill; but
as it is suggested by the Senator from Iowa that
it may be put on this, 1 move to reconsider the
vote passing the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move to reconsidcr the vote
ordering the bill to a thiwl reading.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tpmpore. The bill is
now open to amendment.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Affairs
propose to add the followingsection as an amend-
ment to the bill:
And be it farther cnacted, That for the purpose of meet-
ing the present exigencies of the naval seiviec, there shall
be appointed one pupil at the United States Naval School
by t!ie President of the United States, before the 1st day
of September next, upon the recommendation of the mem-
ber ol Congie-^ repicscnting the distiict in which the ap-
plicant actually resides, one pupil on the leeommendation
of each Senator of the United States, and ten pupils by the
President at large.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the bill will be laid
over until the Senate is fuller. I was not aware
that this proposition was coming up to-day. It
is not at all germane to the original bill. I should
have objected to the consideration of the bill this
morning if 1 had known that any such proposi-
tion as this was to lie put in it. I supposed it
was merely a bill to i ncrease the medical corps of
the Navy, but it seems to be a bill to reorganize
the Naval Academy.
Mr. GRIMES. We may as well determineat
this time a.s at any other what is the sense of the
Senate in lelation to filling up the Naval Academy.
If they choose not to adopt this amendment, to
strike at the Academy and put it out of existence,
let us know it, and the Naval Committee will bo
able to act understandingly. There is now only
one class at the Naval Academy. The exigencies
of the service require that it should be filled upas
speedily as possible. The committee have rec-
ommended that to each Representative in Congress
there shall be allowed the privilege of appointing
one pupil. If wc allow them two pupils, it will
fill the Academy beyond its capacity to accom-
modate them, but one pupil to each member will
not be enough for the necessities of the day; it
would not fill theAcademyup to its capacity; and
therefore it is proposed to allow each .Senator the
privilege of appointing one, and to give to the
President of the United States what he has never
yet enjoyed m regard to the Naval Academy,
though he hasenjoyed-itin regard to the Military
Academy—the privilege of appointing ten pupils
at large. Usually,! believe the President selects
the sons of persons connected .with one or the
other of the military branches of the public ser-
vice. , 
If it is the object of the Senator from Rhode
Island to prevent the Academy from being filled,
let us know it. If he thinks that we are not ap-
pointing enough, and should appoint two from
each congressional district, then I tell him that
we cannot do that, for the reason that the capacity
of the Academy is not sufficient to accommodate
that number. We have regulated it according to
what we suppose to be the ability of the Academy
to teach young men; that is all.
Mr. ANTHONY. The understanding was,
yesterday, that no business was to be transacted
to-day, and many Senators have gone off. I wish
to have this bill postponed until Monday, when
the Senate shall be full. I do not know but that
the plan which has been proposed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs is the best that can be
adopted; but I do not wish to have it adopted in
a thin Senate, when it was understood that no
business'was to be transacted to-day; and this
certainly is business of a very important char-
acter.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not cognizant of any such
understanding; but if there is such, of course I
do not ask for any action on any bill.
Mr. HALE. I will let it lie over until Mon-
day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By common
consent, this bill will be passed over.
MEMORIAL, ETC.
Mr. COWAN presented a memorial of citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying for the establishment
of a national armory at the falls of Big Beaver
river, in Beaver county, Pennsylvania; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. KING presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature i)f New York in relation to the treaty be-
tween the United States and Great Britain, com-
monly known as the reciprocity treaty; which
were referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
REPORTS OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 36)
to provide for the construction of one or more ar-
mored ships and floating, batteries, an'd for other
purposes, reported it without amendment, with a
recommendation that it do pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (H. R. No. 1) au-
thorizing the appointment of examiners to ex-
amine a steam floating battery at Hoboken, New
Jersey, reported it without amendment.
Mr. HALE. I shall not ask that these bills
be considered now.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 8) in relation to the world 's fair to be held in
London in the spring of 18G2; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
39) to provide for holding the district and circuit
courts in judicial districts during the temporary
vacancy in the judgeship; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
INCREASE OF TIIE ARMY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the bill (S. No. 2) to increase the present
military establishment of the United States, which
had been returned from the House of Represent-
atives with an amendment to strike out all after
the enacting clause and insert a substitute.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I inquire if it is proposed
to consider that in the absence of the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs. It seems to
be a new bill entirely.
Mr. KING. There are some differences of
opinion in the committee on this subject; and I
believe this new bill has not been referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs in the Senate. I
move its reference to that cofnmittee; and that it
be printed.
The motion was agreed to; and the amendment
of the House was ordered to be printed.
