1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
under the laws thereof, (by which, of course, is
meant a slave in any of these States,) if employed
in aid of this rebellion, in digging ditches or in-
trenchments, or in any other way, or if used for
carrying guns, or if used to destroy this Govern-
ment, by the consent of his master, his master
shall forfeit all right to him, and he shall be for-
ever discharged; and I am glad the yeas and nays
are called to let us see who is willing to vote that
the traitorous owner of a negro shall employ him
to shoot down the Union men of the country, and
yet insist upon restoring him to the traitor that
owns him, I understand that negroes were in
the fight which has recently occurred. I take it
that negroes who are used to destroy the Union,
and to shoot down the Union men by the consent
of traitorous masters, ought not to be restored to
them. If the Senator from Kentucky is in favor
of restoring them, let him vote against the amend-
ment.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The line of remarks
made by the Senator appears to me to be alto-
gether uncalled for. I expect to do my duty here
as a Senator, upon my own conscience and upon
my own judgment, according to the Constitution.,
I shall enter into no argument in reply. I showed/
my willingness to vote by asking for the yeas and1
nays. In my opinion, the amendment will be one
of a series which will amount, before we are done
with it—if, unhappily, we have no settlement or,
adjustment soon—to a general confiscation of all|
property, and a loosing of all bonds. The infer-
ences the Senator draws are not deducible from
my motives and purpose in calling for the yeas
and nays on this amendment, and the vote I shall
give.
Mr. WILSON. I shall vote with more heart
than I vote for ordinary measures, for this propo-
sition. I hope the Senate and the House of Repre-
sentatives will sustain it, and that this Government
will carry it out with an inflexibility that knows
no change. The idea that men who are in arms
destroying their country slmll be permitted to use
others for thSt purpose, and that we shall stand
by and issue orders to our commanders, that we
should disgrace our cause and our country, by
returning such men to their traitorous masters,
ought not longer to be entertained. The time has
come for that to cease; and, by the blessing of
God, as far as I am concerned, I mean it shall
cease. If there is anybody in this Chamber that
chooses to take the'other path, let him do it; let
him know what our purpose is. Our purpose is
to save this Government and save this country,
and toputdown treason; and if traitors use bond-
men to destroy this country, my doctiine is that
the Government shall at once convert those bond-
men into men that cannot be used to destroy our
country.
I have no apologies to make for this position.
I take it proudly. I think the time has come when
this Government, and the men who arc in arms
under the Government, should cease to return to
traitois their fugitive slaves, whom they are using
to erect batteries to murder brave men who ore [
fighting under the flag of their country. The time
has come when we should deal with the men who
arc organizing negro com panics, and teaching them
to shoot down loyal men for the only offense of
upholding the flag of their country. I hope fur-
ther, sir, that there is a public sentiment 111 this
country that will blast men who will rise in the
Senate or out of it to make apologies for treason,
or to defend 01 to maintain tiie doctiine that this
Government is bound to protect traitois in con-
verting their slaves into tools for the destruction
of the Republic.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. One single word, sir.
The Senator from Massachusetts is a Senator
from that Commonwealth, and, I presume, dis-
charges what ho believes to be his duty. I am a
Senator from Kentucky,and I do thesanie thing; j
and when the Senator attempts to deter me from
doing my duty 111 my place by intimating to me
that the public sentiment, here or elsewhere, will',
blast any man who votes as ho believes in his
conscience to be right, I tell him that he speaks to
the wind. I will utter no unparliamentary lan-
guage, but I give that Senator notice now, that itis
perfectly idle to attempt to influence the conduct
ofSenators in the discharge of their public duties
by any such course of remark.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I understand this amend-
ment to be in the nature of a confiscation for trea-
son. I am in favor of it; but I ask the Senator
from Illinois to make one modification in it. As
it now reads, it makes the confiscation where the
masters "permit or suffer" the employment of
these parties. " Suffer " may be something he is
compelled to do, and therefore I object to that
term.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to a
verbal alteration. Would the words " willingly
suffer" accomplish the Senator's object?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think the word " per-
mit" is sufficient. Let the words " or suffer" be
stricken out. I regard this as a confiscation for
treason, and I am for the proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I agree to that amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That modifi-
cation will be made by common consent. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the amendment with
that verbal alteration be read, so that we may all
understand it.
The Secretary read it, as follows;
Jind he it further enacted, That whenever any person
claiming to be entitled lo the service or labor of any other
pel son miller the laws of any State, shall employ such per-
son in aiding or promoting anv insiniection, 01 in lesisting
the laws of the United States, or shall peimil him to he so
employed, he shall forfeit all right to such service or labor,
and the person whose labor or service is thus claimed shall
be thenceforth dischaiged tlierelrom, any law lo the con-
tiary notwithstanding.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Mr. President, no longer
ago than Saturday last I voted in the Judiciary
Committee against this amendment, for two rea-
sons: first, 1 did not believe that persons in rebel-
lion against this Government would malce use of
aic.il means as the employment of persons held to
labor or service in their armies; secondly, because
I did not know what was to become of these poor
wretches if they were discharged. God knows
wo do not want them in our section of the Union.
But, sir, having learned and believing that these
persons have been employed with arms in their
hands to shed the blood of the Union-loving men
of this country, I shall now vote in favor of that
amendment with less regm-d to what may become
of these people than I had on Saturday. I will
merely instance that there is a precedent for this.
If I recollect history aright, General Jackson, in
the Seminole war, declared that every slave who
was taken ill arms against the United States should
be set free.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, the first section
of the bill is general enough in its phraseology to
cover this particular species of property and render
it liable to confiscation. To that I make no ob-
jection; but it will not be surprising to the Senate
if those who come from the section of the country
ill which I reside should be a little sensitive at
anything which proposes, as this amendment does,
an act of emancipation, however limited and qual-
ified. That is my objection to it. Besides, I
think it will be brulumfulmen. It is a simple dec-
laration that the pcisons thus employed shall be
no longer liable to service or labor, but shall be
discharged therefrom. What provisions haveyou
for enforcing that; and how do you think yon
could enforce it within the, States in which alone
this sort of labor is employed in the Army, if in-
deed it is so employed at all ? You have made no
provision for the asccrtammentof the facts by the
courts, and the declaration of a legal sentence by
any tribunal. You rest upon the general piovision
of the section that they shall be discharged from
service and labor. Now, sir, where and by what
court would you have that sentence declared, and
by what authority enforced - Til the States where
this institution prevails, even if they should return
to the Union, your law would be considered un-
constitutional. The State courts would undoubt-
edly set it at defiance. If you could cause the
individual to be discharged in such a State, it is
most probable that the State laws would imme-
diately be put in operation against him, and that
he would be subjected to a procedure by which
he would bo again remanded to the condition of
servitude. I think it better to let it alone, and let
it stand on the first section, which declares that
all property so employed shall be liable to confis-
cation.
I admit there might be a question as to what
you will do with this property if you make it
only subject to confiscation; but suiely as the bill
now stands, it is nothing but briilum fulmen.
Nothing will come of it but more of that irritation
of which it is my earnest prayer there shall be as •
little as possible. I think it is the part of states--
men, in managing tlio concerns of the country at
this dreadful crisis, to observe all possible tolera-
tion, all conciliation, all liberality, not looking
merely at the events of the day, but at the great
events that may crowd upon us for years, apd
upon which the fate of the country, for weal or
for woe, may depend for a century. I am not ,
insensible to the magnitude of this occasion. I
look at all its aspects and at all the consequences
which may result from that which is now in prog-
ress. No man deplores it more deeply than I
do. No man sought more earnestly to shun it.
I only ask now that this measure, which cannot
be of any very active force, may not be adopted;
because it will only add one more to the irrita-
tions which are already exasperating the coun-
try to far too great an extent. It will inflame sus-
picions which havchadmuchtodowith producing
our present evils; will disturb those who are now
calm and quiet; inflame those who are restless;
irritate numbers who would not be exasperated by
anything else; and will, in all probability, produce
no other real effect than these. Being, then, use-
less , unnecessary, and irritating, it is, in my opin-
ion, unwise.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 33, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Browning, Chand-
ler, Clark, ColJamer, Cowan, I)i\on, Uoolittle, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Grimes;*HaIe, Harlan, ITairis, Howe, John-
son ofTennessee,King,Lane of Kansas, McOougall, Mor-
rill, Nesmith, Pomeroy, Sherman, Simmons, Sumner,Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilinot, and Wil-
son—in.
NAYS —Messrs. Breckinridge, Johnson of Missouri,
Kennedy, Pcaiue, Polk, and Powell—0.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a bill (No. 37) providing
for the better organization of the military estab-
lishment, in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed an enrolled bill (S. No. 1) to author-
ize the employment of volunteers to aid in enforc-
ing the lawsand protecting public property; which
thereupon received the signature of the President
pro tempore.
TIIU NATIONAL LOAN.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am instructed by the
Committee oil Finance to report a bill which it is
necessary should be passed promptly. I suppose
there will be no objection to it. I wish to have
it passed at once.
The bill (S. No. 41) supplementary to an act
entitled " An act to authorizea national loan, and
for otherpurposes," was, by unanimous consent,
read twice, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue bonds, not less than $500
each, bearing six per cent, interest, payable at
the pleasure of the United States, after twenty
years from date, which may be exchanged for
Treasury notes bearing seven and three tenths per
cent, interest, issued under the act '* to authorize
a national loan and for other purposes," approved
July 17, 1861.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrosed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
INCKEASE OF THE AMIY.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire to offer a reso-
lution, for the purpose of having it referred:
Resolved. That it is the policy of the Government to or-
ganize an army Of not ic s than one hundred and filly
thousand men, on the basis of the regular Armv of tile Uni-
ted States, the commissioned officers of which shall be
appointed by the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate.
I will simply say, that this resolution is ex-
pressive of an opinion which I have before par-
tially expressed m the Senate, and the soundness
of which has been recently confirmed. I move
