1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
quartermaster sergeant, one commissary sergeant, two
piineipal musicians, and one hospital steward; ami the
bauds of the tegular regiments shall consist of not more
than twenty-four musicians for cacti icgimentof infantry
ami artillery, and sixteen musicians for each regiment of
mounted troops.
3ec. 3. *dnd be it further enacted, That theie shall be
added to the Army ot the United States the following gen-
eral officers, namely: Four major generals, with three
aids-de-camp-eaeh, to betaken irotn captains or hen tenants
of the Army, and six brigadier generals, with two aids de-
camp each, to be taken liom the lieutenants of the Army.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further rnactcd, That the officers and
enlisted men raised m pursuance of the foregoing sections
shall receive the same pay, emoluments, and allowances,
and be on the same footing, in every respect, with those
of corresponding giades and corpi now in the regular ser-
vice. The regimental bands will be paid as follows : one
fourth of each the pay and allowances ot sergeants of en-
gineei soldiers j one lourth those of corporals of engineer
soldiers; and one half those of engineer soldiers of the first
class; the drum major or leader of the baud, the pay and
emoluments of a second lieutenant of infantry; the sad-
dler sergeants, veterinary seigeants, company quaiteimas-
ter sergeants, and dium majois, will receive the pay and
allowances of sergeants of cavalry. The battalion adju-
tant and battalion quartermasters and commiJ-saries will
receive the emoluments now provided bylaw tor regimental
adjutants.
Sec. 5. *dnd be it further enacted, That tbeteim of en-
listments made, and to be made, m the years 1861 and 1862,
in the regular Army, and for the force auiboiized by this
act, shall be for the period of three years fiom the 4th day
of July, 3861 ; and those to be alter January 1, 1863, in the
reguh#Aimy, shall be for the term of five yeais, as at pres
ent authoiized ; and that the men hereafter enlisted in the
legular loices shall be entitled to the same bounties-, in
cveiy respect, as those allowed, or to be allowed, to the
men of the volunteer forces: Provided, however, That the
men enlisted for the force authorized by this act shall be
disbanded at the end of the war.
Sec. 6. Jliul be it further enacted, That at the expuatiou
of said term of three years from the 4th day of July, 1861, or
at the end of the war, the said legnneuts shall be mustered
out of scrviee and dischatged.
Sko. 7. Jjndbe it further enacted, That the President of
the United States may, if he shall deem it for the public
intciest, detach any of the otficcis of the regulai Army liom
their respective leguncnts or corps and appoint them to
any position lor service in the legunentsauthoiizcd by thi->
act; and the officers so appointed shall, during the term
of such seivice, iceeive the pay, emoluments, and allow-
ances of the iauk to which they shall be aliened ; and
when the said icgiments are mustered out of seivice, all
of the officers of the tegular Army who have been detachcd
and assigned to duty in the sumo shall resume their posi-
tion6! m the regular Atm\,and shall be entitled to the same
ian!c, psoniotion, and emoluments, as it they had continued
to seivc in their own jegmiciils or coip^ of the legulai
Army.
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the enlistments
for the regiments authonzed by this act shall be in charge
of the officers detailed for that purpose, who are appointed
to said regiments from civil life; and that in the mean tune
the officers appointed to the same from the tegular Army
shall be detailed by the Commanding General to such ser-
vice in the volunteer regiments now in the field as will, m
his judgment, give them the greatest military itistttiction
and efficiency; and that the Commanding General may, m
his discretion, employ said officer.? with any part ot the
regular (bices now in the field until the regiments author-
ized by this act shall have been fully lecruited, and detail
any of the officers now in the regular A i my to set vice with
the volunteer icgiments now in the field, or which may
hereafter be called out, with such lank as may be offered
them m said volunteer regiments, for the puipose ot im-
parting to them militaiy instruction and efficiency.
Sec. 9. And be it faither enacted, That if, within the pc
riod of six months fiom and after the4th d.ivof Jul>, 1861,
the regiments of volunteeisdutboiized by tin.- act shall not
be fully icciuitod, then the men enlisted loi the nine la-
ments of infantiy shall be consolidated into as many legi-
menls of infantry as the numbei of men enlisted will be
sufficient to complete at the maximum requned by this act;
and such numbei onlyshall be received into seivice under
this act under otfieeis to be selected fiom tho^e employed
to recruit said regiments; and if, w ithin the ponod of six
months from and'alter the 4th day of July, 1864, the legi-
ments of cavalry and aitilleiy shall not be full> recruited
to the minimum number lequired, then the men enlisted
foi the regiment of cavalry shall he consolidated into com-
panies oi squadions, with the maximum Kquned by tins
act, as the case may be, and a sufficient numbei of the of-
ficers engaged in leciuitingshaJl be appointed to command
thein ; and the companies oi squadions so completed shall
be accepted into seivice and ordered upon duty; and the
officers who have been designated to the duty of iccrmting
said lcgimcnt, whose sei vie t  shall not be icqunod,.-hall be
dischaiged ; and in the same mannei the men enli.-ted lor
the regiment of aitillery -hall be consolidated into batteiies
oi battalions at the maximum icquired, and a--ij ued to
duty with the officeib selected fiom the number detailed to
recruit the same; and the office is designated to recruit the
same, whose services shall not be required, shall in like
manner be discharged.
Mr. KING. The amendment has been read.
It is not necessary to recur to the provisions of
the other bill. As I said, I think a majority of
the Military Committee preferthe bill as it passed
the Senate. My own preference is for this meas-
ure, chiefly because it provides for mustering out
of service, and thus requires the action of Con-
gress to determine what the peace establishment
shall be when the time arrives for determining
that question.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think the amendment
of the House of Representatives is legislating in
the wrong direction. I do not believe that the bill,
as originally presented by the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, was at all adequate to our present
necessity; and I introduced a resolution this morn-
ing for the purpose of bringing before the Mili-
tary Committee the question again in a new form.
I think that we shall be able to legislate for the
future when the future has developed itself; but
at the present time we ought to put into the field,
as a permanent force, all the force that,so far as
we are now advised, will be needed until the pres-
ent war is over.
I was not satisfied with the bill as it passed the
Senate, and I am still less satisfied with it as
amended in the House of Representatives. The
provisions of the amendment are calculated to do
mischief in the service, and destroy the spiritand
force of men now engaged under arms for the
cause, and those who may be called upon to take
up arms hereafter. I believe firmly that we want
to organize a regular standing force for the pres-
ent purpose ten times as large as is named in the
bill; and when we shall have conquered a peace,
we shall have the power then, being advised, to
disband the troops, and relieve the country from
the burden of its expenses. I think, myself, the
bill was weak enough as we passed it—too weak;
and worse as amended in the House of Repre-
sentatives. I am opposed to concurring in the
amendment, and hope that the Military Commit-
tee may report a bill, without providing for the
contingencies of years to come, that will organize
a regular military force upon the basis of the pres-
ent regular military establishment, so that the
officers who go into the service will understand
their business, and the men who enlist under them
will understand that they are bound by the regu-
lations of the service, and have the field officers
appointed upon consultation by the heads of the
military departments. It is required by the times,
and I think we might as well meet that require-
ment.
The question being taken, the amendment of
the House of Representatives was not con-
curred in.
  PAY OF SENATOR DOUGLAS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to Senate resolution No. 5, to pay to
the widow of the late Stephen A. Douglas the
amount due to him as a Senator at the time of his
death; which was, after the word " dollars," in
line ten, to insert the words, " and also the sum
of ^1,030 for mileage."
Mr. CLARK. I desire to say that it is entirely
conlrary to the practice of the Senate for some
four or five years. I think in no ease since the
act increasing the pay of members of Congress,
when Senators have died in this way, have we
paid mileage. I think there wore three cases oc-
curring one session. We passed a general reso-
lution that the administrator or personal repre-
sentative should be entitled to the proper pay at
the rate of $3,000 per annum; but in no case should
they receive less than three months' pay, but
without the mileage. The committee reported
this joint resolution m accordance with that pro-
vision. There is a general icsolution standing on
the statute-book that the heirs of the member arc
to be entitled to his pay without the mileage. I
hope the amendment will not be concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the amendment of the House
of Representatives.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
EMPLOYMENT OF VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to introduce a bill, of which no pre-
vious notice has been given; and I should like to
have it considered to-day, without reference to a
committee. It is very brief, and important.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 42)
in addition to the "act to authorize the employ-
ment of volunteeis, to aid in enforcing the laws
and protecting public propel ty," approved the22d
of July, 1861, was read twice by its title. The bill
authorizes the President of the United States to
accept the services of volunteers, either as cav-
alry, infantry, or artillery, in such numbeis as the
exigencies of the public service may, in his opin-
ion, demand, to be organized as authorized by the
act of July 22,1861. The volunteers thus author-
ized are to be armed as the President may direct.
They are to be subject to the rules and articles of
war, and are to be put, in all respects, on a foot- *
ing with similarcorps of th% United States Army,
and are to be mustered into service for and during
the war.
Mr. FESSENDEN. X should like to see and
examine that bill. Unless it can be explained, I
think it had better be passed over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill, hav-
ing been read twice to-day, can only be consid-
ered by unanimous consent.
Mr. WILSON. I will explain why it is ne-
cessary to pass the bill to-day.
Mr. PEARCE, I prefer that it should lie oyer.
I do not exactly understand the object of the bill;
and I want to know something about it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, the bill cannot be considered to-day.
It will go upon the Calendar.
Mr. PEARCE. If there is no further business
before the Senate, I will move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. X ask the Senator to with-
draw that motion for a moment.
Mr. PEARCE. Certainly; I withdraw it.
Mr. GRIMES, [After a pause.] I move that
the Senate adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN'. I ask my friend to with-
draw that.motion. Why make such a motion?
We may perhaps pass the bill of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. GRIMES. Because I am satisfied there
is no necessity for passing that bill to-day. How-
ever, I will withdraw the motion, if the Senator'
desires it.
Mr. KING. I understand there will be a mes-
sage from the President in a fewjninutes.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States, by Mr. Hat,
his Secretary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive business.
I understand there are some executive communi-
cations just received.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES'.
Monday, July 22, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
MESSAGE I'ltOM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed bills of the House of
the following titles, without amendment:
An act (No. 23) for the relief of certain musi-
cians and soldiers stationed at Fort Sumter, in
South Carolina;
An act (No. 17) authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to remit fines and penalties incurred
in certain eases; and
An act (No. 56) in relation to forwarding sol-
diers' letters.
Also, that the Senate had passed bills of the
House of the following titles, with amendments,
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House:
An act (No. 26) making additional appropri-
ations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1862;
An act (No. 25) making additional appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, anu judicial
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1862; and
An act (No. 57) for the relief of the Ohio and
other volunteers.
Also, that the Senate had passed bills and a joint
resolution of the following titles; in which he' was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House:
An act (No. 24) authorizing the Secretary of
War to reimburse volunteers for expenses incurred
in employing regimental and other bands;
An act (No. 37) to regulate the police force of
the city of Washington; and
