1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
223
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, being upon the adoption
of the resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. I call for a division of the
resolution. ^
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will indicate
the division which he desires.
Mr. MALLORY. I rise to a question of order.
My point of order is, that the resolution is an
entirety, and that itisnot susceptible of division.
The SPEAKER. That is the very question to
be decided.
Mr. BURNETT. If I can have the resolution,
I can show that it is not an entirety.
The resolution was handed to Mr. Burnett.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I submit that it is the duty
of the Speaker to ascertain that fact, and not the
duty of the gentleman.
The SPEAKER. It is the duty of the gentle-
man to indicate the division which he desires, and
the Chair will then decide whether it can be so
divided.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire a separate vote upon
the first clause of the resolution; which is as fol-
lows:
Resolved, by the House of Representatives of the Congress
of the United States, That tUe piesent deplorable civil war
has been forced upon the countiy by the disuniomsts ot the
southern States now in revolt against the constitutional
Government, and in arms around the capital.
•That does not destroy the residue of the reso-
lution. It leaves a substantive proposition.
The SPEAKER; The Chair decides that the
resolution is divisible in the way proposed; and
the portion of it which the gentleman has just
read will first be voted on.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope gentlemen will give
us the yeas and nays on that branch of the reso-
lution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 121, nays 2; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Allen, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt,
Goldsmith F. I3ailey, Joseph ttaily, Baker, Baxter, Boa-
man, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake,
Buffinton, Calvert, Campbell, Chambeilain, Clark, Cobb,
Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling, RoseoeConkhng, Conway,
Cox, Crittenden, Cuitis, Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Delano,
DeJaplame, Diven, Duell, Dunlap, Dunn, Edgerton, Ed-
waids, English, Fenton, Fessenden, Fianchot, Frank,
Goocli, Gianger, Urider, Gurley, Haight, Hale, Harding,
Hairifcon, Ilolman, Horton, Ilutchms, Jackson, Julian,
ICelley, Killinger, Lansing, Law, Leary, Lehman. Loom is,
Lovejoy, McClcrnandjIVlcKean, JVfcilloiy, Menzies, Moor-
head, Anson P. Moinll, Ju&un S. Morrill, Morns, Nixon,
Noble, Nngen. Odoll,()lin, Pattow, George II. Pendleton,
Terry, Pike, Pomeroy, Poitcr, Potter, Alexander U. Uiee,
John II. lliee,Kiddle, Edward II. Rollins, JamesS. Rollins,
Shelhcld, Shellabai^er, Sherman, Sloati, Smith,Spaulding,
John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stratton, Francis
Thomas, Train, Trowbridge, Upton, Vandever, Van Valk-
cnburgh, Van Wyck, Verree, Vjbbaid, Wadsworth, Charles
W. Walton, Fi. I*. Walton, Ward, Webster, Wheeler,
Whalev, Albert S. White, Chilton A. White, Wickhffe,
Windom, Woodruff, Worcester, and Wright—121.
NAYS—Messrs. Burnett and Itcid—2.
So the first clause of the resolution was agreed
to.
Oaring the call of the roll,
Mr. FRANK stated that Mr. McKnight had
been absent from the House for some days, in
consequence of indisposition.
Mr. STRATTONstated that Mr. McPherson
was unavoidably absent fiom the House.
Mr. REID stated that Mr. Noell was absent
on account of sickness.
Mr. RIDDLE stated that Mr. Trimblu was
confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. BROWNE, of Rhode Island, announced
that Mr. Wall was absent in attendance on his
son, wounded in the Army yesterday.
Mr. WEBSTER stated that Ins colleague, Mr.
Ciirisfield, was detained from the House by
indisposition.
Mr. ALLEN, when his name was called, said:
Believing that this war has been forced upon the
country by the chsunionists of the South, aided
by the fanatics of the North, I vote "ay."
The result of the vote having been announced,
as above recorded,
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
latter portion of the resolution.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question recurred on the second part of the
resolution, as follows:
That in this national cmetgency Congress, banishing all
feeling of mere passion or resentment, will recollect only
its duty to the whole country; that this war is not waged
upon our part in any spirit of oppression, or for any pur-
pose of conquest or subjugation, or purpose of overthrow-
ing or interfering with the lights ur established institutions
of those States, butto defend and maintain thesupremacy
of the Constitution and to preserve the Union with all the
dignity, equality, and rights of the several States unim-
paired ; and that as soon as these objects are accomplished
the war ought to cease.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 117, nays 2; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Allen, Alley, Babbitt, Gold-
smith F. Bailey, Joseph Baily, Baxter, Beaman, Fiancis
P. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, George II. Browne, Buf-
finton, Calveit, Campbell, Chamberlain, Claik, Cobb, Col-
fax, llosooe Conkling, Coopei, Coining, Cox, Crittenden,
Cuitis, Cutler, Dawes, Delano, Diven, Duell, Dunlap,
Dunn, Edwards, English, Fenton, Fessenden, Fouke,
Franchot, I'rank, Gooch, Granger, Glider, Gut Icy, Ilaight,
Ilale, Harding. Harrison, Ilolman, Ilorton, Jackson, John-
son, foelley, Killinger, Law, Lazear, Leary, Lehman, Lo-
gan, Loonns, McClernand, Mallory, Menzies, Mitchell,
Moorhead, An^on P. Morrill, Justin S. Morull, Morris,
Nixon, Noble, Nugen, Odell,6lin, Patton, Geoige H. Pen-
dleton, Perry, Pike, Pomeroy, Porter, Heid, Alexander H.
llice, John II. Rice, Richardson, Robinson, Ed waul II. Rol-
lins, James S. Rollins, Sheffield, Shcllabarger, Sherman,
Smith, Spaulding, John B. Steele, Witliaui G. Steele,
Stratton, Fiancis Thomas,Tiain,Tio\vbridge, Upton, Val-
landigbam, Van Iloin, Van Valkenburgh, Van Wyck, Ver-
ree, Vtbbaid, Wadsvvoith, Chaiies W. Walton, E. P. Wal-
ton, Ward, Webster, Wheeler, Whaley, Albert S. White,
Chilton A. White, Wicklifle, Windom, Woodruff, Worces-
ter, and Wright—117.
NAYS—Messrs. Potter and Riddle—2.
So the second part of the resolution was agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. PATTON stated that Mr. Coyode was
absent from the city.
Mr. DUNN stated his colleague, Mr. Cra-
vens, had been anxious on Friday last to vote in,
favorof the resolution; that he was not able to be
in attendance to-day, and that if he had been, he
would have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. WADSWORTH said: I rise to a point of
order. According to the 31st rule of this House,
every member who is present when a vote is taken,
is required to vote, unless he be excused by the
House. My colleague from the first district [Mr.
Burnett] is in the House, and has not voted. I
desire that he shall be required to vote.
Mr. BURNETT. I will say to my young col-
league that when he learns the rules of this House,
he will take care to make lus point of order at the
right time. His colleague exercises his own judg-
ment in reference to his individual action here on
all occasions, without consulting any one .else.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I do not think-that the
House or the gentleman understands me as pre-
scribing any course of conduct for him.
The SPEAKER. The question is not debat-
able; but theie is nothing in the rules to indicate
any particular time when the question should be
raised.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I suppose that I am in
order. If not, I intend, at all events, that my col-
league shall be.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman may make
his point of order, and if the House will hear
me state the reasons which control my action, I
will be very much obliged to it, and will cast my
vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Wadswortii,]
that action on his point of oider cannot be taken
during the roll call. The gentleman [Mr. Bur-
nett] may be liable to the censure of the House
for not conforming to its rules, but that will come
up as a question of privilege, independently of
this vote.
Mr. BURNETT. May I be permitted to ask
whether I cannot give my reasons for not voting?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. That
would be debate. %
Mr. BURNETT. If I could be heard on that
point I think I could satisfy the House.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to remind the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Burnett,] that at the
last session of Congress a similar point of order
was made against two gentlemen on this side of
the House, and that the question was taken up
and a vote had on it, whether they should be cen-
sured or not.
Mr. BURNETT. I remember that case very
well, and am always ready to conform to the rules
of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remind the
gentleman that this question cannot be acted on
during the roll call.
Mr. BURNETT. If I can have permission to
give the reasons for my vote, I should like to vote
now.
The SPEAKER, ifia not in order.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
THANKS TO MASSACHUSETTS YOI/ONTEEKS-
Mr. TRAIN offered the following resolution;
and demanded the previous question on its adop-
tion:
Resolved, That the thanks of the House are due, and are
hereby tendered, to the'Sixth regiment of Massachusetts
volunteer militia, for the alacrity with which they r<&pond-
cd to the call of the President, and for the patriotism and
bravery which they displayed on the 19th of April last, in
fighting their way through the city of Baltimore, on their
march to the defense of the Federal capital.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the resolution was considered, and agreed to;
REDUCTION OF EXPENDITURES.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING offered the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the select committee appointed to report
in what manner and to what extent the public expendi-
tures may be reduced, shall have power to sit during the
recess of Congiess, and to send for persons and papers;
and that the committee may employ a clerk at the usual
rate of compensation, and report at any time.
Mr. EDWARDS. Is that resolution introduced
in order?
The SPEAKER. Yes; it is reported under a
call of the States for resolutions.
Mr. EDWARDS. Then I hope the House
wilt not agree to it.
The SPEAKER. If the resolution be objected
to us changing the rules, that objection will pre-
vail.
Mr. EDWARDS. Then I object to it as being
excluded by the rule adopted in the early period
of the session.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that that
point of order is not well taken, as the latter part
of that rule permits committees to be raised and
subjects to be referred to them.
Mr. EDWARDS. If the resolution is not in
order for any cause, I object to its introduction
for that cause.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that a
resolution which authorizes a committee to report
at any time changes the rules.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I withdraw that pact
of the resolution, and now demand the previous
question on the resolution as modified.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution is in
order.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I desire now to ask,
whether the opportunity will be afforded me to
explain briefly the object of the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. A motion to lay on the table
is not debatable; noris the resolution itselfdebat-
ablc.
Mr. EDWARDS called for the yeas and nays
on his motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and Mr. Edwards's
motion was agreed to.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. RIDDLE. I rise to a question of privi-
lege; and, for the purpose of blingnig it before
the House, I ask to have so much of the report
of the proceedings of last Friday read as 1 have
marked in the paper which I send to the Clerk's
desk.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Ohio that newspaper reports do
not form questions of privilege.
Mr. RIDDLE. Referring to the proceedings of
the House ?
The SPEAKER. Not even though relating to
proceedings of the House.
Mr. RIDDLE. Then I ask the consent of the
House to correct a portion of the report in the
Globe.
Mr. ROBINSON. I object.
NATIONAL ARMORIES.
Mr. VAN VALKENBURGH offered the fol-
lowing resolution; w^ich was read, considered,
and agreed to:
ResolvcJt That the select committee on aimorics be di-
rected to inquite into the propriety of establishing an arm-
