1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
law as if. before existed, the people living in my
end of the State were required to travel from the
extreme southwestern portion, as witnesses, ju-
rors, or parties to suits pending; and therefore it
was that I voted for holding terms of the court in
four different places.
Now, them, Mr. Speaker, I say to gentlemen
to-day, biing up your docket; exhibit the number
of cases; and there is no member of this House
who will say the amount of business is large for a
single district. No man will sny the State should
be divided into two judicial districts. That is the
reason, sir, which actuates me in my opposition
to this bill; and at the proper time I sh$.llaskfor
the yeas and nays upon its passage.
Mr. PORTER. Living as I do in a State ad-
joining the State of Kentucky, I am tolerably well
acquainted with the business in that State; and,
in my judgment, it is necessary that it should be
divided into two judicial districts, in order to have
the business of'the State properly attended to.
Now, sir, I think this matter has been sufficiently
discussed, and 1 demand the previous question.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw his demand for the previous question
for a moment.
Mr. PORTER. I think the matter has been
sufficiently discussed, and I must decline to with-
draw.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I do not wish to discuss
the bill. I- merely wish to ask a question.
Mr. PORTER. I must insist 011 my demand
for the previous question.
Mr. NORTON. I trust the gentleman will
withdraw his demand for the previous question.
I desire to say a word upon the amendment which
has been submitted by one of my colleagues from
Missouri.
Mr. PORTER. I must decline to withdraw.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendment submitted by Mr. Blair, of
Missouri, was agreed to—ayes 83, noes 10.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third timc;and bemgengrossed,
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I desire to say a single
word upon the passage of that bill. However ne-
cessary some gentlemen may think it that another
judicial distt ict in Kentucky should be established,
I shall be compelled to vote against the passage
of the bill.
I only ask to say this, in reference to the mat-
ter: 1 doubt the constitutionality of the measure.
While I acknowledge the power of Congress to
abolish certain district courts, and to establish
other courts, I think it has been admitted that it
is an abuse of the powers of Congrcs, and an eva-
sion of the constitutional mode of removing judges,
when such legislation is entered upon simply for
that purpose.
Now, sir, it appears to me that these cases
come within that prohibition of the Constitution.
If gentlemen conceive that there is really a sub-
stantial object of public good to be accomplished
by the abolition of this court, they are warranted
by the Constitution in voting for it; hut if the ob-
ject is really to getnd of one set of judges and to
appoint another, then it appears to me to bein
conflict with the spirit of the Constitution, which
provides a special mode of removing judges—by
impeachment—and provides that otherwise they
shall hold office during good behavior.
Other gentlemen may differ with me, but my
apprehension is that there has not been a suffi-
cient reason assigned for the removal and changes
which this bill makes provision for.
Mr. NORTON. As this bill now stands, I
shall not be able to give it my vote, for the fol-
lowing reasons: my colleague [Mr. Blair] lias
submitted an amendment, which has been adopted
by the House, abolishing one of the judicial dis-
tricts of the State of Missouri. Aboutfour years
ago, an act was passed by Congress dividing that
Slate into two judicial districts. Now, sir, if
there was a necessity existing four years ago for
the establishment of two judicial districts^ the
State of Missouri, 1 should like to know of the
gentleman who offered this amendment, what has
transpired within the last four years to diminish
the business of that State? Jf a necessity existed
four years ago for the establishment of two ju-
dicial districts, does there any reason now exist
for abolishing that aet? Surely, sir, that great
State has not diminished in population within that
time.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the gentle-
man to yield to me for a moment. There never
was a necessity for the division of the State of
Missouri into two judicial districts. There never
was a sufficient amount of business to employ
two judges m that State; and the bill which the
gentleman says passed four years ago was an
amendment that was slipped on to a bill at the
tail end of a session of Congress, at midnight, to
provide for a couple of politicians in that State.
I think it is time to dispense with their services.
Mr. NORTON. My colleague says there
never was a necessity for the passage of an act
dividing the State into two judicial districts. Sir,
that Congress, representing the wisdom of the
nation at that time, differed from the gentleman.
Since that time, what has transpired? That great
State has been steadily increasing in population;
and there has a state of things arisen in conse-
quence of the existing condition of public affairs
that must necessarily increase the business to be
transacted in those courts. And, with these facts
before him, my colleague wants to abolish one of
the courts m Missouri, while, at the same time,
he proposes to establish two judicial districts in
the State of Kentucky. Sir, I shall be compelled,
in justice to myself, in justice to my constituents,
in justice to reason and equity, as I understand
the facts of the case, to vote against the bill as
amended on motion of my colleague.
Mr. DIVEN. I voted for the amendment of
the gentleman from Missouri because I am satis-
fied one district is enough for Missouri; but I
shall vote against the bill if it retains the provis-
ion for two judicial distucts in Kentucky.
Mr. NORTON. I desire to ask the gentleman
from New York a question. If there is a neces-
sity for only one judicial district for Missouri,
upon what process of reasoning docs he arrive at
the conclusion that there is a necessity for two
districts in Kentucky, which to-day contains a
less population than Missouri?
Mr. DIVEN. If the gentleman had listened
to me he would have hoard me say that 1 should^
vote against the bill in Us present shape, for the
reason that 1 do not believe two judicial districts
arc necessary for the pioper tiansaction of the
business to be done in this court in Kentucky.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the'Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled House joint resolution No.
1, authorizing the appointment of examiners to
examine a steam floating battery at Hoboken,
New Jeisey; when the Speaker signed the same.
COURTS IN KENTUCKY—AGAIN.
Mr. DTVEN. New York, Mr. Speaker, with
three null ion inhabitants—more inhabitants, prob-
ably, than Kentucky and Missouri together—
with her immense commerce at the port of New
York, giving rise to vast business for these United
States courts, gels along wnh two distiicts and
two courts. In my judgment, this House, in the
passage of this bill,'is now about to set a prece-
dent that it will hureaftei regret. The object of
the bill seems to be to get rid of judges who, by
the terms of the Constitution, arc designed to hold
their offices for life, or dining gond behavior. If
they misbehave, they ran be impcached, and that
is the only constitutional mode of getting lid of
them that 1 know of. If we are to get rid of
judges wha hold their offices constitutionally for
life, or during good behavior, by abolishing the
courts over which they preside, then let me say
to gentlemen, that by and by, if the precedent be
established now, it will come to be the practice at
every change of the Administration of the General
Government to resort to this expedient; that is,
to repeal the law authouzing these courts and to
remodel the districts, so as to override the Consti-
tution. There will in fact be a change for political
reasons whenever there is a change of the Admin-
istration. Do not let us set such a precedent to
the country as will lead to the subversion of the
provision of the Constitution which makes the
tenure of office of judges to be for life, or during
good behavior.
Mr. PORTER. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr BURNETT T appeal to the gentleman
to withdraw his demand for the previous ques*
tion, in order that I may move to strike out th&j
portion of the bill which refers to Kentucky, " .
The SPEAKER. It is not in order at this
stage of the bill. The question now is, "Shallth^
bill pass?"
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 79, nays 50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Babbitt, Baker,
Baxter, Bcaman, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, Samuel S.
Blair, Blake, Buffinton, Campbell, Chamberlain, Colfax,
Frederick A. Cotikling, Bo&coe Conkling, Conway, Cra-
vens, Cutler, Davi«s, Delaplame, Duelf, Dunlap, Dunn, Ed-
gerton, Edwards, Fessenden, Fihlier, Fianehot, Goodwin,
Granger, Gusley, HattcheU, Harding, Ilorton, Hutching,
Jackson, Julian, Kclley, Francis W. Kellogg, William
Kellogs, Law, Leary, Lovejoy, McKnight, Mailory, Men* ..
ziOf, Mitchell, Moorlicad, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Olin,
Patton, Pomeioy, Potter, Potter, Alexander H. Rice, Rid-
dle, Edward II. Rollins, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sherman,
Sloan, Steven's, Stratton, Vandever, Van Horn, Venee,
Wadsvvorth, Wallace, E. P.Walton, Washburne, Webster,
Wheeler, Whaley, Albert S. White, Windom, and Wor-
cester—"/9.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ancona, Ashley, Joseph Bally,
George II. Browne, Burnett, Calveit, Clark, Gobi), Cooper,
Corning, Cox, Crisfield, Crittenden, Delano, Diven, JSiiot,
English, Fouke, Gooch,Grider, Hajght, Ifolman, Johnson,
Logan, Looims, Morris, Noble, Norton, Nugcn, Odell,
George II. Pendleton, Peiry, Reid, Richardson, Robinson,
Sedgwick, Sheffield, Smith, John B. Steele, William
G. Steele, Train, Vallandigham, Van Valkenburgh, Vib-
bard, Wall, Ward, Chilton A. White, Woodruff, and
Wught—50.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. JOHNSON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Lazear, had gone home on account of his own
sickness.
Mr. RIDDLE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Trimble, was confined to his room by illness.
Mr. McKEAN (not being within the bar when
his name was called) asked leave to vote.
Mr. BURNETT objected.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. PORTER moved to amend the title of the
bill by adding to it the words "and Missouri."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PORTER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter-motion was agreed to.
DIRECT TAXATION.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, reported a
bill to provide additional revenue for defraying
the expenses of the Government and maintaining
the public credit by the assessment of a direct
tax and internal duties; which was read a first
and second time by its title, referred to the-Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
BILLS OF EXCHANGE, ETC.
Mr. F. A. CONKLINGr, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill respecting bills of exchange
and pi omissory notes; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. PjLAIR, of Missouri. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports.
CAPTAIN CHARLES PIEREtt.
Mr. DUELL, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, moved that that committee be
discharged from the further consideration of the
claim of the administrator of Captain Charles
Fierer, and that it be referred, together with the
accompanying papers, to the Department of the
Interior.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
MILITARY ESTABLISHMENT.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I am directed by
the Committee on Mihtaiy Affairs to icportbock
Senate bill No. 3, providing for the better organ-
ization of the military establishment, with a sub-
stitute. *
Mr. Speaker, the bill of the Senate is for the
increase of the staff corps of the Army, and for
retiring disabled officers from the Army. The
