232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 24, 1861.
Prayer l>y the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AtJO MEMORIALS.
Mr. MORRILL presented the memorial of
William S.Grant, representing that supplies fur-
Dished by him for the army in Arizona* under
contract with the War Department, were seized
by the Texan forces, and praying relief; which
was referred to the Coi#mittee on Claims. .«
PROPOSED NATIONAL ARMORY.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to present, for
the purpose of reference to the committee having
charge of the matter, a communication from the
•Common Council of the city of Alton, in the
State of Illinois, setting forth the advantages of
that point as a location for an armory. The com-
munication shows that a commission appointed
for the purpose of selecting a place in the West
for an armory some years ago, consisting of Gen-
eral Armistead, Colonel Long, and Dr. Lawson,
reported in favor of the city of Alton as a proper
site for an armory; and among the reasons set
forth are the location of that place upon the
Mississippi river at a point atal! times open to
navigation, the abundance of coal in its vicinity,
the health of the locality, the cheapness of prop-
erty, and the fact that there are there at this time
large founderies and machine shops which could
be converted at once into manufactories of arms
at a very trifling expense. I ask that the com-
munication be referred to the committee having
charge of that matter, which I believe is the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. I think other memorials
on this subject have been referred to that com-
mittee. * *
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
LOCATION OP TUB NAVAL ACADEMY.
Mr. FOSTER. I present t'he report of a com-
mittee appointed by the Common Council of the
city of Now London, Connecticut, to act upon
the subject of the establishment of a naval depot
or a naval school within the limits of the harbor
of Now London. The Senator from New Jersey
[Mr. Tkn Eyck] arid the Senator from Rhode
island [Mr. Avtiiowy] have already brought the
question of the location of our Naval Academy
to the attention of the Senate. Each of those Sen-
ators, in urging the claims of his particular State,
indulged in a line of remai k quite common with
us all here when we speak of our own State. I
am not aware that either of them said anything
in this connection which was not eminently fit
and proper. New Jersey and Rhode Island have
each a historic fame, of which their representa-
tives hero, find every when4, are justly entitled to
be proud. But, sir, the State of Connecticut is
entitled to be heard on this subject. She claims
as fair a fame as belongs to each of these hrr sis-
ters. She demands, and history awards to her,
as bught a page as any on which are written the
annals of our country.
In the repuit which I present, the advantages
of the harbor of New London and its vicinity, as
a location for our Naval School, are set forth
briefly, but most convincingly; so that I content
myself at present by asking that it be pi in ted, and
reforied to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HALE. Let the question of printing take
the usual course. I do not want an exception
made to our general rule.
Mr. FOSTER. The memorials presented by
the other Senators were printed.
Mr. IIALE. They were resolutions of Legis-
latures.
Mr. FOSTER. The Senator from Rhode Island
presented a memorial from his Legislature, but the
Senator from New Jersey did not. They were
both printed.
Mr. HALE. I have no objection to the printing.
Mr. X^OSTER, Then I beg the Senator not to
make any, if he has none.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Memorials
not coming from a State Legislature, under the
, rules of the Senate, on a motion to print, go to
the Committee on Printing, unless by unanimous
consent.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask that. It is less than a
letter sheet.
Mr. HALE. If the others were printed, I
shall not make an exception; but, if they were
not printed, I shall object to the printing in this
case.
Mr. FOSTER. They were printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By unani-
mous consent, the order to* print is made; and a
reference to the Committee on Naval Affairs is
ordered.
OATH OP ALLEGIANCE.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of requiring an oath
of allegiance and support of the Constitution of the United
States to he administered to each imlitaiy. naval, and eivil
officer and employe of the Government, whether such em-
ployment he permanent or temporary; and that the com-
mittee be instructed to repoit by bill or othciwiac.
KEPOKTS FllOM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
17) concerning the pay of the officers of,the rev-
enue cutter service, nsked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. It. No. 53) relative to the
revenue marine, to fix the compensation of the
officers thereof, and for other purposes, reported
it without amendment.
WORLD'S FAIR.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
further reports, the first business on the Calendar
is the joint resolution (S. No. 9) relative to the ex-
hibition of the industry of all nations, to be holdcn
in London, in the year 1862.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the joint resolution. It pro-
poses to.authorize the Piesident to take such
measuies as shall to him seem best, to facilitate a
prppcr representation of the industrial interests of
the United States at the exhibition of the indus-
try of all nations in London, in the year 18G2; and
to appropriate #2,000 for the incidental expenses.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PUNTSHMENT OP CONSPIRACIES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
45) to define and punish certain conspiracies, have
instructed me to report it back to the Senate, with
a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask permission from the
Senate to submit the views of the minority of the
committee against the passage of that bill. They
are very short.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course, I have no ob-
jection to the Senator from Delaware presenting
any views which he pleases: hut I think it is un-
usual and unprecedented for a minority of a com-
mittee to piesent a report where there is no report
of a majority. The bill is simply reported back
to tiie Senate, with a recommendation that it pass;
and I am aware of no instance when; a minority,
under such circumstances, have been allowed to
make a minority report, to go among the repoits
of the Senate as from a committee, where there is
no majority report. Of course the Senator from
Debuvare will present whatever views he thinks
proper; but if he designs this as a minority report,
I object to it as unprecedented. If it is the Sen-
ator's speech, of course I have nothing to say
about it. He may present what views he pleases;
but I object to its coming from the committee as a
report in any shape, either minority or majority,
he having no authoiity to make such a leport ac-
cording to parliamentary usage, as I understand
the rules of parliamentary law and the uniform
practice of the Senate since I have been a member
of the body.
Mr. I A iARD. Mr.President, fnm perfectly
aware that, aceoi ding to the u*ago and practice of
the Senate, a minority cannot make a leport at
all; but it has been their usage to permit the views
of the minority, always so called, to be presented
to the Senate. In the House of Representatives
the usage is invariable to call them all repoits,and
they are treated as reports. Our usage has been
to permit a minority to present their'views; but j
not being a collective action of the majority of the 1
committee, it is not called a ipport.
The paper in question, though, is presented, in*
order merely to state the general objections to the
passage of this bill. It will not be denied for a mo-
ment that where a majority make a report, in which
they give their reasons and views in support of a
bill, our invariable usage has been to permit the
minority to state their views in opposition. But
the honorable Senator says, that where a commit-
tee make no report, it is unprecedented to allow a
minority to state the grounds of their objection,
for that is all that is done. Now, it seems to me,
in principle, that the right ought to obtain. If a
majority report back the bill, that is a leport; and
if they do not see fit to state their reasons in sup-
port of it, why should the minority be precluded
from stating the objections to it? In every case
the views of the minority are presented by them
as members of the committee, standing in contra-
distinction to their position as members of the
Senate. I cannot see, in principle, any distinc-
tion between the two cases. My recollection is,
that it has been permitted in the Senate; certainly
it often has been in the House of Representatives.
I am not aware that precedents will be found
similar exactly to this, for the very plain reason
that it is seldom, if ever, where a committee di-
vides upon principles in relation to a bill, especi-
ally a constitutional principle, that the majority
do not make a report in support of the bill; but
it seems to me clear that the reason which would
give the right of a minority to present their views
where there is a written report by the majority,
(a practice which has grown up in the Senate
within the last twenty years,) should also extend
to a case of this kind.
Further, sir, let me state one great reason why
I offered the views set forth in this paper—views
which I think address themselves fanly, certainly
to the courtesy of the Senate, if not to its sense
of propriety. I have said to you, that though
I am opposed to your policy, and think it erro-
neous, and that it will lead to no benefit to the
country, I am not a man, against a decided ma-
jority, to interpose factious objections, with a
view to annoy Senators in reference to the passage
of bills, where I know th« majority so will it.
I believe you will do me the credit to say that
such has been my course in reference to all your
practical legislation at this session; but I excepted
any bill which I supposed violated the Constitu-
tion of the United States. I have, therefore, to-
gether with my colleague on the committee, made
a short statement of the views of objection to this
bill in principle, which merely throws before the
Senate for its consideration, without any pretense
at argument, the grounds on which I suppose this
bill ought not to pass, nor anything like this bill.
I am at liberty to say, that though these views
are not signed by the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan,] he coincides in the
objection to the hill on principle.
1 think,under these circumstances, with a view
to avoid debate, which I do not desire to enter
into, in reference to this lull, when it is called up,
.with the bare statement of the general objections
to it, that I might ask from the'Senate fairly that
they should suiter the paper to be read and printed
as the views of the minority. Undoubtedly I have
a right, as a member of the Senate, to read the
paper as part of a speech; but I think that it is
but fair to a minority of the committee, on a con-
troverted question of principle, that they should
have the privilege of submitting thc-n- views where
they differ from the majority, though the major-
ity may sec fit only to report the bill, and not give
their views in supportof it. If the Senate refuse
to grant this, of course I shall read the paper
myself; but I cannot see that there can be any
objection to the other course.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chan*
begs to state that this report having been made this
morning cannot be considered except by unani-
mous consent; therefore there is no question be-
fore the Senate, exceptit be on the motion to print
the paper presented by the Senator fi^om Dela-
ware, as ex pressing the views of a minority of the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BAYARD. Does it require unanimous
consent?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill. If the
Senator makes a motion to print the paper sub-
mitted by him, that presents a question before the
Senate.
