1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
23?,
Mr. BAYARD. I make that motion.
The PRESIDENT fro tempore. Then the ques-
tion before the Senate is on the motion to print
the paper presented by the Senator from Dela-
expressing the views of a minoiuy of tile
Judiciary Committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no other dcsiie than
to geJ. clearly before the Senate what the point is.
It needs no argument. I shall be very glad to
have the attention of the Senate for five minutes,
to state what this question is. It does not involve
what is in the bill at all. A bill was passed by
the House of Representatives and sent to the Sen-
ate; it was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary; that committee have reported the bill hack
to the Senate, with a 1 ecommendation that it pass:
that is the position 111 which it comes bcf'oio the
Senate. The Sanator from Delaware comes in
this morning and asks to submit the views of the
minority of the committee. Now, for what pur-
pose? Does the Senator from Delaware want to
get his speech among the reports of the Senate ?
He can submit his views in opposition to the bill
at any time; buthe wants to make a minority re-
port from a committee against a bill, where there
is no majority lepuit and the bill is simply re-
ported back. I wish to call the attention of the
Semite to the fact that they are about to establish
a precedent by which every person upon all your
committees, who is opposed to any bill that is
before them, can write out and place in the form
of a minority report his objections to the bill,and
have them go among the reports of the Senate, to
cumber your documents, instead of giving his
views in the Senate in opposition to it.
What is the Senator tioui Delaware going to
gain? What possible advantage will he accom-
plish by persisting that, instead of stating Ins
views to the Senate, or leading them to ihe Sen-
ate, ho shall put them in the form of a niinonty
report from a committee? Will he accomplish
anything by this? Why stickle for it? It cer-
tainly is unusual. I have stated that since my
services in the Siniate began, 1 have never known
such an instance. The Sena'tor from Delaware
thinks there are such, though lie refers to none.
None has occulted within my recollection; but if
this is allowed to be done, you have established
the practice that any member of a committee may
make a minority report against anything that is
done, where theie is no majority report. I do not
think that that is a proper practice. I think we
ought not to fall into it. 1 mean by this no dis-
courtesy to the Senator from Delawaie. lJis
views will go before the Senate, and before the
country. I have now simply presented the ques-
tion to the consideiatiun of the Senate, because I
think it a bad innovation, setting a bad precedent,
to allow minority reports to come from commit-
tees, where there are'no majoiity repoits, but bills
are simply reported back, with a recommendation
that they pass. That is a repoit fiom a commit-
tee, it is" true; but it is veibal. There aie no lca-
sons given in such eases at all.
I think it would be better that we should puisue
the practice heietofote adopted of menibersgiving
their views, hut not ill the shape of minority ie-
porls under such circumstances, and ther foie I
have objected to this paper being received as a
minority report. The immediate question before
the Senate is, whether it shall be punted ' J he
question is, will you print the speech ol the Sen-
ator from Delaware? for that is what it amounts
to. It will be printed ill the Globe if he leads it,
but it would not be printed over again and go into
the public documents. That is about all 1 can
see in it; and really if the Senatoi ftom Delawaie
supposes it so hnpoitantthat his views should go
upon the public documents and be punted at the
expense of the Government, I do not knew mat
1 should feel like resisting ins k quest it it was
made for that purpose; but I do not like to make
such an innovation, and I have therefoi e raised
this objection. If the Senate has paid sufficient
attention to see what the point is, it is all 1 desire
to say uffon it.
Mr. BAYARD. If this were intended as a
speech on my part, of course I should not ask the
Senate to turn my speech into a repoit. it is not
a repoit, as 1 admitted distinctly; it is the views
of the minority. In princip'e. it is analogous lo
the practice that obtains in the British House of
Commons and the British House ot Loids.can ied
much further there; for on evei v bill which passes
there, those opposed to the bill are allowed to
state succinctly " dissentient," with the general
objections that they have to the bill. That is a
free country as well as this, a country in which
debate isfaiily allowed and earned out. That is
the universal practice, and has been the practice
m both Houses in England for more than two
hundred years. In the House of Representatives
they allow a niinori'ty report in every case. In
the Senate of the United States, we allow the
" views of the minority " to be submitted. I have
stated to the Senate that I am not able to turn to
precedents, unless I have further time to search—
I mean precedents connected with an exact case
like this—but I have endeavored to show that it
was within the principle.
The honorable Senator asks what advantage
can there be in this course if every member is to J
be allowed, whenever he is opposed to'a bill, as j
as a member of the committee that reports it, to :
put ill ail argument m opposition ? This is not i
an argument. If it is necessary, I will read it for
the information of the Senate, and they will see
that it is not. It is a general statement of objec-
tions, and no more. Suicly within the piinoiple j
that I have stated to you exists in England, and
in our own House of Representatives, in a coun-
try like ours, though the minority must submit 10
the majority, the minority ought to have aright,
in reference to legislativematters, to putsuccinctly
their objections to a measure on record. That is
the basis of it; that is the principle on which I
suppose it to be founded. 1 am perfectly aware
that, in til is or any other case, the Senate may
refuse to let the objections be stated; and, if it
weie a lom;- aigument, or a vituperative one, or
ono calculated to inllame passions, one calculated
(o ho obnoxious in the mode of argument to the
m'njonty, 3 think it probable—nay, 1 think they
would be justifiable in rejecting it; but the paper
which I have sent to the Cletk is simply a state-
ment of general objections to the principle of the
bill, in otder to bring it before the minds ot Sen-
ators, that (hey may see what are the questions
involved in it. When I find a colleague on the
commituc agreeing with me, when I state it m
the loim of dissent fiom the report of the com-
mittee, 1 think it would not be reasonable on the
part of the Senate, consistently with the charac-
ter (^f our institutions and our form of Govern-
ment, to prevent mc from doing so. If the Senate
will allow mc—I presume I have the right to do
it—in order to show that 1 am asking nothing
unreasonable, I will read what it is that I propose
to put on record; because then they can determine
more pi ope fly whether they will refuse my ic-
(jucst oi not. I have endeavored to show thatit
i* within tin1 piinnple. The motion is to printit.
1 will read the views of the minoiity of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary:
The undi'i^mned, a minority of the members of the Com-
initt"<:orj the Iu.iio:ary;to whom w,i^re!«'!!<'<l House bill No.
4.*), entitled '-An act io'defme ,ti,d puiu^Jj cerium eon^pii.i-
(•ieV, Mibnut the lohowmg objections to the pa^igc of the
InP.
The Government of the United States is a Govfrrnnent |
ot i-peei.'illy dele!Mt?<] pMveis .ami though ima-on is one ot j
the InsTlicst entm> known to th< I.i\v. it i^n political olten^e.
To <ruat-U nc;im< t i!ip abuse* wlueh m tunes ol high ex- ij
eitcuM at brut. ni the hi-toi> ot Kniihind pieviou^ to fie rev- ,,
oiutioii of too o!urn -nenhced able, vntuoii^, and j|
miKK' nf, nuni on chaue- of neat on and knuhcd otlWwM, i.
(iirifeounumed hv acts, the Con-titu'ion ot the (unfed [
Stales exprc--!\ define* the crime oi tieo>o  m the tolluw- ,
ni£ teniip: •
Art.'3, See 3 u Tie;i-.nn :i<:>imst the United States thall |
consist oniv uj lev\inn wai r-iaii'-t ihem, or in nd(jei to j
their enenees, jrivjimthom aid and eomioif ♦ ;
It iuither piovi ies tlmt •- n-> pt'r-on -hah be oonvioted of j
tt'Mson milej-s on the tiMimom oi t\> o \\ itn<^c  to ike ;
f-ame oveit act, c> oa eonie^-ion in open cuit."1' _ ;
Tne mt" U. to i est net < 'odl'i ' ui fiie erearion of nne* j
of the nature < ■ hy uu>> bill seem-, obvinn-*; lor jn nea- j
sou all ate pnnetpiK and in anv eonspnaey of tiie kind j
-tared in the bill, an o\ ett act in put -uanceoi it. pioyed hy \
l, wo yy itn< \\ on Id he I n'.W/ii ai;;un the Urn fed Platen, !
Tim-, the enation o! an oii-'iw. t e-tinn in intent ion alone. 1
without o< eit act. would t ender niiyatoty the piovision last ;
quoted, and the dooi wouM lie opened tor tho-e mhhK!i j
< ppr '• —-ion - a>'d t' I 11 < hi' *  V. IS' e j i tiiuh'l lh'i,e\ei!"Ui<Mli Ot j
poll'seal -ti u ^!"s. ha\ e -o oi'o-r (ij-aiaeed the pa; t iusjory ,
of jhe worK. Tne nnd.'isi^p-'d conceive no |iosvd)ie |
f)t je«.lii) -It fiiii.i" tiie t hiif ni lna-on L v our anee^loi-, '
and K'-ptinnji p!( ot in two witne^e- to tlie Mine ovei t ac t j
to pi• Ufv tlie eoii\teti"i> o* the aeensed. unlec^ it be to \
io«triei the pou ei of Congie^ m 'beoeation of a politn al j
crone knuhed to irt-a-on, and ciiar^cd as resting in intent \
alone, which would, if aecompamul b) an oveit act, be 1
tiea>oa.
It matu'is fiot Hint tl,  punishment pie^eiibed m the law ;
i>5 not death, but no pi s-on men t; ioi the ol the leJ!, J
though it JUJjd)t mi: efltct the !Je ol an :i:nnee!d man, 1
would give, from the uncertainly of tlie offense charged
and the proof rcquUite to sustain it, the utmost latitudo to
piof-ecuuons founded on poisoim! enmity and political ani-
mosity and the suspicions as to intention winch tifcy in-
evitably engender.
The undersigned therefore protest against the passage r>f
the bill.
This is signed by the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Powell] and by myself. There is the paper;
U states the general objections. I hope the Sen-
ate will permit me to presentit. If not,of course
one of the great objects I hnd, which was to avoid
discussion on this bill, will be frustrated. My
purpose was to present"these general objections
to the Senate, let them weigh them and compare
them with the bill, to see if they would not come
to the conclusion that it was not within theintent
of the Constitution that such ft crime should be
created. I wished the Senate also to weigh the.
effect of the creation of such a crime as conspir-
acy, which rests in intent only. It must neces-
sarily give rise to great persecution, unless human
nature, in excited times, is entirely altered from
wiiat it has been in the past history of the world.
These are my only reasons for presenting this
paper.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am very unwilling to bo
regarded as at all standing in the way of any mem-
ber presenting his views in almost any form, and
presenting them in such a way as to give them
perpetuity, if possible, and a currency with the
community more than the evanescent character of
a speech; and yet it seems to me that there is very
much weight in the objection of the Senator from
Illinois. -The attempt now made by the Senator
from Delaware strikes me as being utterly un-
precedented. There never was such a thing. I
have no doubt precedents enough can be found
for putting on the record protests, but not the pro-
test of a minority of a committee. It is.the pro-
test of those wfio are the minority in the measure
when you vote upon it. Protests of minorities
arc common—well known in parliamentary his-
tory. They have not been regatded in this coun-
try precisely in the same hght as in England,
lieie it is considered that men protest by then-
votes, and they can put their votes on record,
and the Constitution has regulated the manner in
which those votes may be recorded-by yeas and
nays.
But without discussing that, I simply wish to
have the attention of the Senate called to the pe-
culiar character of this paper. I am not a mem-
ber of the committee; I know nothing about the
bill more than what suggests itself to me from the
leading of the gentleman's protest; I haveformei
no opinion about it; I do not know whether I
shall vote for it or against it; but a report of a
minority of a committee is nothing but an ap-
pendage—a contingency to the report of thecom-
mittee. A report that is made by a majority of
a committee is not technically ever called the re-
port of the majority; it is the report of the com-
mittee. The gentleman has often said that.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 admit it.
Mr.COLLAMER. But, ex gratiaifyou please,
this body has allowed the minority of ix commit-
tee to piesont their views; only, howicver, as an
appendage to the report—apart and parcel of it—
a contingency of it, belonging to it. .Now, the
gentleman presents a thing which he can hardly
j call the repoit of the minority, because there is
' no report ot the committee to make it so; but itis
| a sort of protest, and ho claims the light to present
I it under the principle of a protest—not the protest
i of a minority of the body, against whose votes a
i measure is passed, but the pro test of a committee—
i a new thing altogether—a protest of a minority
j of a committee when the majority have made no
1 reportatnll. When a committee, to wiioma bill
| has been referred, report it back with a recom-
I mendation that it be passed, that, recommcnda-
j tion goes for nothing, because, whether the com-
! nnttee so recommend or not, when the bill is re-
i ported, the question is, wiiethei it shall be parsed
; or not. Tlie committee merely bung the bill
' back to the House. Then, in this case, the com-
1 mi I. tee havu made no repoit; they simply bring
i back tiie bill. The gentleman can find nothing in
! practice to warrant tins, unless it be the analogy
I which he suives to draw from the protest of a
! minoiity of the body, if he cannot make that a
S parallelism, I think he is utteily unprecedented
1 in wluU he attempts to do. I think the precedent
1 would be a Lad one. E\ei" member of the Senate
