1861.
-THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Johnson,] I think, had the floor on that
subject, but I do not see him in his seat now. At
any rate, I move to postpone that subject for a
short period, for the purpose of going on with the
business on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair was
about to announce that the Senator from Tennes-"*
see requested the Chair, he then being in his
seat, to state that it was not convenient for him
to address the Senate to-day; and to ask that the
special order be postponed until Friday, if that
would be satisfactory to the Senate. If there be
no'objection, that order will be made.
ORGANIZATION OF THE AHMlf.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER laid before the
Senate the following message from the House of
Representatives:
In the House of Representatives.
Resolved, That tin- bill fiom the Senate (No. 3) entitled
"An act piovidinj* tor the lmncr organization of the military
establishment," do pass with the tollowing amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Secretary to state if
that amendment strikes out all of the Senate bill,
and inserts a new bill; or whether it is simply an
amendment ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed that the amendment of the House is to
strike out the whole of the Senate bill, and to
substitute another bill in its place.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senate will not
agree to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, "Will the Senate concur in the amendment
of the House 5"
Mr. TRUMBULL. That amendment is a sub-
stitute for our bill. We do not know exactly
what it is. It occurs to me, therefore, it would
be better to lefer it to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think it should be re-
ferred.
Mr. WILSON. I hope it will not be referred.
Let it be read by the Secretary if Senators desire
information, but do not let us consume the days
of this session, that has already been prolonged
by this course of policy, by referring1 this subject
to a committee. We have had ali these things
before the body and befoie the committee, if
Senators wish for information in regatd to it, let
the House amendment be read, and then Senators
will find that what they have over and over again
voted down is contained in tliat amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I had no desire to delay
a moment by the suggestion I made to refer it to
the committee.* If the Senator from Massachu-
setts knows what the House substitute is, and
will state it to the Senate, so far as I am concerned,
I shall be entirely satisfied with that, if he does
not wish it refened. Understanding that it was
a substitute from the House, and not having any
knowledge of what it was, I desired some inform-
ation upon it, and therefore made the motion to
refer it
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the
substitute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the substitute is called for, and it will be re-
ported.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Illinois
desires me to state what the House bill is. I think
we have time enough to have the amendmcntrcad,
and then Senators will understand the whole of
it. It is m many respects the bill, as originally
introduced by myself in the Senate, reported back
from the Committee on Military Affairs, an*! voted
down and changed by the Senate, and it comes
back here from the House of Representatives in
that form. I think it had better be read. Wc
have time enough, and if Senators will give their
attention to it they will sec the difference between
our btll and the substitute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will report the amendment in full if it be the pleas-
ure of the Senate.
The Secretary:
In the House of Representatives.
Resolredi That the bill fiom the Senate (No. 3) entitled
£kAn act piovuhng toi the bcUer uigamzation ot the liuli-
t.uy establishment/' do pn--x, with the following amend-
ment.
The usual notice " to strike out the bill of the
Senate and insert the following in lieu thereof,1'
is wanting in this amendment.
Mr. WILSON. That was the reason I asked
the question of the Secretary whether this was
an amendment or a substitute. On a brief exam-
ination, I did not understand that they struck out
ali of our bill, but adopted certain amendments.
That being the case, I know no better time than
the present to proceed to consider these amend-
ments to the bill. For that purpose, I think we
had better take it up, and go on section by sec-
tion, and then we shall understand it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, the Chair will
state that, as the amendment is now reported, it
is really an addition to the bill, and would be so
considered, although evidently intended by the
House as a substitute, as it relates to the same
matter and sometimes contains the same sections.
It is therefore an informality on the part of the
House. The bill will be reported by sections, if
it is the desire of the Senate. The Secretary will
read the first section of the substitute of the
House.
The Secretary proceeded to read it.
Mr. HALE. I ask that the reading be sus-
pended, for it is impossible to understand the bill
in this way; and I move that it be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WILSON. 1 hope it will not be referre'd.
I think,we have abundance of time to act upon
it. The Senate spent three days in the consider-
ation of this bill, and discussed all these propo-
sitions. I think the Senate understand the sub-
ject; arid I have no doubt what the vote of the
Senate will be on these amendments of the House.
If Senatois go on to consider them, unless they
change their votes altogetherfrom the record they
have made, they will lejeet the amendments. I
presume they acted intelligently then, and they
will do so now.
Mr. COL LAMER. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether the House m their substitute bring
forward any new propositions that have not been
considered here > If there are any new proposi-
tions contained in the Huuso substitute, it ought
to take the usual couise, and let them be printed
and referred to the committee. If the House sub-
stitute simply contains propositions already con-
sidered, then we may act upon them at once.
Air. HALE. Mr. President, I do not want to
force the committee to consider this subject; but
it is utterly impracticable to have an understanding
and examination of this bill in the way that is
proposed. The result will be that there will not
be three men who will understand it, if you un-
dertake to go through that long bill, and read it,
and dispose of it without an examination by a
committee. You cannot get the attention of (he
Senate to it by reading it at the desk; it is utterly
impossible. Why, sir, I cannotgettheattention
of Senators now in my neighboihood, not an arm's
length from mo, and it will be utteily impossible
to get the Senate to attend to this bill. If it is a
proposition going into details, I think it ought to
be examined by the committee.
Mr. WILSON. 1 have examined the substi-
tute of the House. I do not think there arc any
new propositions m it. Howevei, let us have it
read, and we shall then see. I see no reason why
the amendment cannot be read to the Senate, and
we act undeistandin^iy upon it at once.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I do not
belong to the majority of the Senate. When I
first came into the Senate, I said, that I desired
voting—action; and 1 do ask that without discus-
sion we net upon these measures that are presented
to us. We ought to be informed and act intelli-
gently on them, and have them read and voted
upon. I fi\y that is a matter of necessary poliey.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from New Hampshire is that the
bill and amendment of the House be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WILSON. 1 think we had better disagree
to the amendments of the House and send the bill
back to the House at once. I think that would
facilitate the transaction of business.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I think that the
bill as it went to the House was more thoroughly
discussed and better understood by the membeis
of this body than any bill that has been passed at
this session. Every section of it had been thor-
oughly examined and talked about here by dif-
ferent membei s of the body, so that we all under-
stood it. For instance, the Senate agreed to strike
out those provisions in the original bill as it was
introduced which created high grade officers in
the staff. The original bill, as submitted to the
Senate, authorizes the creation of a brigadier gen-
eral in the Adjutant General's office, a brigadier
general in the engineers, and in the topographical
engineers, and the.ordnance, and so on to the dif-
ferent staff appointments. The Senate struck out
those high grade officers, and agreed to increase
the corps from below by adding to each corps an
additional number of junior officers, who, it was
believed, would be more effective and more useful
to the Government. Those officers have been
stricken out in the House of Representatives and
high grade officers substituted, as was provided in
the original bill when it was submitted to this
body. They have also stricken out some of the
most material provisions in the bill, which we
believe, or which I believe at any rate, and I think
had reason to believe, would be a vast saving to
the Treasury. They have stricken out that pro-
vision which related to commutation of subsistence
rations. They have stricken out that provision
which related to brevet pay, and have increased
all these high grade officers. These are the only
material changes between the House bill and the
Senate bill; and the question is, whether we are
going to reconsider the judgment which we ex-
pressed beforeupon those subjects, or whether we
will allow and appoint a committee of conference,
as is suggested by the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affans, and Jet them arrange it. I
think I shall follow the chairman of the commit-
tee, and vote to non-concur with the House and
adhere to the bill as we sent it to them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, to refer the bill and amendment to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING GFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the House amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
MESSAGE PROM TI1E HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
hy Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills of the Sen-
ate, with amendments; in which the concurrence
of the Senate vAs requested:
A bill (No. 20) authorizing the appointment of
an Assistant Secretary of the Navy, and fixing
the salary of the same;
A bill (No. 31) to increase the medical corps of
the Navy, and
A bill (No. 36) to provide for the construction
of one or more armored ships and floating batte-
ries.
The message further announced that the House
had also passed the bill of the Senate (No. 42)
m addition to the _"Act to authorize the employ-
ment of volunteeis to aid in enforcing the laws,
and protecting public property," appiovcd July
22, 18G1.
PAY OF SENATOR DOUGLAS.,,
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid before the
Senate the following message from the House of
Representatives:
In the IIouseof Representative, July 23,1801.
Resolved, '3'hat this Ilousc1 nw-t on its amendment dis-
agreed to hy the Senate to lCi-ohmon of the Senate (No 5)
to pa) to the widow of the late Stephen A. Douglas (lie
amount due to lum a* a Senator at the time of hi-> death,
i and a-k a eonfeienee on the disagiecing votes of' the two
i Houses thereon.
I Ordered, That Mi. Richardson, Mr. .Tu&tin s. Mor-
| rill, andMi. Lj.uman, be managers of btud conference on
| the pait of the House.
! Air. CLARK. I move that the Senate insist
! on its disagreement to the amendment of the
i House, and agree to the conference asked for by
| the House.
The motion was agreed to.
> The PRESIDING OFFICER. How shall the
l committee be organized?
| Mr. CLARK. By the Chair.
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will bo
| considered the sense of the Senate unless objected
I to.
Mr. Clark, Mr. Dixon, and Mr. Johnson of
: Tennessee, were appointed managers on the part
; of the Senate.
OKCAXIZATION 011 TIIE MARINE COUPS,
j The Seriate next pioceeded to consider the
] amendment of the House to the bill of the Senate
