1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
make the vessels efficient for the duties required
of them. The Secretary of the Treasury is to have
the power to assign any greater number of officers
than is prescribed, should the nature of the ser-
vice to which any vessel may be assigned imhis
opinion require it. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury is to have the p'owcr to direct the performance
of any service by the revenue vessels which, in
his judgment, may be necessary for the protec-
tion of the revenue. He is to have the power, at
his discretion, to dispose of any of the vessels
now belonging to the revenue marine which, in
his opinion, are unsuitable for the service,and to
substitute therefor such other vessels as the ad-
vanced naval architecture and the increased wants
of the service demand; but no expenditure is to be
incurred beyond the specific appropriation there-
for. The bill further provides that the President,
with the assent of the Secretary of the Treasury,
may transfer the steamer Harriet Lane perma-
nently to the Navy; but the cost of the steamer is
to be refunded to the appropriation " for a suit-
able steamer for a revenue cutter," and that
amount, together with the proceeds of any vessels
disposed of by authority of the act, may be applied
to the building or purchase of such other vessels
as may be required. The bill also provides that
there may be appointed such number of additional
engineers and assistant engineers as may be re-
quired by the steamers now or hereafter in the
service.
Mr. HALE. I move that the further consider-
ation of this bill be postponed until the first Mon-
day of December; and 1 will state the reason for
the motion. This is a bill that raises, if I under-
stand the chairman of the committee, somewhat
materially, the pay of these officers. It docs nut
strike me that the niesent is the time to oiigmate
such measures. When this country is putting
forth such energies as she is, and the ingenuity
and patriotism of the people are tnxed to the ut-
most extent to sustain the very life of the nation,
and we arc looking around for means to support our
armies in the field, it seems to me to be an improper
time to increase, at one swoop, the pay of this
whole corps. 1 have another objection to the bill
in its details, that is as to the matter of increasing
the naval officers; for I understand that these en-
gineers belong to the Navy Department. It seems
to me that should bo submitted to the cognizance
of the Naval Committee. .
But, sir, I am opposed to the consideration of
any such bill at this time. I do not say that the
salary of these men is not low. I do not know
1 how that is, and I do not care. All I know is,
that these places m the Marine Corps have been
sought after with gteat avidity in all past time. It
is not a very arduous duty. It is a place that is
sought for by very many, indeed, as almost all
placcs under tke Government arc. I think when
we have tried the experiment and satisfied the
country that we have a Government, and that we
have means to sustain it, and ample means, it will
b'e time enough to vote a large increase to then-
salaries; hut until then I am for devoting all the
energies of the country elsewhere.
Mr. CHANDLER, lam perfectly satisfied that
the Senator from New Hampshire does not know
anything about this matter. He says lie docs not;
and what he has said since he made that assertion
convinces me that he told the truth. He says
these position sin the Marine Corps are very much
sought after. Who talked about the Marine Corps'
Sir, the revenue service is suffering for the want
of skillful and accomplished officers. In 1836 the
pay of the revenue officers was fixed. From that
day to this no advance has been made. Captain
Faunce, who has been twenty years in command
of the Harriet Lane, receives §1,300 a year, and
no more, and no ration.
Mr. GRIMES. How long has he been in com-
mand of the Harriet Lane?
Mr. CHANDLER. I meant to say thnt he
has been twenty or thirty years in the service,
and he receives nothing but $1,200 a year. Cap-
tain Faunce is offered $2,000, or $2,500 a year to
take command of a merchant ship. You cannot
command the talent that you require in your rev-
enue service at the prices now lixed by law. If
the Senator from New Hampshire wants to go
around and pick up a set of paupers who are not
fit to command a whip, let him starve the men,
and he can have them.
^ Sir, it is the opinion of the Secretary of the
Treasury that this bill is of.vital importance to
his branch of the service, and now is the time
that it is demanded; this is the time when you want
your best men, and surely this is not the time
when you want to starve your best men. If you
want to destroy the revenue service, if you want
to destroy the efficiency of that service, refuse to
pass this bill. The Senator has perfectly satisfied
me, and I think the Senate, that he does notknow
anything.about it; and I hope therefore he will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. HALE. 1 shall always be content to live
in ignorance as long as I have so enlightened a
statesman so near me as the Senator from Mich-
igan. I will not complain, but will content myself
with remaining among those that are ignorant
and are willing to receive some instruction. The
Senator says that I do not know anything about
this revenue service; and the reason he assigns
for it is that he says I called it marine instead of
revenue. I might have made that mistake; but
it little lies in a man's mouth to set me down as
an ignoramus because I made that^nistake, when
he got up and talked about Captain Faunce com-
manding the Harriet Lane some sixteen or eigh-
teen yeais lunger than the HairietLane has been
built. I do happen to know a little about the
revenue service; I know something of the duty
that is required of it; and I will state, Mr. Presi-
dent, what the revenue service in the city of Bos-
ton is in the summer time. It consists in taking
Government officials from the custom-house and
going on pleasant excursions down off the coast
of Maine and the British Islands, fishing, making
chowder, and duties of that sort. That is what
the revenue service in that neighborhood has con-
sisted of in years past.
The Senator says that if we want ignoramuses
and paupers in the revenue service, we must not
pass this bill. This would seem to imply that
we have had nothing but ignoramuses and pau-
pers heretofore in the revenue service. I tell you,
sir, the revenue service will get along very well;
and the fact that it has retained the services of
this distinguished man who commanded the Har-
riet Lane so many years before she was built—
the fact that we have retained his services at the
piesent compensation, and the duty that is re-
quired of him, is a satisfactory argument that it
is not in such a desperate and poverty stricken
condition ns the Senator from Michigan would
represent it to be.
Now, sir, I do not want to say that these gen-
tlemen do not deserve to have their pay raised,
and I will not say it; but 1 do say now is not the
time to do it. Here is the Secretary of the Treas-
ury calling upon us, and upon the country, to
reduce all salaties ten per cent.,and lie is met by
a proposition of the Senate, if they pass this bill,
to raise the pay of this whole corps, I do not
know how much.
Mr. CHANDLER. Materially.
Mr. HALE. To raise it materially, the Sena-
tor says; and he says nowis the time. Proclaim-
ing himself so competent to instruct my ignorance,
he tells me that now, when national bankruptcy
stares us in the face, if all the energies of the
country are notput forth , and put forth willingly,
and when the Secretary is calling upon us to use
every means, and the House of Representatives
is passing bills* for direct taxation, taxing every-
thing—when the nation is straining every nerve,
and they arc calling upon us to pour forth treas-
ure from every source—now, says the enlightened
statesman from Michigan, is the appropriate time
materially to increase the salaries of this whole
corps.
Sir, I am content to walk in my own ignorance
rather than stumble in such light as that. No,
sir; I say now is not the time. However light
these salaries may have been, now is not the time
materially to advance them. I hope that the
Senate will manifest its appreciation of the cir-
cumstances and condition of the country and of
the Treasury, and of the people, by postponing
to another day such a measure as this.
Mr. CHANDLER. It was the Senator from
New Hampshire who proclaimed his profound
| ignorance; I merely indorsed his own opinion
i of himself. I certainly would never take upon
i myself to gay that he was ignorant, if lie had
; not proclaimed it. I thought he proved it; and
' herefore I admitted it.
Now, sir, he soys that the duty of the revenue
F
officers in his vicinity is to get up chowder parlies
and go off on excursions down Massachusetts
bay. I can inform him that the duties of the rev-
enue service to-day are very different from that.
If one of Jeff. Davis's privateers should appear
off the port of Portsmouth with a gun or two, he
would be glad to have an efficient revenue cutter
there under an efficient commander. Why, sir,
you pay the captain of the Harriet Lane, who is
now in command of one of your most important
ships of war, (forthat she has become,) $1,300 per
annum and no more, and no rations. You pay
the poorest commander in the Navy §2,500a year.
Is there any parity between the two cases? Now
is the time when you want to command the very
best talent in the country; and I was informed this
morning from theTreasury Departmentthat there
was need of more efficient and better officers in
the revenue service. "While you are offering these
large inducements to yournaval commanders, and
paying your lieutenants in the Navy $1,800 a year
on service, you pay your lieutenants in the rev-
enue service but nine hundred, or one thousand
dollars a year. On such terms you cannot com-
mand proper and efficient men.
We had a bill before us from which the com-
mittee asked to be discharged this morning, rais-
ing the pay of the captains of revenue cutters to
the same rate that commanders in the Navy re-
ceive. That would have added some seven or
eight hundred dollars more than we add by this
bill. The committee reported that back, and
asked to be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and then called for the consideration of this
bill; and the Secretary of the Treasury and the
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury are of opin-
ion that the sum here proposed is the lowest price
at which the highest grade of talent can be com-
manded; and it is the opinion of the committee—
I will not say unanimous, for there was one dis-
senting voice—that the Secretary is right, that the
pay established in 1836 should be advanced at the
present time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire to postpone the further consideration of this
bill until the first Monday of December next.
Mr. KING. -At the present session we are pro-
viding rather extraordinary means for the Army
and for the Navy, for the purpose of defense; and
providing agamstevils apprehended from thepub-
lic enemy. The revenue service asks in this bill
some aid in addition to the old provisions by law
for it; and I was disposed to concede—so far as
the improvement of their vessels was concerned—
to that. In committee, as the chauman states, I
thought it better not to change the pay of the offi-
cers. I am opposed to postponing this bill, as I
prefer to give to the Treasury Department the
ability to obtain new vessels if they want them,
of a stronger and better character than they have
heretofore employed. This bill provides forthat;
and 1 move to strike out that part of the bilhwhich
fixes the pay of the officers. 1 am willing to leave
them to their present pay until the regular ses-
sion of Congress; and I think it would be better
to do so.
j Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that section will
J not be stricken out.
i The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That question
| is not now before the Senate, the motion to post-
pone taking precedence.
Air. HALE. 1 am willing that the vote shall
he taken on the motion of the Senator from New
York firs*. I withdraw my motion to postpone.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New York proposes to amend the bill by
stnking out the iirst section after the cnacting
clause. .
The Secretary re*ul the first section.
Mr. CLARK, i should like to hear the re-
mainder of the bill read, if It is not long.
The other sections of the bill were read.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the first section will
not be stricken out; and being on the Committee
oil Commerce, and having given the subject some
consideration, if I should not be in danger of
coming between the belligerents on my light L
should like to explain the bill in a word, it is a
proposition, Mr. President, simply to increase the
pay of persons engaged in the revenue service.
To that proposition the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire interposes the objection that U
is no time to increase the pay of those engaged
