240.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24.
at enormous expenditure; and the miserable fruits
of this conduct of the officers are before us to-day,
, and we hang our heads in shame for it. Sir, it is
all the fault of incapacity; nothing more nor less.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I regret
very much to hear the line of argument pursued
by the Senator from Massachusetts. With due
deference to his better judgment, I submit that
this is not the time nor the hour for fault-finding.
There never was a braver army, and men never
fought better in the history of the world than the
American Army did under the stars and stripes
last Sunday. The Senator from Massachusetts
ought not to complain because men called from
the various ranks of private life cannot be gen-
erals and colonels and captains. I have no doubt
they did the best they could, and they did well.
All that can be said of them is that they were not
able to conquer twice their numbers, intrenched
in their own positions. I believe the repulse—not
the rout, the repulse—of last Sunday will do good.
It has stirred up all over this country but one
responsive feeling. We now begin to see the
magnitude of the contest 111 which we are involved;
and I believe every American citizen felt, when he
read the account of the achievements of our Army
on last Sunday, and their repulse, only a deeper
and a stronger determination that, whatever might
come, this rebellion should be put down, and
with force of arms; and I have no doubt that it
will be done.
I say, with deference to the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, it is no time now to complain
of any one, neither of the President—I see the
newspapers are carping at him; if I ever had a.ny
disposition to say a word against him, I would
not do it now—nor against the General-in-Chief,
nor any officer or man in the field. We have a
present duty to perform. It is for the future,and
we should bury the past. I shall probably vote
for the bill of the Senator from Massachusetts,
because I believe it is well to give to the com-
manding officer, to the President of the United
States, full power to deprive all incompetent offi-
cers of their commissions. Let that be done; but
at the same time, 1 do hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will not add his plajntive tone to
the general complaints through the country, but
will join with the rest of these Senators, and with
all the people of this country, in an ell'oit, without
looking to the past, to remedy the evils for the
future.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I think the
time has come, and now is, to refer to the past in
order to make improvements 111 the future. 1 do
not refer to the past by wa.y of reproaching the
President, Genoa! Scott, or any of the high offi-
cers of this Government. ) have never joined i_u
this hunt; 1 have never joined 111 this cry that
lias probably forced us pretnatmely into a con-
flict; but what I want to say is this—ami Sena-
tors may open their eyes to it, it is their duty to
do it—befoie God, to-day, 1 believe the first ami
highest duty I have to do to this country is by
legislation, and by the exercise of the powers of
this Government, to bring into the field the re-
sources of this nation, and to put the Army of
brave men that have come into the field under
skillful and competent officers. That we have
suffered in the past for the want of such ofileers
we ail know.
The Senator says our men fought bravely.
Why, sir, nobody doubts that. There were regi-
ments on that field that made attacks in a manner
that would have done credit to the Old Guaid of
Napoleon. There were acts of the most desper-
ate valor performed; but owing to unskillful
ow ing to the ui ill tness or 11 eg It ct, especially of sonic
of the company officers, and the generals and men
will tell you so, that field was made—1 will not
say it was made a lost battle • for [ luudly see how
that number of men on that field could have won
a victory—but that rout, that ignominious racc
in which some of the officers desci ted, abandoned,
and outran their men, was brought upon us by
the incompetency and misconduct of officers. I
refer to it now simply to show that we ought to
correct it. The Senator from Ohio apices w ith me
in that. Theieforel propose to clothe thePiosi-
deut with this power. That he will exo re jsen mod-
erately and. temperately I do not have a doubt: but
the knowledge that the President of the United
States lias been clothed by Congress, in tjiis emer-
gency, with this power, which lie may exercise,
will have the most salutary effect upon the officers
who are in the field, ©r who may come into the
field. WhileSenators are ready to vote money and
men, it seems to me that what is greater than all
else should not be neglected; that-we should open
our eyes to the experiencesof thelastninety days,
and let those experiences guide us in our legis-
lation, and in the administration of the Govern-
ment for the future.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I cannot
but coincide in the view of the honorable Senator
from Ohio, not about this bill, but in regard to
these remarks. "What is the difficulty here? You
call the people from their avocations at home, and
they come out, men and officers, the best they
have got, at least for aught-they know, for they
have had no trial of any of them. The militia of
the State of the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts may have been in a more advanced po-
sition; they may have had more drill at home;
but that is not the condition of the country gen-
erally. The militia of the country geneially have
had no discipline. These young gentlemen who
constitute the platoon officers havegone with their
men, and a great many of them were selected by
their men. In the presence of an enemy they did
not maneuver on the field with the skill of the
best disciplined officer; and what of it? Senators
say they were incompetent. How can they be
otherwise? Some of them since they were called
from home have not been in camp a month, some
of them not two weeks; and now you complain
that they are not skilled men, and propose a bill
for dismissing thum for want of skill. Where
are you going to get men that have skill to sup-
ply their places? Clear it is, and so is the pro-
vision of thus bill, their places must be filled by
appointments according to law; that is, they must
be appointed by authority of their own States.
These are undoubtedly volunteer militia; and the
Constitution provides expressly that they shall
be commissioned by the States; and this bill now
presented to us goes upon that ground, that when
tjieir placcs are vacated, they shall be filled ac-
cording to law—that is, theConstitution, the par-
amount law. If it be true that officers of the
militia, appointed by their States and sent with
them into the service, can be dismissed and then-
places supplied by appointments under the au-
thority of the United States, then that provision
of the Constitution goes for nothing; it secures
nothing at all.
JNow, Mr. President, I think, with the honor-
able Senator from Ohio, that it does not become
us to be finding fault with these undisciplined
young men who have just been called into the
service of their country, and have volunteered to
perform it as well as they could—as well as they
knew how. Hut, after all, I have no serious ob-
jection to this bill, provided it can be amended in
certain ways which seem to me to be necessary.
1 understand the President has, and executes
pretty freely, the power to dismiss officers from
the Army. I take it, we can clothe him with .
power, at any rate, to dismiss officers of the vol-
unteer militia from the United States service if
found incompetent or incapable or inattentive to
their duty. I think the I3resident ought to have
the power to dismiss them as he does United
Slates officers. Dismiss them from what? Dis-
miss them from the United States service—not va-
cate the commissions, because their commissions
came from State authority; and I do not believe
111 the power ot Congress to clothe the President
with authority to vacate the Slate commissions.
We may dismiss them fiom the United States
seivice; and that is all that is needed and all that
is wanted. Let them, then, be dismissed if it is
necessary, and lot their places be filled according
to law; that is, let them be appointed from the
authority that appointed the otheis svhenever they
are d'smissed.
Now, Mr. President, in order to effect this pur-
pose,! desue to move certain amendments to the
bill. In the iirst place, 1 wish the words " may
be now or hereafter," in the beginning of the bill,
stricken out, and the words "any person who
has been or bhall be " inserted. Let that part of
it be made into English. In the next-place, 1 de-
sire to have that part of it which speaks of the
officer being " properly reported " to the Pres-
ident for incapacity stricken out. I do not know
who is propeily to report—whether the colonel .
shall piopeily report the captain, or whether the I
captain and lieutenant colonel shall report the
colonel. I do not know of any authority by which
they shall be properly reported for incompetency.
I wish, therefore, to have that portion of the bill
stricken out. I want the President of the United
States to have the power to dismiss them from the
service of the United States whether anybody re-
ports them or not. In the next place, 1 desire to
have that portion of the bill stating that " the
commission of such officer shall be forthwith va-
cated, and shall be filled in accordance with ex-
isting laws," stricken out. I want it simply to
be provided that the President be empowered, for
the causes stated in the bill, to dismiss any vol-
unteer officer from the service of the United States;
and, I take it, their offices will be filled by those
competent to do it.
Mr.DOOLlTTLE, I beg to add to that amend- ■
ment:
And that until these places shall be filled, the Ooin-
mandei-m-Chief may assign other officers to peitoim their
duties.
Mr. COLLAMER. Them is no occasion for
that, because the next below in rank will take
their placcs, as a matter of course.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will not insist upon it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I objected to this bill
this morning, and I objected to it because it did
not cover the whole ground. I think the bill is
necessarily a war measure, and I wish simply to
state that my objection was that it did not em-
brace as large a field as is demanded. I shall vote
for it; but I will ask the Committee on Military
Affairs to report a bill that will embrace more.
Mr. WILSON". I am perfectly willing that
this bill should be referred to the committee. It
is plain and simple, however, and I did not think
it needed to go theie; but certainly, if nny Sena-
tor desires it, I am willing that it should be re-
ferred.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Oh, no; let us pass it
now.
Mr. WILSON. As the Senator from Ver-
mont has moved an amendment, if he desires the
bill to go to the committee, very well; but I wish
to say to him tfiat we have settled this matter,
and it is very plain what it means. If an officer
dies in the service,if the office is vacated, if he is
removed, broken, or in any way gets out of the
service, the companies elect an officer, and the
Governors of the States commission him. If he
is a field officer, the company officers will elcctbis
successor, and the Governor of his State will
commission him. That is the law we have made
this session; it is on the statute-book; and this
bill refers to that. If the President is clothed
with this power, and he exercises it in any case,
and removes a field or a company officer, his place
will be filled by the men if a company officer, and
by the company officcis if a field officer, and the
Governors of the States will give the commission.
We have made that law this session.
Mr. CLARK. That is in conflict with our'
Constitution. At any rate, you cannot enforce it.
Mr. WILSON. That is the law of the country
to-day. Whether it is constitutional or not, I
will not say; but we have made the law.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman does not
seem to understand the difficulty. The troops
which have been called out as volunteer militia,
! were,underthe laws, commissioned by theh States
1 before this act was passed, and here they are
holding their commissions by a certain teniae in
a certain way by the laws of their own States.
Now this we cannot change.
Air. WILSON. Mr. President, the Federal
Government calls for volunteers, and m some cases
the men elect their officers. In my State, they
elect their officers, and the Governor commissions
them. In some-of the States I understand the
officers arc appointed dwyctly by the Governor,
and commissioned by him. At any late, they
arc mustered into the service bearing the commis-
sions of their States; and by a law passed at this
session, if the places of those officers become
vacant, the men, if they be company officejs, may
elect them, and if they be field officers, the com-
pany officers elect the field officers, and commis-
sions are given them by their Governois. That,
is the law of the country to-day; and this bill
refers to that.
Now, sir, a word in regard to what sonic Sen-
j ators tlimk injustice towards the men. Why, sir,
i my remarks apply to a class of officeia, not to
