THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JULY 26, 1861.
New Series No. 16.
them all, nor to anything like a majority of them.
I believe the great mass of these officers to be true
men, who have done the best they could; and I
am not here to reproach them for doing the best
they could. But there is a class of men in the
field and company officers that have got into the
service, coming- from all the States, my own as
well as otheis, who arc showing every day their
incompetency; orif they are competent, that they
do not try to do their duty—men who go away
from their camps and stay two or three days.
Why, sir, the quartermaster of a regiment stayed
away recently five days from his regiment. Me
stayed in this city whilehisrcgimentwere twenty-
five or thuty miles away facing the enemy. I
have witnessed scenes of suffering in this city that
have brought sickness and death upon brave and
noble men, through the utter neglect of officers,
that have made my heart ache, and brought tears
from my eyes; and every other Senator could have
witnessed them, if he had gone among thorn. Sir,
we owe it to the brave and true men, who are
doing the best they can, and wlvo deserve our
sympathy and our support, and we owe itto our
country, to make these "men, who neglect their
duty, do their duty, or put them outof the Army.
It is a matter of humanity—a matter of patriot-
ism: and if 1 could to-day weed that class of men
out of the Army, and keep them out of the men
that are Jo be called into the field, I should per-
form a duty for humanity and for my country
such as no man of the age can do. 1 think, there-
fore, that instead of 
Mr. RICE. I should like to ask the Senator
a simple question.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. RICE. In the case of the officcr he has
named, who was absent from duty for five days,
I should like to know if it were not competent
for the other officers, or any officer of the regi-
ment, to prefer charges against him, and have
him court-martialed?
Mr. WILSON. We can have courts-martial;
but we are in this condition: we have two hun-
dred thousand men in the field; we are about to
call more; and these courts-martial, as everybody
knows, are slow ptoeesses to get along with, and
very difficult. This bill only applies to the vol-
unteers, and not to the regular Army. This is a
more swift and certain process, i do not look
to its exercise so much as to the salutary influence
it will have upon these men; making them feel
that they must perform their duty, or they will
be branded by the country, and the President
will summarily remove them frem the places they
so unworthily fill.
Mr. NESMITH. I would like to ask the
chairman of the Committee oil Military Affairs
whether that power is not already in the hands
of the President? The President has power to
strike the name of any Army officer from the
rolls of the Army. These men are mustered in
the service subject to the rules and articles of war
and the laws of the United States. Where is the
necessity, then, of passing a bill giving him a
power which he already has?
Mr. WILSON. There is some doubt about it.
I think he lias it. I will state a case that happened
recently. The commander of a regiment of men
mustered into the public service was believed to
be unfitted for his place. His officers were nearly
all against him. The Governor of his State asked
him to resign. He said, "-I will not resign, but
I will stand a court-martial.'' There is nothing
in that anyhow. It is like an impeachment of the
President. Then the Governor of the State asked
the President of the United States to remove lum
and muster him outof the service, maintaining that
he had the right to do it. Greneial Scott was con-
sulted, and he thought he had the right to do it.
I think he can do it; but he may feel a delicacy
m exercising any such power, f want to clothe
the President with that, power, so that he may ex-
ercise it at his discretion, and everybody knows
he would not exercise it as often as he ought to
do.
That is my answer to the Senator from Oregon,
16
that there may be a little doubt about the power.
It is a question that has been gravely considered.
If, however, we authorize the President to do it,
then there cannot beany doubt about it. The fact
that the law was passed would show the Presi-
dent that there was an exigency for it. I believe
it should be passed, and administered by the Pres-
ident as he ought to do it, and as I doubt not he
will do it. It will have the most salutary effect,
ami will spur these men up to do their duty, men
who believe they cannot be court-martialed, that
a court-martial cannot reach their particular case,
but who will then know that the President will
remove them unless they do their duty.
Sir, it seems to me it is a great thing fora man
to have a company or a regiment in his hands in
a crisis of this kind. I think a man who has com-
mand of a thousand men must feel that he has a
thousand precious lives in his keeping, that he
must work night and day and watch over them,
see that they are well fed, that they are well
clothed, if possible, that they arc properly cared
for in health and sickness. 1 admit that a great
portion of them have done their duty, and I am
proud to say they have done it, and will do it in
the future; but there are those who have neglected
it. If you had been about the encampments here
during the last three months, you would have
witnessed it. You will witness it in the future,
and the fruits of it we have felt to a considerable
extent, and we shall feel them more. I say, in
calling these men into the field, we want not only
men, but the most perfect and systematic organi-
zation we can have. We want all the science
and all the skill and all the fidelity that man can
give to the gteat cause in which we are engaged.
Now, sir, without any ill-will towards an^
human being in this volunteer force, withoutany
disposition to undervalue the seivic-s of any man,
even the most humble, I believe it to be our highest
duty at this time so to legislate and so to admin-
ister the laws of tlm country,as to require all the
men brought mto the field to do their whole duty.
When they are incompetent, and have proved
their utter incompetency, when they are neglect-
ful of their duty, when they spend their time about
hotels, and in a manner that is discreditable to
them peisonally, instead of being with their regi-
ments and companies doing their whole duty,
they should feel that the eye of the President of
the United States, their Commander-in-Chief, is
upon them, and if they fail to do their duty they
will be removed from the Army.
Then there is another reason, and it was clearly
stated in the committee the other day by the Sen-
ator from Kansas, [Mr. Lane,] on a proposition
to allow the men to elect their officers in the field.
It was this: the men, after they have been a few
days in the field, know their officeis; they under-
stand them well; they know each other; and if
they have an incompetent or unqualified officer
they knowif, and have no confidence in him; and
if, on account of neglect on his part, they felt hos-
tility to him, and such an officer was removed and
taken out of the company, the company would
know the fit man to put in his place. Sir, do you
believe, if these regiments had to choose their
officers now, or had to choose them even before
this late disaster, that all the present officeis would
have been reelected? Many of them would have
had to step down into the ranks or gone outof
the service, and men m the ranks bearing muskets
would have taken their places—men who show,
even as privates, their fitness for command. 1
think, therefore, that this bill would have the
effect to spur these men up to action; or if they
are removed the officers and men will now select
the best men they have got to fill their places.
Mr. GRIMES, ft is my conviction, Mr. Pres-
ident, that no measure could be introduced into
this body so well calculated to completely disor-
ganize and demoralize our Army as the measure
now under considerat'on. It occurs to me us ex-
ceedingly strange that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, if he has heretofore discovered the con-
dition of the camps about this city and on the
other side of the river, which he has represented
to have been their condition previous to the en-
gagement of last Sunday, did not propose some
sort of legislation to reach that condition of things;
that he did not introduce into the Senate some
measure that would be calculated to improve the
condition of these volunteers, for whom he now
expresses so much sympathy.
Now, sir, let us look at this matter as a prac-
tical question, and let us not be carried away by
a panic. The Senator says that we are going to
have two hundred thousand men in the field. If
so, we should have two hundred and fifty colonels.
If one of those colonels is incompetent; if he is
incapable of commanding his regiment, some offi-
cer, and there will be plenty of them—the Senate
in a bill the other day provided for the appoint-
ment of five inspectors to inspect the camps, and
see that the men are properly cared for—will
report that incompetency to the commanding offi-
cer. He will be ordered to a court-martial, and
then a subordinate officer, a lieutenant coloncl,
will take his place. If he also is incompetent,
then the major becomes the colonel, and you will
give to each of these individuals, against whom
charges are preferred, an opportunity to prove
that those charges are false. But if this bill is
adopted, you are going to create complete disor-
ganization. I apprehend these is not a regiment
about this city in which there are not some men
dissatisfied with their commanders; and what will
be the result3 Why, they will approach their
members of Congress, they will approach every
avenue to power, to try to bring political influ-
ences to bear against their commanding officers,
not by a court-martial, not through a legitimate
tribunal, but through political influences; through
these avenues that reach to the presidential man-
sion ; and you will have clique after clique in every
company and every regiment; and your whole
Army will, in the end, become dissipated and
demoralized. That will be the result.
I am opposed to this bill, also, because we ought
not to confer any such power on the President.
It is said that he will use it sparingly; that there
will be very few cases in which he will exercise •
this power. I presume it will be so. I have the
utmost confidence in the President of the United
States. I know he is a discrect, prudent, kind-
hearted, benevolent man. But we are establishing
a precedent that is to govern not him alone, but
those who may come after him; and I am unwil-
ling to say that the commander of a regiment, the
Lieutenant General of your Army, or any other
officer, shall be deposed, that he shall be stricken
down, that his character shall be forever blasted,
by the more edict of the President. As I have
said, I consider this measure better calculated to
demoralize and disorganize the Army than any
measure that could possibly be introduced into
the Senate, in my conviction; and I say, as the
representatives of the people, and as the men whose
duty it is to piotect the Army, that we ought not
to confer such a power as this upon the President.
The reputations of these men are in our keeping.
I have heard rumors against this officer and that
officer; but when they come to be investigated, I
have no doubt they proceed from some disaffec-
tion on the part of some particular men under
their command who think they have not received
that favor which they ought to have received. Let
the question be investigated; give the officer an
opportunity to be heard before you condemn him;
and do not strike him down, and blast his charac-
ter forever, by the mere edict of the President.
Mr. IvING. I suggest that this bill had better
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
where all these questions can be better considered
than in the open Senate. A bill, in my judgment,
should always be considered by a committee, if
it were only for the purpose of avoiding mere
verbiage. There are other suggestions of amend-
ment to this bill, and I hope the chairman will
consent to its reference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Poster
in the chair.) Docs the Senator make that motion?
Mr, KING. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection in the
