244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
that, in the present emergency, the President shall
appoint, before the 1st day of September next, one
pupil from each congressional district to be nom-
inated by the respective members, and ten from
the country at large.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved to amend the title by
striking out the words " and for other purposes. '
The amendment was agreed to.
The title as amended was agreed to.
Mr.SEDGWICK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to recor.sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SUPPLEMENTAL LOAN BILL.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous
consent, Senate bill No. 41, supplemental to the
loan bill passed during the present session, was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
ADDITIONAL REVENUE BILL. "
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, for the purpose of consid-
ering House bill No. 71, to provide additional
revenue.
ADDITIONAL VOLUNTEER BILL.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Before the vote is
taken on that motion, I wish to ask the gentleman
to give way, to allow me to call up Senate bill
No. 42, supplemental to the volunteer bill which
passed this House some days ago.
Mr. STEVENS. I will give way to the gen-
tleman.
On motion of Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, the
House then proceeded to the consideration of
Senate bill No. 42, in addition to "An act to
authorize the employment of volunteers to aid in
enforcing the laws, and m protecting the public
property," approved July 22, 1861.
The bill was rend a first and second time.
The bill was then read at length. It authorizes
the President of the United States to call into ser-
vice volunteers, either ns infantry, cavalry, or
artillery, to be organized as authorized by the act
of July 22, 1861, provided that the number so
called out shall not exceed five hundred thousand.
It further provides thai, the volunteers so author-
ized to bo called out shall be armed as the Presi-
dent shall direct, and shall be upon the same foot-
ing in all respects to the corps of the United Slates
Army, to be mustered into the service during the
war. It further provides that the President may,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
appoint, for such volunteer force, such number
of major generals and brigadier generals as may
in his judgment be requiied for their organiza-
tion.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
"Was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BURNETT. I must go through the form
of culling the yeas and nays upon the passage of
this bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
A It It EST OF BALTIMORE COMMISSIONERS.
Mr. BINGHAM. I appeal to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to give way to me a moment,
to enable me to report a resolution from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, which will not give rise
to debate.
Mr. STEVENS. I will give way to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. BINGHAM asked leave to report, from
the Committee on the Judiciary, the following
resolution:
Resoitcrt, That the Piesident bo requested immediately
to communicate to this Iloase, if, in lie- judgment, lint in-
compatible with the public interest, tiie giound, teasou^,
and evidence upon which the police commissioners uf Bal-
timore were arrested and are now detained as piisoneis at
Fort Meflenry.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to ask the gentle-
man if he will permit mo to offer an amendment
to that resolution i
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; I call the previous
question upon the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I object to the reso-
lution.
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well; the gentleman
has the right to do that.
Mr. BURNETT. I care nothing about the
adoption of the resolution. I withdraw my
objection.
The resolution was then received,and adopted.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES. Before the motion is put on
the motion of the gentleriian from Pennsylvania
to go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, I wish to ask the gentleman whether
it is his intention to remain in committee all day ?.
1 desire to make a report from the Committee of
Elections which will require but a short time to
dispose of.
Mr. STEVENS. I will give the gentlo^ian arij
opportunity in the course of the day.
PAY OF BALTIMORE POLICE.
Mr. STEVENS. "Before going into the Co
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, I
desire to report a bill, and put it on its passage.
There being no objection, a bill to provide for
the payment of the police organized by the Uni-
ted States for the city of Baltimore was reported
from the Committee of Ways and Means, and
read a first and second time.
The bill was rend at length. It appropriates
$100,000 for the maintenance of the police organ-
ized by the United States in the city of Baltimore;
provided that not more than $20,000 shall be ex-
pended for lhat purpose in any one month.
Mr. BURNETT. That bill, as I understand
it, as it makes an appropriation, must go to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
I make that point of order.
The SPEAKER The Chair sustains the point
of order. The bill must go to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
willidraw his objection.
Mr. BURNETT. I will, if the gentleman will
yield me the floor for ten minutes, to discuss the
bill.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will then
call the previous question, I will yield.
Mr. BURNETT. I will yield the floor to the
gentleman at the close of ten minutes. That pre-
vious question is something 1 have no fancy for.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well; then I give notice
that I will call the previous question as soon as
the gentleman has concluded.
There being 110 objection, the bill was ordered
to be consideied in tiie House.
Mr. BURNETT. This is one of the extraor-
dinary measures resulting from an extraordinary
act of this Administration. The civil authorities
of Ihe State of Maryland have been superseded
by order of the President of the United States, or
at least by the immediate order of the command-
ing general of that department, under the direction,
as he says, of the President of the United States.
A military police establishment has been organ-
ized, in violation of the express laws of one of
the sovereign States of this Confederacy, without
color or claim of legal autlioiity vested in the
Piesident of the United States, either derived
from Congress or any other power known to this
Government. This is done, following another
high-handed act of aggression upon the rights of
private citizens by taking the constituted authori-
ties of the Slate ef Maryland, without authority of
law and without probable cause, and incarcerating
them in a military fortress of the United States,
where they are deprived of their liberty upon a
suspension of the writ of habeas corpus by a gen-
eral acting under the orders of the President of
the United States, and that Piesident himself vio-
lating the Constitution of the United States, which
confeis upon Congress alone the right and author-
ity to suspend that writ. And that does not half
paint the picture. Then, when this military police
has been put into the city of Baltimore, in viola-
tion of the laws of Maryland, and without any
authority of Congress—upon the mere order of a
military commander, General Banks—when all
this has been done,.sir, then a bill is introduced
into this House asking the Congress of the Uni-
ted States to appropriate $100,000 from the public
Treasury to pay the men who have been put in
possession. My God! gentlemen, where is this
tiling to end ?
Gentlemen have again and again repeated that
we are in the midst of a revolution. We are, in-
deed, in the midst of a revolution; not only a rev-
olution against the authorities of the Federal Gov-
ernment in the southern States, which is horrible
enough for any American citizen to contemplate,
but a revolution within the Government, itself,
which is known and recognized as tfie Federal
Government. We have set at defiance the Con-
stitution of the country. Men in high places,
the Chief Magistrate of the United States himself,
has violated the plain letter of the Constitution.
He confessed, in his message to Congress, that
he had violated that Constitution; and he justi-
fied himself upon the plea of necessity. Yet, sir,
^resolutions are introduced, one after another, to
; ratify and indorse all his illegal acts and violations
of the Constitution, instead of the Representa-
tives of a free people standing up here in their
manhood and in their representative capacity,
and, high as is the Chief Magistrate of the coun-
try, bringing him to the bar of public opinion,
and there administering to him a just rebuke. I
am responsible to my country and to those who
send me here for the faithful discharge of my
obligation. Iam but a Representative. Is his
Excellency the President of the United States
exempt from censurc and rebuke at the hands of
the people ?
What is the condition of the city of Baltimore
this day ? There is a military police thete in vi-
olation of the laws of the Legislature. There is
a suspension of the acts of her commissioners,
who have been appointed properly, and who, so
far as I know, or have been able to learn, have
been faithfully discharging the duties of their of-
fice. Those commissioners, sir, are in piison
without autlioiity of law—I may say in violation
of the right of the city, and in derogation of the
sovereignty of the State of Maryland. Yet while
these acts have been done, and are continuing to
he done, the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means comes into this House—when the
well-regulated police of Baltimore has been su-
perseded by a military police, with an army at
the back of it, within the jurisdiction of a sover-
eign State of this Union—and coolly asks us to
take fioni the public Treasury $100,000 to cover
all the expenses which may have been incurred.
I tell my friends on the other side of this House
that there is a sleeping public sentiment North.
I tell you, gentlemen, that you may carry on
these acts, for there is no one here with power
enough to prevent them; but you will be held re-
sponsible for all that has been done here. You
are writing, by indorsingand ratifying the illegal
acts of this Administration, one of the saddest,
blackcst pages in the history of this country.
1 have said all I intended. I enter my protest
against this bill, and I have done.
Mr. STEVENS took the floor.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I want a moment in
which to reply to the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. STEVENS. If I were quite sure of get-
ting the floor afterwards, for the purpose of stop-
ping debate, I would do so.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will give you all the
notice I can, if you will give me the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Speaker, 1 have
desired, during this entire session of Congress, to
say a word or two to my friend from Kentucky,
[Mr. Bitrkett.] More than any other man in this
House he is responsible this day for the condition
m which the country now finds itself. When he
aided, by his counsel, advice, and cooperation,
the division of the Democratic party at Charles-
ton and Baltimore, he brought the existing sad
calamity uponthe Union. Su, X have no regard for
your position. You have stood with the Repub-
licans and have aided them in elevating Mr. Lin-
coln to the Presidency, by dividing the Demo-
cratic party; and now, sir, you make that the
pretext for breaking up this Government. I stand
here and declare that fact in the face of the nation.
