1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
It is true, sir. I understand it as well as any man
in this House or in this country.
Mr. Speaker, I do not know whether this bill
is right or wrong. I have not-heard its provisions;
I have not heard it read, nor have I critically ex-
amined its provisions. I shall vote upon the ques-
tion as the question deserves—if right, for it; if
wrong, against it; butwill the men so act who arc
standing up here day after day talking of viola-
tions of the Constitution and of the laws, while
they seem to sympathize with those who aim at
the complete destruction of our Government—
and who set all laws and obligations at defiance?
Mr. BURNETT. Will the gentleman permit
me ask him a question?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly, sir.
Mr. BURNETT. Thegcntlcman from Illinois
certainly docs not mean to do me injustice.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Of course not. I will
intentionally do no man injustice.
Mr. BURNETT. Then, when the gentleman
states that at Charleston—and I do not mean to
go into a discussion of the matter—I was engaged
m plotting to break up the Democratic party, he
states that of which he knows nothing, for, sir,
I had no agency or hand in it; and, if he will per-
mit me to say one more word, I will tell him that
when State delegations went out of the Chailes-
ton convention, I was the only man, I believe,
from any of the slave States, who went into the
hall and made a speech appealing to tliern to come
buck.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am not mistaken, Mr.
Speaker, in the position I assume. I found the
gentleman there in association and cooperation
with those who created distraction in that con-
vention, and who did ail that was done to destroy
it. 1 stand here and say that; and for what I say
I am responsible 
Mi*. BURNETT. I say this to the gentleman:
so far as responsibility is concerned, 1 never
refuse to take if.
Mr. RICHARDSON. So help me God! Iam
responsible here and everywhere for what I have
said. [Sensation and applause.]
Mr. BURNETT. So am I; here and every-
where else.
The SPEAKER. If the applause in the gal-
leries be repeated the Chair will be compelled to
have them cleared.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope they will be
cleared if they violate the order of the House.
I do not wish to push the gentleman from Ken-
tucky; I do not wish to press upon him. Sir,
that is the furthest from my motives and from my
purpose. I stand here to declare what I saw
myself.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to say this to the
gentleman from Illinois: that I will have no per-
sonal controversy with any gentleman upon this
floor. 1 have never had one, and I never intend
to have one. If the gentleman desires a personal
controversy with me, and to make a personal
issue with me, then, sir, he cannot have it here,
but he can have it anywhere else.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 say to the gentleman
from Kentucky that 1 desire no personal contro-
versy with anybody; but if anybody desires a
personal controversy with me, so help mc God!
he can have it anywhere.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a point
of ordei. I submit thai, at this time of great
public disaster, and with the enemy almost within
cannon-shot of the capital, this personal alterca-
tion does not become the dignity of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires that gen-
tlemen will preserve order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have stated to the
gentleman fumi Kentucky, as I will state to any
gentleman, that I am not in quest of personal
difficulties. I do not desire them, but I shall not
shrink from them when they arc presented. Born
in that land where it is no credit to say of a man
that he has personal courage, 1 have carried the
lessons of my childhood, learned in Kentucky, to
my home in Illinois, and I trust I will adhere to
them to the end of my days.
Mr. Speaker, I have spoken of this conspiracy
to bieak up the Democratic party and the coun-
try, and I have said that the gentleman from Ken-
tucky was in it. I know the fact, and I will not
permit him to shrink from it.
Mr. BURNETT. Let me tell the gentleman
from Illinois, once for all 
Mr. RICHARDSON. I4cno\v you were in it,
and that is enough.
The SPEAKER. Docs the gentleman yield
to the gentleman from Kentucky?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not yield. I have
one more word to say, and I want to say it to the
other side of this House. This organization of
the Breckinridge party was for the purpose of
destroying the Government. That was its pur-
pose, and its object. What do we see? Without
the aid and cooperation of the men of the North,
that party was powerless. The men from the
northern States who aided and encouraged this
organization which is in rebellion, are at the head
to-day of our Army. Butler of Massachusetts,
Dix of New York, and Patterson of Pennsylva-
nia, and Cadwalader—all of'them in this move-
ment to break down and disorganize the Demo-
cratic party and the country. Why is it? This
Douglas party furnished you one half of your
entire Army. Where is your general, where is
your man in command to-day who belongs to that
party? Why is this? Have you Republicans
sympathized with this Breckinridge party? Are
you sympathizing with them, and lending your
aid to the men who lead our armies into misfor-
tune and disgrace? I ask you to look.
I stand here to-day for the purpose of saying
one "word more. I have spoken with some feel-
ing. I have spoken with feeling because I feci,
and feel deeply. You have at the head of your
Army a man who carried your flag through the
war of 1812, and through the war with Mexico,
with a strategy unequaled. You have sought to
disgrace him; and you have sought to impair the
public confidence in him. He iought this battle
over here, which was disastrous to our Army,
against his judgment. Who caused it? You have
forced it upon him. I tell you that, unless you
rally around him, this great fighting Army at the
North, which is Democratic, will not support
you. I have no sympathy with General Scott's
political opinions—not a particle. When he was
a candidate for the Presidency, I fought against
and resisted his election with alt my power. 1
would vote against him for the Piesidency to-
morrow; but 1 tell you that when you look over
the list of all the military men of the earth, he is
the gteatesl of them all. He fought the battle of
Sunday last against his plan. The strategy of
General Scott was the finest ever seen. If he had
not been forced to precipitate our Army, he would
have won a victory without fighting a battle.
Mr. CURTIS. 1 would ask the gentleman from
Illinois, who upon this side, what American citi-
zen, has impugned the character of General Scott;
and who is not now ready and willing and anxious
to march under his banner? Who, on this side
of the House, hopes to succeed in this great war
without that general who has nevei lost a battle
in the service of his country?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will reply to the gen-
tleman from Jowa. General Greeley, who, I think,
ought to be placed at the head of all your geneials
appointed by Mr. Lincoln,and sentdown to take
Richmond, has assumed to command General
Scott and the Army. I think if we can get rid of
| such men, we shall soon get rid of this war. That
] is my opinion. I give you my opinion, and -I
charge nothing for it.
Mr. CURTIS. You cannot say that I, or that
any of my peers upon this side of the House,
disapprove of the conduct of General Scott.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have not charged the
gentleman from Iowa with assailing General Scott,
i met my friend from Iowa upon the plains of Mex-
ico; he is a soldier; a man of military education;
and he has seen the strategy of Geneial Scott in
planning those battles; and I should be amazed
to hear him question any military movement that
General Scott makes; but when I have said that
of my friend and of a few other gentlemen upon
that side of the House, I have done. Again, I
say, you have forced this battle upon General
Scott, and il has been lost bccause you have forced it
! upon him; and 1 declare before God to-day, as my
solemn conviction, that if this thing is to be per-
mitted to continue, you destroy this Government
forever. I stand here in my place and make the
declaration that, if General Scott cannot conduct
this wai,we have nobody that can. If he cannot,
| by stiategy, skill, and courage, save thisGovern-
j ment, it is impossible to save it. On this matter
! I have said all I desire to say.
Now, in reference to the bill before you, I have*
but a single^ word to say. A very erroneous idea
seems to arise in some gentlemen's mind about
the dignity and importance of States. I have said
to the President, and I say to this House, that in
my judgment all this call upon the Governors
of the States for troops is mere courtesy. It is
nothing else, and in that way you get the worst
organization you can possibly get. i My opinion
is that the President should call for companies.
He has the right to do it, in States, in counties, or
anywhere else. The General Government, to the
extent of the powers conferred by the Constitu-
tion, is supreme. The Constitution recognizes
no such thing as State sovereignty, except as
subordinate to that Constitution. When the Presi-
denicalls for troops in accordance with theConsd-
tution, he has the right to call for them anywhere,
and he has the right to move them anywhere. I
make the broad assertion here to-day, that there
is nothing in the Constitution that prevents the
President, or the Commander of our Armies, from
sending our troops anywhere in the United States.
These gentlemen talk about State sovereignty,
and the marching of troops over the soil of States,
and things of that sort. How can the Govern-
ment preserve itself unless itcan send troons any-
where within itsdominionS ? Suppose it had oc-
curred in the war of 1812 that a portion of the
country was favorable to the foreign foe: do you
mean to tell me that the Government could not
have moved troops within their lines for the pur-
pose of protecting itself? Sir, this Government,
for some purposes, is supreme. It issupremefor
the purpose of its own protection. It hasa right
to defend its capital—to defend its soil everywhere;
and if it docs not defend its capital and its soil, it
is not the Government that I am in favor of. I
will vote for a Government that can protect itself
everywhere—with its armies; with its cavalry and
its infantry. Gentlemen may refine and quibble
about these things, but when you come to the
Constitution, there is no refinement there; there
is nothing there that does not permit the Govern-
ment to send its armies everywhere for the pur-
pose of its own protection. Now, I am not going
to talk further about these things.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, Ide-
siro to saya few words in reference to some things
which have fallen from the gentleman from Illi-
nois in the course of his-remarks.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not understand thegen-
tlcraan from Illinois to yield the floor for the pur-
pose of making a speech, but merely to ask a
question.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I shall be very brief.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will yield to the gen-
tleman from Missouri for a few moments, and
then I shall soon be through.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The point to which
I desire to call the attention of the gentleman from
Illinois and of the House is, to that portion of his
remarks in which he has called in question the
present Administration for the appointment of
General Butler and General Patterson and Gen-^
eral Cadwalader and other generals belonging to
the Breckinridge party, as I understood him.
Two of those gentlemen were "appointed by the
Administration, and I believe the gentleman is
conect in saying that they supported Mr. Breck-
inridge in the last presidential contest. Bui Gen-
eral Butler camc here as a brigadier general from
the State of Massachusetts. It was the State of
Massachusetts that first conferred thathonor upon
him. He was promoted a major general for his
services in Baltimore, in putting down the mob
of the 19th of April, and for the executive ability
which he displayed m his command in Baltimore;
and as I understand, General Patterson was se-
lected upon the advice and recommendation of
General Scott himself.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Fermitmetosayaword.
I said that you had four generals appointed from
the Breckinridge party, without complaining of it,
while there had been none appointed from the
Douglas party. My complaint was not against
the appointment; but I stated the fact that four
Breckinridge generals were appointed, and no man
who supported Judge Douglas had any place.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I think there will
be a chance yet for all the Douglas men who are
qualified to be brigadier generals and major gen-
erals; and I imagine the gentleman himself would
be amongst the first and best.
