246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
Now, there is another point'in the gentleman's
remarks which I desire to notice—that in regard
to General Scott. The gentleman alleges that
General Scott was driven into this battle the other
day by some of the persons upon this side of the
House, as I understood him. Now, there has
been nothing said of General Scott here so derog-
atory to him as that which the gentleman himself
has uttered. Is he fit to command the Army of
the United States if lie can be forced into a battle
■when he is not prepared for it, and against his
own best judgment, by the outcries of outsiders,
as the gentleman has characterized them? No one
here has attempted to traduce or say aught against
General Scott, except the gentleman himself, and
he has leveled at him a charge which is derog-
atory to him in the very highest degree.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Well, I take it b*ack,
if I have. [Great laughter.]
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. If he takes it back,
I have nothing further to say upon the matter.
Mr. STEVENS. I believe the gentleman from
Illinois has done.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will conclude in about
a mmute. 1 believe the gentleman from Missouri
has taken issue with me upon the fact that Gen-
eral Scott was forced to fight this battle. I will
tell the gentleman what occurred yesterday morn-
ing in tiie presence of my friends McClernand,
Locan, and Washburne, of Illinois, and also in
the presence of the President of the United States
and the Secretary of War. I will try and repeat
what was said. General Scott said: " Sir, I am
the greatest coward in America." I rose from my
seat immediately. " Stop, sir," said he, " I will
prove it; I have fought this battle, sir, against my
judgment; I think the President of the United
'States ought to remove me to-day for doin^ it; as
God is my judge, after my superiors had determ-
ined to fight it, 1 did all m my power to make the
Army efficient. I deserve removal because I did
not stand up, when my army was not in condition
for fighting, and resistitto the last." If the gen-
tleman controverts what I say, I furnish the evi-
dence, the proof. Here are the gentlemen present
who heard this conversation, There is your Sec-
retary of War and your President. He said that
he ought tp be removed because he had fought the
battle against his judgment. I stand here to vin-
dicate him.
I am indebted to the gentleman from Missouri
for the compliment which he has passed upon
me. I desire to say for myself, that I stand
here the remains of three generations that have
fallen m battle. The bones of my father and
grandfather bleach upon the battle-fields where
they fell beneath the tlagof my country. I have
stood beneath its folds at home and abroad in the
storm of battle, and, with God's blessing, 1 will
stand beneath it to the end, and defend it with
my life against foreign or domestic foe.
Mr. WASHBURNE. As my colleague has
referred to that conversation, 1 hope he will state
to the House what the President said to General
Scott.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will state it. The
President said, " Your conversation seems to im-
ply that I forced you to fight this battle." Gen-
eral Scott then said, " I have never served a Pres-
ident who has been kinder to me than you have
been." Rut, sir, he did not relieve the Cabinet
from the imputation of having forced him to fight
this battle. He paid a compliment to President
Lincoln personally; and, Mr. Speaker, standing
here ill my place, I desire to say of Abraham
Lincoln—and I have known him from boyhood's
hour till now—if you let him alone, he is an
honest man; but I am afiaid lie has not the will
to stand up against the wily politicians who
surround him and knead him to their purposes.
Mr. STEVENS obtained the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. I appeal to the gentleman's
fairness and justice to yield me the floor for a
moment or two.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot yield any further.
My good nature has brought upon the House a
scene which they regret, and which I am sure
the gentleman must regret himself.
Mr. BURNETT. That is true. No man feels
more regret at it than I do; but I am not respons-
ible for it. I hope the gentleman will yield me
the floor for a few moments.
Mr. STEVENS. If I yield to him, I must
yield to some other gentleman to reply to linn.
Mr. BURNETT.- ^ I will say nothing that will
make it necessary.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot do it. This bill
did not require discussion; and if any gentleman
upon this side of the House had asked me to
yield, when I was about to call the previous ques-
tion, I should have refused him; but,sir,I deemed
it proper to yield to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky when I would not have granted the same
indulgence to any gentleman upon this side of
the House; because I deem it proper to give the
largest privileges to a very small minority, and
especially when that minority is founded upon
the most odious and detestable principles. It is
for this reason that I have always yielded to the
gentleman from Kentucky: that he might have
an opportunity of vindicating his principles and
his position here. But, sir, it has led to a scene
to-day which will be a warning to me in future.
I have only to say that this bill provides for the
payment of the police established in the city of
Baltimore by the commanding general of that di-
vision, and there is no other fund out of which
they can be paid; the State of Maryland having
made no provision.
Mr. MAY. Will the honorable gentleman al-
low me to say a word or two ?
Mr.'STEVENS. To ask a question.
Mr. MAY. I will limit my observations to the
consideration of the question.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh no; I do not yield for
observations.
Mr. MAY. I am the Representative of Balti-
more.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania declines to yield.
Mr. MAY. 1 hope he will allow me to be
heard upon this question.
Mr. STEVENS. I have already granted too
large on indulgence for debate.
Mr. MAY. Then I can only protest, as I do
solemnly, against the bill. It is a bill to provide
the wages of oppression.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land is not in order.
Mr. STEVENS. I was explaining this bill
and stating that it was to pay the police of Balti-
more, the establishment of which police has been
denounced by the gentleman from Kentucky. Sir,
I expected him to denounce it, and I have no ob-
jection to his doing so. Every malefactor, every
criminal, is entitled to an advocate, and just such
an advocate as has a taste for that business, or
whom he may induce to undertake his defense.
Now, sir, here is a police instituted—what for?
The chief of police was a traitor, and, if I am
rightly infouned, is so presented by the grand jury
of the city. The police board, acting with him,
have been also arrested, and are about being pros-
ecuted for the same offense. They were found■
surrounded by arms, hidden, buried, and ready
to be used against their fellow-citizens who were
loyal to this Government. They were plotting
treason, and had acted a large part of it. But,
says the gentleman, the State was notappealed to
to remove them. Sir, every one knows that the
Legislature of the State of Maryland is a Legis,la-
tuie of traitors—a rebel Legislature. Its members
are deeply imbued with the very principles that
have created this terrible war, which is pouring
forth the blood of this nation so copiously. Dors
the gentleman stand up here m the face of the
nation and complain that military law has been
proclaimed and enforced in the midst of a nest of
traitors, and in a State whose organization, with
the exception of its chief magistrate, is made up
of traitors? Would he let loose these same men
to reenact and enlarge the scenes that were en-
acted when our troops were coining to this capi-
tal at the call of the national Executive?
Mr. BURNETT. I wish to answer the gen-
tleman's question.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman has already
answered the question before I asked it.
Mr. BURNETT. No, sir; I want to answer
it categorically.
Mr.'STEVENS. I do not yield. I say, sir,
that they in this House who feel that the Govern-
ment of the United States are wrong in first estab-
lishing a police in the midst of these rebels, 111
producing order out of confusion and insurrection,
ought to vote against this bill; but no man who
believes that the lives of our citizens are properly
under the guardianship of the Government of the
United States, and that the traitors and rebels
ought to be punished for such rebellion and trea-
son, will vote against this bill. No man can be
found in this House or country, unless he comes
within the description I have mentioned, who will
venture to suggest an objection to this bill. Sir, I
call the previous question.
Mr. UPTON. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to withdraw the call for the previous
question.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot.
Mr. UPTON. I have some information perti-
nent directly to this bill, which it will not take
five minutes to state to the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I shall not open again this
Pandora's box.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read a
third time; and, being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. STEVENS moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous was seconded, and the main ques-
tion ordered.
Mr. MAY. I call for the yeas and nays on the
passage of^the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; only
eight members supporting the call.
Mr. BURNETT called for a division.
The question was taken, and the bill was
passed; there being, on a division—ayes 97, noes (j.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to-reconsider 011 the table.
■The latter motion was agreed to.
\ ADDITIONAL REVENUE BILL.
Mr. ST-fiVENS. T now renew my motion that
the rules be suspended,and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
oftheUnion. Butfirst,! move that House billNo.
71, to provide additional revenues for defraying
the expenses of Government and maintaining the
public credit, by the assessment and collection
of a direct tax and lntei nal duties, be made a spe-
cial order; and that debate on it be confined to ten
minutes.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to amend by
closing the debate in five minutes.
The amendment was agreed to; and the motion,
as amended, was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Stevens's first
motion; and it was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Blair, of
Missouri, in the chair,) and proceeded to the con-
sideration,asaspecialorder, of House billNo. 71,
to provide additional revenues for defraying the
expenses of the Government and maintaining the
public credit, by tile assessment and collection of
a direct tax and internal duties.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to dispense with the
first reading of the bill, and that it be read by sec-
tions for amendment.
The motion was agiecd to.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill by sec-
tions for amendment.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I would like to ask a
question of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means. I see that, by the fifth section,
it is provided that the assessors shall commence
to make their assessment 011 the property of in-
dividual tax-payers in Slates on the 1st of January;
and that,by section thirty-nine, it is provided that
the States may assume this tax, and pay it out of
the treasury of the State. It is provided that they
shall determine that by the 1st of January. I want
to direct the attention of the'ehairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to the propriety of
amending that, so that the time shall be extended
as late as the 1st of April, and for this reason :
Many of the State Legislatures, in New England
at least, meet in the month of January, and there-
fore it would bo impossible for them to determine
whether the tax should or should not be paid out
of the State treasury within the time specified. I
therefore suggest the propriety of amending that,
by saying the 1st of April.
"Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman has probably
not adverted to the fact that the States can assume
only that portion of the revenue that arises from
direct taxation; and that, whether they assume it
