-2-48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
swer that suggestion when I was up before, I
failed in my purpose. J intended to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Kentucky and of the
committee to the fact that the fugitive slave law,
for example, of 1793, was based upon the precisc
idea which he seems to think is a fallacy, to wit:
that*State officials, in that case justices of the
peace elected by towns, should perform the office of
United States commissioners. The question was
made, first, that that was a mere voluntary duty
imposed upon them; and secondly, that the act
was unconstitutional, because Congress went be-
yond its scope. The court, according to my rec-
ollection—and the gentleman will remember that
•as well as I do—decided that it was a voluntary
office imposed by Congress; but that, whenever
it was done and became a "duty executed, it was
regular and unexceptionable. Therefore, that
clause of the bill was open to the objection that
it was unconstitutional. So I say here.. In the
States where the Governors respond, so be it; it
is a saving exactly of so much. In the States
where the Governors, for any reason, state that
they are not Federal officials, and that this is not
a duty which can be imposed upon them, and that
therefore they decline to perform it, then I pro-
pose that the amendment shall be remodeled to
provide, in regard to those States, thar the precise
proceedings shall take place which arc now pro-
vided in the bill. Have I answered the gentle-
man's question?
Mr. BURNETT. The understanding of the
gentlemen of the acts of 1793 and 1850, and the
decision of the Supreme Court upon those acts,
and my own, do not agree.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKUNG. Not the act of
1850, for that docs not embrace the question.
Mr. BURNETT. The act of 1793 was amend-/
ed by the act of 1850. The decision of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, in the case of
the Governof of Kentucky and the Governor of
Ohio, if the gentleman will read it carefully, he
will find covers the point that the Congress of the
United States, where there is no express authority,
cannot impose upon the Governors of the States,
excepL by mete request, the power to carry out
any law of Congress.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. That is the pre-
cise point I have been endeavoring to put to the
committee. This Congress has no power to do
anything more than—as the gentleman phrases it
—by request, confer the duty upon a Governor;
but when that duty is accepted and performed by
a Governor, that act is competent; and the fact
that the law makes such a request upon them is
not an objection that the measure is unconstitu-
tional. That is what I have been endeavoring to
put to the committee.
MESSAGE JFKOM THIS SENATE-
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Pattun, one of its cleiks, notifying the
House that that body had insisted on its amend-
ments to Senate bill No. 2, to increase the pres-
ent military establishment of Hie United States,
and agreed to the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes between the two Houses; and
had appointed Messrs. Wilson, Rick, and Lank
of Kansas, as managers of said conference on its
part.
ADDITIONAL REVENUE BILL AGAIN.
Mr. COLFAX. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment pro forma, and only with a view to put a
question to the chairman of the Committee of
"Ways and Means. We all know how grave and
impoitant this bill is.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate has been ex-
hausted on the amendment.
Mr. COLFAX. Then 1 move to strike out the
last three words of the section as an amendment
to the amendment. 1 rise for the purpose of ob-
taining information. I have read the bill hastily
this morning, and therefore i may not be correct
in the inference I have drawn trom it. I infer
that there is no direct tax levied upon personal
property such as stocks, merchandise, &c. I will
state to the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, that the most odious tax of all we
can levy, is going to be the tax upon the land of
the country. That is feasible for the tax gather-
ers of the States. If you pass a bill of this char-
actor, so that a man with $100,000 worth of land
can put it into merchandise, and thereby escape
this tax, th j cry from the people will be, that they
are willing to pay direct taxation to sustain this
Government, butthey do not wantitlevied in that
way. I may be mistaken, and I have risen for
information. I think that the bill is unfortunate
if my inference is correct. I confess I should have
preferred to take the bill now with only the taxes
upon whisky, carriages, watches, and upon all
the articles recognized as luxuries. If that be
done, I think there would be found no objection
to the bill. Those luxuries ought to be taxed in
the present emergency. Let Congress at this time
tax them. The people will sustain them in it.
When we are called together next December,
if the exigencies of our financial matters and the
condition of the country require it, we can levy
a direct tax; and the country will be amply pre-
pared to expect that it will be levied. But, how-
ever much I may defer to the better judgment of
the Committee of Ways and Means, it seems to
me that we are providing for a good deal more
than we need. I know the gentleman will say
that the rebel States will not pay their propoition
of the taxes. But we have upon our banner,
among other things, "the enforcement of the
laws;'* and we expect that those States will pay
their taxes in some way. But the $30,000,000
levied, besides the other taxes levied in the latter
part of this bill, will pay the interest at seven per
cent, upon $300,000,000.
1 have made these remarks rather to throw out
suggestions to the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, than to make any technical
objection to the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose the gentleman docs
not intend to be considered as technically correct
when he sneaks of direct taxes upon personal
property.sh. direct tax, under the Constitution,<
is a tax upon leal estate. Now, we have levied
a tax upon all real estate, ' We have levied a tax
upon the various articles which aie mentioned; but
we have not gone into the question of an income
tax. That question is a large one; and in Eng-
land that system has been piacticed upon for some
time. An income tax may be the most equitable
that can be raised. It is a tax upon merchandise,
upon professions, or upon anything of that kind;
and if it is deemed advisable hereafter to levy such
a tax, it can be done; but the committee has not
advised it at this time. As to the tax upon land,
it has been levied alike upon all; and I do not see
how you can alter it. The valuation is to be made
according to the location. I do not see how you
can very well get at any other kind of property
without laying an income tax.
1 should ie iet, as much as the gentleman from
Indiana would, to raise a larger revenue than is
necessary. In the first place, the direct tax upon
the loyal States amounts to $120,000,000. After
paying the expenses of the collection, and allow-
ing something for taxes which may not be col-
lected, there will probably be $18,000,000. We
have estimated—and it is a mere estimate—that
the internal taxes will be $:28,000,000. We hope
that the revenue bill passed some days ago will
produce $20,000,000; amounting m all to nearly
$50,000,000. We cannot calculate that the tan 11
law of last year will produce this year over twenty
or twenty-live million dollars.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Do 1 understand the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to say that this tax is
levied solely upon real estate?
Mr. STEVENS. No; for there are many arti-
cles of personal property mentioned.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 refer to the direct taxes.
Mr. STEVENS. Direct taxes, properly so
called, arc levied on real estate.
Mr. LOVEJOY. What is the objection of
levying the tax upon all articles of property, as
we do in raising State taxes?
Mr. STEVENS. We propose to levy a direct
tax upon real estate, and internal taxes upon per-
sonal property of a certain character, the same as
they do in the States.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Suppose a man has bought
land, and given his note tor the same: is the holder
of the note taxed upon the note?
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir.
Mr. LOVEJOY. But the man who nominally
holds the land is taxed ?
Mr. STEVENS. The land is taxed.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I think that is unjust.
Mr. STEVENS. I think that is the practice
in all the States. 1 have never heard of a tax
being levied upon the value of land after deducting
the incumbrances. We have not proposed a tax
upon money out at interest, but we have proposed
a tax upon carriages, bank notes, and various
other articles enumerated in the bill, which the
committee considered as articles of luxury more
than anything else. But we have not proposed a
tax upon all articles of personal property—upon
windows, or upon bonds and mortgages. If the
gentleman desires a tax upon such articles, he can
propose it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I think thatdirect taxes should
be levied upon all articles that are taxed by our
States in collecting their revenue, and in the same
way. I like the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Roscoe Conklino.] I do not
think it right to tax the holder of land, and allow
the owner of the note or mortgage to escape.
Mr. STEVENS. The practice of the different
States varies much in the list of articles which are
taxed. In one State certain articles are taxed
which are not taxed in another. So there is no
such thing as uniformity. We are, therefore,
obliged to establish a uniform system, by apply-
ing the same provision to all the States. If the
gentleman thinks we have not extended the tax
sufficiently, and if he wishes to enlarge it, let him
move an amendment, and he will find votes for it.
Mr. COLFAX, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to strike out the last
six words of the amendment of the gentleman
from New York. I do not object to this bill be-
cause the tax is not laige enough, but 1 object to
the mode in which it is raised. I consider the
honest and just method is to lay the tax upon all
products alike, and compel each person to pay a
tax upon all he is worth, whether it be real or per-
sonal estate. It is not just to tax a man who
owns a farm that is worth $1,000 while you per-
mit a man who owns $1,000 of merchandise to
escape taxation. The lax should.be levied alike
upon all the property owned by the citizens of
the States.
Mr. STEVENS. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Illinois, that the amendment of the
gentleman fiom New York does not propose to
change the subjects of taxation, but simply the
mode of laying; the tax.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I am aware of that. I am
in favor of a recommittal of the bill. I think it
is objectionable to tax agricultural lands and not
tax merchandise, bank notes, bonds, and mort-
gages, &c. Hence I shall, at the proper time,
move to recommit the bill, in order that the com-
mittee may take into consideration whether the
tax should not be so levied, that every citizen of
a State shall pay according to what he is worth.
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. ASHLEY. I renew the amendment. I
agree, Mr. Chairman, in thinking that the only
proper mode for any Government to raise money
is to tax property of all kinds according to what
it is worth./But, sir, according to the Constitu-
tion, direct taxes aie to be apportioned among the
several States according to representation. Now,
the city of Ilartford, in Connecticut, had in 1844
more bank capital than the whole State of Ohio;
and if direct taxes are laid, the district lepresented
by the gentleman from Hartford will pay no more
taxes than :he district I represent. So the wealth-
lerdistricts may escape their proper proportion of
the taxes, under the provisions of this bill. But
I do not see how we can avoid it, if we adopt
duect taxation; and I would be gratified if any
memtu r of the House will answer the objection I
have made, and show mo how a bill may be framed
levying direct taxes upon real and personal prop-
erty according to its value.
• Mr.McCLERNAND. Mr. Chairman, I rise
for the purpose of opposing,pro forma, the amend-
ment olfered by the gentleman from Ohio. It is
true, as the gentleman says, that the Constitution
prescribes the rule or basis of direct taxation, and
that each State must pay an amount of direct tax-
ation in proportion to its Federal numbers; never-
theless, it does not follow that Congress, m im-
posing a direct tax, is limited to realty or land.
Congress, in the exercise of a sound discretion,
might lay a tax upon land, or on persons, or upon
both; and that is the point which I understand my
colleague to have made, in which 1 entirely con-
cur with him.
. Now, this bill is so framed that it must fall
with very heavy, if not ruinous cflect, upon the
