1861.
THE CONGRESSWMAL GLOBE.
249
great agricultural States of the West and South-
west. Their population is large, yet their capi-
tal and wealth are comparatively small. Take an
illustration. Here is the State of Rhode Island,
with about half the population of the State of
Iowa, and yet Rhode Island possesses a pecuni-
ar^ ability to pay taxes twice as large as Iowa
could pay. Connecticut, with a population greatly
smaller than thatof Ohio, is able, perhaps, to-day
to pay a larger tax than the State of Ohio. Still,
that does not touch the question. The pointmade
here is, that this tax should not be limited in its
operations; but should fall equally upon all forms
and varieties of property. 1 think that point is
well taken. I think it is worthy the considera-
tion of the House. Why should the agriculturist
be taxed for his quarter section of land, when the
man holding merchandise or bank property of
equal value is not taxed for it? Why should land
be thus burdened, and property of other sorts
exempted from taxation?
The chairman uf the Committee of Ways and
Means says that personal property is taxed. I
grant you that it is taxed, in the form of an ex-
cise, to a certain extent; but only certain selected
articles of personal property are taxed, and not
personal property of all kinds, as it ought to be.
This tax, as it is now framed, would fall almost
exclusively upon the agricultural classes. Is that
right, sir? Is it just? The man who owns $50,000
to-day in merchandise goes scot free; to-morrow,
having invested it in real estate, he is liable to be
taxed. Is there any equity in that discrimina-
tion 5 Do not all political economists tell us that
taxes imposed upon realty are the most onerous
and oppressive, and the most injurious to the
community, of all forms of taxation? And yet,
that is the character of the taxes imposed by this
bill. 1 hope the bill will bo so amended that this
tax will fall with equal effect on all kinds of prop-
erty, real and personal. Not until that is done
will it be just and equitable.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to make a suggestion
to the House. It is evident that this bill has not
been read; and I do not wonder at if, for the
printed bill was only brought in this morning,
and it is a very long bill. Wo cannot discuss it
so as to understand each other at all until gentle-
men have read it. I sec, therefore, a necessity
for the committee to rise, and let tins bill go over
until to-morrow. Gentlemen all aiound me tell
me that they have had no opportunity of reading
it; and I know they have not. I move that the
committee do now rise.
Mr. WASHBUILNE. I hope we shall go on
and consider the bill now. I do not believe it
will be read if we postpone it.
Mr. ASHLEY. I appeal to the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means to let the
bill be recommitted to his committee.
Mr. STEVENS. That cannot be done here
in the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I appeal to the
chaiiman of the Committee of Ways and Means to
let a vote he taken on the resolution which I send
to the Clerk's desk, and which will test the sense
of the committee upon this very question.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Revolved, That House bill 71 he recommitted to the Com-
nuitcj of\Vay& and Means, with induction* to amend so
to provide that the tax on leal and personal e-tate pio-
vided therein shall be levied, a^es^ed, and collected m the
scrotal States, Territones, and m the District ot Columbia,
m the same manner a  the State, tmitoual, and induct
taxes aie, by loeal law, a^ses-sed and collected th^iein.
The CHAIRMAN, That motion is not in
order.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I propose that
the committee rise, for the purpose of enabling
me to offer the resolution in the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I have moved that the com-
mittee rise; and after we go into the House the
gentleman can offer his resolution.
_ The question was taken on Mr. Stevens's mo-
tion; and it was agiced to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Blair, of Missouri, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration
the special Older, being House bill No. 71, to pro-
vide additional revenue for defraying the expenses
of Government and maintaining the public credit
by the assessment and collection of a direct tax
and internal duties, and had come to no resolution
thereon. I
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. 1 offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That House bill 71 be recommitted to the
Committee of Ways and Means, with insti uctionsto amend
so as to provide that the tax oil real and personal estate
provided therein shall be levied, assessed, and collected in
the several States, Territories, and the District of Colum-
bia, in the same manner as the State, territorial, and Dis-
trict taxes are by the local laws assessed and collected
therein.
Mr. COLFAX. I move to amend the instruc-
tions.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will first ascer-
tain if the resolution is entertained by the House.
If there be no objection, it will be received. The
Chair hears none.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I suggest to the mover of
the resolution that he make it an order that the
Committee of the Whole be discharged from the
further consideration of the bill; and that it be
recommitted to a select committee. He has a right
to make that motion without the leave of the
House.-
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I should be very
sorry to take the responsibility of moving to refer
the bill to a select committee. I think it is in the
hands of the proper committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the proper form of the motion is to discharge the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and recommit the bill, with the instructions.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I care nothing
about the form of the motion. My objectis sim-
ply to have the bill recommitted to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. COLFAX. I offer the following, in lieu
of the insti uctions proposed by my fiiend from
New York: ^
To Mnke out the direct tax of §30.000,000; and to pio- "
vide foi a tax on stocks, bomK and mortgages, money at
interest, and income tax, in addition to the otiiei personal
taxes, now piovided for m the bill.
Mr. Speaker, one single word in explanation
of that proposition. I will go with the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means or any one
else—with him who goes furthest—on this ques-
tion of taxation, just as fast as we need money;
but I think we had better, as we are going now
into a new field of experiment in taxing the peo-
ple, make haste slowly.-'\Veshould letthe people
understand that the burdens of war are to fall, in
the first place, upon those who are best able to
bear them—the wealthy men of the country^' but
if, in consequence of a continuance of the War, we
require more money, then we must come to the
direct tax which the Committee of Ways and
Means recommend. We meet again in four or
five months at furthest. I think what is suggested
now of personal tax, with that proposed by the
Committee of Ways and Means on whisky, car-
riages, watches, &c., will be suflicient for this ses-
sion. If, when next session comes, this war still
continues, and these States are still in rebellion,
and we have to go to the people and say, "You
have to give us your money, even to the last dol-
lar, to put down this revolution," you shall have
my last dollar, and the last dollar of my constit-
uents, if necessary; but do not let us take it until
we find it needed. Let us first put this burden
upon the men who are best able to bear it,
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not know
that I exactly undei stand the purport of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana. As I under-
stand it, from heaiing it read at the Cleik's desk,
it is in substance that real estate shall not be
taxed.
Mr. COLFAX. I will repeat it to the gentle-
man. The Committee of Ways and Means have
recommended a direct tax of $30,000,000, appor-
tioned among the various States—a little over ;
$20,000,000 among those States which arc ex- ■
pected to respond—and also a system of assess- [
ing and collecting the same. They also provide j
for a license tax, and a tax on whisky, beer, ale [
and porter, can iages, promissory notes, and bank ;
bills. I do not propose to interfere with these 1
taxes, but to instruct the committee to strike out
the direct tax—a large proportion of which every- 1
body knows will not he collected in the disloyal
States—and confine itself, for the present, to taxes
on stocks, on bonds, on mortgages, on money ,
paying interest, and to income tax. p
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. That is about as
I understood the gentleman. The purport of it,
then, is this: that the direct tax which is to be
realized from the taxation of real estate, is to be
suspended by the operation of the gentleman's
proposition, and put, substantially, an income
and personal-property tax in its place. Now,
what I objcct to is, that the tax should not be
exclusively levied on what is known as personal
property. 3t may seem a little strange that a
member from a western State—an agricultural
State—should be opposed to any relief from tax-
ation on real estate. But yet it will not appear
strange when it is recollected—and I wish to call
the attention of thegentleman from Indianatothe
fact—that a largo amount of the real estate in the
western country is held by non-residents. The
effect of the gentleman's proposition would be to
relieve from taxation non-residents who hold mil-
lions of property in the West, and to impose tax-
ation on the residents. A taxation on real estate,
as well as personal property, would be more just,
more equitable, more reasonable, and would fall
alike on resident and on non-resident property
hoiders,.^I want to tax the non-resident iand-\
holder—the man who has invested his money, and
who holds; property which is becoming valuable
by the efforts and energies of those who live in
the western country. I want to tax his interest
equally with the interest of those who live on
their land, and by their improvement of the coun-
try make the non-residents' investment really
valuable. I wish to equalize and make just the
taxation which is necessary to carry on the war
and to raise money for the support of the Gov-
ernment, and do not wish to screen any particu-
lar interest. Therefore I am opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. BINGHAM. If I understand the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Indiana, it is to
strike out the first section of the bill. That sec-
tion lays a direct annual tax of $30,000,000 on
the United States, and apportions it among the
several States. This tax of 030,000,000 is laid
on land and on slaves. While 1 may have no ob-
jection, Mr. Speaker, when we come to consider
that portion of the bill which relates to what the
Committee of Ways and Means are pleased to
term "internal duties"—perhaps very correctly
—to increase the number of articles or kinds of
property to be taxed under that branch of the law,
I do object to any attempt on the part of the House
here, on the mere suggestion of gentlemen, to de-
part fiom the established precedent, the estab-
lished construction,and true meaning of the terms
used in the Constitution in its grant of power to
Congress to levy and collect taxes, duties, excises,
&c. The uniform construction has been thaTflTe"]
power to levy and apportion direct taxes could bej
rightfully applied only to lands and slaves.' 1
think that this is not the time for the friends of
the country and of the Constitution to undertake
to establish a new construction,in the face of ju-
dicial construction, of the legislative construction,
and of the cotemporaneous construction given
while this very article of the Constitution was
under consideration in the national and State con-
ventions. I undeitakc to say that the uniform
construction of that clause of the Constitution is
this: that, under the head of direct taxation, as
provided form the Constitution, to be apportioned
among the several States, according to the ratio
of representation, there is nothing to be taxed ex-
cept land, tenements, and slaves as appurtenant
to land, unless it be a direct capitation tax on the
person, without respect to his jpropeity or to his
income. The provision of thil bill which is pro-
posed to be stricken out does not impose a capita-
tion tax, but it does lay a direct tax on the land
of the country. Land ought to be taxed, for it
is the basis of all the wealth of the country. If
you do not tax u, you may as well stop your war.
You may as well abandon the idea of ever rais-
ing the moneys needed to restoie the Government
of the country to its supremacy, if you are going
to exclude land from direct taxation. What is
there in the rebel States to tax butland and slaves?
The direct tax laid by the act of 1813 was im-
posed on land and slaves. This bill follows that
precedent.
I desire to call the attention of the House to
some things that have been said in this connection
touching the limitation of the words " direct tax-
ation,"as used m the Constitution. I quote from
Story on the Constitution:
<£ Sec. 9:>-2. Taxes on lands, house«3and other peimaneiit
real estate, oi on pa it* oi appurtenances thereof, have al-
