250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
ways been deemed of the same character, that is, direct
taxes.* It has been seriously doubted if, in the sense of the
Constitution, any taxes are direct taxes except those on
polls or on lands. Mr. Justice Chase, in Ilylton v. United
States, (3 Dall. R. 171,) said : 41 am inclined to think that
the direct taxes, contemplated by the Constitution, arc only
two, viz.: a capitation or poll tax simply, without regartl
to property, profession,or other circumstance, and a tax on
land. I doubt whether a tax by a general assessment of
persona! property within the United States is included
within the term, diiect tax.' Mr. Justice Patterson, in the
same case, said: 4 It is not necessary to deteimme whether
tax on the produce of land be a direct or an indirect tax.
Perhaps the immediate product ofland, in its original and
•crude state, ought to he considered as a part of the land
itself. When the produce is converted into amanufacture,
it assumes a new shape, Sec. Whether " direct taxes," in
the sense of the Constitution, comprehend any other tax
than a capitation tax, or a tax on land, is a questionable
point, &c. I never entertained a doubt that the principal,
f will not say the only, objects that the framers of the Con-
stitution contemplated as falling within the rule of appoi-
tiomnent, were a capitation tax and a tax on land.' And
he proceeded to state that the rule of apportionment, both
as regards Representatives and as regards dircct taxes, was
adopted to guard the southern States against undue impo-
sitions and oppressions in the taxing ot slaves. Mr. Justice
Iredell,in the same case, said: ' Perhaps a dnect tax, in
the sense of the Constitution, can mean nothing but a tax
•on something inseparably annexed to the soil; .something
capable of apportionment, under all such circumstances.
A land or poll *ax luay be considered of this dc&ci iptiou.
The latter is to be considered so, particularly under the
present Constitution, on account of the slaves in the youth-
em States, who give a ratio in the rcptesentation m the
proportion of three to five. Either of the.se is capable of
an apportionment. In regard to other articles, theie may
possibly be considerable doubt.5 The reasoning of the
.Federalist (Nos. 31,36) seems to lead to the same result.J}
Now, Mr. Speaker, touching the other matter
attempted to be accomplished by my cxcelicnt
friend from New York, [Mr. Roscoe Conkling,]
in the amendment which he has offered. It oc-
-currcd to mc, in reading the bill, that his end is
accomplished already by the very terms of the
bill; and I think that the object of my friend from
Indiana [Mr. Colfax] is also accomplished in the
same way; that is to say, of the direct lax of
$30,000,000, as apportioned among the several
States, by the terms of the bill, any State may
assume and pay its portion, and may collect it as
the gentleman from New York suggests, and im-
pose it upon the moneys and credits of its citizens,
as the gentleman from Indiana desires. If thj.s
bunion is not properly distributed in any State, it
will not be the fault of this bill, but the fault of
the people of the several States themselves.
The bill provides in the thirty-ninth section that
•each State may pay into the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States its quota of the direct, tax imposed by
this act for the first and any and every succeeding
year; and in consideration of such payment the
Stale will be entitled to a deduction of fifteen per
centum on the amount of such quota.
Mr. McCLERNAND. That is very true; but
.suppose the State does not pay the tax: then the
Federal Government musteolleet it; and the ques-
tion arises, on what shall the tax be assessed?
Mr. BINGIIAM. 1 have already suggested
that my objection to the motion of the gentleman
from Indiana was, because it struck out the first
sneiion of the bill, which subjects the taxable lands
in the several States hi taxation. He looks sim-
iply to raising this immense sum of money ftom
an income tux or from an excise tax. Now, m
answer to the gentleman's question, 1 say again,
i\s I have intimated before, that if, lor example,
the $2,300,000 apportioned to the Slate of Ohio
be not collected by way of an income tax as well
as by way of a tax on land, it will be the fault of
-the people of the State; because the thirty-ninth
section expressly provides that a State may assume
payment of the tax, and she may, if she does so,
provide ways ami means in lu-r own mode for j
reimbursing her own treasury. I
Mr. JJUTOHINK. I wish to state the objec- i
-fion that will be made m Ohio to assuming the j
tax. I admit that that would be the equitable j
way; because in Ohio we have endeavored to tax !
every man according to his wealth. If Ohio as- :
sumcs this debt, as perhaps she ought to, it would !
be collected out of the property of Ohio; but cap- j
itahstswill objret to such assumption for the rea-
son that, if thejHfcrc rated according to Ohio law, j
their capital will have to help to pay it; while, if ;
collectcd according to United Stales law, it will |
be exempt from it.
Mr. BINGHAM. My coll enguc does not seem i
to comprehend exactly my objection to the mo- j
tion of the gentleman from Indiana. I have said !
that I thought the first section of the bill, as far |
as I have been able to read and understand it, was 1
wise and necessary, and was demanded by the
public exigencies. His proposition is to strike out
that section. I say it ought not to be struck out;
because land constitutes one of the chief sub jects
ofdirect taxation under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and is, together with the tenements and
slaves, by uniform construction, the only source,
of direct TAXATiONunder that Constitution, save
and except a capitation tax laid without regard
to property.
Under the thirty-ninth section of this bill, there
can be no valid objection to the direct tax on land,
on the score on which objection is urged here; be-
cause it will be in the power of each State to take
care of its own interest in that respect, and to see
to it that capitalists shall pay their due propor-
tion of the amount apportioned against the State.
My colleague surely did not mean to intimate
that the. people of Ohio are not able to take care
of themselves, and to see that justice is done be-
tween man and man in raising this revenue. If
the State assumes the payment of a debt, the State
will see to it that the money is raised, and raised
properly; and the capitalists, whatever their mur-
murs may be, wi-11 be made to pay their just pro-
portion of the taxes. Gentlemen may tell mc
that I am advocating what will prove a heavy
burden upon the people of my State. Sir, the
people of my State are loyal to the Constitution
and to the Government; and they will respond
without a murmur to the first section of this bill.
They will pay promptly the $2,300,000, which is
assessed as their proportion under the dircct tax
which is laid. They esteem the Constitution as
above all price. I repeat, sir, that the people of
Ohio will see to it, although, as my colleague sug-
gests, capitalists of the State may murmur at it
—though they may roar like the "bulls of Ba~
shan "—that they shall pay their dug proportion of
the tax into the State treasury for this purpose.
What complaipt,then, is there to the first section
of this bill ?
Mr. DAWES. Do I understand the gentleman
from Ohio to state that, by this method, the State
can make a ceitain class of capital pay taxes
which would not pay if assessed by the United
States? I understand his argument to bo that
taxes cannot be hud by the United States upon
personal property.
Mr. MNUIIAM. I have not said so.
Mr. DAWKS. I understand the gentleman
from Ohio to state that to be the fact.
Mr. 1UNGHAM. I did not.
Mr. DAWES. Then it is my fault in being
dull of compiehension; for if that was not the
gentleman's statement, he has failed to make me
comprehend the point of his argument.
Mr, JilNGIIAM. I have said that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Col-
fax] is to strike out the first section of the bill,
which alone provides for direct taxes in terms.
1 have before said, and now repeat, m answer to
the suggestion of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes,] thatthe constitutional power
in Congress to lay a direct tax is, by the uniform
construction, limited to a tax upon real estate and
slaves, or upon persons. There is no power con-
ferred by the Constitution to impose direct taxes
upon persona! property. That is what I said,
and what 1 say now.
Mr. DAWES. Now, will the gentleman allow
me to say a word ?
Mr. IJINGITAM. If the gentleman wishes to
ask a question, I will yield; but not to make a
speech.
Mr. DAWES. I do not ask permission to
make a speech; I only wish to propound an in-
terrogatory in connection with the statement the
gentleman now makes. It is this: does the gen-
tleman suppose the State of Ohio can impose a
dnect tax upon a species of property which the
United States cannot tax ?
Mr. BlNGIlAM. As a direct tax?
Mr. DAW ICS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BINGIJAM. Unquestionably she can.
Mr. DAWES. If it is unconstitutional for the
United States to impose a direct tax upon prop-
erty other than real estate, has the United States
the power to place the obligation upon the State
of Ohio, and has that State the power to levy and
collect a direct tax upon property other than real
estate ?
Mr. iSINGHAM. Doesnotthcgentleman from
Massachusetts comprehend, that the law of the
Congress of the United States places no obliga-
tion upon the State of Ohio ? The bill authorizes,
but does not oblige, the State of Ohio to assume
and pay her quota of this tax. If the State does
not pay, then the Federal Government collects it;
not off the State, but off the citizens of the United
States within the State. The bill simply apportions
the tax among the several States in accordance with
the requirements of the Constitution of the United
States. That Constitution, I assert here, does not
operate upon the power of a State touching the
taxation of property within its limits, by State
laws, to raise its own revenue. That is my an-
swer to the gentleman. The people of the State
of Ohio do not derive their power to tax the prop-
erty within their own limits for the purpose of
supplying the revenues of their own treasury,
from any act of Congress, or from any provision
of the Federal Constitution. It is a power inhe-
rent in the people of the State themselves, which
abides with them, and which is exercised by their
municipal authorities, by what is sometimes called
State or municipal sovereignty, within their own
State limits—a power which in some of the States
it is not deemed necessary to provide for even by
State constitutional provision, it being acknowl-
edged as an inherent power of the people.
Mr. Speaker, I have risen not for the purpose
of raising any captious objection to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, but for
the purpose of raising objection to the amendment
of my friend from Indiana, because his amendment
contemplates an exemption of lands from direct
taxation under the bill. That provision I trust
the House will not strike out of the bill. Sir,
taxes upon lands, as well as upon moneys, is the
mode contemplated by the Constitution for rais-
ing revenue in any extraordinary emergency like
this; and I stand here to say that if that provision
which subjects the lands of the people of the Re-
public to taxation be stricken out, this Govern-
ment cannot raise the revenue necessary to carry
it through this emergency, for the reason that
you cannot obtain loans unless you provide the
ceitain means of future redemption of the princi-
pal and the present payment of the interest. You
cannot do this if you exempt from taxation the
land** of the people, the source of the nation's
wealth.
Mr. STEVENS. If I understand the object of
the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Colfax,] it is to strike out entirely that por-
tion of the bill which provides for direct taxation.
He does it upon the ground that we do not need
the money now, and that it would be odious to
tax the real estate of the country, upon which
alone, under the Constitution, direct taxes can be
imposed. Sir, let me tell the gentleman that all
taxes are odious ; and the statesman who is afraid
to meet that odium when the Constitution of the
country requires it to prevent its overthrow, is
hardly fit for these times. Does the gentleman
mean to say that we do not need the money? We
have authorized the borrowing of $250,000,000;
Our public debt already amounts to f 100,000,000;
making $350,000,000, if we can borrow the money.
Eeside the sum which we must pay for interest
on this amount, we have to meet the ordinary ex-
penses of the Government; and I ask the gentle-
man, for these ordinary and extraordinary ex-
penses of the Government during this emergency,
where is the money to come from? Where does
the gentleman find the means for meeting these
demands? He would put off the provision for six
months. Sir, by putting it off six months, you
also put it out of the power of the Government to
provide arms and munitions of war for six months;
and wn are left without means of preparation for
the great events that arc on us. There is no man
in this House at all acquainted with the financial
concerns of the Government, who docs not know
that neither the capitalists in this nor any other
country will ever lend the Government money
when it makes no provision for its redemption;
and I tell the House that, unless such provision
is made, the loans you have already authorized
will not be taken, and the Treasury will be left
without a dollar.
You have authorized the calling out of half a
million men to put down this bloody rebellion;
and when you have authorized the President to
do that, you are for faking from him the means
which arc necessary to furnish them for the field.
I do not understand what the gentleman means*
