1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
251
Does he not expect that Congress will provide
the necessary appropriations for the pay and
equipment of the troops ? Must we take from the
Government ail means of negotiating this loan ?
If this $30,000,000 is to be stricken out, $20,000,000
of it to come from the free States, then we will
have left the internal tax, which cannot produce
over §10,000,000. That, added to the revenue bill
we have already brought in, and to the ordinary
revenues of the Government, cannot produce
enough to defray what were the ordinary ex-
penses of the Government before this war arose,
and to pay the interest on the public debt. It is
as much as to say, when you have stricken down
that provision, you have stricken down all the
appropriations for this war. You have paralyzed
the efforts of the Government. After you have
ordered them to do certain things, you have taken
away the means of doing it.
Now, the gentleman does not expect, I sup-
pose , that this war is only to last for a few months,
and that we will not need this money. Fie does
not expect that it will cease of itself. I look upon
it, as J have looked upon it ever since these States
went deliberately into treason, as one which will
be a protracted and bloody war. Some gentle-
men have an idea that our enemies, being rebels,
will surrender—will succumb in the course of a
few months, and with little expense, and that
they will not fight the battle they have under-
taken. 1 flatter myself with no such hope. I be-
lieve that the battles which are to be fought are
to be desperate and bloody battles; and that they
are to be numerous. I believe that many thou-
sand valuable lives will be lost, and that millions
of money will be expended. The only question
is, whether this Government is piopared to meet
all these perils, and wi overcome them. If they
are, they mustsubmit to taxes which are burden-
some; which the people, I know, at any other
time, would not submit to for a moment; but
which I believe they will now submit to. I ob-
ject to the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Colfax] altogether.
As to the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Roscoe Conkling,] if he could
put it into the shape of an inquiry into the pro-
priety of doing so, instead of an absolute order to
do it now, when I do not think the House is
ready to give that construction, I should not ob-
ject to it. I have no objection to an inquiry into
anything which the House may desire to have
inquired into. If, on inquiry, some mode may be
found of accomplishing what the gentleman from
New York desires, then it can be presented to
the House for its action.
MESSAGE EKOM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had insisted on its disagree-
ment to the amendment of the House to joint
resolution of the Senate (No. 5) to pay the widow
of the late Stephen A. Douglas the amount due to
him as Senator at the time of his death; and had
agreed to a committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing vutes of the two Hou&es, and had ap-
pointed Messrs. Claiik, Dixon, and Johnson of
Tennessee, managers of said conference on its
part.
Also, that the Senate had disagreed to the
amendments of the House to bills of the Senate
of the following titles:
An act (No. 3) to provide for the better organ-
ization of the military establishment;
An act (No. 20) authorizing the appointment
of an Assistant Secretary of the Navy and fix-
ing the salary of the same, and for other pur-
poses; and
An act (No. 31) to increase the medical corps
of the Navy, and for other purposes.
Also, that the Senate had concurred in the-
amendments of the House to Senate bill No. 14,
for the better organization of the Marine Corps.
ADDITIONAL REVENUE AGAIN. ;
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I understand tftc
object of the amendment of the gontlgman from
New York [Mi. Roscoe Conkling] to be to ad-
mit of a collection of taxes by the State author-
ities. Lot me inquire whether the States which
so desire may not avoid the expense of additional
officers by making the advances provided for in
the thirty-ninth section? Is not the object of the
gentleman from New York substantially accom-
plished by the bill as it now stands?
Mr. STEVENS. I think not. So far as the
direct taxes are concerned, it is provided that the
States may assume them without any machinery;
but those taxes are contradistinguished from the
.internal taxes. That section does not provide
for the latter.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Have the committee
had under consideration the propriety of assess-
ing an ad valorem tax upon all property where
that tax may be assessed? Direct taxes will be
levied according to population. I understand
the constitutional rule to be that when you come
to levy a tax, not direct, it shall be assessed ac-
cording to the value of the property of the citi-
zens of the several States.
Mr. STEVENS. Congress has no constitu-
tional power to assess taxes upon a State. It
must assess it upon the individual There is no
mode of ascertaining the value of the personal
property pointed out by the Constitution; and this
machinery is for the purpose of ascertaining that
fact; and it is the only mode I know of which is
within the efficient control of Congress. If we
knew how much each State possessed of personal
property, if we knew the valuation of it, we might
then give the States the opportunity of paying
upon that and dispensing with this machinery.
There is no mode by which that can be ascertained
that I know of, and can be enforced, except the
one now suggested. But I have no objection to
inquiring into the expediency of adopting any
other mode.
Mr. PIKE. Has the chairman or committee
made any estimate of the amount of an income
tax ?
Mr. STEVENS. Wc have not had our atten-
tion turned to it.
Mr. COLFAX. I agree with nearly everything
the chairman of the committee has said, and I am
perfectly willing to go as far as any one in raising
men and money for the pmpose of putting down
this wicked and unholy rebellion; but I wish now
to call his attention to the second section of his
bill, which provides that this machinery shall not
go into effect until the next session of Congress.
The appointment of the assessors is not to be
made before then. This law, if it passes, will
remain perfectly stagnant until then.
Mr. STEVENS. It absolutely provides for
the $30,000,000 of taxes. Wc pledge ourselves
to that for those who loan us the money wo ask.
Mr. COLFAX. The bill is so framed that cap-
italists will understand that it will remain idle
until next December. If these taxes are deemed
necessary now, this bill should go into operation
immediately. These assessors should be ap-
pointed and sent out to do their work, so that this
money shall be raised as promptly as possible to
sustain the credit of the country. If, however,
we can wait for the appointment of assessors
until next December, we can wait until then to
pass this bill. I am perfectly willing to agree to
the motion of the gentleman from New York, to
recommit this bill. 1 am willing to change my
instructions so as to meet the suggestion of the
chamnan, that the committee shall inquire into
the expediency of these things. My object is the
same as his. If it bo necessary to rai.se £20,000,000,
or £30,000,000,or ^40,000,000, or even $30,000,000,
by direct taxation, 1 will go with him as readily
as any man here to raise it. When I saw the bill
provided that it shall not go into operation before
December next, I deemed it proper to make the
suggestion I have. If we put the bill oif until the
next session, we will, I think, be then able to act
more intelligently on these subjects.
Mr. WIUGIIT. I concur most fully in the
remarks made by the gentleman from Indiana,
and I take this occasion to make an appeal to my
worthy friend, the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, not at this time to press upon
the country this question of direct taxation, which,
of all others, should be avoided if it can be. Now
th*1 bills which we have passed authorizing loans
to be made, and authoiizmg the issue of Treasury
notes, certainly make every provision for any
contingency which can possibly arise between
this time and the next session of Congress.
Now, I agree with the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, and also with the gentleman from Indi-
ana, and am willing to go with them, whenever it
becomes an absolute necessity, to any extent, in
reference to the raising of money in order to put
down this rebellion. I pledge them to do it; but
at the same time, it seems to me, that in the fe-
verish condition of the country, after we have in*-
posed taxes upon a great many luxuries, as well
as necessaries of life, this would be pushing the
thing in hot haste; and it may affect disastrously
that patriotism and liberality which has led the
people to subscribe the men and money which it
is absolutely necessary to possess at all times.
Now, let me appeal to the gentlemen to postpone
the consideration of this bill until we meet here
again. As has already been said, the provisions
of the bill do not take effect until after that time.
And, then, why is it necessary to send forth to
the country the proposition of direct taxation
when the attention of the country should be con-
centrated upon a more important matter ? If there
is any one thing of more importance than another,
at this period of time, it is u'nion of opinion and
sentiment among the loyal men of the United
States. If the levying of direct taxes at this time
will prevent such union of sentiment and opinion,
there is no one but will see that it is the worst
policy that could be adopted. I ask the gentle-
man, therefore, as a friend of this Government
and the Union, to postpone the consideration of
this question until those momentous matters which
we have on hand shall be terminated one way or
the other—fortunately, in the name of God, I hope.
Before resuming my seat, I move to postpone the
consideration of this bill until the next meeting of
Congress.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Patton,
one of their clerks, announced that the House had
passed the following bill and resolution; in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House:
A resolution (No. 9) relative to the exhibition
of the industry of all nations, to be held in Lon-
don, in the year 1862; and
An act to provide for the holding of the district
and circuit courts in judicial districts during a
temporary vacancy of the judgeship.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I move that the resolution
of the Senate just received be referred to the Com-
mittee on Manufactures. I make the motion be-
cause the message of the President upon that sub-
ject has been refeired to that committee, and the
committee now have it under consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled "An act to refund duties on
arms imported by the States;" when the Speaker
signed the same.
ADDITIONAL REVENUE BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. PIKE. I am opposed to a postponement,
because I think we ought to consider the question
of taxation now. But the suggestions of the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Colfax] do not ob-
viate the objections to this bill. The trouble in
this bill is in the apportionment of the amount to
be raised—in apportioning the £30,000,000_ ac-
cording to the population of the country, irre-
spective of its wealth. We hnvr already, at the
suggestion of the Committee of Ways and Means,
assessed a tax of $30,000,000—according to their
estimate—per capita, upon the country. We have
voted a tax upon t<aa, sugar, coffee, and molasses,
which, in its results, comes as near a per capita
tax as any that can be assessed. The proposition
now is to assess an additional tax of £30,000,000.
My idea about the matter is, that smec wc have
provided for £30,000,000 in proportion to numbers
simply, the next £30,000,000 of this extraordinary
taxation should be levied upon the property of the
country.
Now, it is objected by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] that we have no constitutional
power to assess a tax upon personal property.
Very well. That provision of the Constitution ap-
plies to the assessment of direct taxes, co nomine,
upon the States. Now, my proposition, wluch I
submit to the consideration of the Committee of
Ways and Means, is fo assess such a tax as shall
affect not only real property, but personal prop-
erty. And still further, that it shall affect prop-
erty only; and still further, following the exam-
ple of the English income tax, that it shall affect
