252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
property held not only by_ people in this country,
but by people abroad. It is very well known that
English income tax, which is now seven pence
on the pound on incomes exceeding .€150, pro-
duces a large sum. The public debt of Great Brit-
ain, whether held at home or abroad, is assessed,
Imd the governors and directors of the Bank of
England are made commissioners for the purpose
of collecting that tax; as also are the directors of
the South Sea Company made commissioners for
collecting the tax upon the bonds and indemnities
of the South Sea Company. So of the managers
of other corporations. If we levy an income tax
of ten per cent., according to the recommendation
of the Secretary of the Treasury, it will give us
a large revenue from the officials. But let it go
further. A tax upon incomes arising from estates,
and from personal property, is assessed as directly
upon the property of the country as any tax can
possibly be. You-have, then, this advantage
from an income tax; you have it upon real estate
and upon personal property.
There is also this further advantage: a large
amount of the indebtedness of the States, and of
the railroads of the country, is owned abroad—
the greater portion in Great Britain. Lot us make
those persons who control that property help
carry on this war. If five percent, is not sufficient
to give the requisite amount, make it ten; and if
ten is insufficient, make it fifteen. By means of
tables which can be readily furnished, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means can estimate, with
some considerable degree of correctness, the ne-
cessary tax to be assessed.
According to this bill of the Committee of Ways
and Means, a dollar a head is assessed upon the
population of the country. Rhode Island is as-
sessed $175,000; but I have no doubt that if the
assessment was made according to property Rhode
Island would pay four times the sum per head that
Wisconsin would pay, and perhaps live or six
times as much as Kansas would pay; and the same
disproportion of population and wealth exists
elsewhere. Having already assessed the people
of Kansas, Wisconsin, Maine, and other of the
comparatively less wealthy States per capita for
their proportion of the $30,000,000 upon tea and
coffee, it is unfair to assess in the same manner
another $30,000,000, when we have the ready and
fair way of raising that sum, by an incomc tax
upon real and personal estate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The State from
which I eome is perhaps as much opposed to a direct
tax os any other State in the Union. But, sir, they
prefer a direct tax to giving up this Government.
If that is the alternative, they will not hesitate
which to choose.
These side motions and Hank movements to de-
feat the bill, instead of a square vote to postpone
it, in order that we may do nothing, are m effect
the same as any motion would bo to kill the bill.
Now, Mr. Speaker, unless we pass this bill, or
something equivalent, our entire meeting at tins
session of Congress will have been for nothing.
We have come here and made a gig.uUic brag,
and yet, when we are called upon now to (ace the
battery of direct taxation, we arc to retreat, it is
utter folly to suppose that we have given the Gov-
ernment $500,000,000, or any number of millions
of dollars, and five hundred thousand or three
hundred thousand troops, unless we supply the
sinews of war—the means of raising the money
to bring the men into the field. You may au-
thorize a loan; but you cannot get capitalists to
lend their money unless you give them satisfac-
tory security. It is not the rate of interest you
mean to pay that draws out capital, but it is the
rock-bottom security that capitalists are going to
be paid the interest punctually and their principal
when due. Now, in relation to the bill. As the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike] has suggested, !
1 think it would be well if it went even further,
and embraced other items for taxation; but let us
take Jt as good as tar as it goes. I have no doubt
we shall quite early enough come to the question
of an income tax, and some other items which I
should be willing to see embraced in this bill; but
I question very much whethei thereby we should
secure more votes. We want to puss something
now promptly; something that will enable the i
Secretary of the Treasury to negotiate a loan; and
if we stand here afhl higgle about this bill, that it
is not exactly right in this thing and that thing,
and take off a cheese-paring here and a cheese-
paring there, and finally end in a disagreement or
postponement, in my judgment, the Secretary
of the Treasury will not be able to negotiate a
single dollar—not a dollar.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I hardly think the discus-
sion should be confined in so narrow a space as
at present it is with the motion to postpone hang-
ing over us. I want to sec gentlemen brought to
a direct vote, whether they are willing to supply
means for the Administration to prosecute this
war, or whether they will proclaim, in the face
of the enemy, that the troops arc to be withdrawn
from this capital; for a postponement of this bill—
a failure to pass it—will be in fact a proclama-
tion that we are to abandon the capital, and that
very soon. I move the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion to postpone the further consideration of the
bill until December next. The previous question
will exhaust itself on that motion.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Is it in order to
move to suspend hostilities in the mean time?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion to postpone.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 43, nays 88; as follows:
YEAS—Mcssis. Allen, Ancona, Joseph Baily, George II.
Btowne, Burnett, Cooper, Cox, Cravens, Cuslield, Ciit-
tcmlcn, English, Fisher, Gridei, Ilaicht,Unidiup:, Holman,
Jackson, Johnson, Law, Leary, Logan, Menzie.*, Noble,
Noiton, Nu«cn, George II. Pendleton, Reid, IUchaid-on,
Robinson, James S. Rollins, Smith, William G. Steele,
Valhuuhaham, Vandevei, Vibbanl, Vooihees, Wad-woith,
Waul, Web-tei, Wlmlcy, Chilton A. White, Wickhfle,
and Wucht—43.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Allev, Arnold, Babbitt, Gold-
smith F. Bailey, Baker, Baxter. Jieaman, Bingham, Sam-
uel S. Blau, Blake, Bufiimon, Calveit, Campbell, Cham-
berlain j Col tax, Roscoe Conklunr. Con way, Coining, Cutlei,
Davi. , Dawes, Delano, Diven, Dunn, Ed^erton, Fdwaid<=,
Shot, Feat on,Fessenden,Fonke, Fianchot,Fiank,Gooch,
Goodwin, Gi anger, Hale, Ilarichett, Ilari^on, Hot ton,
ihuelmib, Julian, ICeliey, Francis VV, Kellogg, William
Kellogg, Lansing, Lehman, Loomis, Lovejoy, MeCIer-
nand, McKean, McKmght, MePherson, Mitchell, Moor-
head, Anson V. Moirill, Justin S. Morrill, Pike, Pomeroy,
Porter, Potter, Alexandei II. Rice, John H. Rice. Kiddle,
.Sedgwick, Shanks, Shellield, Sheliabarger, Sherman,
Sloan, Stevens, Stratton, Tiam, Trow blidge, Upton, Van
IJoni, Van Valkenbiirgh, Vctrce, Wall, Wallace, Chailes
W Walton, E j1. Walton, Wasbburne, Wheeler, Albert
S. White, Wnulom, Woodiuff,and Worec^ter—88.
So the House refused to postpone the consid-
eration of the bill.
During the rnll,
Mr. RIDDLE stated that Mr. Trimble was ill
at his room.
Mr. UPTON stated that his colleague, Mr.
T)itown, came here an invalid when the session
was somewhat advanced, and was compelled to
return to his home in Virginia on Saturday last.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded, the question recurred on the
amendment pioposed by Mr. Colfax to the res-
olution offered by Mr. Roscoe Conklixg.
Mr. BLAlvE. I offer the following as an
amendment to the amendment:
That the bill be recommitted to the Committee of Ways
and Mean*, with insti actions to strike out all after the en-
acting clause ofthc bill, and insert a provision authorizing
the Seeretai) of the Treasuiy to issue Tieasnry notes to the
amount ot $50,000,000, in denominations of five dollars and
upwards, bearing interest at the late ot three per cent, per
annum.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF TIIE NAVY.
On motion ofMr. SEDGWICK, by unanimous
consent, the House insisted upon its amendments
to Senate bill No. 20, to authorize the appoint-
ment of an Assistant Secretary of the Navy and
fixing the salary of the same, and for other pur-
poses, and asked for a committee of conference
on the disagiceing votes of the two Houses.
MKDrCAL CORPS OF TIIE NAVY.
On motion of Mr. SEDGWICK, also, by unan-
imous consent, the House insisted on its amend-
ments to Senate bill No. 31, to increase the med-
ical corps of the Navy and for other purposes,
and asked for a committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
Amessagefrom the Senate, by Mr. Patton, one
of their clerks, announced that the Senate insisted
on its amendments, disagreed to by the House, to
the bill of the House making additional appropri-
ations for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1862, and appropriations of arrearages
for the year ending June 30, 1861, and agreed to
the conference asked by the House; and had
appointed Messrs. Fessenden, Sherman, and
Latham the committee on the part of the Senate.
INCREASED REVENUE BILL.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the resolution submitted by Mr. Roscoe Conic-
ling in relation to the bill to provide additional
revenue for defraying the expenses of the Govern-
ment and maintaining the public credit by the as-
sessment of a direct tax and internal duties, and
the amendments pending thereto.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Is it too late to make a
question of order on the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Blake?]
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I make the point
of order that it is not in order as an amendment
to this bill. It is a proposition to issue shin-
plasters.
The SPEAKER. The amendment proposes
to instruct the Committee of Ways and Means
to do what the House itself could not do, and the
Chair therefore sustains the point of order. The
House could not strike out the bill, and insert
such a one as that.
The question recurred on Mr. Colfax's amend-
ment. ^
Mr. COLFAX modifieuffthc same., so as to
make it directory to the Committee of Ways and
Means " to inquire into the expediency," &c.
Mr. McCLERNAND demanded the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes thirty,
noes not counted.
The question recurred on the resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Roscoe Conkling; and which was
read, as follows:
Resolved, Thai tho Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union he dt-chargcd iiom the turthei consideiatiou
of the House hilt No. 71; and thai the &ame be recommitted
to tin* Committee of VVaj^ and Means-, wnh Inductions to
inquite into the expediency of <n amending it as to provide
that the tax on real and personal estate provided therein
shall ho levied, assessed, and collected m the several States,
Temtoiics, and tho District of Columbia, m the ?ame man-
ner as the State, tenitorial, and District taxes arc by local
laws assessed and collected therein.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Roscoe Conk-
ling's resolution; and it was decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 70, nays G1; as follows:
YEAS—Mp^ih. Aldueh, Allen. Alley, Ancona, Ashley,
Jo-eph Baih, Beamati, Fiancis P. Blast, Gcoige II Btowne,
Buflmton, Calvert, Chamheilam, Cobb, Colfax, Roseoo
Conklmg, Conway. Cooper, Cox, Craven-, Ciittenden,
Cuius, Dunlap, Dunn, Engli>h, Gudei, Gurley, llaight,
Hale, Ilnnchett, Hatdtng, Holman, Johnson, William Kel-
logg, Law, Leaiv, Lehman, Logan, MeCleinnnd,McKean,
MePheison, Malloi>, Menzies, Mitchell, Morns, Noble,
Noiton, JVugen, Odell, Gcoigo IJ. 1'endleton, Porter, Rob-
inson. Edwatd H Rolling James S Rollms, Sedgwick,
Shank-, Smith, William G. Steele, Vallandigham, Vande-
ver, Vibbatd, Voorhee.-, Wacl-woUh, Waul, Web-ter,
Whaloy, Chilton A. White, Wicklilfe, Woodiufl, Wor-
cester and Wright—"0
NAYS—Me-bit.. Babbitt. Baker, Baxtei. Bingham, Sam-
uel Blair, Blake, Burnett, Campnell, C'laik, (Joining,
i Cn-fioJd, Cutlet. Davi-. D.uv<:<, Delano, Diven, Edgeiton,
! Edwaids Eliot, Fenton, Fouke. Fianehot, Gooch, Good-
I \vin,Gi anger, fJan i-.on, Iloiton, Hutch ins, Jackson, J ulian,
j Kelhy, Fiances W. Kellogg, Loomis, Lovejov, Moorhead,
- An-'Ji'i P. MoiuIJ, .Tu.-tin S. Monti!, Olin. I'ike, Potneioy,
' Pottei, Ale\-ati(loj II. Itiee, John II. liiee, Kiddle, Shellield,
Sheliabargei, Sherman, Spauhlin/,', .-Dimen-, Stratton,
Tiam, Tiowbridger Dpton, Van limn, Van Valkenbmgh,
Venee, Wailaee, Chailes W. Walton, E. P. Walton,
Wa&hburne, and Albeit S. White—61.
So the icsolution was agreed to.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was agreed to;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsidcr
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FIIOM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one ofits clerks, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed, without amendment,
