1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
There is not a man living on the face of the
globe who has any experience in events of the
magnitude we are considering; and I shall cheer-
fully stay here till I spell every word in all these
bills that. I could understand if I read them; such
as I cannot, I will not read, but vote for upon the
faith I have in those who examine them. Sir,
this nation is entering upon a page of its history
which, in my judgment, is destined to make it the
most renowned the world has ever known.
This imposes upon us all, as individuals, as
well as upoJi the nation, responsibilities among
ourselves, as well as among the nations of the
world, such as we have been unaccustomed to,
and which no other circumstances would have
laid upon us. Other nations will see with what
alacrity three hundred thousand men have rushed
to the defense of their flag. This may excite in
rivals jealousy—possibly hostility. They will
watch us with more eagle eyes, and look upon
whatever we do with a sterner regard to our ad-
vancement; but I believe posterity will see h'ere
the greatest nation the sun ever shone upon. Be-
lieving this, I am ready to begin to provide for
the obligation it will impose. When this is done,
the Genius of Freedom will say to her votaries
everywhere, in every country and in every clime,
wherever our standard winnows the buxom air:
" Be not afraid, it is I."
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I am very glad
to hear the remarks made by the honorable Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. I always listen to him
with pleasure, and never with more pleasure than
I have listened to him this morning. The hon-
orable Senator took occasion to pay a just tribute
to his fellow-citizens from Rhode Island who were
engaged in the late battle. I think it was due to
them, and I think it was handsomely done, as the
Senator always does everything that he under-
takes to do. But when sucii remarks arc made—
and I have no doubt they have all been rnade in
a patriotic spirit—I think it is my duty to say a
single word in refeience to the only citizen of my
State that commanded a regiment in the late con-
test. So far as I can learn, whatever of censure
may have fallen upon anybody, none of it be-
longs to him or to his corps. I refer to Colonel
Marston, the colonel of the second regiment of
New Hampshire, who is also entitled to a seat in
the other House of Congress. I believe he did
everything that the most experienced veteran sol-
dier could do on thatoccasion. He was wounded,
as Senators doubtless are aware; his arm was shat-
tered so that he cxpected he must submit to am-
putation. He was on foot when he was wounded,
but he would not be detained from the head of his
regiment; he told the surgeon to splinter up his
shattered right arm in the best way he could,
called for his horse, and in that condition mounted,
his horse being led by a servant; and he was in
his saddie at the head of h;s regiment some two
or three hours after it was thus shattered, expect-
ing as soon as the battle was over that the aim
would be amputated. I cannot sit still here, or
anywhere else, end hear remarks made which
might, by implication—I know they were not so
intended—reflect on a man who so nobly and gal-
lantly performed his duty on thatoccasion; and
I trust 1 shall not be out of place when I say, be-
fore I sit down, that I am happy to be able to say
that the wound, it is hoped, will not prove so dis-
astrous as it was once supposed it would, and
that he is in a fair way of recovery.
Mr. SIMMONS. I must have been unfortu-
nate if anybody supposed I intended to reflect on
that gallant man.
Mr. HALF,. No.
Mr. SIMMONS. I did not say anything about
New Hampshire, because New Hampshire men
can do it better than I can.
Mr. HALE. 1 did not so understand you.
Mr. SIMMONS. Idid not say anything about
any of them. I merely said what they told me
of the whole of them that fought at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was desirous that this
bill should be taken up this morning merely for
the pui post* of hearing the explanation to be made
by the honorable Senatoi from Rhode Island, who
drafted the proposed substitute, who is the author
of it, and who, therefore, understands it much bet-
ter than anybody else. It was not with the design
of having it finally actcd on to-day; because with
regard to a bill of this importance, I am perfectly
aware that, although it may be printed and laid
upon our tables, it is not the custom of Senators
to examine it very minutely until it is actually
broughtbeforethe Senate for consideration. I am,
therefore, perfectly willing, in accordance with a
suggestion made by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire in the first place, and in fact rather desirous,
in order that gentlemen familiar with the subject
may have an opportunity to examine the bill more
at their leisure, if they wish to do so, that the bill
shall go over until to-morrow for further consid-
eration.
I will add, while saying this, that the bill was
adopted by the committee as a substitute for that
which was sent here by the House of Represent-
atives, because it appeared to be quite simple in
its provisions, easily understood, easily to be
acted upon, and becauss we believed it would
add very much more to the whole revenue of the
country; and yet there are some points of it which
need consideration. I take this occasion to say
that I agree with the Senator from Rhode Island
that we shall have to do yet more before we ad-
journ, in order to place the credit of this Govern-
ment where it should be placed in order to meet
the present exigency. In what exact form that
will come has not yet been determined upon by
the committee. I am free to say, however, from
all the consideration that I have given to the sub-
ject, that I am inclined very much to favor the
idea of a tax upon incomes, for the reason that,
taking both measures together, I believe the bur-
dens will be more equalized on all classes of the
community, more especially on those who are able
to bear them. I am perfectly aware that, if we
should resort to a tax upon incomes instead of
those which are proposed in the bill which is now
being acted on in the House of Representatives,
and if Congress should finally come to that con-
clusion, the burden, if burden it is, will fall much
the most heavily on the Atlantic and Middle States.
I am willing that it should be so, although I am
an inhabitant of one of those States, for the simple
reason that I believe, in money matters at the
present time, they are much more able to bear it,
and that that tax will be more lightly felt by the
people generally; at all events, it would fall on
those most able to bear it.
I have not, however, come to any definite con-
clusion; neither has the committee, for the matter
has not yet been brought properly before us; we
have no bill on the subject, and have not seen
what the House of Representatives may choose
to do, and therefore our founds are open to con-
viction. But I have mentioned the subject in
order that it may be brought to the consideration
of Senators, following up the line of remark which
has been adopted by the Senator from Rhode Isl-
and, in connection, also, with remarks by other
Senators who think we should not talk -about
adjourning in a hurry.
I said some days ago, that we were here at our
own expense, and therefore we were doing the
people no injury by attempting to do their busi-
ness deliberately and well. There are many con-
tingencies arising in this state of things, from day
to day, that require not only the consideration of
the executive government, but may require the
consideration of Congress; and we should do ready
to meet the issue and stay here just so long as our
services can by any possibility, or in any prob-
able event, be required in order to sustain the Gov-
ernment. I am exceedingly anxious, as every one
of the members of Congress undoubtedly is, to get
through with my share of public duty and return jj
home; buf^ am not so anxious to do that, as to ;]
be disposed to forget for a single instant that it is ii
a duty we are performing, and that we cannot per- \
form it in haste or in impatience. Patience is a
great virtue, and one which, I fear, many of us
have been recently inclined to forget. Now is the
time to remember it, and to practice upon our
knowledge of its necessity. Therefore, sir, al-
though 1 believe that, with proper attention, we '
can finish the business now bufore Conguss m
the course of a part of next week, (perhnps it may
take the whole of it,) I hope Senators will be dis- 1
posed to consider this bill, and any other that may
be brought before them with reference to obtain-
ing the means to carry on this war, with delibcr-
ation and calmness, and with no disposition to '
pass over anything without giving to it all the !
attention which the importance of the subject and ,
the crisis demands. !
I am not one of those who arc disposed to And ;
fault with anybody who is acting with me in this
great crisis. We are made up differently, as we
ought to be—men of different degrees, different
courses, different inclinations, different judgments
—and some of us, perhaps, have more command
over ourselves than others. "We must make al-
lowances for everybody. I believe all this nation
is disposed to do its duty—the Congress, the Ex-
ecutive, the members of the executive govern-
ment, the Army, the Navy, the people. And,
sir, if we keep on in that line, although we may
make mistakes and commit errors and fall short
of our duty, as human nature always must, from
its imperfections; yet, bearing with each other,
making proper allowances for each other, retain-
ing the same spirit with which we began, I have
no question that we shall come to a fortunate and
successful issue; and that is all, sir, that we can
demand. Whether the time is near or distant,
must be left for future events to determine. I am
disposed to wait for them calmly and patiently,
and not to find fault with others if they will not
trouble themselves about me.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 suggest, if this bill is to
go over, that there are a few alterations in pencil,
and I should like to have it printed with those
amendments inserted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That can be made part
of the motion.
. Mr. SIMMONS. I want you to make the mo-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the bill be
postponed until to-morrow, and printed with the
amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
message from tub house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House insists upon its amendment to the bill of
the Senate (No. 20) authorising the appointment
of an Assistant Secretary of the Navy, and for
other purposes, disagreed to by the Senate, asks
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and appoints Mr. Charles B.
Sedcwtck of New York, Mr. Alexander H 
Rice of Massachusetts, and Mr. James E. Eng-
lish of Connecticut, managers at the same on its
part.
The message further announced that the House
insists upon its amendments to the bill of the
Senate (No. 31) to increase the medical corps of
the Navy, and for other purposes, disagreed to
by the Senate, asks a conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and hastfp-
pointed Mr. Charles B. Sedgwick of New York*
Mr. Alexander H. Rice of Massachusetts, and
Tilr. James E. English of Connecticut, managers
at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the joint resolution of the Senate (No.
9) relative to the exhibition of the industry of all
nations to be held in London, in the year 1862.
assistant secretary of the navy.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill
of the Senate (No 20) authorizing the appoint-
ment of an Assistant Secretary of the Navy, and
for other purposes, disagreed to by the Senate,
and insisted on by the House; and
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Resolved, Thru the Senate insist upon its (lica ivempnt
to the amendment of the liou-.e of Representatives to the
said bill, uwsted onb> the House,and ngief to the confer-
ence ;v>ked by the House on the disagreeing votes at' the
two Houses thereon.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the President pro
temporx was authorized to appoint the committee
of conference on the part of the Senate; and Mr.
Hale, Mr. Gilimes, and Mr. McDougall, were
appointed.
natal medical coups.
The Senate proceeded to consider the •amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill
of the Senate (No. 31) to increase the medical
corps of the Navy, and for other purposes, dis-
agreed to by the Senate, and insisted on by the
House; and
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
licsolvcj, That the Senate insist upon its disagreement
to the amendment of the IIou>c of Representatives to the
said biii. Insisted on by the Hou&e, and agiee to the confer-
ence a&kud by the House on the disagreeing votes of tho
two Homes liieieon.
