256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the President pro
tempore was authorized, to appoint the committee
on the part of the Senate; and Mr. Hale, Mr.
Grimes, and Mr. McDgu'uall, were appointed.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 25) making addi-
tional appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive,and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1862, and ap-
propriations ofarrearages for the year ending 30th
of June, 1861, submitted the following report:
The committee of confeicnce on the disagiceing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (II. It. No. 25) making addi-
tional appiopuations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government Cor the year ending
the 30th of June, 1862, and appropiiationsof arrearages for
the year ending 30th of June, 1861, having met, after lull
and tree conference have agreed to recommend, and dp
recommend, to their respective Houses, a> follows :
That thfe House of Representatives recede fiom their dis-
agreement to the following amendments of theHenate, and
agree to the same: second, fourth, fifth, bixth, seventh,
eighth, ninth, tenth, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, loni-
teenlh,sixteenth, seventeenth, eighteenth, and nineteenth.
• Thai the Senate recede fiom their thud amendment.
That the House recede fiom their di&agieemcnt to the
Senate's tirst amendment, and agiee to the *ame with the
following amendment: after hue twelve, insert:
*' For statiowiy,
es Foi pase.-i and temporary mail boy«, $-1,810.
" For lahoiers, $1,917.
''For furmfute and icpairs, and boxes lor members,
$5,000.
u For reporting proceedings of the called *esMon of the
Thirty-Seventh Congio&s at the late per eolnmn fived by
law, $8,000: Provided, Th.it lhe said piocefduig-% sOiall be
reported with,and bound m, the Oongi<'<«ional Globe and
Appendix ot the first regular session of the pie ent Con-
gress."
That tin1 House recede from their disagreement lo the
Senate's fifteenth amendment, and amen to the same with
the following amendment: after line one hundted and hi'ty-
thn-e insult:
" Foi salaries and commissions <>f regi-ters of land of-
fice* and receiver-, of public moneys, ,^,500.
<kFor incidental expenses o{ the beveial land offices,
$2,000."
W. P. Fr«SKNrl>HN,
JOHN SHERMAN,
R1ILTON H. IjATHAM,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
j. 8. MOIUHJJL,
JiRASTHS CORDING,
KI)WAkl> Mel'IltfRSON,
Mann ei* on the. pait of the lloutc.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 ask that the report he
adopted. I shall make any explanations thai may
be required by any member, but the inaUer is so
simple that it will hardly require any. The other
Btoise, I l)elieve, have eoncurred m the report.
xhe report was concurred in.
ARMORED SHIPS.
Mr. GRIMES. There is a bill on your table,
sir, standing, I believe, upon a question of disa-
greement between the two Houses: a bill making
an appropriation for the conjunction of iron-clad
vessels. The Senate refused to concur in the
amendments of the House of Representatives;
. and then a motion was made by the /Senator from
New Jeiscy [Mr. Tkn Erojv] to reconsulei that
vote, and that motion was postponed until to-day.
1 move that it now be taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the hill (S. No. 36)
to provide for the construction of one or more
armored shipsnnd floating batteries, and for other
purposes; the question pending being on the mo-
tion of Mr. Ten Eyck to icconsider the vote by
which the House amendments were lion-con-
curred in.
Air. TEN EYCK. As I understand, Mr. I5res-
ident, (he disagreement was to the introduction
of the word <£ completion" with respect to vessels
of war and steam batteries. The striking out of
the word "completion," inserted by the House
of Representatives, lestriets the operation of this
bill exclusively to vessels or batteries that are
hereafter to he consti acted. My object in moving
the reconsideration is, that the boaul of commis-
sioners designed to be created by this bill may
be authorized to examine not only the plans and
specifications for the consti uetion of vessels of |
war and steam batteiies, but may also be nuthoi- !
ized to examine the plans and specifications of
vessels and batteries already partly constructed;
and I can see no earthly reason why that should
not be done, if we have vessels and batteries
partly constructed which will be of service at the
present time, why should they not be examined
by this board and reported on? Why should
they be restricted in their examination to the
plans and specifications of vessels that have not
been commenced? Many vessels and batteries
mg.y be nearly completed, and some of them may
require a greater or a less appropriation to finish
their construction; some already nearly completed
may be ready to put in the service at the end of
a month or two months; and my belief and ex-
pectation is that they may be required.
This bill furthermore authorizes an appropria-
tion, to be applied, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Navy, to the construction and
completion of vessels that may be reported on
favorably by the board provided for in the bill.
I desire that the province and duties of this board
shall be extended over the whole subject; and as
they may report,so let the action of the Depart-
ment be.
Mr. GRIMES. The bill, as it originally passed
the Senate, appiopriated a million and a half of
dollars for the construction of iron-clad ships of
war, and batteries, if a commission of scientific
officers, hereafter to be appointed by the Presi-
dent or the Secretary of the Navy, should decide
that the public interest would be promoted by the
expenditures of that amount of money for such
pui poses. Several years ago—twenty years ago
—Congress appropriated, at the instance of Mr.
Robert L. Stevens, a huge amount of money, over
four hundred thousand dollars; which he at that
time said would be sufficient to complete a float-
ing battery for the defense of New York huibor.
We have been going on appropriating money from
tunc to time up to the amount of $750,000, which
has already been expended, I believe. 1 think that
is the amount—certainly somewhere in that vi-
cinity. It is now asked that we shall appropriate
$812,000 more; and if should be used m the com-
pletion of that battery, and should be enough to
complete it, (which I exceedingly doubt, and in-
deed do not believe,) then more than half of the
approptiation that is .contained in this bill would
be exluiused in the completion of one battery
alone for the protection of one harbor. Now,
sir, in Stevens's battery the great expenditure is
in the engines. They tell us it is to be six thou-
sand horse power, I believe.
Mr. TUN EYCK. Over eight.
Mr. GRIMES. Over eight thousand horse
power. It is to be u§ed us a rani—a machine
winch has been condemn-ed by every naval officer
in England. Some few years ago the BntishGov-
ernment. undeitnok to build some of these steam
ranis. Some of them arc now completed, and
others are m process of completion; but there is
not a skillful and scientific officer in the whole
service, according to the representations of the
United Service Journal, that does not condemn
them, and say it is impossible for them to be of
I any service to the Navy.
The Naval Committee ate informed that for one
hundiod and forty or one hundred and sixty thou-
sand dolhus a steam battery can be completed for
the defense of our haibois on the Atlantic, that
will cairy nearly, if not quite, as heavy an aun-
ainent, and be as serviceable m defense of these
harbois, as Stevens's battery will be when it is
completed at an expense of£.1,500,000; therefoie,
they do not propose, and do not desire, that this
whole amount of money should be thrown away
upon this work, but that the money should be
expended—if it is discovered that l^teries are
serviceable—in the construction of batteiies for the
various harbors on the Atlantic coast. They desire
that Philadelphia shall be protected in the same
way; that New York shall be protected with two
batteries in place of one—one on the East river
and one on the North river; that Boston shall be
protected, and Portland, and Baltimore, and the
other cities of the Union, and not expend the
whole or nearly the whole amount of money upon
this one single battery.
We have already authorized the appointment
of a commission by the Secretary of the Navy,
to inquire into the condition of this battery. I am
not authorized to state what I know m regard to
U; but I know, and 1 will state it here, that one
of the most skillful officers belonging to the
American Navy, the last one who was in charge
of it, Commodore Gregory, pronounced it utterly
useless for all purposes connected with naval de-
fense. As he stated it publicly, I may repeat it.
We have authorized a commission to examine
into its condition arid report to the next session of
Congress. It is practicable, I apprehend, to wait
until that session of Congress for us to act upon
it, and in the mean time let us go on, and if it is
deemed advisable by the proper authorities to
construct these floating batteries let them do if,
but do not exhaust this appropriation by apply*
ing it to Stevens's battery.
Mr. TEN EYCK. In the absence of my col-
league, who is specially charged with this matter,
and who is now detained at his residence by ill-
ness, 1 feel myself called upon to submit a few
words, by way of reply to the Senator from Iowa;
and I trust I can do so in a perfectly calm man-
ner, and without excitement.
J have no interest in this question, except the
gieat interest which we all have in the protection
of our commerce, and putting an end to this re-
bellion and insurrection. Now, what is the mat-
ter befoie the Senate? There is nothing like dis-
tinctly understanding the point. All that this bill
asks, as amended and passed by the* House of
Repiesentaiives, is that a boaid of competent offi-
cers be appointed to examine the specifications
and plans, not only of vessels and batteries here-
after to be constructed, hut of such as are now
partly constructed, or in process of construction.
If they, upon their examination of both classes
of this description of vessels, should be of opinion
that they are beneficial, they will so Yeport. If
they should be of opinion that both, or either
class, or many of the kinds of vessels and batter-
ies that may be submitted to theii inspection, are
worthless, they wilj so report. The board, I
presume, will be composed of honest, honorable
men, who will not be subject to any improper in-
fluences. I do not myself suspect them of such
a thing.
Mr. President, I am in favor of strengthening
in the present exigency the naval arm of our pub-
lic service. I believe it to be indispensably ne-
cessary. I believe our safety as a nation depends
on it. I am no soldiei; I am not familiar with
war, and the method of carrying on warfare; but
it strikes me, as a common sense view, that many
of our effective and important operations are to
be carried on by sea. We may organize two
hundred regiments of as bravo soldieis as ever
stood before the cannon's mouth; we may send
five hundred thousand men to storm the heights
of Manassas Junction, and they may stand there
in the face of a fire which, like the lightnings of
Egypt, ran along lheground,and yet,sir, we may
not be able to march upon Richmond; and if we are
not able very soon to march upon Richmond, the
season that is coming upon us wilt prevent our
marching upon Richmond, or proceeding any
further south, until the frost shall have rendered it
safe and proper for our armies to go there. In the
mean time, what is to becomc of our vessels and of
our coasts and of our towns and of our commerce ?
My idea is to hold the Army of the center and its
wings more or less stationary; to keep what we
have, and move when we are ready, and, in. the
mean time, to protect the count and the revenue,
and do it by strengthening the Navy in every suit-
able way that the Navy is to be strengthened.
We need a more effective blockade. There are
two ports now open in North Carolina, where,
as I said yesterday, scoundrels North,as well as
scoundrels South, are carrying on an unlawful
| trade in fraud of our revenue. We need to cap-
ture pi rates and sea-rovers, who, during the course
of last week, seized seven of our meichantinen
and burned one up. Wc need to retake the har-
bors and forts that have been seized by the strong
hand of rebellion and taken from beneath the
jutisdiction of the stars and stupes. We need to"
piotect our commerce. Thousands of vessels are
now idle, their owners not daring to send them to
sea in the pursuitof their lawful business. There
are hundreds of them now lying on the coasts of
New Jersey rotting at their docks, unable to pur-
sue their ordinary avocations. And, sir, we need
them for the defense of our harbors—New York,
Boston, and other cities on the sea-coast.
Let us look abroad. Suppose England, in her
love for cotton, should forget the duties which
she owes to mankind and attempt to break our
blockade, and we should get into trouble with
her: what is to become of our northern cities and
our cities upon the coast? i believe to-day that
the harbor of New York is defenseless against
