THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress. 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JCJLY 26, 1861.
Nkw Series No. 17.
the navies of Great Britain, or of France cither.
1 shall make no unnecessary exposure, because
I am a friend of my country, and will not expose
its weakness; but, at the same time, I want to
protect it and to preserve it in all its parts. I be-
lieve, from what I have heard, that this same j
marine steam battery of Edwin A. Stevens is i
calculated, in a very great degree, to effect the \
purposes we desire at this time. It has ovoroight !
thousand horse power, and it is calculated to run
at a speed of twenty-one miles an hour. It is a
tcrrib!e*engine of defense and attack. It is be-
lieved that it can run between the forts in Charles-
ton harbor with perfect impunity, and, if neces-
sary, destroy that town; it is believed that it can
stand before New Orleans and hold it in subjec-
tion; and thus bring these men to reason in the
places and at the points where they arc the most
vulnerable, and where they can be assaulted and
assailed and brought to reason.
It has been pronounced to be unfit by scientific
men, it is said. I know that it has been exam-
ined by scientific men, and I know that they have
pronounced in favor of its character; and I know
that the genius which designed and devised it,
although now gone, will rest in the memory of
scientific men forever.
Another objection is, that $500,000 have already
been expended upon it. Sir, that is a reason co-
gentand strong to my mind why this board should
examine it. If we have expended $500,000 upon
this work, let us not abandon Jt without further
inspection. Let us make the necessary additional
appropriations if it is desirable and worthy; if unlit,
let it be entirely put an end to and abandoned on
the report of a competent investigating commit tee.
Suppose it should prove to be valuable and desi-
rable, and should cost $800,000 to finish it. One
of your two or three hundred regiments alone
costs $1,000,000 n year. After all, I ask, can it
do any harm to have this work examined by a
competent board of officers? If it is unworthy
they wi[l condemn it, and no harm will come of
it; if worthy, it is taking a step towards making a
necessary defense of our coast, and perhaps of
carrying " the war into Africa."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, the sim-
ple question before the Senate is this: whether
they will authorize a board of officers to spend
neaily a million dollars on this old concern which
was begun neatly twenty years ago. The Senate,
the other day, on consideration of the whole sub-
ject, decided that they would not authorize any-
body to spend any money on this battery before
they knew something about its condition. They
were willing, on the suggestion of one of the Sen-
ators from New Jeisey, to have a commission
appointed to r< port on the subject. That they
agteed to, as it was urged; and that has passed
both Houses, I suppose. It passed this body
without any diiliculty, and I believe it passed the
other. I am ready to stand to that. Lot a board
be appointed to examine this work and report to
Congress, and then let Congress have the power
to say whether they will spend the money.
Not satisfied with that, the friends of this work
wish that the board we have appointed to exam-
ine and spend money with regard to small steam-
ers comparatively, shall have the power, if they
see fit, to spend more thnn half of it m completing
this vessel. I will give no such power to any-
body on a work which was begun twenty years
ago, and has been abandoned almost as long. As
to the fact that we have spent §500,000, and there-
fore ought to complete it, it is an old rule that no
wise man sends good money after bad; and if we
have wasted ftoU0,G00, if is no ica&on why we
should now throw uway £1,000,000 on this work.
Mr. TEN EYCK, Let us inquire.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 am willing to inquire,
but I want to inquire first, before expending any
more money. Sow, what will be the object?
What will be the result? These men have but
a single duty to perform. They aie to inquire
whether we can build certain smaller classes of
iron-clad steamers; an experiment that has been
tried, I believe, and found feasible; and if so, to do
17 •
it. That we have authorized; that I am willing to
stand to; but if we confer this additional power
on them, instead of having their attention con-
fined to that single thing which we wish to have
done as soon as possible, they will be beset and
bedeviled by all the appliances that can bo brought
to bear on them by this twenty-years-old con-
cern, which nobody, who has a reasonable degree
of judgment on the subject, has believed to be
good for anything up to this time. Sir, I am op-
posed to the whole thing. I never will agree to
gi.ve any set of men the power to spend $1,000,000
on a matter which has been condemned by pub-
lic opinion and the voice of Congress for so many
years. Let us have it, at any rate, before our-
selves again before we proceed to action.*
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The question is on the motion to
reconsider the vote disagreeing to the amendment
of the House.
The motion was not agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TII13 HOUSE.
A message from the IIousc of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridok, its Clerk, announced (hat the
House insisted on its amendment to the bill of the
Senate (No. 3) pioviding for the bettor organiza-
tion of the militai y establishment, disagreed to by
the Senate, and asks a conference on the disagree-
mgvotes of the two Houses thereon, and has ap-
pointed Mr. Francis P. Bi.atr, jr., Mr. John J.
Crittenden, and Mr. Abraham li. Oun, man-
age is of the same on the paitofthe House.
The message furtherannounced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 41) sup-
plementary to an art entitled "An aet to author-
ize a national loan, and for other purposes," with
an amendment; in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested.
The message fuuherannounecd that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate to
the bill (II. R. No. 7G) to provide for the pay-
ment of the police organized bytheUnited States
for the city of Baltimore, to enable the Mint to
furnish small gold coins, and to provide for the
manufacluie or purchase of field signals.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (IT. R. No. 25) making additional ap-
planations for the legislative, executive, and ju-
dicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1863, and appropriations of ar-
reoiagcs for the year ending June 30, 1801.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills; which
then-upon received the Signature of the President
pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 14) for the better organization
of the Marine Corps;
A bill (S. No. 4*2) in addition to the " Act to
authorize the employment of volunteeis to aid in
enforcing the laws and pioteetmg public prop-
el ty,'* approved 22d July, ]yGl; and
A bill (LI. R. No. 53) relative to tho Marine
Corps, to fix the compensation of the officers there-
of, and for other purposes.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private Secretary,
announced that the President had approved and
signed, on the 24th instant, the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 21) for the. relief of the widows
and orphans of the officers, seamen, and marines
of ihc United States sloop-of-war Levant, and for
other purposes; and
A bill (S. No. 32) to provide for a temporary
increase of the Navy.
\ / OBJECT Otf THE WAR.
MrAJQ^INSON, of Tennessee. I move that
the relation which I introduced yesterday be
now taken up, and considered by the Senate.
The motion was agreed to; and the .Senate re-
sumed the consideration ol the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the pi e-eM deplorable civil wni lias been
•forced upon the country by the disunionists of the south-
ern States now in revolt against the constitutional Govern-
ment and in arms around the capital; that in thisnationat
emergency Congress, banishing all feeltngof mere passion
or lesentment, will recoJlect only its duty to the whole
country; that this war is not prosecuted upon our part iji
unyspuitof oppression", nor for any purpose of conquest
or subjugation, nor for the purpose of overthrowing or in-
terfering with the rights or established institutions of those
States, but to defend and maintain the supremacy of the
Constitution and all laws made in pursuance thereof, and
to picsetvc the Union, with all tlie%tlignity, equality, aftd
lights of the several States unimpaired; that as soon as
these objects ate, accomplished the war ought to cease.
Mr. POLK. I indicated yesterday, on hearing
the resolution read, that 1 would probably offer
an amendment to it. 1 now move to amend the
resolution by striking out all after the word
"southern," in the second line, down to the word
capital," inclusive iu the third line, and to in-
sert in lieu thereof the words, " and the northern
States;" so that it will icad:
"That the present deplorable civil war has been forced
upon the country by the disunionists of the southern and
the noithern States," &c.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I trust this
amendment will not be adopted. The resolution
does nothing but set forth a single fact particu-
larly, as it has occurred since this contest com-
menced. I hope the Senate will reject the amend-
ment, and pass the resolution just as it is.
Mr. POLK. As the yeas and nays were or-
dered on the resolution yesterday, I hope the Sen-
ate will indulge me with the yeas and nays on
this amendment. I think it contains a truth that
ought to be embodied in the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. As I want to vote understand-
ingly, I would be obliged to the Senator from
Missouri if he wc^uld tell us of any northern
States in revolt against the constitutional Govern-
ment; because, with his amendment, it will read:
" That the pie-ent deplowible civil war has been furced
upon the country by the disunionists of the southern and
noithein States jhhvjii revolt against the constitutional
Government, and in arms around the capital."
Mr. POLK. No, sir; those words are pro-
posed to be stricken out; so that it will read:
"That the piepent deplorable civil war lias been forced
upon the eounny by the disunionists of the southern mid
the northern State*; that, in this national emergency,'"'&c.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 really desire to have the
gentleman inform us whether he knows of the ex-
istence of any disunionisls in the North ? I think we
ought not, impliedly even, to assert that of which
there is no foundation of belief. Now, I do not
know, and never heard of the existence of any
disuniornsts in the northern States—in revolt, I
mean,
Mr. POLK. The Senator asks me if I know
of any such persons, and then he asks if there is
any ground of belief. There is a difference be-
twixt knowledge and a ground of belief.
Mi. COLLAMER. 1 mean in revolt.
Mr. POLK. That part is not in the resolution
at all as 1 purpose to amend it. If the Senator
had paid attention to the, amendment he would
have seen that that is not m it. I believe there are
disunionists in the North as well asin the South;
and I have seen what purport to be speeches made
in different places on the 4th of July, by gentle-
men who were congiatulating the country upon
the fact that there was now to be a dissolution of
the Union. 1 ask that the resolution, as it will
read if the amendment ho adopted, be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Res )lrcd, That the present deplorable civil war has been
foieed upon the cotumy bv the disitniomstsof the southern
and the northern States; that in this national emergency
Conj'ie-f.. b.mUlnng all feehn? of mere pa^ion or resent-
ment, will leeoiieet only its duty to the whole country;
that this wai is not pro.-ecuted upon our pait in any spirit
of oppression, nor lor any pmpose of conquest or subjuga-
tion, nor purpose of overthrowing or luteiiernig with tiie
rights or established institutions ot those States, but to de-
fend and maintain tSie supremacy of the Constitution and
n!i laws made in pursuance thereof, and to pieserve the
Union, with ail the dignity, equality, and rights of the sev-
eral States uuimpaued; Unit us soon as these objects are
accomplished the wai ought to cuasu.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
