1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
that, so as to say " in arms against the Govern-
ment."
Mr. HARRIS. I am in favor of it just as it
stands. The resolution proceeds to state certain
facts : " That in this national emergency Con-
gress,banishing all feeling of mere passion or re-
sentment, will recollect only its duty to the whole
country." That is my desire. It then proceeds
to state certain things negatively, very properly.
" That this war is not prosecuted upon our part
in any spirit of oppression"—all will agree to
that—" nor for any purpose of conquest or sub-
jugation." I agree to that most heartily. It is
not the purpose of this war to conquer or to sub-
jugate. I hope it will be the result that these
disunionists will be conquered and subjugated;but
it is not our purpose. If, as a consequence of this
war, these men called in this resolution disunion-
ists, are conquered and subjugated, I shall rejoice.
The resolution proceeds further to state, nega-
tively, "nor purpose of overthrowing or interfer-
ing with the rights or established institutions of
those States." Slavery is meant. If slavery
shall be abolished, shall be overthrown as a con-
sequence of this war, I shall not shed a tear over
that result; but, sir, it is not the purpose of the
Government to prosecute this war for the purpose
of overthrowing slavery. If it comes as a conse-
quence, let it come; but it is not an end of the
war.
The resolution now proceeds to state, affirma-
tively, what is the purpose of this Government:
" But, to defend and maintain the supremacy of the Con-
stitution and all laws made in pur>uance thereof, and to
picscrve the Union, with all the dignity, equality, and rights
of the sevi'ial States unimpaired; that as soon as these
objects aie accomplished the war ought to ceas>e."
Now, I agree to every word there is in this
resolution, as it stands printed.
Mr. KENNEDY. Is it in order to ask that
this resolution may be divided?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion made by the Senator from Illi-
nois, to amend the resolution by striking out cer-
tain words.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I rise merely to say that,
with the Senator from Illinois, I do not like the
expression, come from where*it will, "in arms
around the capital;" because it is calculated to
convey a false impression.
Mr. COLLAMER. That has been amended.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand it has; but
I'suggest to the Senator to change the phraseol-
ogy fiom what is proposed, because J think it a
better mode of expression: " now in revolt, and
in arms against the constitutional Government."
I think that would be better than to say, "in
revolt against the constitutional Government, and
in arms around the capital." The expression
would bo a little more to my taste, and would
mean the same thing precisely.
With regard to the other point, I agree entirely
with my friend from Vermont. This word " sub-
jugation" is used lor the mere purpose of clap-
"trap, and will have, as it has had, its effect un-
doubtedly in some of the States; but, sir, it has
no sort of effect upon me. I know precisely what
I mean, and I am not afraid but what the people
will understand what we mean. It simply says
that we are not cairying on this war for the
purpose of oppressing or subjugating anybody.
That is not my purpose; that i am perfectly will-
ing to allow; and I am willing to use one word
just as much as another. An importance has been
given to the word " subjugation," to be sure, as
Isaid befoie, in some quarters; but it has no im-
portance to me any further than it conveys an
idea. I do not want to carry on this war for the
purpose of subjugating the people of any State in
any shape or form; and it is a false idea gotten
up by bad men for bad purposes that it ever has
been the purpose of any portion of the people of
this country. I am willing therefore to meet them
face to face and say I never had that purpose, and
have it not now. But we say, notwithstanding
we have not that purpose, and distinctly avow it,
we have a purpose, and thatis to defend the Con-
stitution and the laws of the country, and to put
down this revolt at whatever hazard; and if is for
them to say whether it is necessary for us in the
course of accomplishing a legitimate and proper
object to subjugate them m order to do it. i hope
not; and if it is necessary and we could do it, I
should want to keep them subjugated no longer
than was necessary to secure that purpose. That
far it must go, and no further. To that it must
go at all events and hazards. As to the word, sir,
I would as soon take that as any other. It ex-
presses the idea clearly, and I am satisfied with it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I beg to suggest that in-
stead of the word " around," the word " near"
should be inserted, and it will then state precisely
the facts as they exist. They are not in fact
around the capital. They are'not in arms in
Maryland; but they are in arms near the capital.
There is no doubt about that, and that will ex-
press the precisc fact; and if we arc going to state
facts, I hope we shall state them precisely as th'ey
Mr. COLLAMER. We desire to know how
the resolution stands now as the gentleman from
Tennessee has it; in what form it has his appro-
bation ?
Mr, JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I will frankly
state to the Senator, that i would prefer to have
the resolution passed in its orgmal words. It sim-
ply incorporates a plain statement of facts; and I
would prefer to have it in that way.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then, in relation to this
word subjugation," I beg to say to my friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] that, as the word
stands here, the fair intendment of the resolution
is this: we deny that it is our purpose to make a
conquest or subjugation of those States. The
whole resolution is speaking about States:
" That this war H not prosecuted upon our part In any
spirit ofoppie^ion,nor foi any purpose of conquest or sub-
jugation, nor purpose of oveithiovung or interfering with
the rights or optablMied institutions ot those Htates, hut to
defend and maintain the Mipremaey of the Constitution,
and all laws made m punuanee theirof, and to preseive
tiie Umon, with all the dignity, equality, and nghtf of the
>everal States unimpaired; that as soon as thOM' objects
aie accomplished the wai ought to cease."
The whole resolution is speaking of the States;
and this word " subjugation" being used in this
connection, docs not imply that it is not our pur-
pose to compel the disunionists to submit to the
laws and the Constitution of the land, call it what
name you please—subjugation or capture, trial
or hanging, if necessary. Names are nothing if
you get at the substance; and the substance of the
whole resolution is, that we declare it to be our
purpose to defend and maintain the Constitution
and the laws passed in pursuance thereof, and to
preserve this Union, with the rights and dignity
of the States all unimpaired, and to defend it by
every power and all the energies of this Govern-
ment and this people.
Mr. President, in my humble judgment, while
this is the duty of every patriot in the land, if that
duty rests more solemnly upon any one class of
men than upon another, it rests upon the Repub-
lican party, with which the honorable Senator and
myself have acted; for in its very organization,
in the very first resolution and address which it
ever published to the American people, it used
precisely those woids, that it was our purpose,
and wo had no other purpose, to defend and main-
tain the Constitution and its supremacy, and all
laws passed in pursuance thereof. Those are
almost precisely the very words published in its
first address.
Mr. President, I said the other day, and I re-
peat it now, I am for deeds rather than tor words.
I regard tins resolution as an act not altogether
legislative m its character, but as a declaration of
the purpose of this Government. It is a deed, in
that sense, which is to have Us effect upon the
American people; and I desire that it shall be
passed in the language in which it has been pre-
sented, with that slight modification in relation to
the fact. I do not think they are in arms around
the capital, unless you use the word "around"
as a kind of figure of speech; but they are very
near it, within thirty miles I suppose. I under-
stand, however, that that portion of it has been
proposed to be amended in some form which is
not unacceptable to the mover of the resolution.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, I hope the
Senate will indulge me but for a moment. I fear,
if this amendment passes, that it will be subject
to misconstruction. With the explanations of
honorable Senators, I could sec but little difference
between the resolution, as it now stands, and the
resolution with the word "subjugation"stricken
out of it. But, sir, there is great sensitiveness in
the State which I have the honor, in part, to rep-
resent, in respect to this vei y matter. There is a
fear among many, there is a prejudice wide ex-
tended in tne public sentiment oJ" Virginia, that
the design of this war is subjugation; that the
design of this war is to reduce the Old Dominion
into a province; that the design of this war, liter-
ally, in the language of the honorable Senator
from Vermont, is to pass our people under the
yoke.
Sir, I do not understand such to be the purpose
of this war. The Legislature of the State which
I represent does not understand such to be the
purpose of this war. My constituency are for
the preservation of the Union, the vindication of
the Constitution, and the execution of the laws.
We believe that in the successTof this war, in
carrying out these legitimate purposes, is involved
the great question of constitutional liberty itself
now and forever among our people, and among
all people; and I here, from the Old Dominion, as
an humble member on this floor, am instructed
by my Legislature, and am prepared to vote for
every necessary measure, and for every necessary
man, without stint,, let, or hinderance, to carry on
the war until all resistance to lawful authority is
put down; until the Constitution is vindicated,
and restored to all its legitimate supremacy; and
until the Union is reestablished on a basis never
to be overthrown.
But, sir, candor constrains me to say, that if
any different purpose shall be avowed, if it shall
ever be intimated or declared that this is to be a
war upon the domestic institutions of the South,
and upon the rights of private property, every
loyal arm on the soil of the Old Dominion will be
instantly paralyzed. Sir, pass this resolution in
the language in which it is printed, and you give
muscle and vigor to every loyal arm in the Old
Dominion, and you will multiply the friends of
the Union by thousands whenever our people
are disimbued of the prejudices that exist in their
minds. We are acting upon the understanding
that this is not a war of subjugation; and acting
upon that understanding, loyal men of the section
of the State that I represent are freely mingling
their blood with the noble sons of Indiana and
Ohio who have come to our rescue all over our
green hills and around our fire-sides. Sir, I trust
that there will be no amendment made to the reso-
lution, but that it will go to our people in the
precise language in which it is reported.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I' cannot
vote for the resolution in the shape in which it is
presented, and I trust it may not pass in that form.
The very fact that there is such a persistency in
the use of these terms shows that those who per-,
sist in it have an object. Now, sir, it is not true
m point of fact that the persons who initiated this
civil war are in arms around the capital. 1 do
not wish such a record to be made for posterity.
I do not wish it to go down upon the annals of
the country that this capital is surrounded by the
men who initiated this procedure. It was initi-
ated at a distance of hundreds of miles from here
by disunionists in the South, who arc notthe men
who are in arms, even near the capital, as my
friend from Wisconsin states. Virginia herself
went into it at a later day. The war was forced
upon the country by whom? Not by the States
—thatis not the resolution; by the disunionists
of the southern States; and then when you come
to the word "subjugation," what docs it have
reference to? It has reference to the disunionists.
That is the literal grammatical construction of the
resolution, and it can have no other.
The Senator from Wisconsin says that if you
take the subsequent portions of the resolution
you will find that the word " subjugation" has
application to States. Not so. 'the very form
of the sentence, its grammatical construction,
shows that the word "subjugation" applies to
the disunionists, and not to the States. The lan-
guage is, that the war is not prosecuted for any
purpose of subjugation; and then it proceeds to
say, "nor purpose of overthrowing or interfer-
ing with the rights or established institutions of
those States." It is not for the purpose of inter-
fering with the established institutions in the
southern States, nor is it for any purpose of sub-
jugation. It is as strong as language can make it.
Now, sir, I think it would be much better to
strike out those words, " and in arms around the
capital," and insert the words suggested by the
Senator fromMaine, after the world " revolt," or
insert the modification suggested by the Senator
