262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
ecuted for the purpose of subduing those men, and
Compelling them to obey the laws, just as you,
sir, and I, are bound to do; to make them just
such ioyal subjects as you and I now are. Bccause
this purpose is announced and declared by the res-
olution introduced by the honorable Senator from
Tennessee, we are to have clamor about subju-
gation. I am a subject; you are a subject; there
is notaSenatorwithinthesound of my voice who
is not a subject. The Lieutenant General is a
subject; the President of the United States is a
subject, just precisely in the same sense that we
intend to make all these people in the southern
States subjects to the Constitution. All this clap-
trap about subjugation, it seems to me, ought to
be dismissed from the Senate. These men must
be subjugated to obedience to the Constitution;
and when that is accomplished, then this resolu-
tion declares our purpose to be to give them all
the rights conferred upon them by the Constitu-
tion, and that the very moment the object is ac-
complished the war snail cease.
Now, Mr. President, in regard to the technical
criticisms upon the language of this resolution, I
have only this to say: that there is no single ex-
pression, no single word in it, but what is liter-
ally true. Therefore, I can vote for it with the
greatest pleasure. This war was never commenced,
it was never prosecuted, with any idea of inter-
fering with the domestic relations of the southern
Spates. Certainly if it were so prosecuted, it
would not have my assent. It is prosecuted sim-
ply for the purpose of maintaining the Govern-
ment; and no Government can survive and endure
that which the honorable Senator from Kentucky
now substantially justifies; because, if I under-
stand him correctly, he justified and defended these
very disunionists—these very traitors who now
seek to subvert this Government. Perhaps the
torce of his language was stronger than he in-
fended; but that'wus the effect of it. He justified
them, and charged the majority of the Senate and
the President of the United States with subvert-
ing the Government and commencing a civil war.
In regard to the proposition offered by the Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] I have but
this to say; if a slave is used by his master in
the actual prosecution of this wnr, that slave
ought to l)e freed; the master ought to forfeit all
right to him. Docs the Senator deny this? If a
stave is used by his master to accomplish the work
of treason—1 mean actively, according to the lan-
guage of that bill—-ought that master still to own
the Tabor of that slave? Certainly not; and yet
it seems to me, in declaring this principle we do
not interfere at all in the slightest degree with the
relations of muster and slave, except where the
master uses that slave as an instrument to erect
barricades—to accomplish treason. As a matter
of course, then, hf ought to lose his right to the
slave—all claim,ownership, or control over him.
There is no objection to this doctrine. The peo-
ple that the Senator now defends have their pi-
rates, declared so by the law of the United States,
upon the high seas; and they burn ships, they
capture white men, and I am told by the news-
papers, I do not know whether it be true or not,
that they actually make pmoners of war labor as
slaves at their fortifications. We say to these
men, the owners of slaves, " if you use the slaves,
yourchattels,to prosecute this unholy war against
the Union, they shall be forfeited, and you shall
exercise no further ownership over them." This
in upon the same principle that arms, horses, and
all munitions of war arc forfeited to the captors,
and may be employed against the foimer owners,
or disposed of as the captor sees tit.
One word further, in reply to a personal allu-
sion to myself. I did say, and I will now repeat,
that I believe the very safety of this Government,
the very existence of civil liberty and of civiliza-
tion itself, depends upon the result of this war.
I believe that if the southern States were able now
to draw a line across this continent, we should
have for a time two hostile confederacies warring
with each other, as Anglo-Saxons always have
warred with each other, bitterly and with determ-
ination. I believe that everything depends upon
subduing the disunionists in the mode and for the
purpose pointed out in this resolution. If we
divide into two sections now, soon we shall be
divided into three, or four, or five. If the North
is divided from the South now, the East may be
divided from the West, and Oregon and California
may go off by themselves; and then this noble
country of ours will be broken up, and all the
hopes of civilization, all the hopes which induced
our fathers to wage the war of the Revolution,
will be scattered and dissipated. All this evil has
been brought about by men who, because they
could not rule, are determined to ruin; by dis-
unionists who, because they cannot change the
Constitution to suit their will and their whim, are
now determined to subvert all in one common ruin.
I say we have been forbearing long enough. 1,
for one, am for this war; for its active, vigilant,
and determined prosecution. Whether I may live
or die, whether my property may go or not, makes
no difference. It is better for mankind that every
man now living on this continent, you and 1,
sir, should fall victims to this war, rather than
that this noble country of ours, this great and glo-
rious Union should be divided and broken up into
hostile factions, warring with each other in all
time to come. For one, while my health and my
voice last, while my life lasts and while I have
anything, all shall be given freely for the purpose«
of maintaining the Union, and carrying out in
good faith and in good spirit the purport of this
resolution.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. A single word, sir,
in reply to one or two of the observations which
fell from the Senator from Ohio. The Senator
did not see fit to undertake to answer most of the
remarks I had the honor to offer to the Senate
when I was up just now ; he did propose to an-
swer one or two. Among them was the criticism
I made upon the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois in reference to the employment of persons
held to service or labor in aid of or to promote
the rebellion. The Senator docs not mectit with
his accustomed accuracy and logic. The Senator
says that if a slave is employed to make intrench-
ments, or to point guns at the United States forces,
he ought to be seized and taken. That is not the
question; far from it. I choose to put it upon the
broader and stronger ground of the proposition
as it was adopted. The language of that proposi-
tion is, that any person held to service or labor
employed in any way to aid or promote the so-
called rebt'lliofi shall be discharged from servicc
or labor. I say the President of the United States
and his constitutional advisers have construed the
raising of crops, the furnishing of provisions, ay,
even the furnishing of the necessaries of life and
medical attendance to the people of those States
—loyal and disunionists alike—to be aiding and
promoting in such manner as that he will confis-
cate them. Now, that is the construction which
that measure can bear, because your executive
Government, I suppose, is to execute it. I con-
tend that, under its language and the construction
given by Senators on this door and by the exec-
utive Government, it is a general act of emancipa-
tion; because all that agricultural labor of the
South which is (lone by slaves—in raising corn,
cotton, and other staples which go to the suste-
nance of human life and sustaining the resources
of the southern people in every way—will be
construed as giving aid and comfort to that move-
ment. I tell you, sir, that amendment is a gen-
eral act of emancipation.
The Senator says he has stood where he has
ever done; and the gentlemen whom he repre-
sents stand where they have ever done, in sup-
port of the Constitution. That, sir, is the ques-
tion. I profess to stand on that instrument as
steadily, as firmly, and as loyally as that Sena-
tor. 1 have tried to show here that 1 stand upon
it; I have tried to show that many of these pro-
ceedings are m conflict with it; and instead of
being answered by reason, I have been answered
by rhetoric and declamation alone. The gauntlet
thrown down has not been taken up on the other
side of the Chamber, and there has been no
studied, clear, manly attempt to defend, upon
constitutional grounds, the proceedings that are
being enacted around us every day, and I venture
to say there will be none.
One other word, and only one other. I am not
in the habit of undertaking to instruct Senators
as to their duty, or in the habit of forming or ex-
pressing any opinions on this fioor as to whether
they represent their constituents or not. * The
Senator from Ohio undertakes to say that, in op-
posing this resolution, and in my general course
here in opposition to the war, I am not represent-
ing the people of Kentucky. Sir, I think I am.
I am representing my own convictions, and, as I
believe, theirs. To*that tribunal, however, I will
submit the question; and if, indeed, it be true that
the people of Kentucky shall believe that the
prosperity and peace of this counjry can be best
promoted by an unnatural, fratricidal, and horri-
ble war, and they shall determine to throw their
energies into this struggle, not for the preserva-
tion of the Constitution and the principles of lib-
erty, but, in my opinion, for the destruction of
both, 1 will acquiesce, in sadness and in tears, in
her decision; but I will no longer be her repre-
sentative upon the floor of the American Senate.
The Senator from Ohio is for this war, and he
closes by saying so. Sir, I close by saying that,
as a friend of the Constitution, as a friend of my
country, as a Senator from the State of Kentucky,
and as a philanthropist, I am against this war.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, some ob-
servations have just fallen from the Senator from
Kentucky which require a reply. The Senator
charges upon the majority, or those representing
the majority upon this fioor, the responsibility of
involving the country in civil war. He charges
that last winter, if the majority had yielded to the
demands of the minority, the country would now
be at peace. Sir, what were those demands made
by the minority? Not to support the Constitu-
tion ; not to stand by the Constitution as it is; but
to make a new Constitution; and a new Consti-
tution by the provisions of which the institution
of slavery should be carried into all the Territo-
ries we now have south of 36° 30', and all the
Territories we can ever acquire, even to Ctipe
Horn. Sir, not only did they make the demand
of a new Constitution, but they demanded it with
arms in their hands. Do you suppose, when a
demand like this was made, with arms in tho
hands of a minority, threatening to overturn tho.
Government, that such a demand would be ac-
quiesced in by the representatives of a majority
of the American people?
Does that honorable Senator, who was himself
a candidate for the presidential office, when de-
feated in the election, suppose that the majority,
under the Constitution, would yield to the.mmor-
ity who were already in arms to prevent the in-
auguration of their candidate? That because the
majority refused to submit to this humiliating
demand of a minority, as a condition precedent,
the majority arc responsible for this war? Behold
those gentle advocates of peace seizing ourforts,
firing upon our flag, at the mouths of their cannon
demanding a new Constitution, or that the old one
should be overthrown! Worse than all, Mr.
President, when the question was put to the rep-
resentatives of this minority in the peace con-
gress, " if we yield to your demand, if we now
agree that the Constitution shall be changed so
that the institution of slavery, by virtue of tho
Constitution, shall be carried into all the Territo-
ries we now have south of 36° 30', and all wo
may ever acquire in Mexico, Central and South-
ern America, will youthen give up your doctrine
of secession and stand by the Union?" the an-
swer was, " not at all " Sir, wo could have no
Union worth having on any terms whatever. It
was always a Union with the nghtinsisted upon,
with arms in their hands, at any time to with-
draw—a miserable, contemptible sham. In ono
word, it was a defeated minority, with arms in
their hands, demanding not only a new Consti-
tution of the majority, but demanding us to ac-
knowledge and acquiesce in this asserted right of
secession—in short, the destruction of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. POLK. Will the Senator allow me to ask
him what proposition he refers to when he says
that? I do not understand the facts to be that
way at all.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Those are facts of history,
known to all the world. I will go further, as I am
now on the fioor. I charge upon the friends of
the Senator from Kentucky himself that their
design in the breaking up of the Democratic con-
vention in Charleston long before the election,
was to force on this very issue, and break up the
Government. Forproof, I refer to the declarations
of his own friends in that convention, and in the
secession convention of South Carolina, as pub-
lished at the time throughout the United States.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Will the Senator
allow me to interrupt him for a moment, for a
single sentence only? Time and again, since the
