1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
commencement of this session of the Senate, kin-
dred personal allusions have been made to myself,
Although they are not unparliamentary, I think
them both ungenerous and unjust. I ask, sir,
that the views I take of constitutional duty, and
the arguments by which I maintain them, may be
met with courtesy and candor; and it adds not to
a great cause to undertake to make it turn upon
a personal point, leveled against an individual.
I add one word more, sir. Doubtless the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin believes that what he has
said is true. I as firmly believe it not to be true;
and that it was not true was proved by subse-
quent conduct after the result of the presidential
election was known, when persistent, patriotic,
long continued, earnest efforts were made here
upon the part of some of those, and a large por-
tion of those whom he now'stigmatizes, to adjust
this question, and when the adjustment was re-
fused by those who cooperate with the Senator.
In regard to myself, those who know me best
know that never, from the moment I knew what
a Constitution or a country was, did I ever utter
one word, or cherish one thought, that was false
to the Constitution and Union of my country.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the state-
ment which the honorable Senator has made that
there were many individuals who desired and
hoped that, by some compromise last winter, this
difficulty might be prevented or deferred, I shall
not deny; but what I charge is that the leaders
among the disuniomsts, and many of the leaders
among those who were here undertaking to press
these tonus upon the majority, designed to make
it the pretext for carrying out their disunion and
treasonable designs. They knew that they wore
demanding, and intended to demand, what never
could be conceded; and they made the demand on
purpose to be refused, with the very purpose of
carrying their States and their people out of the
Union.
The Senator talks a great deal about the tramp-
ling on the Constitution of the United States by
the President in calling on the military power of
the country to defend the capital. Sir, 1 shall not
go into a discussion of this question now; 1 will,
however, make; one remark. Everybody knows
that any private individual, even without any
warrant whatever, has a right to arrest another
individual when he is m the very act of committing
a felony, and to use all the force necessary to make
the arrest. 1 therefore undertake to say, that if
there were ten thousand men in arms in Virginia
to-day, actually waging wai against the Govern-
ment of the United States, engaged in actual trea-
son against it with arms in their hands, 1, as a
private individual, without being President, with-
out being clothed with any official authority what-
ever, have a ri^ht to ask one hundred thousand
of my fellow-citizens to volunteer with me, and
with arms in our hands to go and take possession
of these ten thousand men in arms against the
Government, and to do every act which is neces-
sary to accomplish it, even to the talcing of their
lives. And now, m this Capitol, within hearing
of the cannon of traitors, men stand up here, day
after day, splitting hairs, talking about the Con-
stitution of the United States being trampled under
foot by the President, for doing what 1, as a pri-
vate individual, might do against these men now
actually engaged in the commission of the crime
of treason against the United States. What a
private individual might do, certainly the Presi-
dent of the United States may do, who is charged
by the Constitution with the expiess duty of ex-
ecuting the laws; and, by the acts of Congress, is
clothed with the power to call the Army and
Navy and the whole militia of the country, even if it
were a million men, to arms, to come around him
to defend the capital and to enforce the laws.
Surely, what a private individual without warrant
might do, the President may do under the powers
with which he is clothed by the Constitution and
laws.
That Senator ventures to predict that if this war
is to be prosecuted until the rebellion is putdown,
or for twelve months, it is to be the grave of the
American Republic, and the grave of liberty on
this continent. Mr. President, I do not so read
the future. I believe that the Government of the
United States is to-day stronger, and will be more
enduring, than any other Government on the face
of the earth. I believe, too, that from this time
onward it will rise in its career to a point highei
than it has ever yet attained; and that the time is
coming when the States of this Union that have
been diseased and corrupted by disunionism will,
one after another, State after State, take their
position side by side with the loyal States of the
Union, and be as loyal—ay, more loyal—than
they have been for the las't fifteen years. I re-
member very well that a late Senator from Vir-
ginia, (Mr. Hunter,) last winter, gave us a new
word. These words are sometimes fearful things.
Lane, of Oregon, gave us " coercion;" some other
Senator " subjugationbut Hunter gave us "re-
construction." 44 The Union is broken," said
Mr. Hunter; " how can it be reconstructed?"
Ay, reconstruction; we thank him for that word.
What has transpired in this body already has
shown how reconstruction may go on. That
reconstruction, let me tell the Senator from Ken-
tucky, is not a reconstruction of the Constitution,
but a reconstruction upon the Constitution. Vir-
ginia is reconstructing herself. Her recreant Sen-
ators, that have proved traitors to the Government
of the United States, are banished from these
Ilalls; and Virginia, reconstructing, redeeming,
regenerating herself, is taking her position once
more upon the Constitution; is again represented
in this Hall, speaking once more the language of
her Washington, her Jefferson, and her Madison.
Tennessee will soon do the same. Her recreant
Senator will learn that the loyal people of Ten-
nessee, aided by the loyal people of the other
States, still represented as she is by her heroic
Senator, will take her position as strongly here
as any other State in the Union; as loyal as that
hero whose sacrcd remains still rest in her soil.
And I say to the Senator from Kentucky, I do
not believe that his State will ever prove disloyal
to the flag of the Union. When Virginia and
Tennessee and Texas shall reconstruct themselves
upon the Constitution, the time will soon come
when reconstruction will begin even in the Gulf
States. The way for this reconstruction is plain
and simple. Itis not by undertaking to overthrow
the Constitution, but by maintaining the Consti-
tution. The loyal people of those States will
rally to the Constitution, and plant themselves
upon the Constitution; and we will rally by their
side.
Let me say to the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky there is a clause in the Constitution of the
United States which he seems to have overlooked;
and that clause is, that the United States shall
guaranty to every State a republican form of gov-
ernment; and when a military despotism 1ms
seized South Carolina and Alabama and Georgia
and Louisiana, and crushed out all republican
form of government under its iron heel, and has
attempted to seize Virginia and Tennessee, what
is the duty of this Government but to rally to
their support; to guaranty to the people of those
States a republican form of government? It is in
the exercise of that power that we are sworn to
stand, and will stand, by those people. I say to
the Senator from Kentucky, that the loyal people
of these United States have sworn by Him that
livoth forever and ever, that, whatever shall stand
in the way of (he supremacy of the Constitution
of the United States, and the laws made under it,
they will, by God's help, tramplem pieces. There
is no mistaking the purpose of this people; it is
not to overthrow the Constitution, but to sustain
it and maintain it; and they will do it whatever it
may cost of blood and treasure.
1 shall sustain this i esolution of the Senator
from Tennessee.
Mr. BROWNING. Mr. President, I should
have been content to vote for the resolution
without troubling the Senate, or consuming its
time, by submitting any remark whatever on it.
Although I confess that the resolution does not
precisely meet my wishes, I should still, all
things considered, have adopted it and given a
silent vote for it, had it not been for the course
of remark indulged in by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, and which, for one, I am not content shall
go to the country without a very few words of
response.
The Senator from Kentucky has been indulged
during this session in the largest possible liberty
of speech, and he has availed himself freely of the
privilege; and on every occasion—with no excep-
tion, so far as I know—when he has addressed
the Senate, he has assailed vehemently, if I may
not say vindictively, the Pesident of the United
States, and the Administration; and, sir, for
what ? He charges upon them that they have in-
augurated and are no\$ prosecuting a fratricidal
and horrible war, and that in violation of every
principle of the Constitution. Throughout ail
his denunciation of the President and the Admin-
istration, I haveheardno word, no single word of
condemnation of the atrocious conduct of the
States that are in rebellion against this Govern-
ment. '
Fpr the first time in our country's histoi^ our
country's flag was subjected to the indignity of
an assault at the hands of American citizens; an
infamous, an unprovoked, a causeless assault.
Our forts were seized upon—as I have before
said—our armories and our arsenals were robbed;
our custom-houses were despoiled; a system of
stupendous plunder and thievery was inaugurated
all over the States that have seceded and with-
drawn, or attempted to withdraw, from the just
authority of this Government. Yet, sir, notwith-
standing all this I have heard no single word ut-
tered by the Senator from Kentucky in denuncia-
tion of it, in indignant denunciation, as it should
have received at his hands, as at the hands of
every other loyal American citizen.
Now, sir, I desire to ask, and to ask respect-
fully, of the Senator from Kentucky-, whom I
have always been proud to call my friend—and I
desire the question to be answered—does he ap-
prove of the conduct of South Carolina in with-
drawing, or attempting to withdraw, from this
Government, rending asunder the Confederacy,
breaking up the Union,and assailing our flag both
upon land and sea? I desire to know whether that
act of South Carolina meets with his approval and
his indorsement? I desire further to know if he
approves of the acts of the States that have fol-
lowed the treasonable lead of South Carolina? Is
he here upon this floor to vindicate them, and to
hurl unccasing denunciations upon a President
who was never surpassed by any man who ruled
a people on earth, in all that constitutes patriot-
ism, honor, integrity, and devotion to the great
cause of human rights?
Sir, I deny, and deny in the most emphatic
manner in which denial can be made, that it is
true that the President or the Administration is,
to any extent, responsible for the unhappy con-
dition in which this country now finds herself
placed. I desire further to ask of the Senator
from Kentucky, what, in his judgment, the Pres-
ident and the Administration should have done
when the flag was fired upon, when Fort Sumter
was assaulted, when a suffering and starving hand-
ful of loyal men in the discharge of their rightful
duties were fired upon, and their very lives as-
sailed; what, I desire to know, in the judgment
of the Senator from Kentucky, should the Pres-
ident and the Administration of this Government
have done? He has not informed us. No one
of those who have participated in these assaults
upon the Administration has informed us; they
have not condescended to inform either us or the
country what, in their judgment, the Government
should have done. Should it have humbled itself
before treason? Should it have bowed abjectly to
the demands of traitors, and have said, " because
you demand it, we assent to a disruption of this
Government, an overthrow of the Constitution,a
dismemberment of the Union; we submit to your
behests, and we will never venture for ourselves
to think or act until we have first had your per-
mission to do so r" Was that what he thinks we
ought to have done? If not submit to it, what
other course was there open but the very course
that was adopted and pursued? The alternative
was cither abject, servile, disgraceful submission,
or manly, constitutional, heroic resistance to the
infamies that had been committed against us.
Which course does the Senator think should have
been adopted ? •
I call attention again to the fact that these gen-
tlemen have not ventured to say, either to the
Senate or to the country, what they think should
have been done. They content themselves with
assailing and denouncing the Administration, and
they give the country no intimation of what, in
their opinion, it was proper the country should
have done, in that hour of her peril, for her own
self-defense. Mr. President, on the part of the
Administration, on the part of the country, on
the part of every loyal citizen in the country, this
is as strictly and literally a war of self-defense as
