1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
265
this Chamber that all concession was refused that
was asked by the people of the South, when his
own State, if f understand it, brought forward the
propositions, and the free States accepted it?
Mr. KENNEDY. They were voted down.
Mr. BROWNING-. I understand they were
voted down. They were accepted in the conven-
tion, and were voted down beconse they w^renot
enough, if I am mistaken, I shall be obliged to
my friend from Maryland if he will correct me.
I do not wish to misstate anything, or misrepre-
sent anybody; but I find that they were denounced
upon this floor by southern Senators in terms
fiercer than any that I have the power or capacity
to use.
Mr. KENNEDY. If the Senator will allow
me to interrupt him—I am sure ho will not regard
it as an intrusion—I will say one word.
Mr. BROWNING. Certainly not. I yield
with pleasure.
Mr. KENNEDY. I can only say, as a mem-
ber of the last Congress, that the propositions
were voted down on the very last night of the
.session—on Sunday night. A vote was taken
perialim on every one, and every one was voted
down by a majority of the Senate.
Mr. BRO WNING. 1 make no pointupon that.
The point I make is, that the proposition of com-
promise was denounced on thisfloor by southern
Senators, and especially by the Senators from
Virginia; and if I am in error in that, I shall be
happy to be corrected. I think I am not.
The Senator from Kentucky speaks for his own
people. He, and not I, is their organ upon this
floor; but I must be permitted to say that I cannot
bring myself to believe that the people of Ken-
tucky, that X love as my native State with a fer-
vency and devotion of alfection which yields only
to that winch I bear to the noble State of my
adoption—I say, sir, i cannot bring myself to be-
lieve that the«hearts of the people of that gallant
State, whose history covers some of the brightest
pages in our nation's chronicles, who have won
renown upon every stricken field in defense of
this Government, from the time she became a
member of the Confederacy, are disloyal to the
flag that floated over their fathers, and under
whose folds tiiis entire country was first conse-
crated to the great cause of libcity. No, sir; I
cannot and I will not believe that the hearts of the
people of Kentucky, whatever the hearts of her
authorities may be—I will not insinuate that the
heart of the Senator is or can be disloyal to his
country's flag—however disloyal her organized
, government may be, wiTl ever consent to contrib-
ute their means and their valor to the dishonor of
our flag, to the overthrow of our Goverment,and
to the crushing dpwn of the hopes, not only of
America, but of all the devotees of liberty over
the face of the earth.
I ought to apologize, Mr. President, to the Sen-
ate for the length of time I have consumed. I
have occupied a great deal more than i intended
when I rose.
Mr. liltECKINUIDGE. I lise only to say,
that as the Senate does not seem disposed to con-
tinue the discussion on this resolution, I will not,
as 1 had intended, make a short reply to the Sen-
ator from Illinois. Perhaps I may do so, or may
not, on some future occasion, upon some bill,
before the close of the session. I will not interfere,
however, with the vote upon the pending resolu-
tion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I ask for the
yeas and nays on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. LATHAM. They have been ordered al-
ready. They were ordered yesterday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The record
does not show that the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. KENNEDY (when his name was called)
said: With the objection I have stated to the first
part of this resolution, I will vote " yea."
Mr. SAULSIiCJRY (when his name was called)
said: As the only legitimate purposes for which
this war can be prosecuted are those disclosed in
the resolution, without attempting to know for
what purpose those in power may prosecute it,
I shall vote in favor of the resolution.' I vote
" yea."
The Secretary concluded the calling of the roll.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
inform the Senate that there is no quorum voting.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE, There were many
Senators here a few moments ago who are not
now in the Chamber. I trust the vote will not
be prematurely announced, as the Senators, I
suppose, will be in in a moment.
Mr. LATHAM, (after a pause.) As there is
no quorum, 1 presume it will be in order to move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. CLARK. There will be a quorum pres-
ently. Senators have been sent for.
Mr. LATHAM. Very well. I will not make
the motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN, (after a pause.) I was in
hopes that the question would bo taken on this
resolution this evening, because I am apprehens-
ive, if it goes over, we may have further debate
upon it. It seems, however, there is not a quorum
to vote on the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
quorum now present. [Mr. Trumbull having
appeared in the Chamber.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. If there is a quorum pres-
ent, I will not make the motion I was about to
submit.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The question, I under-
stand, is on the adoption of the resolution of the
Senator from Tennessee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As that resolution con-
tains a statement which, in my opinion, is un-
true, that this capital is surrounded by armed men
who started this revolt, I cannot vote for it. 1
shall vote nay."
I wish to add one word. The revolt was occa-
sioned, in my opinion, by people who are not
here or in this vicinity. It was started in South
Carolina. I think the resolution limits it to a class
of persons who were not the originators of this
rebellion.
Mr. POWELL. Before the result is announced,
I desire to say that I also vote against the resolu-
tion because I behove it to contain statements that
arc untrue.
The result was then announced—yeas 30, nays
5; as follows:
•yiOAB~>Tess-n. Anthonv, Hrownin?, Chandler, Clark,
Cowan, Dixon, DoolittJe, Fesseiulen, Foot, Foster, Giiim's,
Hail.in, Ilnrti>, Howe, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy,
King, fjano ot Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Latham, iWonill,
No-mith, i'omoioy, fcSaul>bnry. Sherman, Ten Iiyck, YV.idc,
Wilkinson, Willey, and Wilson—30.
NAVS—Messrs. Breckinridge, Johnson of Missouri,
Polk, Powell, and Trumbull—5.
So the resolution was adopted.
organization 03? tiie army.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill
of the Senate (No. 3) providing for the better
organization of the military establishment, dis-
agreed to by the Senate and insisted on by the
House of Representatives; and
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Raolual, That the f*cnat<  nw^t on its d^agi cement to
the ann' idmoi>r oi tho Ilou-e oi ilfproMMitiilivc* to the
f-atd hill, in^M«'d on b> the and agree to the eon-
let unee staked bvihe fiou->e on the di&a^ieeing votes, of the
two Houses thuoon.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Presidentp-o
tempore was authorized to appoint the committee
of conference on the part of the Senate; and Mr.
Wilson, Mr. Grimes, and Mr. Rice, were ap-
pointed.
the national loan.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill
of the Senate (No. 41) supplementary to an act
entitled " An act to authorize a national loan, and
for other purposes;" and
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee on Finance.
executive session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If there is no other busi-
ness on the table, I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business. Some
messages have been received which can be dis-
posed of in a moment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 25, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton-.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE fkom THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed thebill of this
House providing for the payment of the police
organized by the United States in the city of Bal-
timore, with amendments, in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to make a brief personal
explanation.
JThcre was no objection.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Speaker, I have
been assured by some of my friends, to whose
opinions I defer, that in the course of some re-
marks which I made yesterday, I probably, in
the heat of debate, went a little too far. I have
arisen this morning for the purpose of saying that
my remarks of yesterday were entirely without
premeditation. If, in the heat of debate, I have
wounded the feelings of any gentleman, I regret
it. Jf I have offended the dignity of this House,
1 make an humble apology for having done so.
Mr. Speaker, this apology is made in justice to
my own feelings, and prompted by no other mo-
tive. 1 have had a seat in this House for many
years; and duringall that time yesterday was the
only occasion that 1 have been borne into per-
sonal conflict. It may be, as 1 am assured by my
friends, that I was borne further than I intended
to go; and therefore I make my apology for it to
the House.
INDUSTRY OF ALL NATIONS.
Mr. HUTCIUNS, from the Committee on
Manufactures, reported back without amend-
ment, and with a recommendation that it do pass,
the joint resolution (S. No. 9) relative to the ex-
hibition of the industry of all nations, to be held
in London in May next.
The joint resolution was road. It authorizes
the President to take such measures as shall to
him seem best to facilitate the proper represent-
ation of the industrial interest of the United States
at the exhibition of the industry of all nations to
be held at London in the year 1802; and it ap-
propriates §2,000 for the incidental expenses
thereof.
The joint resolution was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. HUTCHINS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
nebraska contested election.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, made a report on the memorial of J. Ster-
ling Morton, asking to be declared the sitting
Delegate for the Territory of Nebraska, instead
of lion. Samcel G. Daily, pending his contest
of the right to represent said Territory, accom-
panied with the following resolution:
llesolval, That the Onmimttoe of Elections be discharged
fiom the Itirther ronsideiation of the memorial of J. Ster-
ling Moiton. presented to lhe Ilo:i c on tue 1'ith instant,
asking that lie may be declared llie sitting Delegate for
the Terrihuy of Nebraska, instead 01 llun. Samuel G.
Daily, pending his content for the right to represent said
Teiritoiy, and that the s.iine do lie on the table; and this
without prejudice to the right of said Morton to prosecute
said contest on its merits.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to move that the papers
be printed, and that the resolution be agreed-to.
Before making that motion, however, I wish to
state to state to the House in substance what is
contained m the report, so that the House may
fully understand that this is not a resolution which
affects in any degree the meiits of the case. It
does not in any degree decide which of these two
gentlemen is the rightful Delegate to repiesent the
Territory of Nebraska in this House. Itsimply
states that the action of the House, had heretofore,
has simply decided which of these gentleman shall
occupy the seat pending the contest on the merits
of the question. The gentleman whose memorial
