2m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
has been presented to the committee feels that the
House has done wrong and made a mistake, and
that it should have declared, on the certificates
presented to the House, that he, instead of Mr.
Daily, should be declared the sitting member dur-
ing the pendency of the contest. His memorial
is, not tnat the Committee of Elections shall look
into and examine the me'rits of the case, to see
which of them has got a majority of the votes,
but that the House shall, at this time, undo what
was done on the second day of the session, and
declare that he, Mr. Morton, shall occupy the
seat which it declared, on full discussion, should
be occupied by Mr. Daily. It wUs urged by him
before the House, on that occasion, that if Mr.
Daily should be declared the sitting Delegate, and
he left to contest the seat on the merits, he, not
having complied with the law of 1851 requiring
notice of contest to be given in a specified time,
would be withoutan opportunity to contcst. The
House, therefore, on a subsequent day, author-
ized and required the committee to examine into
the merits of the case, and determine which had
the actual majority of votes, without regard to
the provisions of the law of lb51. The papers of
Mr. Morton were thereupon referred to the com-
mittee.
On calling these gentlemen before the commit-
tee to enter on the investigation of the question,
Mr. Morton makes this special memorial, asking
that duiing the pendency of the contcst he may
be declared the sitting Delegate and Mr. Daily
declared the contestant. But the committee con-
sidered that the action of the House on the second
day of the session, in declaring Mr. Daily the
sitting Delegate, precluded them from entering on
that question. The committee therefore report
the resolution that they be discharged from the
further consideration of this particular memorial;
but in order to guard Mr. Morton's rights fully,
they provide in the resolution that all this sluxli
be done without prejudice to his rights in the fur-
ther contest now pending before the committee.
T think the House fully understands it, and I
therefore call the previous question.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw the demand for the previous question?
Mr. DAW1W. For what purpose?
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 propose to make a few
remarks upon this question.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will renew the
demand fur the previous question, 1 will with-
draw it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 prefer not to move the
previous question unless the gentleman insists
upon it.
Mr. DAWES. I do not wish to open an un-
limited debate upon this question. It is common
law in this House that the previous question must
be called upon anything that anybody expects
ever to got a vote upon. If I can get any just and
reasonable terms from the gentleman from Illi-
nois, I most certainly shall give lum the floor.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 am bound to accede
to the gentleman's terms, foi he has the matter in
his own hands. I accept his terms, whatever they
may be.
Mr. DAWES. J could not fix: any time within
which the gentleman from Illinois shall confine
himself, because I could not deprive myself of the
pleasiue of hearing him as long as he chooses to
sspcak. I am not willing, however, to open the
door to everybody, for there are few gentlemen in
the House to whom f am as willing to listen as to
the gentleman from Illinois. I say, therefore, that
I will withdraw the demand for the previous ques-
tion if the gentleman will renew it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will renew the de-
mand, provided the gentleman is not satisfied after
he has heard me that further consideration should
be given to the mattei.
Mr. DAWES. I will withdraw the demand.
Mr. RJ CHARDSON. 1 have risen for the pur-
pose of making a motion that shall bring this
matter properly before the House. I think a great
wrong has been done by the action of the House
on the second day of the present session.
I am not here to-day, Mr. Speaker, for the pur-
pose of entering upon any discussion of the merits
of the contest between these two gentleman from
Nebraska. The ascertained right of Air. Morton
to hold the scat during the pendency of the con-
test is established by the law of the land, he hold-
ing the certificate of election, according to law.
What the merits of the contest may be I do not
know; and I will not peril my reputation by stat-
ing what the result of that contest will be, for I
know nothing about it. But I have to say—and
I desire the attention of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts—that I shall move to amend the report
of the committee by declaring that Mr. Morton
be admitted to the seat for the present; and I de-
sire further that Mr. Morton may be heard upon
that question. When he shall have been heard,
I will then be as ready as the gentleman from
Massachusetts to move the previous question. I
think he ought to be heard; he understands this
matter better than any of us; and I think the House
ought to give its consent to hear him in explana-
tion of his own case. I believe, if they will, they
will adopt the amendment which I offer.
Mr. DAAVES. I think it is perfectly right that
both these gentlemen should be heard upon the
merits of this case; and if 1 considered this in the
least a question affecting the merits of the case, I
could not say a word against it. But the condi-
tion of the case will remain precisely the same.
It is only a question which of these gentlemen
shall occupy the seat here m the mean time. The
question whether a majority of the people of the
Territory of Nebraska have sent Mr Daily or
Mr. Morton here, docs not come up now in any
shape. That question is still back in the com-
mittee, and still to be determined by them, under
the instructions of the House to disregard the law,
and go back to the simple question, who had a
majority of votes. The question here is solely
which of the gentlemen has so far such a paper
title as to permit him, during the contest, to oc-
cupy the position of sitting Delegate; and that
question the House, on the second day of the ses-
sion, decided so far as to permit Mr. Daily to be
sworn in and occupy the seat, for the time being.
That question was then discussed. My learned
friend from Illinois was heard fully and ably on
the subject. He made the motion then which he
proposes to make to-day. The gentleman from
Kansas proposed that Mr. Daily be sworn in.
The gentleman from Illinois moved to amend that
motion by striking out the name of Mr. Daily and
mseiting thut of Mr. Morton. The subject was
continued under consideration a gieat portion of
the day, until everybody had been heard who
desired to be heard upon it, and everybody voted
who desired to vote upon the gentleman's amend-
ment, by yeas and nays. The House then de-
cided between the paper title presented by Mr.
Daily and the paper title presented by Mr. Mor-
ton, and gave to Mr. Daily the benefit of its judg-
ment, that Mr. Daily's paper title was the best,
and that he should occupy the seat while the con-
test was going on.
Now, Kir. Speaker, when the merits of the case
come before the Ilouse for our consideration, it
has already been decided that both gentlemen
shall be heard; but I repeat that there is no matter
affecting the merits of the case in the question now
under consideration. That contcst is now going
on. There is no advantage to be taken before the
committee. The testimony is taken by both sides,
and nothing is to be gained or lost by either party,
whether the motion the gentleman fiom Illinois
now makes is adopted or rejected. The question
before the Committee of Elections, in connection
with this subject, is simply who received the
majority of votes, and not who is plaintiff or
defendant.
Now, sir, the House having spent nearly the
whole of the second day of the session in discuss-
ing and determining this preliminary question,
and having reiterated its decision by laying on the
table the motion to reconsider the vote by which
Mr. Daily was directed to be sworn in, I do not
know by what power it is that that action of the
House is now sought to bo undone.
I have no objection to the amendment of the
gentleman fiom Illinois being submitted to the
House. It matters not to me"in what shape the
matter comes before us for decision; and I am sat-
isfied that, if the House understands what it is
doing, it will not do so singular an act, to say the
least of it, as to declare one man to be the sitting
Delegate for the space of a fortnight, and then
declare another the sitting Delegate for another
fortnight; the contest all the time going on be- I
fore tiie Committee of Elections as to which gen-
tleman is entitled, by a majority of the votes given,
to be here as Delegate. I say I am not particular
about the gentleman's motion; but I hope the
time of the House will not be consumed by a fur-
ther discussion of the case.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to reply par-
ticularly'to the gentleman from Massachusetts. I
have great regard for that gentleman—very great
regard. But, sir, why is it, if the Committee of
Elections have perfect power over this entire sub-
ject, that that committee have reported it back
here again upon the petition of the gentleman who
ought to be the sitting Delegate ? If you have
perfect power already, what object is to be gained
by getting another vote upon it in the House?
What is the object? I ask the question.
Mr. DAWES. I will tell the gentleman. The
rule which governs me in this House is this: if
any individual, however humble he may be, how-
ever high he may be, however respectable he may
be, conies to this House with a petition, couched
in proper terms, he shall be heard by me before
the committee; I will report upon his memorial,
and the House shall have an opportunity to vote,
upon it. Mr. Morton in this case presented a me-
morial, which was referred to the Committee of
Elections; and I, as a member of that committee,
have heard him upon that memorial, and reported
upon it. It was the opinion of the committee that
he asked of us a matter upon which he was pre-
cluded by a vote of the House. Nevertheless, as
well in accordance with our own ideas, and what
was right, as in accordance with his own special
request, we brought this matter before die House
to sec whether the House agreed with the com-
mittee. If the House do not agree with the com-
mittee they will unseat the member they seated
here a fortnight ago, while we are determining as
to the right to the seat; that is all.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Speaker, it is to
that I object. I am not here for the purpose of
making complaint of the rulings of any of the
committees. I am not here to-day for the pur-
pose of discussing questions that are decided some-
times in our courts upon pleas. I undeistand that
under* our Government the great question to be
decided is, what is the will of the people as to who
shall represent them upon this floor? I discasd
all form. I discard all quibbling. I enter upon
this question as I would upon that of the right of
petition. I agree to what the gentleman has said,
and said so well, about the right of petition. The
petition in this particular case was for the pur-
pose merely of bringing to the attention of the
committee a legal question, and a legal question 4
alone. The committee report back that the House
has done thus and so. Now, sir, in our courts of
justice, where new tiials are gnyited, the attorney
of the victorious side is not allowed, in an honest
court, at least, to allude to the finding of a previ-
ous jury. It is for that reason the verdict is set
aside. It is that the law may be vindicated and
established, that you have these new trials.
What is this report? Why, Mr. Speaker, it is
this: that a previous jury has decided thus and
so; not what the law of the case is, but that a
previous jury had decided thus and so. I have,
sir, great respcct for the Committee of Elections.
I have a particular respect for the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] chairman of the
committee. I have heard him, and with very
great pleasure, assert his views m reference to the
law. I respect his views, because I think they
are always prompted not only by high intellect,
but a pure heart. After I have said this much,
the gentleman from Massachusetts must permit
me to say, and it is not meant unkindly, or to be
offensive—the Committee of Elections will per-
mit me to say that I think their report is not
marked by that dignity of deliberation that ought
to characterize the Representatives of the Amer-
ican people. The question is not what have we
done. It is not that, sir; but it is, what is the law?
It is a questioi^of law—of right. That is what
it is, and that is all it is. We have no ieport on
that question; and hence it is that I move my
amendment, in order to bring the subject before
another jury.
I say to tiie gentleman from Massachusetts; I
say to the House; and I say to you, Mr. Speaker,
that in Ihe discussion the other day, while I
thought I saw the line of law and plain duty be-
fore me, yet I' did not feel able lo impress the
