1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
267
House with my own convictions. I did not be-
lieve that the House would have decided so hast-
ily. I believed thatasimple statement of the case
was sufficient at that time. Sir, X was mistaken.
Therefore, I have desired that the contestant
might be permitted to present his own case. I
know him. I will say of him that, of all the
young men in the country, and I am familiar with
a very great many of them, he has the greatest
intellect and the most future. I pass this com-
pliment upon him. I have known him for years,
and I have watched him well. Beyond the Ohio
river there is not a brighter intellect. Gentlemen,
you will hear of him hereafter; mark my words.
And I will say of Mr. Daily—and I say it with
pleasure—that he is a clever gentleman. He was
a member of the Legislative Assembly when I
was Governor of Nebraska Territory. I found
him ready to support me at all times in the vin-
dication of the law, and in everything calculated
to contribute to the welfare and prosperity of the
country. I am not here, Mr. Speaker, to say
one word offensive to him. But 1 do think that
the American House of Representatives have
committed an outrage in permitting the Governor
of the Territory, in violation of his oath, in vio-
lation of his duty, and in violation of every trust
reposed in him, to unseat a Delegate as has been
done in this case.
I have said all 1 desire to say. I have moved
to substitute the name of Mr. Morton, and to
permit him to be heard. The gentleman from
Massachusetts says that he wants to be heard on
the merits. I ha\c but one word of reply. Tins
the merit of the case. Mr. Morton came here,
Mr. Daily contesting his seat. He only took evi-
dence enough for the purpose of rebutting what
Mi. Daily alleged. He has taken no depositions
for the purpose of unseating Mr. Daily. Mr.
Daily recognized the fact that Mr. Morton was
elected. Mr. Morton recognized it. Everybody
recognized it.
Mr. DAWES. That my friend may not labor
under any misapprehension, I will state to him,
and to the House, that when he says that Mr.
Morton only took testimony enough to meet the
ease made out by Mr. Daily, he ought also to
state that the committee distinctly informed Mi.
Morton that, under the instructions of the House,
they were bound io say to him that between now
and the sitting of the House in December, he was
at liberty to take all the testimony he chose. Mr.
Daily informed the committee that he would not
object to any testimony taken by Mr. Morton be-
tween now and the sitting of Congress in De-
cember. There has been no obstruction thrown
in the way of this contest on the part of the House,
on the part of the committee, or on the part of
the contestant or sitting member. They have all
approached if with the idea that the only duty
incumbent upon them was to ascertain who had
the majority of legal votes cast on the day of elec-
tion for a delegate to Congiess. It is due to the
committee to say that every member of it is actu-
ated solely by a desire to ascertain that fact, and
that fact only.
Mr. ltlCUARDSON. I have no doubt of it.
Air. DAWES. When my friend says that we
have hardly done justice to the memorial, let me
say to him, that it was only a question whether
we should bring it before the. House in the way
we have, or to keep it in committee until we had
decided the merits. If we had kept it in com-
mittee until we had decided the merits, then Mr.
Daily would have occupied the seat, and Mr.
Morton would have been the contestant. We feel
it due to Mi. Moiton, as a matter of justice, to
bring it before the House in the way we have,at
the same time, stating to the House our opinion
as a matter of law, if my friend pleases to call it
so, that this is a judgment of the House already
entered up; and that, wlule it, continues as a judg-
ment of the House, it is not in our power, by a
hearing upon the memorial before the committee,
to reverse that judgment.
Mr. IUCIIARDSON. I desire to say, once for
all, to the gentleman from Massachusetts, that I
have expressed my confidcnce in his judgment
because I feel it. If I did not, I would not say so.
T do not impugn the committee at all. I believe
they have done what they believed to be right and
proper. But I desire to call the attention of the
gentleman from Massachusetts to another point.
He thinks I have done him injustice by saying
that Mr. Morton was not in the condition of a
contestant. He said that the committee and Mr.
Daily had agreed thus and so. What of it? Does
the Committee of Elections pass laws? What
right, either by the consent of Daily or of the
Committee of Elections, has Morton to contest
the seat under a law passed by both Houses?
Mr. DAWES. According tcf the argument of
the gentleman from Illinois, there has been no law
up-to 1851 for contesting a seat here. According
to his argument, all the cases since that time which
have been decided upon testimony taken outside
of that law, have been decided without law, which
can hardly be the case. The law of 1851 is not
a command, but only a direction. It only pro-
vided a method by which parties may avail them-
selves of an early day to prepare their case; but
each House is, by the Constitution, clothed with
authority beyond this law, and it was not in the
power of the two Houses and of the President, in
1851, to prescribe a law for this House. This
House alone, touching the right of each member
to his scat, is a law unto itself; and the House de-
cided by a vote, on the second day of the session,
the 5th day of this month, that this contest shall
be carried on without regard to the law of 1851.
Now, I hope my friend will call the previous
question.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to say a single
word further. I agree with the gentleman as to
the power of this House, touching the election
and qualification of its members; but there is
another thing which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts is too good a lawyer to deny—that the
House and Senate can prescribe the means by
which testimony shall be taken. Tiiey have the
power to do that; and under that power gentlemen
have been cut off for not taking testimony accord-
ing to law. Now, sir, we pass laws in ourStates
every day, for the purpose of determining what
shall and what shall not be evidence, how it shall
be taken, and what notice .shall 1)0 given. Now
I say that where the law prescribes the mode in
which testimony shall be taken, if the testimony
is not taken in accordance with that law neither
a court nor Congress has the right to hear the
testimony, it is excluded, under such circum-
stanccs.
Mr. DAWES. I have only to say that the
whole course of precedents of this House, fiom
the foundation of the Government, is in the face
of the gentleman's statement; that every House
has determined for itself, without regard to any
law back of it, what particular testimony they
will, and what particular testimony they will not,
receive, touching the right of any member to a
scat upon this floor.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I regret vciy much to
make an issue with my friend from Massachu-
setts. I suppose he is a better lawyer than I am.
I concede it. But I say to the gentleman that he
has misapprehended the point I made, which is,
that after Congress has prescribed the mode of
taking testimony, if it is not taken in that mode
it will not beieceivnd.
1 move to amend the resolution reported by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, by striking out
all after the word " resolved," and inserting:
That J. Sterling Moiton be d^cMrrd flic- silling T>h.vate
fiom tlie 'JYuito'y of Nebraska, itt-twul of Hon. tfanmel
(7. D.ulv, pending the contest of the right to represent said
Ten itoi>.
I move the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to lay the sub-
ject upon the table.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I desire to offer an
amendment to the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been called, and an amendment is not now m
order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. My motion is the easiest
way to settle the question. If the House icfuse
to lay the mgittcr upon the table, my colleague !
will have a chance to offer his amendment. j
The motion to lay upon the table was agreed to. j
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
last vote; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question was then put upon the motion to
print; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to ask the
Chair a single question. Does the vote just taken,
to lay on the table, carry the whole question with
it ?
The SPEAKER. It carries to the table simply
the report made by the committee; leaving the
committee to investigate the whole question.
NATIONAL LOAN BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, reported
back, with an amendment, an act (S. No. 41) sup-
plemental to an act entitled " An act to authorize
a national loan, and for other purposes."
No objection being made, the bill and amend-
ment were taken up for consideration.
The amendment reported by the committee was
read, as follows:
Stukcoutall alter the first section, and insert the fol-
lowing :
rire *2. JlnJ be it further enacted. That the Treasury
notes, under the provisions of the s>aul act to authorize a
national loan ami foi other puiposes, or of any other act
no-vv in forcc, autluniziiig the issue of such notes, shall be
signed by the Ticasurer ot the United Status, or by porno
ofheer ot the Treasuiy Department, designated by the Sec-
retary of the Tiea&ury, for said Treasuier. and counter-
signed by the ltegUu r of the Treasuiy, or by some officer
ot the Treasuiy Department, designated by the Secretary
of the Tieasury, for said Register; and 110 Treasury notes,
jst-ued under said act, shall lequire the seal of the Treasury
Department.
Sec. 3. -Andbcit further enacted. That the Secretary of
the TieaMuy may fix the denominations of the Treasury
notes below fifty dollars; and, if he shall deem  t expedient,
may issue, in exchange for com, or in payment of public
duos, Treasury notes bearing interest not exceeding nine
per cent., payable setni-antniaiiy, at the oftiec ot the As-
sistant Treasurer at New York, anything in said act to the
eontiar> notwithstanding; but the aggiegate amount of all
bonds and Treasuiy noted i^ued shall not exceed the ag-
girgnto of 00(1,0(1(1, limited by said act.
Sec. 4. Jind be 11 further enacted, That lor the full and
punctual pa> inent ot the loan authorized bj the act entitled
- An net to anthoi izo a national Jo.m, and foi oilier pur-
pose-," approved July 17, 1861, the United Slates specifi-
cally pledges the duties of impost on tea, coft'ee, sugar,
spices, wine-, and liquois, and also &uch excise and other
internal duties and taxes as may bo leceived into the
Treasuiy.
Mr. NOBLE. I move to amend the third sec-
tion by striking out u nine" and inserting "six."
Mr. CURTIS. I move to amend the amend-
•ment by striking out "six" and inserting4' three."
Mr. COX. 1 wish to propound a question to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I do not un-
dcistand the full tenor of this section which has
been proposed by the committee, and I as>k the
gentleman whether the Secretary of the Treasuiy,
under that section, has, at his discretion, the right
to issue notes in denominations under fifty dollars?
Mr. STEVENS. That is so.
Mr. COX. Then I think we ought to have a
vote upon that proposition by yeas and nays.
Mr. STEVENS. The limitation in the ori-
ginal hill was ten dollars. The section which the
committee have proposed lnnovcs tlmtiestriction,
and leaves it to the discretion of the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue Treasury notes below ten
dollars. It goes further, and allows that officer
to increase the interest upon those notes to nine
per cent., if he deems it necessary in order to
negotiate them. It is thought that a very large
amount of notes, in denomination below ten dol-
lars, may be passed oif in the payment of dues,
and which cannot well be negotiated now. It is
believed, also, that it will be found impossible to
negotiate enough of Treasury notes, at the pres-
ent rate of interest, to meet the present pressing
demand of the Treasury. The Secretary of the
Treasury thinks that, by raising the interest to
nine per cent., he can negotiate them to an extent
sufficient to meet the present demand. Under the
calamity which has befallen us, it is found impos-
sible to negotiate the loan with sufficient^>rompt-
ncss to meet the demand of theTreasury. It must
be recollected that the demand is well nigh a mil-
lion dollars a day, and, unless there is some
such means as this adopted, it is not perceived by
the Department how the means can be raised. I
move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put; and, under the
operation thereof, the amendment to the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Noble,
Mr. NOBLE called the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on 'Ways and Means.
