268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Clerk again read the amendment.
Mr. VALLANDiGrHAM. It was the amend-
ment in relation to the Government shinplasters
that we asked the yeas and nays on.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The Clerk read
three or four amendments.
The SPEAKER. It was one entire amend-
ment.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 61, nays 60; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Alley, Arnold, Babbitt, Joseph Baily,
Baker, Bingham, Francis P. Blair, SamuelS, Blair, Camp-
ben, Fiederick A. Cotikling, Roscoe Colliding, Covode,
Cri&field, Curtis, Cutler, Diivis, Dawes, itolano, Dunn,
Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Fenton. Fesscnrten, Fianchot,
Frank, Gooch, Granger, Hale,Harrison, Horton, Ilutchins,
Julian, Keliey, Francis W. Kellogg, Lansing, Loomis,
Lovejoy, MeKean,McK.night, MePherson, Mitchell, Pom-
eroy, Potter, Alexander II. Rice, Riddle, Edward H. Rol-
lins, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield, giieHabargci, Sherman,
Sloan, Spauidmg, Stevens, Stratum, Tiain, Venee, MP.
Walton, Albeit S. White, and Windom—51.
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Ancona, Ashley, Goldsmith F.
Bailey, Baxter, Beaman, Blake, Goorgo II. Browne, Butfm-
ton, Burnett, Chambeilain, Cobb, Cooper, Coming, Cox,
Cravens, Diven, Dunlap, English, Fouke, Grider, Ilaight,
Hauling, lioiman. Jackson, Johnson, Law, Lcaiy, Logan,
McCieniand, M;iUoiy, W7ioihend,.Tustm S. Morrill, Moms,
Noble, Norton, iVugen, Odell, George If. Pendleton, Petiy,
John H. Itice, James s. Rollins, Smith, Jolm B. Steele,
WiJliam G. Steele, Trowbridge, Vallandighaii), Vandever,
Van Valkenbutgh, Vibbaid, Wadsnvoith, Wall, Chailes
W. Walton, Washburn*', Wheeler, Chilton A. White,
Wickhfle, WoodtufT, Worcester, and Wnght—60.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, stated that his
colleague, Mr. ArrLETQN, was detained fiom his
sent by indisposition.
Mr. STRATTON stated that Mr. Nixoji was
unavoidably absent from the city.
Mr. CAMPBELL stated that Mr. Hickman
was detained at home by illness.
Mr. COVODE announced that Mr. Patton
was still indisposed, and he understood he had
# left the city.
Mr. MOORHEAD,when his name was called,
said: The rate of interest being too high, I vote
<{ no."
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded, the bill was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
Ume, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Scnuto, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate insisted
upon its disagreement to the amendments of the
House to the bill of the Senate No.20,niilhomi <*
the appointment of an Assistant Secretary of the
Navy, fixing the salary of the same, and for other
purposes. Also, that the Senate insisted upon their
disagreement to the amendments of the llonae to
Senate hill No. 31, to increase the medical corps
of the Navy, and for other purposes; and had
agreed to the conferences asked bv the I louse on
the disagreeing votes of the two 1 louses on the
amendments to said bills, and had appointed
Messrs. Halm, Grimes, and McDougall mana-
gers of said conferences ou the part of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled, bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act for the hetterorganization of the Marine
Corps;
An aet in addition to the act to authorize the
employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the
laws and protecting the public propei ty, approved
July 22, 1861; and
An act relative to the revenue marine, to fix the
compensation of the officers thereof, and for other
purposes.
PAY OF UALTI3I01U3 POLICE.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous conscnt
of the House that House bill No. 70', to provide
for the payment of the police organized by the
United fimtes for the city of Baltimore, be taken
from Uc Speaker's table, in order that the amend-
ments of the Senate thereto may be agreed to.
JNo objection was made. j
1 he amendments of the Senate were read. \
Mr. STEVENS. 1 call the previous question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I make the point
of order that the appropriations contained in these
amendments have not been considered in the Com-
mittee of the "Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The amendments were taken
up by unanimous consent to be considered.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I was waiting to
hear the amendments read to make the objection;
and I beg that the Chair will not hereafter, unless
there is a distinct understanding, waive a point
of order by unanimous consent. I was waiting
to hear the amendments read, and did not give
consent.
The SPEAKER. Underthat statement ofthe
gentleman from Ohio, the Chair thinks the point
of order is in time, and sustains it. The amend-
ments are referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
INCREASED REVENUE BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report back the
bill (H. R. No. 71) in relation to increased reve-
nue, yesterday recommitted to that committee,
with the following repoit:
The Committee of Ways and Means, to whom IIousc
bill No. 71 was recommitted, respectfully report, that they
are unable to devise any piovision that will be constitu-
tional, and carry into effect the instiuctions ofthe House.
PAY OF BALTIMORE POLICE, ETC.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the House
resolve itselfinto the Committee ofthe Whole on
the state of the Union, for the purpose of consid-
ering House bill No. 76, with the amendments of
the Senate thereto, and that it be made the spe-
cial order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to that.
It is not in order to make it a special order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is in
order. The rule provides especially that appro-
priation bills may be made, the special order by
a majority of the House.
The motion to make the bill a special order was
agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the debate
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order shall close in five
minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
The question was then taken on the motion to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
ofthe Union; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. TCrli.ogg, of Illinois, in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to consider the special order, being House
bill No. 70, to provide for the payment of the
police organized by the United States for the city
of Baltimore, with the amendments of the Senate
thereto.
The amendments of the Senate were read, as
follows:
At lilt' end of the limine bill add, as follows:
8i:r. Jhal he it further cnactctf. That there be, and
hereby i.>, furthei ;ippiopi iated, our of any money in the
Treasury not oilu'rwi^o appiopiuued, the following sums:
To enable ihe Mint totuini-h  uch small gold coin"as may
be required tor tlte public sei vice, $40,000, or s o much theie-
oC as may be iiecc.«s<*try.
For the manulaetme orpurchase of apparatus and equip-
ment tor tield signals, £,">,000.
Amend the title, bo'that it will lead :
An act to provide for the payment of the police oigan-
i/.cd by the United States for the city of Haliimote ; and to
enable the Mint to iutnMi small "old coin ; and to piovidc
for the mamUaclute ot puicha^c of field signal*.
Mr. WRIGHT. I wish to inquire of the
chairman ofthe Committee of Wnys and Means
whether that bill authorizes the issuing of gold
coins of less denomination than one dollar?
Mr. S X EVENS. It does not make any change
at all.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I r^cd the point
of order because the previous question was moved, :
and debate cut off. I raised it to enable the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. May] to address the
committee to-day, he having expressed an earnest
desire yesterday publicly, and to-day privately,
to speak. lie is not, however, in his seal. I am
opposed to the bill; but I have no discission to
engage in in lespect to it. That is the explana-
tion which I desired to make to the committee.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to,
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the bill be laid
aside, to be reported to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr.STEVENS. I now move to take up House
bill No. 71.
The CHAIRMAN. Thatbill is not before the
committee.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move that the com-
mittee rise.  
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr. Bing-
ham having taken the chair as Speaker pro tem-
pore, Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois, reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration theUniongenerally,
an4 particularly the Senate amendments to House
bill No. 76, to provide for the payment of the
police organized by the United States for the city
of Baltimore; and had instructed him to report the
same back, with a recommendation that they be
concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion on the amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question -ordered; and under its operation
the amendments were concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed, without amend-
ment, a bill of the House to indemnify States for
expenses incurred by them in the defense of the
United States.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the bill (H. R.
No. 25) making additional appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1862; and appropriations of arrearages for the
year ending the 30th of Juno, 1861.
MILITARY ESTABLISHMENT.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask that the House
take up Senate bill No. 3, to provide for the better
organization of the military establishment.
There being no objection, the bill was taken up.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The Senate has
disagreed to the House amendment. I move that
the House insist on its amendment, and ask for
a committee of conference.
It was so ordered.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Blair of
Missouri, Mallory, and Oust, such committee
of conference on the part of the House.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, made the follow-
ing report:
The committee of conference on the di-ntfi votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to the hill (II. R. No. 95)
making additional appropiiationstu! the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expend of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1862, and appropriations of arieaiages for
the year ending June 30, 1S61, having met, aftei* lull and
nee conference,havengieed to recommend,anddoiecom-
mond, to then- respective Houses tullows:
That the House lrcedoiiom then disagreement to the
following amendments ot the Senate, and agiee to the sanie,
viz: second, fouitb, tilth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth,
tenth, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth, sixteenth,
seventeenth, eighteenth, and nineteenth.
That the Senate recede from their third amendment.
That the House recede fiom their dkagicoincut to the
Senate's first amendment, and agree to the same with the
lollowing: aftei line twelve insert:
" For ztntionvi} , S-LOOO.
"For pages and tcmpoiary mail-hov«, $4,840.
"For labour-, $1,917. *
cj;For turnituie and repairs, and boxes lor members,
'■'For rcpoitint* proceedings ofthe called session of the
Thiity-^eventh Congie^ at the rates pet column fixed hy
law, £3,000: IJtooiiled, That the said pioecedingb shall be
repoi ted with and bound in the Congie^sional Globe and
Appendix of the liut regular session of the present Con-
^ That the House recede fiom their disagreement to the
Senate's fifteenth amendment,and agiee to the s-ame with
the following: after line one hundi ed and fifty-three, insert:
Foi palarie& and commissions oficgisters ofland offices,
and jeeeiveis of public inonevs,
" For incidental expenses of the several land oiflccs,
$•*" W. V. FESSENDEN,
JOHN SHERMAN.
MILTON S. LATHAM,
Managers v>i the part of the Senate,
J. S. MORRILL,
ERASTUS OORNTNG,
EDVVARD Mcpherson,
Managers on the part ofthe House.
Mr, MORRILL, of Vermont. Unless soma
