1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*275
No. 74) to increase the consular representation of
the United States during the present insurrection,
reported it without amendment, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (U. R. No,
55) supplementary to an act entitled "An act to
protect the commerce of the United States, and
punish the crime of piracy," reported it without
amendment, with a recommendation that it do
pass.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
33) to suppress insurrection and sedition, and for
other puiposes, reported it with an amendment.
METROPOLITAN POLICE.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom the subject was
referred, reported a bill (S. No. 49) to create a
metropolitan police district of the District of Co-
lumbia, and to establish a police therefor; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. GRIMES. This is a bill of very great
importance to the people of the District, and to
the country at large at the present time. It is con-
sidered by the committee that it is necessary that
it should be passed at an early day. I therefore
ask that it -may be made the special order for to-
morrow at one o'clock, if there be no objection.
The motion was agreed to.
STEAMER ESTELLA.
Mr. CHANDLER., The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (II. II. No.
73) to authorize the issue of a register to the
steamer Estella, have dnected mc to repot t it back
with a recommendation that it do pass. As it is
a very small matter,! ask the unanimousconsent
of the Senate to put it on its passage now.
There being no objection, the bill (II. R. No.
73) to anthonze the issue of a register to the
steamer Estclla was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to authorize theSec-
let.iry of the Treasury- to issue a i agister to the
steamer Estella, in accordance with existing laws,
excepting only that provision of law lequinng the
vessel to have been built in the United StaU-s.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, a*nd passed.
potomac bridge.
Mr. GRIMES. There is a bill on the table
providing for the building of a budge across the
Potomac river, which 1 move be taken up.
Mr. IIALE. I only want to say that that has
been a matter which lias been before Congress
over since I have been a member here. It is a
matter in which the people of Georgetown feel a
very deep interest. They have been frequently
heard before the committees of this body and of
the other House; and I do not think it should be
taken up and passed at this time, without an op-
portunity being allowed to the city of Geoige-
town to be heard upon it. I do not know that
there is any immediate necessity for it.
Air. GRIMES. There is a very pressing and
immediate necessity for the leconstruction of the
old bridge, or for the construction of a new one
from some other part of the city, across the river.
The Senator is anxious to know the reasons,
which I am going to assign, why the Senate
should act on it now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
will suspend his remarks unul the. Senate shall
come to Older. Conversation is so prevalent and
so loud that it is impracticable to piocecd with the
business of the Senate, and the business will be
suspended until order is restored.
Mr. GRIMES. I am extiemoly anxious that
the Senator from New Hampshire should hear
the reasons 1 am about to assign why we should
pass tins bill at this time. It grows out of the
fact that we have a large army on the other side
of the river, and a considciable sized army on
this side, that aie compelled to us: this budge in
the passage from one side to the other. It a fact,
I believe, that it has come very near being thrown
down on three seveial occasions; once by a bat-
tery of firtillery. and once by a regiment of foot
soldiers going over it. These are men now con-
stantly employed in keeping it in order, so as to
make it passable even for teams?, and sentinels
are constantly employed so as not to let any team
get one hundred feet near another. It is pro-
nounced by engineers incapable of supporting
more than one team for each hundred feet; the
piers have rotted in many instances; and the
Army authorities insist upon the necessity of
some steps being taken to construct a riewbiidge
either of wood or of iron. The committee have
recommended the latter; and when the bill shall
be taken up for consideration, some of the mem-
bers of the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia may undertake to convince the Senate tlm.t
that is the most economical method of building
the bridge at this time. I will state, also, that
the committee have acted upon the suggestions
of the War Department on this subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa to take
up the bill indicated by him.
The motion was ngteed to; and the bill (S. No.
46) to provide for the construction of a bridge
across the Potomac river was considered, as in
Committer of the Whole. It proposes to appro-
priate $220,000 for the construction of an iron
bridge, with stone piers, across the Potomac river,
near the present Long P>ndge, at the foot of Ma-
ryland avenue, with two sufficient draws for the
passage of vessels, to be expended under the di-
rection and control of the Secretary of War. He
is to advertise for proposals for the construction
and mateiial to be used and employed in the con-
struction of the bridge, giving reasonable notice
thereof, and to let the furnishing of the niateiials
and the construction of the bridge, or the various
parts thereof, to the lowest and best bidders. The
bill aiso appropriates $10,000 for the lepair ol the
present Long ihidge across the Potomac river.
The bill was imported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, lead the third time, and passed.
EXPENSES OF GOVERNMENT.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am dhoe.lod by the Com-
inittee on Finance to report back the bill (S.No.
4s) providing a commission to examine and report
as to the compensation of all ofliceis of the Gov-
ernment, and lor other purposes, find to ask lor
its present eonsideiatimi.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. For the pm-
posc of scaling, equalizing, and teduemg the com-
pensation of the vui lous officer* of the Govern me nt,
it proposes to organize a bonrdof commissioners,
to be composed of two mcmbeis of t he Senate, to
be appointed by the Vice President, llnee inein-
hois of the House of Representatives, to be ap-
pointed by the Speaker of the House, and one
officer of the Navy and one officer of the Army,
to be appointed by the Piesident. This hoard is
to examine and repoitassoon as practicable—
first, a fair and just compensation for caeh officer
of tile Government; second, such provisions of
law as will legulate the expenditure of all indef-
inite and contingent appropriations, including
those for the courts of the United States; third,
legislations for the more economical collection of
theiovenue; fourth, whatofficers oremployments,
if any, may be dispensed with without detriment
to the pubhr service.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state in afew words
the necessity for the passage of this bill. The
compensation ofall the officers of the Government
is now fixed, I think, by some se\enty oi eighty
different statutes, and to many cases it is fixed
simply by a resolution of the Senate or of the
House of Representatives; in some eases the com-
pensation i< not fix< d by law nt all, but by custom
and regulation When I was a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means of the House of
Representatives, I found it veiy difficult to ascer-
tain the precise legal compensation of the various
employes of the Government. This bill is intended
to lemedy that by providing a general statement
of the compensation of each oflicei of the Govern-
ment. It also propose^ to regulate the manner of
disbursing the contingent expenses of the Senate
and House of Representatives and of nil the dif-
ferent offices of the Government, and especially
tbecourts of the United States. If the bill passes, ;
I hope to accomplish a reduction of the expend- j
ituresof the Government—at least nn equalization :
of the salaries now paid to the different officers. |
The purpose of the bill is so plain on its face that j
I do not think it necessary fur me to say anything i
more on the subject. I therefore ask for u vote. !
Mr. SIMMONS. I suggest that "the Pre-I;
siding Officer of the Senate*'should be put in,
instead of "the Yice President."
Mr. SHERMAN. T.he Vice President not
being present, I suppose it would be better to
insert " the Presiding Officer of the Senate."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That modifi-
cation will be made if no objection be interposed.
The bill is so amended.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred it. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed and read the third
time; and it was read the third time, and passed.
SUPREMACY OF THE GOVERNMENT.
Mr. CLARK. I move to take up the resolu-
tion which I submitted yesterday, in regard to
maintaining the supremacy of the Government and
the integrity of the Union of the United States.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (S. No. 10) declaratory
of the determination of Congress to maintain the
supremacy of the Government and integrity of
the Union.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Bo it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of jhnrrica in Can %ress assembled,Tl iat
we, as representatives of the people and States, respect-
ively, do hereby declare our fixed determination to main-
tain the supremacy of the Government and the integrity of
the Union ofall these United States; and to this end, aa
far we may do so, we pledge the'entire resources of the
Government und people, until all icbels shall submit to
the one and cea^e their ctlbrts to destroy the other.
Mr. CLAllK. Mr. President, I d o notpropose
to debate this resolution. It is short and plain,
and speaks for itself. I shall content myself with
asking for the yeas and nays upon its passage,
unless it be debated by other persons.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment and ordeied to be engrossed
for a thit d reading; and it was read the third time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion having been read three times, the question is
on its passage; and on tlmt question the Senator
funn New 1 lampshire ealU for the yeas and nays.
The yeas? and nays were oulered; and the roll
being called through, u was found that but thirty-
tin oe Senators had voted. *
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
regrets to inform the Senate that there is no quo-
rum present and voting. The Senate is therefore
disabled by the absence of its membeisfiom pro-
ceeding- with business,
Mr. BINGIIAM. What constitutes a quorum?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thirty-Jive,
Mr. GRIMES. There are Senators present
who have not voted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Clerk
will again call the names of Senators who have
not responded.
The Secretary proceeded to call the names of
the Senators who had not answered. Mr. Bjieck-
inriduI'.'s name was called,
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE, I was out talking
to a member of the other House and found the
roll nearly called through before I came in. I
have not heard the resolution read on which I am
called to vote; and I do not wish to vote for a
resolution that I do not understand.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no objec-
tion be made, the resolution will be read.
The lesolution was lead.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE, I will simply make
one reraaik. There is a portion of the resolution
that I like, and thcrefoic have no objection to
voting; for. No man would ^o further, or do more
than myself to support the Constitution, and no
man desires more to see all the States united; but
I will not pledge the resources of this Union, by
my vote, to attempt it by war; winch will have,
m my judgment, precisely the contrary effect. I
vote in ihe negative.
The Secretary proceeded to call the names of
the mcmbei s who had not answered, and Mr. Sum-
nek voted in the affirmative.
The result was announced—yeas 34, nay l;as
follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Anthony. Bmgham, Browning, Chand-
ler. t'iaik, Coilamet, Couan, Djxou, I)oo!ittk\ Fcsscnden,
t\>ui. i«\ tuK Gram:-, Ikilu, Uairi^, Howe, Johnson of
'iVmu'^xv, iCiijsr, Lane ot fiuhann, Lane of K.ui>a^, La-
tham. McDougdll, MornM, NV.smtth, Pomeroy, Saukbury,
Sheiman, Simmon-, Sumnci, Ten Eyelc, Tnomson,Tium-
bull, Wade, and Willey—M4.
NAV—Mr. liieekinridge-— 1.
So the joint resolution was passed.
