1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
281
ample power,in the Constitution to levy and col-
lect imposts, taxes, and excises. We have ample
power to levy direct taxes, ample power to levy
indirect taxes, ample power lo levy duties on for-
eign importations, and within the States. And
now, the great question is, shall the Government
be sustained by the Representatives of the people
coming up to the work and imposing the neces-
sary taxes for its support?
The tables which I have given to the reporters
will show that the real and personal property of
this country is amply sufficient; that the basis is
great enough. And the question again comes back
with double force upon us at this time, when we
arc entering upon a war, and a war that we must
sustain at all hazards, at the peril of the existence
of the Government itself, and which I will sustain
by my ability and my vote to the extent of levy-
ing taxes upon every species of property that I
possess. And, sir, I believe my constituents will
go to that extent. Now, sir, the recent statement
of the Secretary of the Treasury exhibits the fact
that there is no money in the Treasury to carry
on this war. The Secretary of the Treasury is
in the market at this time for money, under the
law which we have just passed;-and it becomes a
grave question whetherwe will venture to adjourn
without supplying the Treasury with a basis on
which the credit of the Government can be sus-
tained. Unless we do this, I can assure this
House that the Treasury will soon be bankrupt,
your soldiers without pay, and the warcannotgo
on. You cannot borrow money in the market
to-day except at ruinous rates of interest. What
then will bring up the credit of the Government?
Nothing but the Representatives of the people
coming up boldly ancl meeting the question by
voting the ways and means, which they have al-
ready done, so far as relates to the men; and the
men are ready with zeal to carry on this war.
The only remaining thing, then, to be done is, to
vote sufficient money to sustain the credit of the
Government.
Now, sir, I am not prepared to say that this
bill which is in the hands of the members of tins
committee, and which comes from the Committee
of Ways and Means, is the best that can be de-
vised. it was prepared at the Treasury Depart-
ment, it was considered in committee, and it is
now here. I do not pretend to say it is perfect,
for it had to be prepared hastily; and I never yet
saw a perfectly just and equitable tax bill.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee here informally rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message was
received from the Senate, by Mr. Patton, one of j
their clerks, informing the House that the Presi-
dent of the United States had notified the Senate
that lie has approved and signed a bill for the
relief of the widows and orphans of the officers,
seamen, and marines of the United States sloop-
of-war Levant, and for other purposes; and an
act to provide for the temporary increase of the
Navy.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled, an act making
additional appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expensesof the Governmentfor
the year ending June 30, 1362, and appropria-
tions for arrearages for the fiscal year endingJune
30, 1861; when the Speaker signed the same.
The committee again resumed its session.\
ADDITIONAL REVENUE—-AGAIN. V
Mr. SPAULDING. Mr. Chairman, those of
tho committee who have read the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury made to this Congress
at the commencement of its session, will be pre-
pared to understand distinctly the present condi-
tion of the Treasury. He informs us in that re-
port, that we shall not be able to realize from the
old tariff and the new tariff enough—by about
twenty-five or thirty million dollars—to carry on
the Government for the current year. This must
be bridged over in some way. You must raise by
internal duties, or you must raise by direct tax-
ation, a sum sufficient to meet the present emer-
gency. I hold that there is one rule which must
be complied with, beyond a doubt. We must
raise each year money enough to meet the current
expenses of the Government, and to pay interest
on the money borrowed for the extraordinary
expenses of the war. Unless this is done, the
confidence in tho credit of the Government will
be destroyed.
Mr. LOVEJOY; Will the gentleman permit
me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. SPAULDING. Certainly.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Inasmuch as there is no dif-
ference of opinion whatever m regard to the ne-
cessity of raising this money, and as there is no
question in regard to the willingness of the House
to raise it, I want the Committee of Ways and
Means to show us that this is the best and the
only way. If it is, then we are prepared to vote
on it. Yet, while wo are prepared to vote this
tax, I have not heard a word from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, or from the gentleman
from N'ew York, as to whether this is the best
and only way. Let us know something on that
point.
Mr. SPAULDING. On thatpoint,Mr.Chair-
man, I will say, that if this bill is not perfect, we
are in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, considering it section by section for
amendments, and now is the time to perfect it. If
the gentleman has any views to submit, let him
submit them in writing, as amendments to the
bill, and let the House decide upon them. That
is the way to get a perfect system.
Now, as to a further basis of taxation. I have
no objection sir, to include all the personal prop-
erty that can be reached. All I ask is that we
shall not shrink from our just responsibility, and
undertake, by whatever shift, to shuffle this bill
off. Let us meet the question boldly, and impose
a tax upon real' and personal property enough to
satisfy the demands of the time and the exigency
of the country. This is our duty ! The bill, as
it was drawn at the Treasury Department, im-
poses a tax in two ways: first, upon real estate, as
houses, lots, and slaves; and in the second place,
it fixes an excisc duty upon various articles—a
tax upon distilled spirits, watches, carriages, as
well as a stamp duty upon bank notes. If that
be not large enough, then, when we reach the
several sections, let us enlarge them. Let us do
that and go on with the bill. Let us go through
with it, and put it upon trial; and do not let us,
by any shuffling, endeavor to shift the responsi-
bility from ourselves. We shall be held respons-
ible by our constituents and by the country, Mr.
Chairman—by the people—whether we provide
the means or not to put down this wicked rebellion.
Let me repeat, sir, now, now is the time to per-
fect the bill, as we consider it section by section
for amendment. Add to it a further basis of tax-
ation, if you so desire, and I will not object. I
shall be glad to cooperate with any of the gentle-
men who cavil at this bill, to make it as perfect
as we can, and then to pass it.
Mr. Chairman, we have gone on at this session
and boldly met the question. We have given to
the Government all the power neccssary to bring
into the field an army large enough to suppress
speedily and effectually the existing rebellion.
We have done everything on our part that we
could do, in the way of legislation, to holdup the
hands of the Government and to carry on this
war, except only this one measure. We cannot
adjourn, sir, without doing our whole duty m this
respect. 'The people are zealous in this cause.
They will sustain us. I am not afraid that our
constituents will not stand behind us, and push
forward every measure for the suppression of this
rebellion. They will sustain us m raising all the
money necessary to support this war. 1 only
ask that we should not evade our responsibility.
I have no feeling in the matter other than to sub-
serve the public good. It is a duty from which
we cannot, and from which we ought not to es-
cape, if we could. As the reading of the bill pro-
gresses, let us perfect it; let it be leported to the
House, and then hent to the Senate. I understand
that that body has suggestions of its own to sub-
mit. Then, after a conference between the two
Houses on the disagreeing votes, we shall be able
to get a tolerably perfect bill. I do not believe at
this session that we can get an entirely perfect
bill, but we can approximate perfection. At the
next session we can, by other legislation, still
further pcrfcct it.
I wish to say a word in conclusion. I believe
that we arc now entering upon a.system of taxa-
tion which is to last for years We hove already
increased the expenses of the Government this
year up to between three and four hundred million
dollars. Every soldier brought into the field will
cost $1,000 a year, if we take into consideration
the cavalry, artillery, transportation, and all the
appurtenances attending our Army. You cannot
carry this war on upon any picayune system. The
Administration is pushing on the war with vigor.
•Eighty regiments have been accepted this week.
The credit of the Government wilt have to be sus-
tained; and that has to be done by the Represent-
atives of the people showing a determination to
tax the property of the country to thatend, until
the'flag of our country floats in triumph over
everyfoot of American soil.
Mr. DIVEN. Mr. Chairman, I have examined
this bill during the last two days with consider-
able care, and I must say, after that examination,
that I regard it, in the shape in which it came
from the-Committee of Ways and Means, as the
most perfect bill that could be presented to the
House for the purpose of answering the exact
point we have in view. What is necessary to sus-
tain the credit of the country ? Why, to secure
to the lendera certainty of a return for the money
loaned, together with the certainty of the regular
payment of interest upon it. What will afford to
the lender the best security ? Why, sir, a lien
upon the real propeity of the country. Lenders
lend money at a lower rate of interest upon real
property, than upon any other kind. In this bill
we propose to pledge the real estate of the coun-
try for the security of the loans of the Government.
I admit that it is not just that real estate should
bear all of the tax. 1 do not contend, sir, that the
tax levied is entirely equal. I defy the ingenuity
of man to invent a revenue bill that will operate
equally. No tariff has ever been passed that oper-
ated equally uponall. No property tax was ever
adjusted so as to operate equally. None ever can
be so adjusted. This tax has been levied upon
the most certain kind of property, and upon prop-
erty the most deeply concerned in sustaining the
Government and its institutions. The man who
lus his wealth in money can put it into his pocket,
and, leaving his own distracted land, remove to
any other country he may select. Not so with
the owner of real estate. His property depends
for its value upon the stability of the Government
where it is located.
Mr. Chairman, it has been said by my colleague
[Mr. Roscoe Conkmntg]- that this imposition of
tax upon real estate will operate hardly upon the
rural districts and upon the farming interest of tta
country. Let me tell him that in the State which
he and myself have the honor in part to represent,
the valuation of real estate will show that the
cities and towns*predomiriate over the rural dis-
tricts. lean name a man in the city of New York
who, under this bill, will pay as much tax as one
fourth oF his entire constituency or one half of
my own. I tell you, sir, that for the purpose of
securing certainty to the lender, for the purpose
of placing our credit upon a sure foundation, and
for the purpose of securing money at a low rate
of interest, no temptation can be offered a lender
that would be equal to the levying of a tax upon
real estate
One word to those who are in favor of levying
a tax upon personal property as well as upon real
estate. How is that to be carried out with any
regard to equality and justice? If carried out at
all, it must be by taxing the personal property
found in possession of individuals. Let us go to
tho city of New York. There the assessor may
be conducted to the large commission houses,
where are deposited hundreds and thousands of
dollars' worth of the products of Ohio and Illi-
nois, and the other western States. The assessor
will assess that property in the hands of commis-
sion merchants; but will those merchants pay tax
upon that property? We could in that way levy
much of our contribution from those products of
the West. In like manner, go to our great store-
houses where property is deposited, worth mil-
lions; where those with whom it is deposited have
the slightest of all interest in it. I tell you, sir,
that this mode of collection will be found imprac-
ticable. It is true, it cannot be said that the com-
mittee have presented us a bill which will operate
in all respects justly. I can tell you also that
your tariff does not, by a long way, operate with
as mueh justness as this.
[Here the hammer fell ]
