1881.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
ordnance; it means munitions of war; it means
the iifo of the nation. Wo are to-day upon trial
whether a Republic can live in the civilized world;
and it all depends upon whether we can establish
public credit. That is what it all turns upon.
Wo, sir, sitting here in our places, must not cast
our eyes solely behind us, to inquire what our
constituents will say in regard to a measure of
this kind. We must remember that the bonds
issued by this Government, icpresenting its sov-
ereignty, are to go into the hands of men who are
accustomed to scrutinize closely all these ques-
tions that lie at the very foundation of public credit.
They know that the great wealth of this country
consists in its real estate. They know that we
ate a young; people. They know that we have
not accumulated to any great extent money; but
that our real wealth consists in the soil. Then,
sir, as a matter of course, they will regard the
real estate as the best basis of our credit. Sup-
pose I apply to yuu, sir, for a loan of $1,000—and
1 am sure I hope you have money to lend—you
knowing that my property consists principally in
real estate, ami the question of interest comes up
between us: you ask me, as a very natural ques-
tion, "how is the interest to be paid?" I say to
you " lhavc a peck of railroad stocks, a hatful of
fourlh moitgage bonds; I have a fine vspan of bay
horses, and any amount of personal property, and
I will give you security on all these." My im-
pression is, that you would say to me at once,
" if you want my money, you must give me the
best security you have; 1 know you have a snug
homestead to live upon; you can give me a mort-
gage on your homestead, and then you can have
-the money, but not otherwise."
This warts not to be concluded happily and pros-
perously for this country, until we have tested
our credit in the money maikets of the world.
This idea of keeping up our credit by the issue
of shinplasters is all gammon. I am willing to
admit dial you can issue Treasury notes to a cer-
tain amount, yet not very much further than the
ordinary leeeipts m cash of your revenue will ab-
sorb. The moment you undertake to flood the
country with them, you will depreciate your se-
curities at home; and when your securities are
depreciated at home, you have no credit abroad.
1 think the committee have done wisely in lay-
ing the foundations of public credit, by imposing
taxes for payment of interest on the best property
of the countiy. If the pioportion is too heavy—
as I think is the case—on real estate, let that be
reduccd, and a corresponding increase made in
the tax upon personal property—such as moneys
and credit bonds, stocks, and, if necessary, resort
to an income tax. While it is impossible, in the
short time allowed, to perfect a system of entne
fairness and equality, you will thus have secured
the main object—a permanent basis of national
credit, and a fair equalization of the buidens j
among the people.
Mr. IlDWARDS. Mr. Chaiiman, I occupied
the time of the Mouse about five minutes yester-
day. I shall occupy it five minutes more now, '
and th' n 1 do not propose to take up any Anther ,
tune, i do not know but that this bill can be put ■
through this House by appeals to the fears of
members, and by telling them that they mustpass
this bill, or they deny credit to the Government;
and that they are raising their voices to stop the ;
operations of the Army, and to prevent a success-
ful prosecution of the war, but, for one, t shall
not give my vote upon any such consideration.
It is a question, not whether we will raise the ne-
cessary means to carry on the operations of the i
Government, but how we will raise them? 1 may '
say for myself—and, if t were allowed, I might |
say it for a large majority of this House—that this :
is the only question; and when any gentleman ,
rises here and undertakes to place any member of i
this House in any other position, without his i
consent, he does him injustice. i
Now, sii, we have power under the Constitu- 1
tion to tax all the property of the country to carry ,
on the war. There is no doubt of that, upon an i
examination of the case which has been adverted
to here. We can tax it in some mode, if we can- :
not impose on it what is technically called a " di- ^
rect tax." If so, why should we not do it? Why '■
should we stickle about terms? Why should v/o ;
not impose the burdens winch aie tu fall upon the
people of this countiy equally, m proportion to I
their ability to bear them? Tins bill proposes to j
impose a tax of $30,000,000 upon the real estate
of the country, and it is not because personal es-
tate cannot be taxed. It is said by some gentle-
men that it is because the creditor has a right to
the best securities the country can afford. If, of
ten tax payers, six are owners of real estate and
and four owners of personal property, are the lat-
ter to be exempt from taxes because real estate is
the best security ? Is that the argument that is
to prevail here? If the Committee of Ways and
Means cannot framp a bill that will impose the
burden of this war equitably, 1 do not see. how
any member can be called upon to vote for it.
There is a large class of property, which this
bill does not touch at all, which is to be entirely
exempt from taxation under this bill. Is it
enough to say that we can make a better bill next
winter ?Tf we can make a better bill next winter,
wc can wait till next winter to make it. 1 do not
believe that our credit is sinking so low in the
country that we cannot boirow any amount of
money we need. We certainly will not improve
our credit by a bill which nobody believes we are
going; to stand by. But, sir, let us look at the
condition of capitalistsas well as at the oondition
of tax-payers. Will not capitalists furnish means
to carry on the war? If not, what are their secu-
rities worth? what is their personal property
worth r what are their choscs in action worth ? I
think they have the strongest motive for supply-
ing means to carry on the war. If you pass this
bill, you will find that a large class of the com-
munity will say, " you arc taxing my property
to carry on this war, and my neighbor, who owns
perhaps half the property on which i pay taxes,
pays nothing."- is tiuit the way in which we are
to continue the unanimity with which the nation
is coming up to this great contest? It does not
seem to me to be so. i fear more to go back to
my constituents, after giving my vote for an un-
just bill that taxes one half of the community and
does not tax .the other half, than I do if I stand
up and say that, when a proper bill is introduced,
1 will vote for it, and not till then. I prefer to
trust to the gcneiul credit of the country.
As the hammer i* about to fall, 1 conclude, Mr.
Chairman, by saying, that if such modifications
shall be made in the bill as shall make it bear with
even an approximate equality upon all the taxable
propetty of the country, I shall cheerfully give it
my vote, and should if the amount involved in the
bill were greatly Jaigor than it is; or if the amount
of the tax on the real estate of the country shall
be reduced, may so vote, trusting that the next
Congress will biingvvithni its taxing power other
property now omitted, so as to make the law just
and equal m its operation on all classes. Without
the one or the other of these amendments, with
my present opinions, 1 should be compelled,
though with great reluctance, to record my vote
aguinst its }>a«sogo.
Mr. CUTLER, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
MESS VG 13 ritOM THE PRESIDENT.
The committee rose informally; and a message,
in writing, was received from the President of the
United States, by Mr. Nicol\y, his Private
Secretary. t
ADDITIONAL lil^VENUK BILL AGAIN.
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 move to amend the eighth
section of i he bill by sti iking out the words " and
slaves." I will not occupy the time of the com-
mittee in discussing the nm«- dnieirt; but leave
the committee to dispose of it as they please.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKTilXG. I move to amend
the tenth section by inserting in the fifth line, after
the word " personthe words, " with some per-
son of suitable age and discretion;" so that the
sentence will read:
That ni e:v*e any per-o;i shalj be nf^entfiom hi- place of
hvuI'Mum; at the tune an a^e. v>i t nli to recpivo the
li-t ot Mich p^i-on. it -hull ho the duty of Micliasr-e-soi, oi
a^-ivani! to h-ave at the ho'uso oi piace of resi-
di'tiec of Midi pei -on. with ^om<' pei-on of tunable age and
dij-eieliun. a wnltm not'- oi mcmoinmiuni.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROSCOE CONlyLING. I move to amend
thceievciith section, by sinking out the following
wotds:
•• Ami iho pfr-on mj iaihny oi neulcetuisr, unions m ease
of biekue^ tu ah ,iaice from home, s-hall, moreover, forlert
and pay the sum of $100, to be recovered for the use of the
United States, with costs of suit, in any court having com-
petent jurisdiction."
I desire to say one word to the committee as a
reason for this amendment. It seems to me that
after providing that the assessors may leave at
any dwelling-house or place, the occupant of
which is absent, a notice requiring him to furnish
a list, if the occupant fails to furnish it it is vis*
iting on him a sufficient penalty to authorize the
assessor to go on his lands and premises, and
make, at his own discretion, a list and valuation,
which list shall stand, like the laws of the Medes
and Persians, irrevocable and unchangeable in
reference to the value of the property, without
ordaining that the man who has the list made
against him shall be rftulcted in heavy damages
and severe penalties.
Mr. SPAULDINGr. There is no objection to
the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKHNG. Although not
responsible for the grammar of this bill, yet I am
willing to contribute to its improvement. I move
to amend the twelfth section, by striking out, in
the tenth line, the word " to," between the words
" and" aud " malce," so that it will read:
it shall be the duty of the assessor for such district,
and lie hereby authorized and requiicd, to enter into and
upon the real estate, if it be necessary, and take&uch view
thereof, and make lists of the same.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SPAULDING. I suggest tljat, for the
purpose of facilitating business, we pass over all
the sections which are merely of detail, to the
thirty-ninth section.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I object to that.
The CHAIRMAN. It can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. ROSCOECONKLINGr. I move,pro forma,
to amend the fifteenth section by striking out the
last word. I wish to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the importance of the section; and I
desire, to say to the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, who seems to have taken
exception to my stiictures on the bill, that I do
so because another member of the committee has
said that the bill comes from the Treasury De-
pal tmcnt, and was not drawn by the chairman of
tho Commutee of Ways and Means. If it had
been, perhaps 1 should not venture to make these
suggestions. I want the committee to notice the
immense importance of this section; and in refer-
ence to it, I ask members to turn to the end of the
twenty-second section, where they will find it)
enacted that the valuation, assessment, and ap-
poi tionment made by the board of assessors shall
remain in force; and that the taxes laid by this
act shall bo laid and imposed yearly and every
year until altered, modified, or abolished by law.
This fifteenth section, and the proceedings under
it, are the basis on which this board of equalizers
are to fix an irrevocable valuation for the laying
of this tax. If the committee will look at this
section, and survey for one moment the geograph-
ical districts which this proceeding is to cover,
and the numerical considerations belonging to it,
I'think they will see that it will be totally impos-
sible for any man, even if he have a lawyer to
assist him, ever to have his property assessed as
it should be, unless perchance that assessment is
iii the first instance exactly right. The twenty-
second line has a proviso that it shall be the duty
of the assessor to advertise and attend two suc-
cessive days at the court-house of the county; and
it is subsequently provided, in the thirty-eighth
line, that the valuation of no man's land shall ho
against him unless on a notice of five days. So
that the committee will perceive that if any man's
land is assessed too high, his neighbor's being
assessed too low, and if he attends two days at
the court-house, it is necessary that a personal
notice shall be served, returnable five days trom
that time, at which time the assessor is to be at
the couu-house of some other county, ?n some
other pint of the State; and this man is to follow
him up with counsel in order to see that the equal-
isation is made peifect.
Now, Mr. Chairman, there are various other
things about this section, only one of which will
L consume the time of the committee by calling
attention to. In two days this assessor is to con-
sider, not merely for the purpose of that year, as
the people are accustomed to in our State, but for
