1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
asked at our'hands both men and money. I be-
lieve that it is the duty of Congress to grant them
both men and money; and that we ought here
now to provide some means for the payment of
the debt which has been, or will be, contracted.
But, Mr. Chairman, I confess to you that I can-
not be made to appreciate the necessity which
this bill seems to impose upon as of bringing, by
this form of taxation, men, women, and children,
into market to be sold. No, sir; let that species
of property, so called, go, and not be sold. Let
it remain for the States where that so-called spc-
cies of property is recognized to come forward
with their money. I believe that the loyal States
of this Confederacy would freely and gladly con-
tribute of their means to carry 011 this war, with-
out incurring that reproach. It cannot be need-
ful, because the Constitution provides that certain
persons called—but not in the Constitution—slaves
may be represented upon this floor, and because
it is provided that their owners, or those who rep-
resent their services, may be taxed, that' therefore
we should now, at this time, have men, women,
and children, carried to the auction block and sold.
1 ask the committee to consider well before they
put a clause like this upon our statute-books. I
call upon the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means to enable us to pass some bill by which
men and money can be provided, and this unholy
rebellion speedily crushed, without making of our-
selves the buyers or sellers of men, women, and
children.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting, after the word " purchased,"
the words " or held."
- Mr. STEVENS. I wo.uld like to move, as an
amendment to the amendment, the further proviso
that if any slaves are sold by virtue of this act,
they shall be purchased by the United States and
immediately become free.
Mr. BINGHAM. My amendment to the amend-
ment has precedence, and I cannot yield for the
purpose of letting the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania introduce the one he has suggested.
Now, sir, the word:* employed by this bill, au-
thorizing collectors to distrain property in the
event of the non-payment of taxes assessed against
citizens of the United States within the several
States, by every judicial construction which 1 have
ever seen, exclude the distraining of slaves. I
should be greatly obliged to any gentleman who
will point me to any decision that is contiary to
what I assert. My previous amendment, to in-
sert the words " or slaves," and the remark ac-
companying it, were for the purpose of excluding
the conclusion that slaves, under the provisions of
this bill, were subject to distraint. Under the
judicial decisions of this country, nobody sup-
poses that the construction that s'avos may be
distrained would be placed upon this bill; but, sir,
the judge, under the terms of this bill, is the col-
lector who, in many instances, may have nonjudi-
cial qualification; and hence, to prevent miscon-
struction, and to exclude, 111 the technical lan-
guage of the law, a constiuction contrary to the
true intent and meaning of the bill, I have offered
the pending amendment.
One woid more, I desire to say, in answer to
the suggestion of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Eliot,] who spoke 011 this subject,
that tlie committee, in incorporating the word
" slave" in the sixth section of the bill, thereby
following the precedent heretofore observed in
laying direct taxation under the Constitution of
the United States, did not do it for the purpose
of taxing slaves as property, but of taxing the
ownuis of slaves per-capita to the extent of own-
ership. It is not a tax upon the slave, but a tax
upon his owner; and by the provision of this bill
it is fo be collected, not by the sale of the slave,
but by distraint of the goods, chattels, and effects
of the owner. That has been the construction
ever put upon statutes of the United Statesauthor-
i/.mg the seizure by distiaint or by execution of
goods and chattels. There is none to the con-
trary, and there ought to be none; but, in order
to pievcnt the collector misconstruing this bill,
and in oider to prevent the public mind mistak-
ing Us meaning, I am in favor of the amendment
and the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Eliot's
amendment as amended.
Mr. ELIOT demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Eliot and
Robinson were appointed.
The amendment was adopted; the tellers having
reported—ayes 61, noes 39.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
The committee rose informally; and a message
was received from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, notifying the House that that body
had passed bills and a joint resolution of the fol-
lowing titles; in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House:
A bill (No. 48) providing for a commission to
examine and report as to the compensation of
officers of the Government, and for other pur-
poses;
A bill (No. 4G) to provide for the construction
of a bridge across the Potomac river; and
Joint lesolution (No. 10) declaratory of the
determination of Congress to maintain the su-
premacy of the Government and the integrity of
the Union. ? ^
ADDITIONAL REVENUE BILL AGAIN./
The committee then resumed its session.^
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec 39. Jimlheit further enacted, That each State may
pay into the Tieasury ot the United Suites its quota of the
direct tax laid by this act foi the fust and lor any and every
succeeding year; and, in consideiation of <aieh payment,
the State s-hall be entitled to a deduction of fifteen per
centum fiom the amount ofsuch quota as fixed by this act
ll paid beioie the ls-t day of M^y, and to adeduction of ton
pei contain if paid befoie the l^t day oi September, in the
3 ear to winch tuch payment relate,  ueh year being re--
gaided as commencnm on the day of Januaiy: Pronrfed,
That notice of the intention to make * ueh payment by the
State be given to the Secretary of the Tieatiiiy on or he-
tore the 1st day of April iu each year, &c.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. In the bill, as
piinted, the limitation of the time forgiving notice
by the State, is January, and not'April. "Why
docs the Clerk read April?
The CHAIRMAN. The insertion of January
is a clerical error. It ought to be April. *
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I move to strike
out the woid "April," and in lieu of it insert
" March."
By one section, Mr. Chairman, it is made the
duty of the President of the United States to ap-
point the assessors, and by another it is provided
that he shall not appoint them until the com-
mencement of the next session of Congress. The
construction of these two sections is, that the
President is to create all of these officers at the
outset of the next session. By sections live and
seven it is made the duty of the chief assessors to
set their legions of assistants m motion on the 1st
of January next; on that day they start 011 their
travels to make their lists, " to proceed through
every part of their respective districts," and to
enumerate, appraise, and assess. Then comes
this thirty-ninth section, which provides that after
notice of commutation shall be given by the
States, to wit, as it now stands on the Istof April,
all farther proceedings-oil the part of these assess-
ors and their assistants shall cease.
The committee will perceive, by turning back
to section twenty-three, that a very large part of
the fees and emoluments to which these officers
will be entitled, will have accrued by the 1st of
April; and why ? Because,unlike collectors and
other officers of the States, they are not to receive
a percentage upon the taxes which are collected,
but they are to icceive absolutely three dollars for
every hundred persons listed, to go to the assess-
ors; and the assistant assessors are to receive an
additional three dollars for every hundred persons
placed upon the tax list; and in addition to that,
they—that is to say, both assessors and assist-
ants—arc to receive t^ree dollars a day each for
every day which they shall spend in doing any-
thing preparatory to laying this tax; so that the
committee will see that 011 the lstof April, when
the States embrace the alternative of this com-
mutation, the horse will have been stolen, and
they will have the opportunity of locking up the
stable. Before the d.iy to suspend proceedings
arrives, this myriad of Federal emissaries will have
performed their great office, and be entitled to re-
ceive their three dollars a hundred twice over for
■ names; and in addition to that, their per diem
: allowance of three dollars a day for all the 44 ar-
! rangemvnts" they have made, all the " instruc-
\ Hons" they have imparted, and all the lists they
1 luue £{ collected." There is a certain four dollars
a day cut out by the possible operation of this
scction; but that belongs to the head assessors,
the king functionaries, who are created by this
bill. They are to receive four dollars a day for
certain things they do, mostly connected with
hearing appeals; and, as has been rightly said,
that duty will not begin until the duty of the other
assessors is completed; and so it may be that these
latter emoluments will not commence until after
the 1st of April. But anterior to that time, and
from the 1st of January, will be daily accruing
the fourfold emoluments to which I have called
the attention of the committee. So much upon
this point. A few words on another.
This great healing and saving ordinance, as I am
told the thirty-ninth section is, is designed to en-
able the State of New York, for example, to distrib-
ute and disperse this great tax overall the taxable
property within her jurisdiction. Now, sir, I
venture, with great deference to any gentleman
jfcamed in the law, who has declared that such
£will be its legal effect, to doubt the soundness of
such a conclusion.
If this bill is so framed that its sections impos-
ing a direct tax do not go into operation at all,
do not attach to any one, or any State or thing,
until the 1st of April, and then its operation is
completely suspended by the acceptance by the
States of the proffered commutation, I will admit,
for the sake of argument, (though I doubt it,)
that the State of New York, or any other State,
will be at liberty, under that power which my
distinguished friend from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
well said is not derived from Congress, but in-
heres in States—though 1 do not think tliey are
sovereignties, as I have heard said upon the other
side of the House—1 say that under this inherent
power of taxation, the States, were the bill, as I
have supposed, might go forward and lay a tax
upon window-panes or chimneys, or by way of
hearth money, or any thing else, provided their
constitution allows them to do so; and, of course,
for the same reason, upon all the property tax-
able in the State.
But that argdment is inapplicable here, and for
this reason: these officers arc appointed absolutely
upon the first Tuesday of December, or there-
abouts. They arc to enter upon their functions,
and upon all their functions, and they are to con-
tinue them, not only down to the day when the
acceptance of the commutation may be tendered
to the Government, but forever after that. On
every single day, unless it is Sunday, which is
dies «on, are the functions of these officials to con-
tinue. And why ? Because, first, for the purpose
of laying the direct tax, they go on and act down
to the 1st of April; and second, for the purpose
of enforcing what the committee has denominated
"internal duties," they go on forever after that,
,so long as this act shall stand upon the statute-
book. The ant, therefore, will go into operation,
remain in operation, and individual rights will
vest under jt, conforming, as my friend from Ohio
says, to the express injunction of that paramount
authority called the Constitution of the United
States. Congress, acting under the express re-
quirement ana restriction of that instrument, im-
poses a tax upon a specific thing, to wit: all the
realty, and all that savors of the realty, in the
various States. In doing this, the law-making
power has subjected a certain class of persons to
that tax, to wit: the real estate owners, and have
exempted from it all other persons.
Now, there is in my district, for instance, a
'man possessing §100,000 of bonds and mortgages,
and possessing nothing else. The courts have
decided in my'State—and I presume the same is
the case in other States—that every tax payer, in
a city for instance, is a quasi stockholder, and is
entitled to hie his iftll in chancery for the benefit
of himself and all others who choose to como in
and 'contribute, for the purpose of ascertaining
and asserting his rights. Now, a man situated
as I have stated, possessing, ot personal estate
but not of realty, $100,000 of taxable property,
conies into court with his bill, in which he alleges
he was situated as I have stated on a certain day;
that on that day the Congress of the United States
passed this law, levying a direct tax, and subject-
iiiir to it, not his property, but exempting his
property cx vi termini; that after that, and in pur-
suance of the act of Congress, the Legislature of
the State of New York assumed to pass a law
the effect of which was to exempt his neighbor,
