1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
is concerned, these officers are not to discharge that
part of their duty. Still it is necessary that the
officers should be appointed and instructed in their
duties, because the assuming that part of the tax
callcd "direct tax,"' does not excuse these officers
from assessing, on items of personal property, the
internal duty. Therefore they must proceed with
that. This bill provides that the Legislatures shall
have up to the 1st of April to give notice of their
assuming this direct tax, which will be after the
time that all the Legislatures, except that of New
Hampshire, will have met. So that £ see no in-
convenience from that.
But the gentleman has stated that the Legisla-
tures of the different States cannot assume this
portion of the direct tax apportioned among them.
What is there to prevent the Legislature of any
State from assuming it in the first place? And if
they do assume it, what is there to prevent their
paying it in just such a way as -the sovereign
power of that State shall determine ? The Legis-
lature of each State is sovereign in all things with
respect to legislation, except restrained by the
Constitution of the United States. Now, the Con-
stitution of the United States nowhere limits the
power of taxation in a State; neither as to the
amount, the objects of taxation, nor the purposes
for which that taxation shall be laid. And if a
State, through its otgan, the sovereign Legisla-
ture, shall determine to assume a portion of the
direct tax as apportioned on that State, there is
really no limitation in any part of the Constitu-
tion of the United States to prevent such assump-
tion.
If I understood the gentleman, he undertook to
say, that after they have assumed and paid it,
they cannot raise the money to refund tiie State
treasury except in the same way that Congress
itself might have raised these taxes. Where"does
he find authority for that? Where is the limita-
tion on the Legislature in that respect? It is not
in the Constitution of the United States; and un-
less it be in the constitution of the States them-
selves, there is no power to restrain them. They
have all the powers necessary to carry on the
State government,except where they arc restrained
by theirown constitution or by the Constitution of
the United States. Now, 1 cannot find any such
restriction; I cannot find any such power denied
to the States by the Constitution of the United
States; and as it is not denied to them, they pos-
sess full power, unless their State constitution
pLohibits it, and I do not understand that it does.
MESSAGE FUOM THE SENATE.
The committee rose informally, and a message
was received from the Senate, by Mr. FojiN^y,
its Secretary, notifying the House that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, an act (II. R.
No. 20) to provide for the suppression of rebel-
lion against, and resistance to, the laws of the
United States, and to amend the act entitled "An
act to provide for calling forth the militia to ex-
ecute the laws of the Union," &c., passed Feb-
nuu y 28, J79.3; and an act (FI. R. No. 45) to define
and punish certain conspiracies, with an amend-
ment, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House. \
ADDITIONAL REVENUE DILL—A GAIN. ^
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. OLIN. The objection, Mi. Chairman,to
the provisions of the thirty-ninth section consists
in the fact, as I understand it, that that section
does not obviate at all the objections that it was
designed to remedy. Its object was, undoubt-
edly, to confer on each State that might be dis-
posed to pay this tax voluntarily the right to do
so, and to collect it through the instrumentality
of its own government, linn avoiding the expense,
trouble, awl annoyance, of levy nig the tax through
the machinery of the Gencial Government. It
the bill had been propei ly diawn, unquestionably
that object might have been attained; for I do not
doubt ut all that every State of the Union, loyal
to the Constitution to-day, would readily seize on
the provisions of this thirty-ninth section, and
raise the money necessary to pay the tax, without
the employment of all the machinery provided in
this bill, and without its attendant expense. Now,
it is quite obvious, on a comparison of the fifth
and seventh sections of the bill, that, although a
State were disposed to pay this tax, and when it
indemnifies itself, if possible, distributes the sum
to be collected according to the manner of its own
local taxation, all the enormous expense of this
machinery is by no means obviated by its stepping
forward and paying that tax; for all the duties
imposed, and most of the expense to be incurred,
will have been pei formed andmcurred before the
State can signify its intention to pay the tax. Ob-
viously, this might have been avoided if the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had framed the bill
for that purpose. I am asked how were they to
do it. Simply by providing that the expensive
machinery provided in this bill should not be put
in operation in any State until after the Legisla-
ture of the State had had time to determine whether
they would or would not assume and pay the tax.
Mr. ELIOT. I agree a good deal with what my
friend is saying,.but I want to ask him whether,
supposing a plan could be devised by which the
State machinery could be put into operation be-
fore the appointment of the officers, any plan could
then- be devised to save the State from its share
of the expense incurred under the bill in collect-
in* the taxes levied in other States, whose Legis-
latures did not assume them? Would not the
State that did assume them have to pay her share
of the expenses for the States that did not?
Mr. OLIN. Very likely she would;.but I as-
sume now, and I think no man on the floor doubts
it, that every State in the Union which is loyal to
the Constitution would gladly seize on the pro-
visionsof this thirty-ninth section and collect this
tax under its own State machinery, and pay it in
the manner therein prescribed; and every State
that did so would in so far diminish the expenses
of its collection in such State or States as might
happen to fail to do so.
Mr. F. A. CONIvLlNG. If my friend will
permit me, I desire to ask him whether his ai-
gument does not proceed on the assumption that
each State will defer signifying its intention in
legai d to commuting this tax, until the 1st of April
next? Now,it is provided by the second section
of the bill that the appointment of the assessois
and collectors, or any of them, shall not be made
until the commencement of the next session of
Congress, if the State of New York, for instance,
whose Legislature meets on the first Tuesday of
January m each year, intends to commute this tax,
and pay the gross sum into the Treasury of the
United States, the presumption is that that inten-
tion will be understood in advance, and that the
President will make no appointment of assessois;
and that, consequently, the expenses of this ma-
chinery will not be incurred at all.
Mr. OLIN. In reply to that question, Mr.
Chairman, I have not examined to see at what
prescribed times the Legislatures of the various
States meet; but 1 see no difficulty in their decid-
ing this question so soon as they do meet. The
Legislature of my State meets on the first Tues-
day in January next; and it will undoubtedly
requite but very little time for it to determine
whether they will comply with the provisions of
the thirty-ninth section. The bill should be so
drawn as to accommodate, if possible, the Le-
gislatures of all the States. The Legislature of
the State of Michigan meets, as I understand,
some time in April next; and what I insist upon
is this: that the bill shall be so fiamed that the
appointment of assessors, or at least the discharge
of duties by thorn, shall be postponed until the
LegislatuieN of the various States have time to
make their determination known.
My friend from Ohio, [Mr. Bixgiiam,] who un-
dertook to answer the argument of my friend on
the left, (Mr. Roscoe Coxkling,] had rather an
unfortunate way of answering the legal proposi-
tion presented by that gentleman. I do not pro- \
fess to be much of a lawyer, but I assert here that i
itisa question ofthe gravest significance, whether,
under the piovisions of this act, a tax-payer in :
the State of New York would not have a right to ;
restiam by law the collection of a tax attempted j
to be imposed by the St,ate of New York which
should dtstubute that tax in a different manner i
from that pu scribed m the act which we are about j
to pass. My friend from Ohio docs not answer '
that question at all; and if my fiiend from Penn- '
sylvania [Air. Stevkxs] were not a much older ,
man than myself, I should say the soundness of
his aigument on the subject was equally ques-
tionable. _ |
Somewhat familiar with the rules of law per-
taining to this subject in my own State, I under-
take to assert here that it is a question of the
gravest significance whether our State Legisla-
tures would have a right to apportion this tax in
a mode different from that proposed by a law of
Congress; to assume the payment of it, and then
levy a tax to reimburse the State, distributing
the tax upon property exempted by Congress
from taxation. My own opinion is, that a person
exempted from tax under the operation of this
bill by its terms, would have the right, if by State
legislation, a State undertook to levy the tax upon
property, to demand and to enforce his demand
that the tax be imposed in the way provided by
act of Congress, and in no other way.
One word further.- My duties elsewhere have
precluded me from that careful attention to this
bill which I should otherwise have bestowed on
it; but I may be permitted to say that I have read
it through in *11 its details as carefully as time
would permit, and, in my judgment, it is an un-
fortunate and exceedingly faulty one in many of
its provisions. It manifestly has not received that
careful scrutiny and consideration which a meas-
ure of its importance to all the interests of the
country ought to receive at the hands of this
House. Whether we shall have time to secure
for it. that consideration during the present ses-
sion, may be possibly doubtful; but I regard itas
extremely unfortunate that a measure of its mag-
nitude has not had a more careful revision than
the committee of this House are likely to have
time togivetoit. But whatever consideration has
been given to it by the Committee of Ways and
Means, it it should be remembered that " every-
body knows more than anybody;" and I think,
if it should undergo the searching scrutiny of this
House, it might be vastly improved in some of
its provisions.
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn.
Mr. McKNIGHT moved that the committee
rise.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Would it be in order to
amend that motion, so as that the committee, when
they rise, shall report the bill to the House? I
want to get the bill into some shape where it can
be essentially changod.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is now-
pending offered by the gentleman from New York,
and it would not be m oider to rise and report the
hill to the House, until that amendment shall be
disposed of.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I withdraw my
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Still itwillnotbe in order
to repoit the bill to the House until it shall have
been read through for amendment, except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. WICKUFFE. I move, then, to strike
o.ut the enacting clause of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in
oider, while the motion that the committee rise is
pending.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. 1 appeal to the gentleman
who made that motion to withdraw it.
Mr. McIyNIGHT. I would be very glad to
accommodate the gentleman from Kentucky, but
1 understand there is a bill being prepared to be
offered as a substitute at the proper time. I do
not think the committee is ready to take a vote
upon the pending section to-night, and I therefore
ptefer to insist on the motion that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Colfax repoitcd that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House bill
No. 71, to pro\ ide additional revenues for defray-
ing the expenses of Government and maintaining
tiie public credit by the assessment and collection
of a diiect tax and internal duties, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
lolled Ellis, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a bili to author-
ize the issue of a register to the steamer Estella;
which thereupon received the signature of the
Speaker.
ARMS FOH iiOME PROTECTION.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, asked leave to report
back, from the Committee on Military Affairs, a
