288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27.
bill (S. No. 38) making an appropriation to pay
the expenses of transporting and delivering arms
and munitions of war to the loyal citizens of the
States the inhabitants of which now are, or here-
after may be, in rebellion against the Govern-
ment of the United States, and to provide for the
expense of organizing them into, companies, bat-
talions, regiments, or otherwise, for their own pro-
tection against^iomestic violence, insurrection,
invasion, or rebellion.
Mr. BURNETT. I cannot give my consent
to that bill, and therefore object.
COMPENSATION 01? OFFICERS.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, Senate bill No.
48, to provide a commission to examine and re-
port as to the compensation of officersof the Gov-
ernment, and for other purposes, v«is taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first a second time,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
POTOMAC BRIDGE.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous
consent, bill No. 46, to provide for the construc-
tion of a bridge across the Potomac, was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and sccond
time, and referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
MAINTENANCE OF TIIE UNION.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous
consent^ Senate joint resolution No. 10, declara-
tory of the determination of Congress to main-
tain the supremacy of the Government and the;
integrity of the Uniffn, was taken from the
Speaker's table, road a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MeKNIGHT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
BALTIMORE PRTTTION.
Mr. MAY. I hope the Ilou^e will, before it
adjourns, allow me to present a petition. I have
not a, word to say about it.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman can present it
under the rule.
Mr. MAY. It is of the character which is gen-
erally presented in open Mouse.' It is from loyal
authority in the city of Baltimore.
Several Mkmbkus objected.
The motion of Mr, McKnjgiit was then Agreed
to; and thereupon (at four o'clock) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
SATURDAY, July 27, 186J.
Prayorby the Chaplain, Ilev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal ofyeblciday was read and approved.
KXKCUTIVK COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT;)?'*? tempore laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of War, stating
that, in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
of the l(Jlh instant, oulers have been ^iven for the
publication weekly, m each of the newspapers of
the city of Washington, of the name and louition
of each public hospital in the District of Colum-
bia, and the number of sick or wounded of the
various regiments in the several hospitals; which
was ordered to he on the table.
P13TITI0N.
Mr. MORRILL. I have a petition of Jacob
Gideon, W. W. Seaton, Lewis Clephane, (the
postmastei of this city,) and Z. Richards, (Pres-
ident of the }Joard of Common Council of this
city,) praying tor the suppression of giog-shops
in the Distuctoi' Columbia. Fiom the represent-
ations made to me, I am sure there is not, either
within or without the lines of the American army,
an enemy so fatal to its health, order, and disci-
pline, as that of intemperance. No masked bat-
tel ies of the enemy are so fatal to our Army as
the grog-shops of this city. move that this me-
moual be refeucd to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
METROPOLITAN POLICE.
Mr. GRIMES. I hold in my hand a petition
of sundry Citizens of the District of Columbia,
praying tor the passage of the metropolitan po-
lice bill, foi the purpose of pioteetin^ their lives
and property. As the committee have had that
subject under consideration, and have reported a
bill, I move that the petition lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. Yesterday, Senate bill No. 49,
to create a metropolitan police district of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and to establish a police there-
for, was irjade the special order of the day for one
o'clock to-day. If there be no other business, I
move that that bill be taken up now..
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 49) to create a metropoli-
tan police district of the District of Columbia,
and to establish a police therefor.
The bill provides for the establishment of a
metropolitan policc district of the District of Co-
lumbia, to be constituted of the corporations of
Washington and Georgetown and of the county
of Washington outside of the limits of those cor-
porations. The policc force is to consist "of a
superintendent of police, ten sergeants, and such
number of patrolmen as may be necessary., not
exceeding, for the regular service, one hundred
and fifty, under five commissioners of police as
their chief officers. The board of police com-
missioners are to be appointed for three years, by
the President of the United States, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, three from
the city of Washington, one from Georgetown,
and one from the county of Washington; together
with the Mayors of Washington and Georgetown,
who are to be members of the board ex officio. A
president and a treasurer ate to be appointed by
the i^oard from their own number, and the board
may also employ a clerk. The bill defines the
duties and powers of the force which it creates,
and confers on the superintendent of police the
authority, as head of the police department, which
is now executed by the Mayors of Washington
and Georgetown, but in subordination to the
board of police commissioners, on whom is con-
ferred all the powers now possessed by the Mayors
of Washington and Georgetown in respect to or-
dering military assistance in aid of the civil au-
thomies in certain cases. The appointment of
the police force under this act supersedes the
existing auxiliary guard.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 move to strike out after the
woids il United States," m the tenth line of the
eighth section, all down to the wo id " or," in the
twelfth line; to strike out, in other words, that
limitation which confines the appointment to per-
sons who have resided a certain number of years
in the District of Columbia.
The words to be stricken out are:
" Or who i-hali not have resided m the District of Co-
lumbia dutini,' a tcim of juais next piecedmg bis
appointment5?
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to fill the blank in the
fourteenth section, line twenty-six, with the word
" conumssiom-is."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the bill in
section seventeen, by striking out all after the
word "enact," in line nine, to the end of the
section.
The words to be stricken out are:
" The bouul of police shall have pow^r to oroct and main-
tain such lines oi telegraph wutnu mikI dMriet as lor pur-
pose;; of police the buaid shall deem nceessaiy."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. There is a verbal amend-
ment necessary in section twenty-two, line three.
1 move to strike out the word " other,'' after the
woid " each," in that line.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCIv. I propose a mere verbal
amendment; the change, of the word "qualified,"
in line ten. of section three, to " authorized."
The I'iUOS! fth'.XT pro tempore. No objection
being made, the section will be so modified.
The bill wns reported Co the Senate, as amended,
and the amendments were concurred 111. The bill
was ordered to bo engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
15ILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous ;
conscnt obtanvd, leave to introduce a joint reso- I
iution (S. No. 12) to place the nameof Commander :
Amasa Paine upon the active-service list of the !
Navy; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to iniroduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 13) to place the name of Lieutenant Charles
Hunter on the active-service list of the Navy;
"which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
•tained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 14) to place the name of Lieutenant Peter
Turner upon the active-service list of the Navy; •
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. ANTHONY. These are officers who were
retired by the board whose proceedings have been
so often denounced and reversed in this Chamber.
They have all tendered their services to the Gov-
ernment, and they are all now in that active em-
ployment, to the emoluments and rank of which
they ask to be restored.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolat, his Secretary, announced
that the Piesident had approved and signed the
following bill and joint resolution:
A bill (S. No. 14) for the better organization
of the Marine Corps; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 9) relative to the
exhibition of the industry of all nations, to be
holden in London in the year 1862.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etherid&e, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested :
A bill (No. 59) for the reliefof John C. McCon-
liell; and
A bill (No. 78) to amend an act entitled "An
act supplementary to the act entitled ' An act
providing for a naval peace establishment, and for
other purposes,' " passed March 27, 1804.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 38) mak-
ing an appropriation to pay the expenses of trans-
porting and delivering arms and munitions of war
to the loyal citizens of the States of which the in-
habitants now are or hereafter maybe in rebellion
against the Government of the United States, and
to provide for the expense of organizing them into
companies, battalions, regiments, or otherwise,
for their own protection against domestic violence,
insurrection, invasion, or rebellion-.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 34) au-
thorizing the Secretary of War to reimbur&e vol-
unteers for expenses incurred in employing regi-
mental and other bands, with amendments, in
which the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed a bill (H. II. No. 73) to authoiize the
issue of a register to the steamer Estolla; which
thereupon received the signature of the President
pro teb^ore.
l J APPROVAL 01? PRESIDENTIAL ACTS.
TJie PRESIDENT pro tempore. A special
order having been made for one o'clock, unless
there be othei business appropriate to the morn-
ing hour, the hour of one o'clock being so near
at hand, if no objection be made, the Chair will
call up that proposition, which is the joint reso-
lution (S. No. 1) to approve and confirm certain
acts of the President of the United States for sup-
pressing insurrection and rebellion; the pending
question being on the passage of the resolution,
on which the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. John-
son] has the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. President,
when I came fiom my home to the seat of Gov-
ernment, in compliance with the proclamation of
the President of the United States calling us to-
gether in extra session, it was not my intention
to engage in any of the discussions that might
transpire in this body; but since the session began,
in consequence of the course that things have
taken, I feel unwilling to allow the Senate to ad-
journ without saying a few words m response to
many things that have.been submitted to the Sen-
ate Since its session commenced. What little I
shall say to-day will be said without much method
