THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF
CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES,
WASHINGTON,
D. 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, JULY 29, 1861.
New Series.
...No. 19.
or order. I shall present the suggestions that
occur to my mind, and shall endeavor to speak
of the condition of the country as it is.
On returning here, we find ourselves, as wc \ycre
when we adjourned last spring, in the midst of a
civil war. That war is now progressing, without
much hope or prospect of a speedy terrrffnaiion.
It seems to me, Mr. President, that our Govern-
ment has reached one of three periods through
which all Governments must pass. A nation, or
a people, havefirstto pass through a fierce oideal
in obtainingtheirindependenceorseparation fiom
the Government to which they were attached. In
some instances this isasevereordeal. We passed
through this ordeal in the Revolution; we were
seven years in effecting the separation, and in
taking our position amongst the nations of the
earth as a separate and distinct Power. Then,
after having succeeded in establishing its inde-
pendence, and taken its position among the nations
of tho  earth, a nation must show its ability to
maintain that.position, that separate and distinct
independence against other Powers, against for-
eign foes. In i832 this ordeal commenced, and
terminated in 1815. Our Government lias passed
through this ordeal.
There is stiil another ordeal through which a
nation must pass. After having passed through
these two, it has to contend against internal foes;
against enemies at home; against those xvhohavc
do confidence in its integrity, or in the institutions
that may ho established under its organic law.
We aie now in the mulstof thi^ third ordeal,and
the struggle through which this Government is
passing now is to determine whether it is capable
of maintaining its existence against internal foes
and domestic traitors to the Constitution. The
problem now being solved before the nations of
the earth, and before the people of the United
States, is whether we can succeed in maintaining
oui stives against the internal foes of the Govern-
ment; whether we can succeed in putting down
traitors and treason, and in establishing the great
fact that we have a Government with sufficient
strength to maintain its existence against what-
ever combination may be picsentcd in opposition
to it. '
This brings me to a proposition laid down by
the Executive in his recent message to the Con-
gress of the United States. In that message the
President said:
"This is essentially a people's contest. On the side of
tlio Union, it is a Miuggle loi maintaining ui the woild,
that form and substance of Government, whose loading
object is to elevate the condition of men ; to lift amfictal
weights tiom all tdioulder*; to clear tin; paths of laudable
pm-uit lot all; to afford all an mit'-U-'ied stait, and .i lan*
chance m the race of life. Yieldm:? to paitial and ti'inpo-
iaiy dcpaitme--, lioni necessity, tin;- is the loading object ot
the Government, tor whose existence wc contend.5'
I think the question is pretty eleaily stated in
that paiagraph. It is now a contest foi the ex-
istence of the Government against internal foes
and traitors. It is a contest whether a people are
capable of governing themselves or not. We
have reached that crisis in our country's history,
and the time has arrived when, if the Government
has the power, if the people aie cajDablo of self-
government, and con establish this great truth,
that it should be done; and this is the ordeal
through which wo must pass in the establish-
ment of this great truth, or this great problem of
man's capability of sell-government. I tius-t and
hope that wc shall succecd in the experiment; I
feel confident we shall; but the time has airtved
when the energies of the nation must be put forth,
when there must be union and concert on the part
of all those who agree in man's capability of self-
government, without regard to their former di-
visions or party prejudices, in order to demon-
strate that great proposition.
Since tim discussion commenced, it has been
iiiged and argued, by Senators on one side, that
theio was a d'spoMhon to change the nature and
charactei of the Government; and thuf, if wc pro-
ceeded as wc were going, it would result m estab-
lishing a dictatorship. It has been said that the
whole framework, nature, genius, and charactcr
19
of the Government would be entirely changcd;
and groat apprehensions have been thrown out
that it would result in a consolidation of the Gov-
ernment or a dictatoiship. Sir, I agree that there
is an effort, a very great effort, being made to
change the nature and charactcr of our institu-
tions, and the whole framework of the Govern-
ment. W< find, in the speech delivered by the dis-
tinguished Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Breck-
inridge,] the other day, the following paragraph,
alluding to what will be the effect of the passage
of this joint resolution approving the action of the
President:
"lletc fit Washington, in Kentucky,in Missouri,everv-
whcie where the authonty ot the Piesident extends, In his
discretion'he will led lmnself warranted by the action of
Congic^s upon tlii«? ie>olution to r-uboidniatethe civil to the
military powei ; to impugn citizens without wairant 01
law ; to •suspend the writ u['habeas ivtpw>: lo establish nini-
tial law ; to make seizures and seaiehe-, without warianf;
to suppie^s the press; to do all those acts which rust in the
will and in the authority of a militnty comtnandei. In my
judgment, sii, if wo pasn it, wc aie upon the eve of* putting,
jso fat as we can, in the hands ot the J'lC.-ident of the Uni-
ted States, the power of a dictator."
Then, in reply to the Senator from Oregon,
[Mr. Baker,] he seems to have great apprehen-
sion in reference to his allusion to a dictator. The
Senator goes on to say:
" The pie«n,int question, Mi. Tioidcnt, for u=  to decide
IS whet bet the Constitution is to be te^p'-t ted in this ^ll u<{-
gle; whethei we aie 10 be called upon to loihnv the llajj
ovet the i mils ol the Constitution ? Without questioning
the inoiive.- ot any, I believe that the whole tendency ot
the pie-ent proceedings i.s to establish aGo\eminent with-
out hm n a'ton of poweis, and to change radically our I tamo
and chdi.ieler ol Go\ eminent."
Sii, I most fullv concur with the Senator that
there is a great dibit being made to change the
nature and chnracterof our G<wei nmcnt. i think
that effort is being demonstrated and manifested
most clearly every day; but we differ as to the
parties making this great effort. I think the ques-
tion is fairly and properly stated by the President,
that it is a struggle whether the people shall rule;
whether the people shall have a Government
based upon theii intelligence, upon their intcg-
lity, upon their punty of charactcr, sufficient to
govern themselves. I think this is the trueis-uie;
aod theie is an effort being made, and that effort
has been Jons: contemplated, to overthrow and
upturn the institutions of this Government that
we call fiee, which is based upon man's capabil-
ity of self-government.
The Senator alludes furthermore in his speech
to a conversation he had with some very intelligent
gentleman who formerly represented our country
abroad. It appears from that conversation that
foreigners were accustomcd to say to Americans,
" 1 th ought your Govern men t existed by consent;
now how is it to exist?" and the reply was, " we
intend to change it; we intend to adapt it to our
condition; these old colonial geographical divis-
ions and States will ultimately be nibbed out,
and we shall have a Governnientstiongand pow-
erful enough." The Senator seemed to have great
appiehensions based on those conversations, lie
fiu tliermore read a paragraph from a paper indi-
cating that Slate hues weie to be rubbed out. In
addition to all this he goes on to enumerate that
the writ of habeas corpus has been violated, and he
says that since the Government commenced, there
has not been a case equal to the one which has
recently transpned in Maryland. I shall take up
some of his points in their order, and speak of
them as I think they deserve to be spoken of. In
his speech, he says:
" The civil authorities o! the conntiy aie paialyzcd. and
a ptactical irt.n tiui law is heimr established nil ovci the land.
The like in vej happened in tlu-> counti\ hetoie, and would
not be toleiated m any eountiy m Em ope which pretend* to
the elements oi civilization and regulated hbeity. Ooigc
Wii-hiu«t<>n earned tlte tlniteen colonies through the wai
of the Revolution wnlne.it maifirtl law. The President of
the Hinted Stah < cannot conduct tin: Govcinmcnt tlnee
months without I'^orung to u."1
The Scnatot puts great stress on the point, and
sp< aks of it m vei y emphatic language, that Gen-
eral Washington eairi-d the counny through the
seven years of the Revolution without icsorting
to martial law during all that period of tune. Now,
how does the matter stand? When v>e come to
examine the history of the country, it would seem
that the Senator had not hunted up all ihe cases.
We can find some, and one in particular, not very
different from the case which has recently occurred,
and of which ho was speaking. In 1777, the second
year of the war of the Revolution, members of the
Society of Friends in Philadelphia were arrested
on suspicion of being disaffected to the cause of
American freedom. A publication now before
me says:
" The peisons arrested, to the number of twenty," *
* *   were lakt n into custody, by mihtaiy lorce, at
their home* or u-ual places of business; many of them
could not obiain any knowledge ot tin- cause of their arrest,
or of any one to whom they were amenable, and thev could
only hope to avail themselves of the intervention of some
civil authority.
" The Executive Council [of the Suite of Pennsylvania]
being loiiued of residents of the city and county of Phila-
delphia, had a better knowledge of the Society of Friends
anil of their individual clnnacterd than the members of
Congicss assembled Itoin the vauous parts of the country,
and ought to have pioteetcd them. But instead of this, they
caused these miosis of their fellow-citizens to be made
Willi unrelenting •severity, and lrom the 1st to the 4th day
of September, 1T,7, the party was taken into confinement
In the Mason's Lodge, in Philadelphia.
" On ihe minutes of Congress of 3d September, 1777, it
appcais that a lettei was received by them from George
Hiyan, Vice President ol the Supreme Executive Council,
dated 2d Septembei, stating that airests had been made of
person* inimical to the American States, and desiumr the
advice of Concies* paiticuhuly whether Augusta and Win-
chester, in Viiginia, would not be proper places at which
to sccuie punoner>.,; ******
u Congress must have been aware that it was becoming
a case ot veiy unjust suffeimg, for they passed their reeo-
liuion o( 6th September, 1777, as follows :
k;cThatit be recommended to the Supreme Executive
Council of the State ot Peniisj Ivania to hear what the said
ienion<tianN ean allege to lcmove the suspicions ot their
betn<j disaffected or dangciou ? to the United States.'
" Hut the Suptcme Executive Council ou the same day,
relet una to the above,
" ' licsolrcd, Thai the President do write to Congiess to
let them know that the Council lias not tune to attend to
that business in the present alarming crisis, and that they
\vcie,airteeahly to the lecommendation of Congress, at the
moment the icsolvt: was brought into Council, disposing of
eveiything for the depaituie oi thepr^sone^:i.,"
■v * * * a * * * * *
<k As the t ecommcndatfon of Congress of the 6th of Sep-
tember, to give the pusoners a hearing, was refused by the
Suptemo Executive Council, the next minute made by Con-
.gress was as follows :
In Congress,8th September, 1777.
"' Jiesolre'd, That it would be unpioper for Congress to
cntei into a heaung of the temonstiantsoi other pnsoneis in
the Mason's Lodge, they being mhabiiants ol Pennsylvania;
and therefoie, as the Council declines giving them a hear-
ing for the teason* assigned in their letter to Congress, tfiat
it t e iccomuiended to said Council to otder the immediate
dcpnituic of t«nch of the said prisoners as yet refuse to
swear or affnm allegiance to the State of Pennsylvania, to
Staunton, in Yugima.
The lemonstiances made to Congress, and to the Su-
premo Rveeutive Council, being unavailing, the paitie?
ciirented weic ouleied todepnitfoi Virginia, on the 11th
Scpfembei, J 7" 't} when,as theirlast rcsouice, they applied,
under the laws of lYmi-ylvauia, to be brought before the
judicial comtb> writ.-, of hahra-> corpus.
'{'J'he depaituie ot thepi^oncrs was committed to the
caie ol (lolonel Jacob Moigan, of i5ucks county, and they
weie guanled by t>i\ of the light-horse, commanded by
Alexander Ne.sbitt and Samuel (laid well, who weie to obey
the dispatches* Uoni the Uoaid ot War, of which General
Iluiutio Catcs was president, diu cted to tin* lieutenants of
the counties tlnouirh which the pnsoneis were to pass.
'■The wills ol kahew) corpns, on being presented to the
Chief Justice, were maiked bv him,' Allowed by Thomas
jMcKean,' ami they were served on the officers who had
the prisoner m cu-todv, when thev had been taken on their
jouinev lai as Heading, Pennsylvania, on the 14th day of
Jseptcfiiljei, but the ufliceis icfurcd to obey them.
•*lt appeals hy the Jomnnl or the Snpieme Executive
Council of the Kith of September, that AlexamlerNcsbitt,
one oi the oliiceis, had previously obtained infonnation
about the witts, and made a icpoit of ihem; when the
Pennsylvania Xjegisiatmc. at the instance of the Supreme
Executive Council, passed a law on the 16th of Septem-
ber. 1777. to suspend the habeas coijms act; and although
it was an cr po<.t facto law, as it related to their case, the
Supreme Executive Council on that day ordered the same
to be earned into ctfcct."
In the progress of the history of this ease we
find that—
'• The p.utv consisted of twenty poisons, of whom sev-
enteen weie" member* or the Society of piiontK They
were oule.ed first to Staunton, then a frontier town m the
western setileinent of Virginia, but afieiwards to be de-
i.tmed a* Whk better, whet,- i|h*\ weie kept in partial con-
finement neaily eight mouth-, without piovision being
made for their suppoit; lot im: only leleiencc to this was
by a lesohmon of the Supt< me Executive Council of Penn-
sylvania, dated Apnl IT'.o. a.- toliows:
" < Ordered, That the wiiole expenses of arresting and
