290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
confining the piisoners gent to Virginia, the expenses of
their journey, and all other incidental charges, be paid by
the said prisoners.5
*'c During the stay of the exiles at Winchester, nearly ftH
of them suffered greatly from circumstances unavoidable
in their situation—-from anxiety, separation from their fam-
ilies, left unprotected in Philadelphia, then a besieged city,
liable at any time to be starved out or taken by assault;
while from sickness and exposure during the winter sea-
son, in accommodations entirely unsuitable for them, two
of their number departed this Jifc in the month of March,
1778."
Thus, Mr. President, we find that the writ of
habeas corpus was suspended by the authorities of
Pennsylvania, during the Revolution, in the case
of persons who were considered dangerous and
inimical to the country, A writ was taken out
and served upon the officers, and they refused to
surrender the prisoners, or even to give them a
heaving. If the Senator from Kentucky had de-
sired an extreme case, and wished to make a dis-
play of his legal and historical information, it
would have been very easy for him to have cited
this case—much more aggravated, much more ex-
travagant, much more striking, than the one in
regard to which he was speaking.' Let it be re-
membered, also, that this c^sc, although it seems
to be an extravagant and striking one, occurred
during the war of the- Revolution, under General
"Washington , before we had a President. We find
that at that time the writ of habeas corpus was sus-
pended, and twenty individuals.were denied even
the privilege of a hearing, because they were con-
sidered inimical and dangerous to the liberties of
the country, in the midst of the Revolution,
when the writ of habeas corpus was as well under-
stood as it is now, when they were familiar with
its operation in Great Britain, when they knew
and understood all the rights and privileges it
granted to the citizen, we find that the Legislature
of Pennsylvania passed a law repealing the power
to issue the writ of habeas corpus, and went back
and relieved the officers who refused to obey the
writs, and indemnified them from the operation of
any wrong they might have done. This occurred
in the Revolution, during the very period referred
to by the Senator from Kentucky. If he wanted
a strong and striking case, one that would bear
comment, why did he not go back to this case,
that occurred during the period to which he re-
ferred in our revolutionary struggle for independ-
ence? But no-, all these cases seem to have been
forgotten, and the mind was fixed down upon a
case of recent occurrence. There is a great sim-
ilarity in the cases; but the one to which I have
alluded is much more extravagant than the one
referred to by the Senator. It was in Philadel-
phia, where Congress was sitting; it was in Penn-
sylvania where these persons, who were consid-
ered inimical to the freedom of the country, were
found. Congress was appealed to, but Congress
executed the older; and the Legislature of Penn-
sylvania, after it was executed, though it was in
violation of the right to the writ of habeas corpus,
passed a law indemnifying the persons that had
violated it, and made it letrospective in its oper-
ation. Hence we see that the Senator's case dues
not amount to much. Wo find a much more ex-
travagant case when we were struggling for our
independence as a people, when this course was
sustained by the authorities of the country. What
is our case now ? We are not struggling for the
establishment of our nationality, but we sue now
struggling for the existence of the Government.
Suppose the writ of habeas corpus has been sus-
pended: the question arises whether it was not a
justifiable suspension at the time-, and ought we
not now to indorse simply what we would have
done if we had been here ourselves at the time the
power was exercised ?
The impression is sought to be made on the
public mind that this is the first and only case
where the power has been exercised. 1 have shown
that there is one tenfold more striking, that oc-
curred durine: our struggle for independence. Is
this the first time that persons in the United States
have been placed under martial law? In 1815,
when New Oileans was about to be sacked, when
a foreign foe was upon the soil of Louisiana, New
Orleans was put under martial law, and Judge
Hall was made a prisoner because he attempted
to interpose, is there a man here, or in the country,
who condemns General Jackson for the exercise
of the power of proclaiming martial law m 1815?
Could that city have been saved without placing it
under martial law, and making Judge Hall submit
to it? I know that General Jackson submitted to
be arrested, tried, and fined $1,000; but what did
Congress do m that case? it did just what we
are called on to do in this case. By the restora-
tion of his fine—-an act passed by an overwhelming
majority in the two Houses of Congress—the
nation said " we approve what you did." Sup-
pose, Mr. President, (which may have been the
case,) that the existence of the Government de-
pended upon the protection and successful defense
of New Orleans; and suppose, too, it was in vio-
lation of the strict letter of the Constitution for
General Jackson to place New Orleans under
martial law, but without placing it under martial
iawtheGovernment"would have been overthrown:
is there any reasonable, any intelligent man in or
out of Congress who would not indorse and ac-
knowledge the exercise of a power which was
indispensable to the existence and maintenance of
the Government? The Constitution was likely
to be overthrown, and the law was about to be
violated, and the Government trampled under foot;
and when itbecame necessary to prevent this, even
by exercising a power that comes in conflict with
the Constitution in time of peace, it should and
ought to be cxercised. If General Jackson had
lost the city of New Orleans, and thereby the
Governmenthad been overthrown, by refusing to
place Judge Hall and the city of New Orleans
under martial law, ho ought to have lost His head.
Rut he acted as a soldier; he acted as a patriot;
he acted as a statesman; as one devoted to the in-
stitutions and the preservation and the existence
of his Government; and by so acting the Govern-
ment was saved and preserved.
Then, sir, the power which has been exercised
in this instance is no new thing. In great emer-
gencies, when the life of a nation is in peril, when
its very existence is flickering, to question too
nicely, to scan too critically, its acts in the veiy
midst of that flickering, in the very midst of that
crisis, when the Government is likely to be over-
thrown, is to make war upon it, and to try to
paralyze its energies. If war is to be made upon
those who seem to violate the laws of the United
States in their efforts to preserve the Government,
wait until the country passes out of its peril; wait
until the country is relieved from its difficulty;
wait until the crisis passes by, and then come for-
ward, dispassionately, and ascertain to what ex-
tent the law has been violated, if indeed it has
been violated at all.
A great ado has been made in reference to the
Executive proclamation calling out the militia of
the States to the extent of seventy-five thousand
men. That call was made under the authority of
the act of 1795, and is perfectly m accordance with
the law. It has been decided by the Supreme
Court of the United States that that act is consti-
tutional, and that the President alone is the judge
of the question whether the exigency has arisen.
This decision was made in the celebrated case of
Martin vs. Mott. The opinion of the court was
delivered hy Judge Story. Let me read fiom the
opinion of the court:
" It has not boon denied h-ve that flic act of ]75)3 is within
the constitutional authont} oi Confess, or tluu Coupie^
may not huslully piovide (or ea^-os <>1 imminent danger of
invasion,<is wella-i lot ca^en wheu' an invasion hart actually
taken phtee. fn oui opinion, theie is no ground lor a doubt
on tins point, even it'll had.been i cited on; lor the power
to provide foi repelling invasion includes the povv< t lopio-
vuie ngamot the attempt and dau«ei of invasion, as ihe
necessity ami pioper means to effectuate the object. One
of the heft mcau-> to repel invasion to ptovule the r.'qui-
Mtc l'oicc lor action bclore the invader himself Impeached
the soil.
uThe power thus confided by Congress to the Pi evident
i«=, doubtle^, ot a very high and delicate n.tlure. A fieo
people aie natmally j^alou^ of the exercise of nnhtaiy
powci ; ami the pouei to callthoinihtia mtoaetu.il scivice
is eeuandy ielt to be one of no oidmaiy magnitude. 13ut
U is not a powei which cao be executed without a coue-
f-pondent i oponsihihty. It is, in its term*, a limited power,
confined to ca^e-* ot actual una-aon, or of imminent dan#et
of invasion If it be a limited pm\ er, the quesiion arises,
bv uhom the exigency to Jx> judged ot and decided ? K
tin* Pspsident lhi% sole and exclusive judge whether the
exigency has au-en, or is it to be coiwdeied a-5 an open
que-:i\m, upon which eveiy olficei, to whom the oidcr- of
liic I'lOMdentaio addrc-sod. tna\ decide for himself, and
equally open to be contested by eveiy mihtia man who
shall refuse to obey the oideis of the President? We aie
all of opimon that the auiiionty to decide whether the ev-
ii '.'i)oy ba«< aiisen belongs e\e!uMvel> to the President, and
that his decbiuii i- conclusive upon all other peisorw. We
think that this construction necessauly ie«u!ts Iroin the
natine of the powei itself and from the manifest object
contemplated by the act of Congiess. The power itself is
to he exeieiscd upon sudden emeigeneies, upon gieat oc-
casions of state, and under chcuinstancos which may be
vital to the existence of the Union. A prompt and unhes-
itating obedience to orders is indispensable to the complete
attainment of the object. The service is a mihtaiy service,
and the command of a military natuie ; and in such cases
eveiy delay and every obstacle to an efficient and immedi-
ate compliance necessaiily tend to jcopaidthc public in-
terests."—Martin vs. Mott, 12 Whealon's Reports, p, 29.
We see, then, that the power is clear as to
calling out the militia; we see that we have pre-
cedents for the suspension of the writ of habeas
corpus. It must also be evident that this is an
unpropitious time to be making war upon the
Government, while it is in its greatest peril, and
thereby paralyze, weaken, and destroy public
confidence in the Government, when there is a
power festively contending in the field to over-
throw and upturn our institutions and destroy the
Government itself.
The next objection made is, that the President
had no power to make additions to the Navy and
Army. I say,in these two instances,he is justified
by the great lasv of necessity. At the time, I
believe it was neccssary to the existence^of the
Government; and it being necessaiy, he had a
right to exorcise all those powers that, in his judg-
ment, the crisis demanded for the maintenance of
the existence of the Government itself. The sim-
ple question—if you condemn the President for
acting in the absence of law—is, do you condemn
the propriety of his course; do you condenjn the
increase of the Army; do you condemn the in-
crease of the Navy? If you oppose the measure-
simply upon the ground that the Executive called
them foith anticipating law, what will you do
now? The question presents itself at this time,
is it not necessaiy to increase the Army and the
Navy ? If you condemn the exercise of the power
of the Executive in the absence of law, what will
you do now, as the law-making power, when it
is manifest that the Army and Navy should bo
increased? You make waf upon the Executive
for anticipating the action of Congress. What
do gentlemen do now, when called upon to sup-
port the Government? Do they do it? They
say the President anticipated the action of Con-
gress. Does not the Government need an in-
crease of the Army and the Navy? Where do-
gentlemen stand now? Are they for it ? Do they
sustain the Government ? Are they giving it a
helping hand? No; they go back and find fault
with the exercise of a power that they say was
without law; but now, when they have the power
to make the law, and when the necessity is ap-
parent, they stand back and refuse. Where does
that place those who take that course ? It places
them against the Government, and against placing
the means in the hands of the Government to
defend and perpetuate its existence. The object
is apparent, Mr. President. We* had enemies of
the Government here last winter; in my opinion,
wo have enemies of the Government here now.
I said that 1 agreed with the Senator from Ken-
tucky that there was a design—a deliberate de-
termination—to change the nature and character
of our Government. Yes, sir, it has been the de-
sign for a long time. All the talk about slavery
and compromise has been but a pretext. We had
a long disquisition, and a very feeling one, from
the Senator from Kentucky, lie became pathetic
in the hopelessness of compromises. Did not the
Senator from California [Mr. Latham] the other
day show unmistakably that it was not compro-
mise they wanted? I will add, that compromise
was the thing they most feared; and their great
effort was to get out of Congress before any com-
promise could he made. At first, their cry was
peaceable secession and reconstruction. "They
talked not of compromise; and, I repeat, their
I greatest dread and fear was, that something would
be agreed upon; that their last and only pretext
would be swept ftom under them, and that they
would stand before the country naked and ex-
posed.
The Senator from California pointed out to you
a number of them who stood here and did not
vote for certain propositions, and those proposi-
tions were lost. What was the action before the
| committee of thirteen ? Why did not that com-
mittee agree ?. Some of the most ultra men from
the Noith were members of that committee, and
they proposed to amend the Constitution so as to
i provide that Congress in the future never should
i interfere with the subject of slavery. The eom-
i mittec failed to agree, and some of its members
I at once telegraphed to their States that they must
