1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
go out of the Union at once. But after all that
transpired in the early part of the session, what
was done? We know what the argument has
been; in times .gone by I met it; I have heard it
again and again. It has been said that one great
object was, first to abolish slavery in the District
of Columbia and the slave trade between the
States, as a kind of initiative measure; next, to
exclude it from the Territories; and when the
free States were three fourths of all the States, so
as to have power to change the Constitution, they
would amend the Constitution so as to give Con-
gress power to legislate upon the subject of sla-
very in the States, and expel it from the States
in which it is now. Has not that been tiie argu-
ment? Now, how does the matter stand? At the
last session of Congress seven States withdrew,
it may be said that eight withdrew; reducing the
remaining slave States down to one fourth of the
whole number of States. Now we have reached
the point at which the charge has been made, that
whenever the free States constituted a majority
in the Congress of the United States, sufficient to
amend the Constitution, they would so amend it
as to legislate upon the institution of slavery within
the States, and that the institution of slavery
would be overthrown. This has been the argu-
ment; it has been repeated again and again; and
hence -the great struggle about the Territories.
The argument was, we wanted to prevent the cre-
ation of free States; we did not want to be reduced
down to that point where, under the sixth article
of the Constitution, three fourths could amend
the Constitution so as to exclude slavery from the
States. This has been the great point; this has
been the rampart; this has been the-very point to
which it has been urged that the free Suites wanted
to pass. Now, how does the fact stand ? Let us
*' render unto Ccesar the things that are Cajsar's."
We reached, at the last session, just the point
where we were in the power of the free States;
and then what was done ? Instead of an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States con-
ferring power upon Congress to legislate upon the
subject of slavery, what was done? This joint
resolution was passed by a two-thiids majority
in each House:
il Rewired by the Senate and House of Rcprcsentatircs of
the United Sfafa of America in Coup ess uvseinbled, That
the following amcle be proposed to the Le^i-latuies of the
several States, aa an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, which, when ratified by throe fourth* of s>aid
Le<ri<jaruies, shall he valid, to all intents and puipos>es, as
paitofthe said Constitution, viz :
Art. 13. No amendment shall be made to the Consti-
tution wlneh will aiirhoiize oi <nve to Uonjrre?,<? the power
to abolish, or iuteriere, within ;ui\ State, with the domestic
institutions theieof, including 'hat oi pei ons held to ser-
vice oi t.iboi by the laws, ot .-aid .State."
Is not that very conclusive ? Here is an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States to
make the Constitution unamendable upon that
subject, as it is upon some other subjects; that
Congress, in the. future, should have no power to
legislate on the subjectof slaver}' within the States.
Talk about " compromise," and about the settle-
ment of this question; how can you settle ltnioie
substantially? How can you get a guarantee that
js more binding than an amendment to the Con-
stitution, which is unamendable, that Congiess m
the future shall not even legislate on the subject'
This places the institution of slavery in the States
entirely beyond the control of Congress. Why
have not the Legislatures that talk about u recon-
struction "and" compromise" and *' guarantees,"
taken up this amendment to the Constitution and
adopted it? Some States have adopted it. How
many southern States have done so? Take my
own State, for instance. Instead of accepting guai-
antees protecting them m all future tune against
the legislation of Congress on the subject of sla-
very, they undertake to pass ordinances violating
the Constitution of the country, and taking the
State out of the Union and into the southern con-
federacy. It is evident to me that with many the
talk about compromise and the settlement of this
question is mere pretext, especially with those
who understand the question.
What more was done at the last session of
Congress, when the North had the power? L'-t
us tell the tiuth. Tlnee temtorial bills won:
bi ought forwaid and passed. You remuinbet in
1847, when the agitation aioae in reference to the
Wilmot proviso. You remember in 1850 the con-
test about slavery prohibition in the Territoues.
You remember in 1854 the excitement in reference
to the Kansas Nebraska bill, and the power con-
ferred on the Legislature by it. Now we have a
constitutional amendment, proposed at a time
when the Republicans have the power; and at the
same time they come forward with three territo-
rial bills, and m neither of tho.se bills can be found
any prohibition, so far as slavery is concerned, in
the Territories. Colorado, Nevada, and Dakota,
arc organized without any prohibition of slavery.
But what do you find in tiiese bills? Mark, Mr,
President, that there is no slavery prohibition;
mark too, the langugeofthesixth section, confer-
ring power upon the Territorial Legislature:
" Sr.c. 6. And be it farther enacted, That the legislative
power oi the Tenltory shall extend to all righttul subjects
of legislation consistent with the Constitution of the United
State-; and the ptoviMons of this act; but no law shall bo
passed interfenng with the pinnaiy disposal of the soil; no
tav shall be imposed upon the property of the United States;
nor shall tiie lands or other piopeity of non-t cedents he
taxed liisdiet than the lands oi other property of icsidents;
not shaUany law be passed impahmg the lights of private
propel ty; nor shall any discrimination be made in taxing
dilleient kinds of property; but all propetty subject to tax-
ation shall be in propoition to the value of the property
laved."
Can there be anything, more clear and conclu-
sive? Fiist, there is no prohibition; next, the
Legislature shall have no power to legislate so
as to impair the rights of private property, and
shall not tax one description of property higher
than another. Now, Mr. President, right here I
ask any reasonable, intelligent man throughout
the Union, to take the amendment to the Con-
stitution, take the three territorial bills, put them
all together, and how much of the slavery ques-
tion is left? Is there any of it left? Yet we hear
talk about compromise; and it is said the Union
must be broken up because you cannot get com-
promise. Does not this settle the whole question?
There is no slavery prohibition by Congress, and
the Temtoiial Legislatures are expressly forbid-
den from legislating so as to impair the rights of
property. 1 know there are some who are sin-
cere in this talk about compromise; but there are
others who are metely making it a pretext, who
come here claiming something in the hope that it
will be refused, and that then, upon that refusal,
their States may be rained out of the Union. I
.should like to know how much more secure we
(an bo in regard to this question of slavery.
These three territorial bills cover every square
inch of territory we have got; and here is an amend-
ment to the Constitution embracing the whole
question, so far as the States and the public lands
of the United States are concerned.
i am as much for compromise as any one can
be; and there is no one who would desire more
than myself to see peace and prosperity i colored
to the land; but when we look at the condition of
the country, we find that rebellion is rife; that
treason has reared it head. A distinguished Sen-
ator from Georgia once said, " when traitors be-
come numerous enough, treason becomes respect-
able." Traitors aie getting to be so numerous
now that I suppose treason has almost got to be
respectable; but Ciod being willing, whether
traitors be many or few, as I have hitherto waged
war against traitors and treason, and in behalf of
the Government which was constructed by our
fathers, I intend to continue it to the end. [Ap-
plause in the galh'iiefi.]
The PRKSIDKNT pro tempore. Older!
Mr. JOJ i iNSON, ofTennes.see. Mr. President,
we are m the midst of a civil war; blood has been
shed: life has been sacrificed. Who commenced
it? Of that we will speak hen-aiter. I am speak-
ing now of the talk about compromise. Traitors
and rebels are .standing with aims m their hands,
and it is said that we must go foiwaid and cum-
ptomise with them. They aie m the wrong; they
are making war upon the Government; they arc
trying to upturn and destroy our free institutions.
I say to them that the compromise I have to make
under the existing circumstances is, "ground
your nuns; obey the laws; acknowledge the su-
piemacy of the Constitution—when you do that,
1 will talk to you about compiomi.ses." All the
compiomi-ie that i have to make is tiie compro-
mise of the Constitution of the UniJed States.
It is one of the best compromises that can be ,
made. We livid und< i it from 17b9 down to .
the 50th of December, iSGO, when South Carolina
undertook to go out of the Union. We prospered; ,
we advanced in wealth, in commerce, m agiicul- ,
ture, in trade, m manufactures, in all the aits and
sciences, and in religion, more than any people
upon the face of God's earth had ever done be-
fore in the same time. What better compromise
do you want? You lived under it until you got
to bea great and prosperous people. It was made
bv our fathers, and comented by their blood.
When you talk to me about compromise, I hold
up to you the Constitution under which you de-
rived ail your greatness, and which was made by
the fathers of your country. It will protect you.
in all your rights.
But it is said that we had better divide the coun-
try and make a treaty and restore peace. If, under
the Constitution which was framed by Washing-
ton and Madison and the patriots of the Revolu-
tion, we cannot live as brothers, as we have in
times gone by, I ask can we live quietly under a
treaty, separated as enemies^ The same causes
will exist; our geogiaphical and physical position
will remain just the same. Suppose you make a
treaty of peace and division: if the same causes
of irritation, if the same causes of division con-
tinue to exist, and we cannot live as brothers in
fraternity under the Constitution made by our
fathers, and as friends in the same Government,
how can we live in peace as aliens and enemies
under a treaty? It cannot be done; it is imprac-
ticable.
But, Mr. President, I concurfully with the dis-
like expressed by the distinguished Senator from
Kentucky to a change in the form of our Gov-
ernment. He seemed to be apprehensiveof a dic-
tatorship. He feared there might be a change in
the nature and character of our institutions. I
could, if I chose, refer to many proofs to estab-
lish the fact that there has been a design to change
the nature of our Government. . I could refer to
Mr. Ilhett; I could refer to Mr. Inglis; I could
refer to vaiious others to prove this. The Mont-
gomery Daily Advertiser, one of the organs of the
so-called southern confederacy, says:
" [las it been a precipitate icvolulion? It has not. With
coolness and delibeiation the subject has been thought of
for fully year-.; foi ten year* it h:w been the all-nb-oihing
theme in political cucIom. From Maine to Mexico all the
diilcient phases and lomn of the question iiave been pie-
sented to the people, until nothing else was thou^nt of,
nothing cKi; spoken of, and nothing else taught in many of
the political schools."
This, in connection with other things, shows
that this movement has been long contemplated,
and that the idea has been to separate from and
break up this Government, to change its nature
and character; and now, after they have attempted
the separation, if they can succeed, their intention
is to subjugate and overthrow and make the other
States submit to their form of government.
To carry out the idea of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, I want to show that there is most conclu-
sive proof of a design to change our government.
I quote from the Georgia Chronicle:
" Our own republican Government has failed midway in
it*: trial* and with it have ncaily vanished the hopes of
tho-e pl'ulantlnopists who, believing in man's capacity for
self government, believed, therefore, in spite of so many
failures, in the practicability of a republic.v
"If this Government has gone down,"asks the
editor, " what shall be its substitute And he
answers by saying that, as to the present gener-
ation, " it seems their only resort must be to a
constitutional monarchy." Hence you see the
Senator and myself begin to agree in the propo-
sition that the natuie and character of the Gov-
ernment are to be changed.
William Howard Russell, the celebrated cor-
respondent of the London Times, spent some time
in South Carolina, and he writes:
" Fi'mi ail quaitcr?., have come to my ears the echoes of
the Mime voiet ; n ma> he feigned, but there is no discord
in the note, and it sounds in wondeilul strength and mo-
notony all over the country. Shades of Geoige III, of
Xottli, oi Johnson, of all who contended against the gieat
rebelhon which tore these colonies from England, can you
hear tiie ehurus winch ring-, tlnougii the State of Mariou,
^umtei, and Pmckney, and not clap your ghostly hands
in tuumph ? That voice say-, e it we could only get one
of the iovai iacc of England to rule over us, we should be
content!' Let there be no misconception on thN point.
That • onhment, wined in a hundred way-Oia.s been re-
peated to nn' <>voi and over again. Then; i* :> 2eue1.il ad-
im-ion thai the means to such an end are wanting and
that the de-u" cannot be ratified. Buttiie ndmnation lor
tnonaiehial iu-tmmonson ihe En«[^h model, lor puviieeed
claw<, and foi a landed aiistoci.uy and -r-'nity, i> und;;--
■ giit-ed and .sppaiently g^nuim*. Willi tie pnde of hav,iig
■ a< lucved then independent e 1- minded m tSie South (Jar-
oilmanV heait a sdanse ie«t.-t at the re-ult and conse-
■ quence?, and mtnvaieihey who • would go back to-mor-
iow if we could." An inten.-e atleeiion for the British
■ emmeerion, a love of il. iiish hahu- and cu>iom>, a refpect
il foi Bntiah sentiment, law, autnoiity, Older, civilization
