294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
refused to furnish the regiments callcd for. The Senator
seomc to he a little offended at the neutrality of Kentucky.
Sir, Kentucky has assumed a position of neutrality, and t
only hope that she may be able to maintain it. She has
assumed that position because there is no impulse of her
pairiotic heart that desires her to imbrue her hands in a
brother's blood, whether he be from the North or the South.
Kentucky looks upon this, war a* unholy, unrighteous,and
unjust. Kentucky belioves that this war, if carried out,
caii result in nothing else than a final disruption of this
Confederacy. She hopes, she wishes, she prays, that this
Union may be maintained. She believes that cannot be
done by force of arms; that it must be done by compromise
and conciliation, if it can be done at all; and hence, being
devoted truly to the Union, she desires to stay this war,
and desire* measures of peace to be presented for the ad-
justment of our difficulties."
I desired in this connection to place before the
Senate the remarks of both the Senators from
Kentucky and the Senator from Missouri,and to
•answer them at the same time. The Senator from
Missouri says the war was brought on since the
4th of March by the President of the United States
of his own motion. The Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Powell] pronounccs it an«unjust, an un-
righteous, and an unholy war. Sir, 1 think it is
an unjust, an unrighteous, and an unholy war.
But, sir, I commenced enumerating the facts in
regard to the question of who commenced the war.
How do they stand? I have just stated that South
Carolina seceded—withdrew from the Confeder-
acy; and in the very act of withdrawing, she
makes practical war upon the Government, and
becomes its enemy. The Star of the West, on
the 7th of January, laden simply with provisions
to supply those starving men in Fort Sumter,
attempted to enter the harbor, and was fired upon,
and had to tack about, and leave the men in the
forts to perish or do the best they could. We
also find, that on the 11th of April General Beau-
regard had an interview with Major Anderson,
and made a proposition to him to surrender.
Major Anderson stated, in substance, that he
could do no such tiling; that he could not stiikc
the colors of his country, and refused to surren-
der; but he said, at the same time, that by the
15th of the month his provisions would give out,
and if not reinforced and supplied, starvation
must take place. It seems that at this time, Mr.
Pryor, from Virginia, was in Charleston. The
convention of Virginia was sitting, and it was
important that the cannon's* roar should be heard
in the land. Virginia was to be taken out of the
Union,although a majority of the delegates in the
convention weie elected against secession,and in
favor of the Union. We find that after being in
possession of the fact that by the 15th of the
month, the garrison would be starved out and
compelled to surrender, on the morning of the
12th they commenced the bombardment, fired
Upon your fort and upon your men. They knew
that in three days they would be compelled to
surrender; but they wanted war. It was indis-
pensable to produce an excitement in order to
Jiurry Viigima out of the Union, and they com-
menced the war. The firing was kept up until
such time as the fort was involved in «moke and
flames, and Major Anderson and his men were
compelled to lie on the floor with their wet hand-
kerchiefs to their faces to save them from suffo-
cation and death. Even in the midst of all (his,
they refused to cease their firing, but kept it up
until he was compelled to surrender.
Who then commenced the war? Who struck
the first blow? Who violated the Constitution
in the first place: Who trampled the law under
foot, and violated the law morally and legally?
Was it not South Carolina, in seceding? And yet
you talk about the President having brought on
the war by his own motion, when those facts are
incontrovertible. No one dare attempt to assail
them. But after Fort Sumter was attacked and
surrendered, what do we find stated in Montgom-
ery when the news reached there ? Here is the
telegraphic announcement of the reception of the
news there:
"Montgomery, Friday, Jlpril 12, 1?61.
"An immense ciowd serenaded Prevalent T);ivr> and
Secretary Walker, at the Exchange Ilotei to-night."
Mr. Davis refused to address the audience, but
his Secretary of War did. The Secretary of
War, Mr. Walker, said:
" No man could tell where the war thN day commenced
would cud, but lie would piophea-y that the dag wiupii now
Haunt*5 the breeze here would float over the dome of the
old Capitol, at Washington, before the 1st of Mav. Let
them uy southern chivalry and test the extent of soutin-m
re^onice*, and it might float eventually over Faneuil Hall
itself."
What is the announcement? We have attacked
Fort Sumter, and it has surrendered, and no one
can tell where this war will end. By the 1st of
May our flag will waive in triumph from the dome
of the old Capitol at Washington, and ere long
perhaps from Fanueil Hall in Boston. Then, was
this war commenced by the President on his own
motion? You say the President of the United
States did wrong in ordering out seventy-five
thousand men, and in increasing the Army and
Navy under the exigency. Do we not know, in
connection with these facts, that so soon as Fort
Sumter surrendered they took up the line of
march for Washington ? Do not some of us that
were here know that we did not even go to bed
very confidently and securely, for fear the city
would be taken before the rising sun ? Has it not
been published in the southern newspapers that
Ben McCulloch was in readiness, with five thou-
sand picked men, in the State of Virginia, to make
a descent and attack the city, and take it?
What furtheimorc do we find? We find that
the congress of this same pseudo-republic, this
same southern confederacy that has sprung up in
the South, as early as the Gth of March passed a
law preparing for this invasion—preparing for
this war which they commenced. Here it is:
" That in order to provide speedily forces to repel inva-
sion, maintain the li^htlul possession of the confederate
States of America in every portion of teriitoiy belonging
to each State, and to secure the public tianquillity and in-
dependence against threatened a^ault, the President be,
and he is heieby, authorized to employ the raihtia, mil-
itary, and naval foicc* of the confederate States of America,
and ask for and aeecpt the services of any number of voi-
unteeis, not exceeding one bundled thousand."
Senators talk about the enormous call of the
President of the United States for seventy-five
thousand men,'when your forts were surrendered,
and when the President of the so-called southern
confodeiacy was authorized to call out the entire
militia, naval, and military force, and then to re-
ceive in the set vice of the confederate States one
hundred thousand men; and yet there is alarm
here at the President calling out seventy-five thou-
sand men to defend the capital and the public
property. Are we for the Government, or are we
against it? That is the question. Taking all the
facts into consideration, do we not see that an
invasion was intended ? It was even announced
by Mr. lverson upon thisiloorthatere long their
Congress would be sitting here and this Govern-
ment would be overthrown. When the facts are
all put together we see the scheme, and it is noth-
ing moie nor less than executing a programme
deliberately made out; and yet Senatois hesitate,
falter, and complain, and say the President lists
suspended the writ of habeas corpus, increased the
Army and Navy, and they ask, where was the
necessity for all this? With your'forts taken,
your men fired upon, your ships attacked at sea,
and one hundred thousand men called into the
field by this so-called southern confederacy, and
with the additional authority toeall out the entile
nnlifaryand luual force of those States, Senators
talk about seventy-five thousand men being called
out by the President of the United States', and the
increase he has made of the Army and Navy.
iVIr. President, it all goes to show, in my opin-
ion , that our sympathies are with the one govern-
mentand against the other. Admitting that there
was a little stretch of power; admitting that the
margin was pretty wide when the power was ex-
ercised, the que'ry now comes, when you have got
the power, when you are sitting here in a legis-
lative attitude, are you willing to sustain the Gov-
ernment and give it the means to sustain itself ?
J t is not worth while to talk about what lias been
done before. The question on any measure should
be, is it necessary now? If it is, it should not be
withheld from the Government.
Senators talk about violating the Constitution
and the laws. A great deal has been said about
searches and seizures, and the right of protection
of persons, and of papers. I reckon it is equally
as important to pro teat a Government from seizure
as it is an individual. I reckon the moial and
the law of the ease would be just as strong in
seizing upon that which belonged to the Federal
Government as it would upon that belonging to
an nuiividu.il. What belongs to us in the aggre-
gate is protected and maintained by the same law
and moral and legal, as that that belongs to an in-
dividual. These rebellious States, after commenc-
ing this war, after violating the Constitution,
seized our forts, our arsenals, our dock-yards,
our custom-houses, our public buildings, our
ships, and last, though not least, plundered the in-
dependent treasury at New Orleans of $1,000,000.
And yet Senators talk about violations' of the law
and the Constitution. They say the Constitu-
tion is disregarded, and the Government is about
to be overthrown. Does not this talk about vio-
lations of the Constitution and law come with a
beautiful grace from that side of the House? I
repeat again, sir, is there not to be more tolera-
tion to violations of the Constitution for its pro-
tection and vindication than there is to violations
of it, in order to overthrow and destroy the Gov-
ernment? We have seen instances, and other
instances might occur, where it might be mdis-
pensibly necessary for theGovernmentto exercise
apower,and to assume a position that was not
clearly legal and constitutional, in order to resist
the entire overthrow and upturning of the Gov-
ernment and all our institutions.
But the President issued his proclamation.
When did ho issue it, and for what? He issued
his proclamation calling out seventy-five thou-
sand men after the congress of the so-called south-
ern confederacy had passed a law to call out the
entire militia, and to receive into their service one
hundred thousand men. The President issued
his proclamation after they had taken Fort Moul-
trie and Castle Pinckney; after they had fired upon
and reduced Fort Sumter. Fort Sumter was
taken on the 12th, and on the 15th he issued his
proclamation. Taking all these circumstances
together, it showed that they intended to advance,
and that their object was to extend their power,
tosubjugatc theotherStates, and to overthrow the
Constitution agd the laws and the Government.
Senators talk about violations of the Constitu-
tion. Have you heard any intimation of com-
plaint from those Senators about this southern
confederacy—this baud of traitois to their coun-
try and their country's institutions? I repeat,
substantially, the language of the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Browning:] "Have you heard any
complaint or alarm about violations of constitu-
tional law on that side? Oh, no! But we must
stand still; the Government must not move while
they are moving with a hundred thousand men;
while they have the power to call forth the entire
militia and the army and the navy. While they
are reducing our forts, and robbing us of ourprop-
erty, we must stand still; the Constitution and the
laws must not be violated; and an arraignment is
made to weaken and paralyze the Government in
Us greatest peril and trial."
On the 15th of April, the proclamation was
issued calling out seventy-five thousand men, after
the confederate States had authorized one hundred
thousand men to be received by their president—.
this man Davis, who stood up here and made a
retiring speech—a man educated and nurtured by
the Government; who sucked its' pap; who re-
ceived all his military instruction at the hdnds of
this Government; a man who got all his distinc-
tion, civil and military, in the service of tins gov-
ernment, beneath the stars and stripes, and then,
without cause—without being deprived of a single
right or privilege—the sword he unsheathed in
vindication of that flag in a foreign land, given to
him by the hand of his cherishing mother, he
stands this day prepared to plunge into her bosom!
Such men as these have their apologists here in
Congress to excuse and extenuate their nets,
either directly or indirectly. You never hear from
them of law or Constitution being violated down
there. Oh, no; that is not mentioned.
On the loth the President issued his proclama-
tion calling seventy-five thousand men into the
service of the United States, and on the 17th this
same Jefferson Davis,beingPresidentof thesouth-
ern confederacy, issued a proclamation proposing
or opening the door to the issuance of letters of
marque and reprisal, and that, too, in violation
of the pseudo-hermaphrodite government that
has been gotten up down there. In retalhation
for the pioclamation issued by the President of
the United States, ho, in violation of the consti-
tution of this pseudo-confederacy, issued his proc-
lamation proposing to issue letters of marque and
reprisal. In other words, he proposed to do what?
To open an office and say, we will give out licences
to rob the citizens of the United States of all their
property wherever it can be picked up upon the
high fceas. This he proposed to do not only in
