296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
1 will read from the Senator's address on the re-
moval of the Senate from the old to the new
Chamber. I would to God he was as good a
Union man to-day as I think he was them
"Hucli is our country; ay, and more—far more than
my mind coald conceive or my tongue could utter. Ts
there an American wlio regrets the pa-it? Is there one who
will deride his country's laws, pervert her Constitution, or
alienate her people? If there be such a man, let his mem-
ory descend to posterity laden with the execrations of all
mankind." * * * * '• Let u> devoutly trust
that another Senate, m another a<*e, shall bear to a new
- and larger Chambei this Constitution vigorous and invio-
late, and that the last generation of posteuty --hall witness
llie deliberations of the Representatives of American States
still united, prosperous, and free."
Now this was the text—an cxtract from a
speech of the Senator, after the nomination was
made:
"When that convention selected me as one of its candi-
dates, looking af my humble antecedents and the place of
my habitation, it gave to the country, so far as I was con-
cerned, a peisonal and geographical guarantee that its in-
terest was in the Union."
In addition to that, iu Tennessee wo headed our
electoral tickctas if to give unmistakable evidence
of our devotion to the Union, and the reason why
we sustained him, "National Democratic, ticket.
4 Instead of dissolving the Union, we intend to
lengthen it and to strengthen it.'—Breckinridge "
Where are his eloquent tones now? They are
heard arraigning the Administration for what he
conceives to be premature action in advance of
the law, or a slight departure from the Constitu-
tion. Which is the most tolerable, premature
action, action in advance of law, a slight depart-
ure from the Constitution, (putting it on his own
ground,) or an entire overthrow of the Govern-
ment? Are there no advances, are there no in-
roads, being made to-day upon the Constitution
and the existence of the Government itself? Let
us look at the question plainly and faiily. Here
is an invading army almost within cannon shot
of the capital, headed by Jo IT. Davis and fteame-
gnrd. Suppose they advance on the city to-night;
subjugate it; depose the existing authoiities; ex-
pel the presentGovernment: what kind of govern-
ment have you then? Is there any Constitution
in it? Is there any law in i( ? He can stand here
almost in sight of the enemy, see the citadel of
freedom, the Constitution, trampled upon, and
there is no apprehension; but he can look with an
eagle eye, and, with an analytic process almost un-
surpassed, discriminate against and attack those
who arc tiying to manage your Government for
its safety and preservation. lie has no word of
condemnation for tin; invading army that thieat-
ens to overthrow the capital, that threatens to
trample the Constitution and the law under foot.
I repeat, suppose Davis, at the head of his ad-
vancing columns, should depose your Govern-
ment and expel your authority: what kind of gov-
ernment will you have got? Will there beany
Constitution left? Mow eloquent my I'nend was
upon constitutions. He told us the Constitution
was the measure of power, and thai we should
understand and feel constitutional lestiaints; and
yet when your Government is pet haps within a
few hours of being ovei thrown, and the law and
Constitution trampled under foot, (hero are no
apprehensions on his pait; no words of rebuke
for those who are endeavoring to accomplish such
results.
The Old Dominion has got the brunt of the war
upon her hands. I sympathize with her most
deeply, and especially with the loyal portion of
herciuzens, who have been biow-beaten and dom-
ineered over. Now the war is transferred to Vir-
ginia, and her plains are made to mn with blood;
and when this is seeured, what do we hear in the
far South? Howell Cobb, another of these dis-
interested patriots, said not long since, in aspecch
in Georgia:
"The people of the gulf States need have no apprehen-
sions; they niightgo on will) Mien pianuier and then oiliei
busmtvsas umm! ; the w.u would not come to then .seetum ,
Jts theater would be aion^ the bonleis of the Ohio uvor ;md
in Virginia."
_ She oughttocongratulate herselfupon that posi-
tion, for she has got the war. Now they want
to advance. Their plans and designs are to get
across into Maryland, and carry on a war of sub-
jugation. There is wonderful alarm anion ; certain
gentlemen here at the term " subjugaio.They
are alarmed at the idea of making citizens who j
have violated the law simpiy conform to it by
enforcing their obedience. If a majority of the |
citizens in a State have violated the Constitution,
have trampled it under foot, and violated the law,
is it subjugation to assert the supremacy of the
Constitution and the law? Is it any more than a
simple enforcement of the law ? It would be one of
the best subjugations that could take place if some
of them were subjugated, and brought back to their
constitutional position that they occupied before.
1 would to God that Tennessee stood to-day where
she did three months ago.
Mr. President, it is provided in the Constitution
of the United States that " no State shall, without
the consent of Congress, lay any duty of tonnage,
keep troops or ships of war in time of peace, enter
into any agrecmentorcompactwith another State,
or with a foreign Power, or engage in war unless
actually invaded, or in such imminent danger as
will not admit of delay." The State authorities
of Tennessee, before her people had even voted
upon an ordinance to separate her from the Union,
formed a league by which they transferred fifty-
five thousand men, the whole army, over to the
confederate States for the purpose of prosecuting
their war. Is it not strange that such a palpable
violation of the Constitution should not be leferred
to and condemned by any one ? Here is a mem-
ber of the Union, without even having the vote
taken upon an ordinance of separation or seces-
sion, forming a league, by its commissioneis or
ministers, and handing over fifty-five thousand
men to make war upon the Government of the
United States, though they were themselves then
within the Union. No one seems to find fault
with that. The fact is, that, in the whole progress
of secession, the Constitution and the law have
been violated at every step from its incipicncy to
the present point. How have the people of my
State been treated? 1 know that this may not
interest the Senate to any very gieat extent; but
I must briefly refer to it. The people of a portion
of that State, having devotion and attachment to
the Constitution and the Government as framed
by the sires of the Revolution, still adhenngto it,
gave a majority of more than twenty thousand
votes in favor of the Union at the election. After
that, this portion of the State, East Tennessee,
called a convention, and the convention published
an address, in which they sum up some of the
grievances which we have been bearing in that
portion of the country. They say:
'•The Memphis Appeal, a prominent disunion paper,
published a fnNe account of oui proceedings, undei the
head i the traitor.-, m council,'and -t\led us, who tcpic-
sented every coinitv but two in East Tcnnewe, Hit? little
bat eh of dwillo< t<-d trait* u-. ulio ho\ cr aiounrt the domous
atmospaeic of Amjui'W Johnson's home.' 0m meeting
was te!o i.iphed to tin- New Oilcan-* Delta, and it was
falsely said that we had pa^ed absolution ieeommendiii<j[
submission U seventy thousand vole-, woie not ca-t auain.-t
secession. The dispatch added that * the southern nyhN
men ate determined to hold possession ot the State, though
they should bo m a inmouty"
They had fifty-five thousand men and $5,000,000
to sustain them, the State authoiities with them,
and made thededaration that they intended to hold
the State though they should he in a minoiity.
This shows the ad vaneeoftyraunynnd usui pation.
l]y way of showing the Senate some of the wrones
which that people have; borne and submitted to,
who are loyal to the Government—\v ho have been
deprived of the arms furnished by the Govern-
ment for their protection—withheld by this little
man Harris, the Governor of the State—I will
read a-few paragiaphs from the address:
u It ha.s passed laws declaim# it treason to-av or do any-
thing in favor ot the Govcrmm nt ol the United Slates. (n
against the conledeiate Males ; and such :i law is now he-
lm e, and we apprehend will soon he passed by the Leiris-
lature of Tennessee.
k'It ha< involved the southern flutes in a w.u who-c
success is hopoh^s, and which must ultimately load to the
j Mini o( the peopK
" Its bigoted, ovoibeaun#, and intolerant - pint, has al-
ready subjected the people 6 fKast Tennessee to munvpettv
jrucvanees ; our people have been incited ; our fiairs have
been liied upon and torn d.nvn; our hoit-es have been
i udeiv enteiod ;om families Mibjeeted torn -u!f; om pear <•-
able meefnes intenupted; our women and ehtldien shot
at bj a meteile>ssoldleiy : oui to\vn> pillaged ; our eiti/ens
jobbed, and some ot Uiem atsd^i.«.nated and mtndeied,
\To etioit b.;s hern sjuied to detei The Union men o!'
!'U*t Teiiiie-s,-.' noin the e.\pie->ion ot thei. n< e thoughts.
Th" venaltie^of trea-on have been tlnea-ened a^aiiibt 'hem.
and mutdet and n„-i-a-i-unation have b.-en openlv eueiau -
aired by ieadinir scees-jjon mu'ijais. As seee-sion" [ias
tints oveibeaiinir and intoieiant winie m the minority in
Ij f-t 'JViiiif'N'c. n.iihiJ!" b(,tlei cm ho e\pee?0([ oi the pre-
tended i'ia|ui it\ dun wild, in.' on-t'tntioml, and oppi e,.-ive
leiris-iatioii; an uifci contempt and di>ro<raid of law; a d"-
temiination to loicc eveiv 1 nion man sn th'1 folate to swear
to the s-uppoitoi'a constitution he abhoi.s ; to vield his N
money and- pioperty to aid a cause he detests; and to be-
come the object of scorn and deusion, as well as the vic-
tim of intolerable and telcntless oppression."
These are some of the wrongs that we are en-
during in that section of Tennessee; not near all
of them, but a few which I have presented that
the country may know what we are submitting
to. Since I left my home, having only one way
to leave the State through two or three passes
comingout through Cumberland Gap, ! have been
advised that they had even sent their armies to
blockade these passes-in the mountains, as they
say, to prevent JoHNsoNfrom returning with arms
and munitions to place in the hands of the people
to vindicate their rights, repel invasion, and put
down domestic insurrection and rebellion. Yes,
sir, there they stand in arms environing a popu-
lation of three hundred and twenty-five thousand
loyal, brave, patriotic, and unsubdued people; but
yet powerless, and not in a condition to vindicate
their rights. Hence I come to the Government,
and I do not ask it as a suppliant, but I demand
it as a constitutional right, that you give us pro-
tection, give us arms and munitions; and if they
cannot be got there m any other way, to take
them there with an invading army, and deliver
the people from the oppression to which they are
now subjected. We claim to be the State. The
other divisions may have seceded and gone off;
and if this Government will stand by and permit
those portions of the State to go off, and not en-
force the laws and protect the loyal citizens there,
we cannot help it; but we still claim to be the
State, and if two thirds have fallen off, or have
been sunk by an earthquake, it does not change
our relation to this Government. If the Govern-
ment will let them go, and not give us protection
the fault is not ours; but if you will give us pro-
tection we intend to stand as a State, as a part of
this Confederacy, holding to the flag that was
borne by Washington through a seven years'
struggle for independence and separation from the
mother country. We demand it according to law;
we demand it upon the guarantees of the Consti-
tution. You are bound to guaranty to us a re-
publican forip of Government, and we ask it as a
constitutional right. We do not ask you to in-
terfere as a party, as your feelings or prejudices
may be one way or another in reference to the
parties of the country; but we ask you to interfile
as a Government according to the Constitution.
Of course we want your sympathy, and your re-
gard, and your respect; but we ask your inter-
ference on constitutional grounds.
The amendments to the Constitution, which
constitute the bill of rights, declare that " a well
regulated militia being necessary to the security
of a free State, the right ol the people to keep and
bear arms siiall not be infringed." Our people
aie denied this right seemed to them in then own
constitution and the Constitution of the United
Slates; yet we hear no complaints here of viola-
tions of the Constitution in this icspect. We ask
the Government to interpose to secure us this con-
stitutional right. We want the passes in our
mountains opened, we want deliverance and pro-
tection for a downtrodden and oppressed people
who arc struggling for their independence with-
out arms. If we had had ten thousand stand of
arms and ammunition when the contest com-
menced, we should have asked no further assist-
ance. We have not got them. We are a rural
people; we have villagesand small towns—no huge
cities. Oui population is homogenous, industri-
ous, frugal, brave, independent; but hai mless and
poweiless, and lode over by usurpeis. You may
be too late in coming to our relief; or you may not
come at all, though I do not doubt that you will
come; they may tiample us under foot; they may
e onvei t ou r plainsin to graveyards, and the caves of
our mountain sin to scpulch^rs; but they will never
take us out of this Union, or make us a land of
slaves—no, never. We intend to stand as fn rn as
adamant, and as unyielding as oui own majestic
mountains that surround us. Yes, "we will profit by
their example, resting immovably upon their basis.
We will stand as long as we can; and if we are
ovei powered,and libeity shall Jpeduven from the
Ia: d, we intend before she departs, to take the
flag of our country, with a stalwart arm, and a
patriotic hej-rt, and an honest tread, and place it
upon the summit of the loftiest and most majestic
mountain. We intend to plant if thcie, and leave
it, to indicate to the inqiurei who may come in
