298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
atives of the 22d instant, requesting a copy of the cone-
spondence between this Government and foreign Poweis
with reference to maritime rights, 1 transmit a lepon lroro
the Secretary of State.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, July 25,1881.
jBhSl'ARfMKNT OF STATE, WASHINGTON,
July 25, 3861.
The Secretary of State, to whom has .been'referred the
resolution of the House of Representatives of the 22d m-
* stant, requesting the President, if compatible with the public
interest, to communicate to that House " all, or such paits
as he may deem advisable, of tlie correspondence on iiie m
the Derailment of State between this Government and all
foreign Powers, from 1853 to the present tuny, with refer-
ence to maritime rights," has the honor to report that it is
believed the communication ot the coiref-pondence called
for would not, at this tune, comport with the public, interest.
Respectlully submitted* WILLIAM H. SEWAllD.
To the President.
On motion, the communications were laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
FOREIGN POWERS ON THE INSURRECTION.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
following communications:
To Ike House of Representatives:
In answer to the resolution of the IIou«e of Representa-
tives, of the 15th instant, requesting a copy of the coiro-
spondenee between this Government and foreign Poweis on
the subject of the exiting insurrection in the United .States,
I uansmit a report from the Secietary of State.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, July 25,1801.
Department of State, Washington,
July 25, 1861.
The Secretory of State, to whom was referred *hc reso-
lution of the House ot Repiescntatives, of the J5tinn«tant,
requesting the Piesident, if not, in lus opinion, incompati-
ble with the public inteiests, to submit to that House
<' the correspondence between thisGoveinmentnnd loieign
Powers on the subject of the existing in^uucetion in the
United States," has the honor io icpoit that at ptescnt it is
not deemed expedient to communicate the correspondence
called loi.
Respectfully submitted. WILLIAM II. SEWARD.
To the Prcsiupnt.
On motion, the communications were laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
INDIANS AND NEGROES IN SERVICE OF REBELS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting, in compliance with a ie;solution of the
House of the ^*2d instant, requesting to be in-
formed " whether the southern confedvracy, so
called, or any State thereof, has in its military
service any Indians, find if so, in what number
and of what tribes; and also whether it lias in its
service any negroes," the statement that the War
Department lmd no information on the subject;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
- STEAMER CATILINE.
  The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War, in
compliance with a resolution of the \ fovsc stating
that tlie necessary orders had been issued to with-
hold the payment of any and all claims of any
pet.son or peisons on account of the loss of the
steamer Catiline until the committee of in veMRa-
tion shall report thereon; which, on motion of Mr.
Dawes, was referred to the special committee on
contracts for Government supplies, and oidered
to be printed.
ARMS FOR THE LOYAL CITIZENS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, fiom the Committer
on Military Allan's, reported back Senate bill
No 3d, making an appropriation to pay the ex-
penses ol transporting and delivering- arms and
munitions of war to the loyal citizens of the States
of winch the inhabitants now are, or hereafter
may be, in rebellion against the Government of
the United States, and to provide for the expense
of organizing them into companies, battalions,
regiments, or otherwise, for their own protection
against domestic violence, insurrection, invasion,
or tebellion, with the recommendation that it do
pass.
The bill was read. It appropriates $2,000,000,
out of any money m tlie Tieasmy not otherwise
appropriated, to be expended, under the direction
of the President of the United States, in supplying
and defraying the expenses of transposing and
delivering such arms and munitions of war as in
his judgment may be expedient and proper to
place in the hands of any of the loyal citizens re-
siding in any of the States of which the inhabit-
ants arc in rebellion against the Government of the
United States, or in which rebellion is or may be
threatened, and likewise for defraying such ex-
penses-as may be properly incurred in organizing,
and sustaining while so organized, any of said
citizens into companies, battalions, regiments, or
otherwise, for their own protection against do-
mestic violence, insurrection, invasion, or rebel-
lion*
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, demanded the pre-
vious question on the passage of the biJl.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REGIMENTAL BANDS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, also reported back Senate
bill No. 24, authorizing the .Secretary of War to
reimburse volunteers for expenses incurred in
employing regimental and other bands, with an
amendment. *
The amendment was read, as follows:.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the President, in
•accepting and oigamzing volunteers under an act entitled
"An act authorizing tlie employment of volunteers to aid
in enforcing the laws and piotecting public property,35 ap-
proved July 2J, 18G1, may accept the seivice of such vol-
unteers without previous proclamation, and in such num-
ber, from any State or Status as, ia las discretion, the
public sovice may lequire.'5
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, demanded the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be read a
third time; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BLA.1R, of Missouri,moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I move to amend
the title of the bill by adding,il and for other pur-
poses."
The amendment was agreed to.
ASSEMBLING OP TROOPS AT THE CAPITAL.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported the following reso-
lution:
Resolved. That the Secretary ofWai be requested to com-
municate to tins House a copy of the letter and report ot
lion. Joseph Holt, to the PieMdent of the United States,
dated 18th Eebiuaiy, 18G1. in le.^ponse to a i evolution of the
Hoihc of Repifsentatives, of the lit!) of ^ud month, ro-
f|nesting the icanons foi n^emblingtho United States tloops
ot the >-eat of Government of the United Stalest.
The resolution was* adopted.
.TOUN C. M'CONNELL.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee of the Whole
House be discharged from the further considera-
tion of House bill INro. 59, for the relief of John
C. McConnell, and that it be put upon is passage.
The bill, which was read,directs the Secretary
of war to adjust the accounts of .lohn C. McCon-
nell for commissary supplies and medicines fur-
nished by him to the United States volunteers of
the State of Maryland now in service, on the prin-
ciples of equity and justice, provided that the
same shall not exceed the sum of $8,500; to be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. That bill was re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs;
and I think it ought to be passed.
There was no objection; and the Committee of
"Whole House was discharged from the further
consideiation of the bill.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a thud time; and be;ng engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WRIGHT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr.pattonr,oneofits clerks, notifyingtheHouse
thatthatbody had agreed to the reportof the com-
mittee of conference upon the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on Senate bill No. 2, to increase
the present military establishment of the United
States; that it had insisted upon its disagreement
to the amendments of the House to Senate bill
No. 3, providing for the better organization of the
military establishment, and hadagrced to the com-
mittee of conference asked for, and had appointed
Messrs. Wilson-, Grimes, and Rice, managers
of said conference on its part; and also that it had
passed Senate bill No. 43, to prevent and punish
fraud on the part of the officers intrusted with the
makingof contracts for the Government, in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
POST OFFICE AT KEY "WEST, FLORIDA.
Mr. BLAKE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill paying a salary to the postmaster at
Key West, Florida; which was read a'first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
BOUNTY LAND.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to introduce a bill
granting bounty land to certain officers and sol-
diers who have been or who may be engaged in
the military service of the United States, and to
have it referred to a special committee of nine.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Why not refer it to one
of the standing committees?
Mr. HOLMAN. They have now as much as
they can attend to.
Mr. WASHBURNE objected.
PREVENTION OF FRAUDS.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House take
from the Speaker's table Senate bill No. 43, to
prevent and punish fraud on the part of officers
intrusted with the making of contracts for the
Government, in order that if may be put on its
passage.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I think that it had better
go to a committee first.
Mr. DAWES. If the House will examine the
bill, they will see that its provisions are such that
it ought to become a law. It reduces every con-
tract to writing m the first instance, to be signed
by the contracting parties. It brings all the pro-
posals for a contract, and all the transactions in
relation to it, into one file. It then causes a book
to be kept, in which shall be registered, with a
proper index, every contract made by the War
and Navy Departments. It imposes a penalty
upon every party making a contract who fads to
return the papers according to the provisions of
the law. It further provides for a clerk for copy-
ing, filing, preserving, and furnishing copies of
the contracts to anybody who asks for them.
This throws the whole subject open to observa-
tion. It does not go further. It does not seek to
punish frauds in the making of contracts. If there
were time, we ought to provide here, or in an in-
dependent law, for the punishment of frauds.
That matter is already before a committee of this
House, which is instructed to investigate it. I
think this bill ought to be put on its passage. I
think no pne can object to it, as far as it goes.
Those who desiie further legislation will not be
precluded. They will have a better considered
measure broughtfrom a committee of this House
at a future day. I call for the previous question.
Mr. VALLANDIGITAM. I would suggest
to the gentleman from Massachusetts that, from
the very character of the measure, it is one that
ought to be considered by a committee, before ac-
tion by the House. Respect due to ourselves
would require that that course should be pursued.
Mr. DAWES. Of course I have no objection
to the reference of this bill if any geptleman de-
sires. I have no wish to pi ess the bill on the
House at this time, if objection be made. I thought,
as the bill was before the House, and as it was
one which would commend itself to everybody,
we might as well put it on its passage. If, how-
ever, the House desire that it shall be referred, I
will withdraw the demand for the previous ques-
tion, and move to refer the bill to the select com-
mittee on contracts.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. I have no objec-
