1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
tion to that. I think we should adhere to ourold
usage as far as possible.
The bill was accordingly referred.
PUNISHMENT OS? CONSPIRACIES.
Mr. BINGrHAM. I ask the conseut of the
House to take up the bill of the House to define
and punish eoitain conspiracies. The bill passed
the House, and has come to us with a merely
verbal amendment, which I ask the House to con-
cur in.
Mr. VALLA.ND1GHAM. • I must object to
that.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman will hear
tne for a moment, [ wish to say that this bill
passed tins House before without division, and
that the amendment simply strikes out the words
" social or solitary."
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I must correct the
gentleman in that statement. The bill did not
pass the House without opposition ;*and I desire
it now to go on record that I object to it.
Mr. BINGrHAM. I ask, then, that the bill be
taken up and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
There being no objection, the bill was taken up
and referred.
ADDITIONAL REVENUE HILL.
Mr. STEVENS. X move that the rulesfbj
suspended, and that the House resolve itself imei
the Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Colfax
in the chair,) and proceeded to the eon&ideiiition,
as a special order, of House bill No. 71, to provide
additional revenues for defraying the expenses of
theGovemmentand maintaining the public credit,
by the assessment and collection of a direct tax
and internal duties.
The Clerk .proceeded to read the bill by sections
for amendment, commencing at the thirty-ninth
section, where the readme; was left oif yesterday.
Mr. SHELLABARGEll. 1 move to amend
the thirty-ninth section by inserting, after the
word " quota," in the second line, the woids " or
any part thereof;" so that it shall read:
That each State may pay mm the Ti prism > of the Uni-
ted States u< quota, or any jmt theieof, of the direct tax-
laid hy this act, &c.
The effect of the amendment will lie, as will
be perceived, to allow every State to pay into the
United States Treasury its 'full quota, or any part
thereof. The object of the amendment, of course,
will be to enable a State, if it should not be able
to pay its full quota of direct taxes, to pay such
a .part of it. as it may be able and willing to pay
at the time, ami thus save the fifteen or other per
centum named in the bill as an induo.ement for
payment, and also the expense of collection on
whatever part it may pay into the Treasury. I
suppose there can be no objection to that.
Air. STEVENS. I wish to say to the gentle-
man, that this amendment will involve the neces-
sity of amending other parts of the bill. Though
his amendment is adopted, yet the whole machine-
ry provided for by this bill must go on.
Mr. SIIELLAlJARGEIt. I was about to re-
made that the adoptiun of my amendment will
require the insertion of some similar words in
other pin ts of the section; for example, ill the
sixth line, after the woul "quota," should be
inserted the woids, "or such part as shall be
paid;" and, in the fourteenth line, it will be ne-
cessary to modify the, language, so that it will
read, " whenever notice of the intention to make
such payment of its full quota," &c. Although
the payment of a part of the quota that may he
assigned to a State may not suspend the opera-
tion of this expensive machinery, it will save the
percentage on whatever part shall be paid, to the
extent of fifteen per cent. I hope that theremay
be devised some mode to save all the expense of
tins machinery for collectin"-.
While I am up, I may be penniHed to say, in
the hearing of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, that although f think there
are difficulties 111 the matter growing out of the
necessity of the Government resorting to its own
instiumeniaiity for the enforcement of its own
laws, yet there is no objection to providing in this
■bill that the Legislature may provide by legisla-
tion for the collection of their quota in their own
wa_y;and if such instrumentality shall be effectual
before a given time, then this governmental in-
strument will not be called into requisition. So
there will lie baclc of any provision that the
States may make, the governmental provision,
to be resorted to only in case the States do not
accept the offer of the Government. We give
the States the opportunity of saving entirely the
expenses of this Federal machinery.
Mr. STEVENS. The only good to be ac-
complished by this amendment will be the saving
of a portion of the percentage, but it would no\
save any portion of the expenses arising from
these assessors and assistant assessors. And if
a State pay a portion of its quota, who is to
make a new apportionment? Will it be done by
the Legislature of the State, or will they have to
wait until Congress meets? This seems to be an
insuperable difficulty to the whole jiroposition.
And again, any State that will assume a part,
wotfld be most likely to assume the whole.
I'll reference to what the gentleman says about
devising some scheme by which the whole of this
/bxpense may be saved, i will say to him that I
' do not see how tt can be done. 1 am inclined to
think that the proposition contained in this bill
is the best.
The amendment was not agreed to. '
Mr. D1VEN. I move to amend the thirty-
ninth section by striking out of line thiiteen the
word " first," and insert in lieu thereof the word
" fifteen," and by striking out "April," and in-
serting " January," so that it will read:
That notice of the intention to make such payment by
the State be given to the Socretaty of the Ticasuiy on oi
betoio tiie lath day ot Januaty in each yeat.
Then I propose, in connection with these amend-
ments, if they .shall be adopted, at the proper time
to propose that the time for the appointment of
assessors by the General Government shall be
postponed until after the 15th of January, so that
no expenses shall be 1 ncurred until after the States,
through their Legislatures, shall have had time
to make their election, and give notice of the same
to the Government. That will save the whole
expense aiisin<* from the appointment of these
assessors, by postponing the time of their appoint-
ment from December to the 15th day of January.
1 think that will create no embarrassment. It
seems to me that these amendments ought to make
the bill acceptable to every State of the Union,
and to every Representative of every State of the
Union.
While up, I wish to answer what two of my
colleagues pleased to denominate a lejjal objection
to this provision. j]ut the only answer I shall make
to that legal argument, will be simply to statethc
question as it is. Their legal proposition is sim-
ply this: that by this bill the Government has
provided that they will collect the quota of taxes
of each Slate after a given day, and in a particu-
lar way; provided that before that day the States
among which the tax is distributed do not pay it
in another way; and bccause the Government lias
said that it will collect it 111 a particular way, if
the States do not collect it another way, therefore ;
the States cannot collect it in another way. That '
is the whole argument. One of my colleagues is
entirely satisfied that it cannot be done; while
another colleague thinks it is an exceedingly close
question. To my mind, there is simply no ques-
tion at all; and with this simple statement of the
proposition, \ am willing to leave it.
Mr. STEVEN'S, i should have no objection
to any modification that will satisfy trie States;
but the member from New Yoik should remem-
ber that many of the State Legislatures do not
meet until the 15th of January; as, for instance,
the Pennsylvania, and Ilhode Island and New Jer-
sey Legislatures do not meet until the middle of
January. I am willing to adopt a provision that
no action shall be taken by the orders appointed;
so as not to ineur any expense until after January.
Mi. DIVEN, by unanimous consent, wi tlidr ew
his amendment.
Mr. UPTON. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the section: I
Jin A prvtidul /aithci, That whcie any loyal citizen or !
psopojt) holder lias cutlcicd w.'Me and damage by the ex- j
lsting wai.be oi ,-he may file, a claim tor sin h damage with
the ctssc?.ooi or a--istant assessor hwreinbetore lefeued to, !
wno, upo.i leview, idiall allow the same, if it bo just, ns an !
offset, in whcie or in part, for the tax levied upon such cit-
izen or property holder.
_ I had not intended to make a speech upon this
bill, though I will now say a few words. I be-
lieve that the Committee of Ways and Means
will agree to and consent to sylopt this amend-
ment. I wish to say that this bill, which 1 shall
votefor whether my amendment is adopted or
not, will bear with peculiar severity upon a por-#
tion of my constituents, upon whom this tax will
be levied before they can get indemnity for what
they have suffered by a waste of their property.
Mr. STEVENS. Do 1 understand the gentle-
man from Virginia to offer his provision as an
amendment to this thirty-ninth scction?
Mr. UPTON. 1 move it as a proviso, to come
in at the end of the section.
Mr. STEVENS. If I understand it, it pro-
poses to provide an indemnity for damages sus-
tained during the war.
Mr. UPTON. It provides for a remission of
the tax in whole or in part, as an offset.
Mr. STEVENS. I do lio^see how that ques-
tion can be considered as germane to this bill,
though I do not like to raise a question of order
upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
the amendment can only bo received by unani-
mous consent. It is in the nature of a private
claim, and cannot be in order here, in the opinion
of the Chair.
Mr. BURNETT. Does that refer to the faith-
ful citizens in Fairfax ?
Mr. UPTON. It is not limited to Fairfax. It
applies to the loyal citizens of your Slate as well.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not think that belongs
to this bill. We want a clean bill for that pur-
pose. I object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to amend
by striking out "May," in line seven, and in-
serting " Junt*;" by striking out "September,"
in line eight, and inserting " October;" and, in
line ten, by striking out " January," and insert-
ing "April."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 move also to
amend by striking out of line thirteen " 1st day of
April,"and inserting" 2d day of February."
The amendmeiit„wds not agreed to.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I offer the following as a
substitute for the thirty-ninth section of the bill:
That ciicli .State may pay into the Treasury of tile United
States its quota of the dircet tax laid by this act for the first
and tor any and eveiy succeeding yeai; and hi consider-
ation of such pa\incut the Statevhall be entitled to a de-
duction of fifteen per centum from the amount of such
quota at, lived bv this net, if paid before the 1st day of June,
and to a deduction of ten pei centum ifpaid before the 1st
day ot Oetobeijin ihe year to which such payment relates,
such year being icgardedas commencing on the 1st day of
Apul • lJroin<le,d,T\m notice of the intention to make such
payment bv the State be given to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, by tlieGovernoi iheieof, on orbe/ore the 1st day of Jan-
uary in each yeai : ProuWcrf/<tr//icr, That whenever notice
oi the intention to make such payment by the .State shall
have been given to the Secretary of the Tieasuiy by the
Govunoi thereof, agieeably to the piovisions of "this act,
all imther acts and proceedings in relation to tiiedirecttax
on the part of the a-=se?>.-ors, assistant assessois, and col-
lecting in any State po giving notice, shall cease, and 110
appointment of officei*? lor suoli State shall be made, and
no pay, per di m or other, for set vices connected with tiie
dneet lax, shall then-alter be paid or allowed: Jlndpro-
fuiiher, That the amount of direct tax appoitioned
to any Stale shall be habit- to be paid arid satisfied, in
whole or in pait, bv the ideate of such Slate, duly exe-
cuted, to the Tinted Slates, of any duly liquidated and
determined chum of such State of equal amount against
the United States: Piovidcd^ That in case of such release,
such State Miall be allowed the .same abatement of the
amouut of such tax a«; would be allowed in cato of pay-
ment of the came in money: Provided further^ That in
ca^e the Legislature of paid'State which, by its Governor,
has given such notice of intention, shall tail or refuse to
make provision lor siu-h payment before tin; 1st day oi*
Apul next, then the Pioident of the United States shall
proceed to district said State and appoint the officers pro-
vided by this ait, and they shall proceed with the asse*«-
ment and collection of the tax imposed by this act, accord-
ing to the tenns theieof.
Mr. Chairman, the object of this substitute is
to authorize the notice required by the original
section to be given by the Governor, instead of
the State Legislature. It seems to have been un-
derstood, in the discussion that has been had on
tills scction, that the notice should be given by
the Legislature, it authorizes the Governor to
pledge the State, so far as the Execulive is con-
cerned, and prevents the appointment of this horde
of officers; but if the Legislature does not sustain
the Governor by making provision for the pay-
