800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27f
ment, then'the section stands as altered, so that
the President will proceed (if the Legislature fails
to make pro Vision) to district the State, and the
officers will-foe appointed on the 1st of April, in-
stead of the time provided by the section. What
I desire is, to save the expense of the appointment
of this multitude tff Federal officers, and the odium
that will surely come upon us, if it is notprcvented,
in those States which are willing to assume and
- pay the tax that is required by this law. What I
desire to accomplish is to delay the appointment-
of these officers until the State Legislatures, fol-
lowing up the notice of the Governor, have hud
an opportunity to make provision for the pay-
ment of the tax.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 desire to inquire whether
this bill does not provide that the internal tax, as
it is called, and the excise tax, as it is called,
shall be collected by these very same appointees
of the Federal Government?
Mr. SEDGWICK. 1 do so understand it.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well^thcn, if that be so,
X submit that the appointment of these Federal
officers cannot be (JVaded nor avoided by adopting
the amendment which the gentleman has sent up.
, Mr. SEDGWICK. It is quite possible that
the House may decide not to collect the cxcise
tax.
Mr. BINGHAM. Oh, certainly.
Mr. SEDGWICK. It is quite possible, I
think; and not only possible, but quite probable.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 take the gentleman's sug-
gestion; and if it is the purpose of the committee
to strike out the excise and internal taxes, and
the House does strike them out, then I am in
favor of the gentleman's amendment.
Mr. SEDGWICK. We have to adopt the
amendment before passing from this section. It
will not do to wait and see what action the House
may take on a subsequent part of the bill, because
if we pass this section now, we cannot amend it
at all.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from New York, that if his expectations
should not be icalized, and the provisions in re-
lation to the excise and internal taxes should not
be stricken out, then, if hisamendmeut be adopted,
there will be no officers left to collect the excise
or the internal tax. 1 suggest, therefore, to the
gentleman that he modify his amendment, by
.striking out the words " this act," and inserting
in lieu thereof the words " the sections that pio-
•vidc for a direct tax." That will accomplish his
whole purpose; but if he leaves the amendment
as it is, he leaves the Government without" the
means to collecteither the internal or excise taxes,
amounting to $10,000,000. The States cannot do
it at all. 1 suggest, then, to the gentleman that
he modify his amendment by striking out the
words "this act," and inserting "so much of
this act as relates to a direct tax."
Mr. SliDG WICK. I accept the modification.
The question was taken on Mr. Seihiwick's
amendment; and it. was lejeeied—ayes twenty-
five, noes not counted.
Mr. ELIOT. I offer the following amendment:
After the word " year," m the fourth line of the
thirty-ninth section, insert the following:
And m;ij the same to tie a^rwsed and collected in
sucli manner, inuf upon tlife rolls and such pioperty as each
State by its l<egirft;it.iii e may direct.
Mr. Chairman, 1 attended with some interest
to the debate upon tins bill yesterday, and espe-
cially to that which was elicited upon that sec-
tion of the bill by the suggestions and the amend-
ments offered by the honorable gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Roscoe Coxki.i.vg j 1 cannot
say, Mr. Chairman, that 1 assent entirely to the
views expressed by the gentlema n from New York.
If I underhand lam, his theory is, that because,
by the law of the laud, we are not authorized to
impose a tax upon any except real estate, there-
fore, although any State may see fit to make a
prepayment, that State shall be compelled to raise
the money to reimburse itself by a tax, not upon
the property of the inhabitants, but upon the real
estate of the inhabitants, and within the State. I
cannot think that that is correct law. It seems to
me, Mr. Chairman, that the simple state of the
case is this: Congress calls upon all the States to
pay a round sum of 530,000,000; it apportions
that sum among the several States; it calls upon
Massachusetts to pay a million and more of that
amount. Now, sir, if that State, or any other
State, should have in its treasury money on hand^
•I suppose there is no one who believes that, upon
the payment of that money, it would become ne-
cessary for the State to impose a tax for the ex-
press purpose of reimbursement. Ifa State shall
borrow money, and shall make the advance, then
it becomes a debt which the State owes, and I
cannot see why the State should .not be authorized
to pay that debt by an assessment according to
its own laws, or according to the will of its own
Legislature.
But, Mr. Chairman, I have always found, in
making laws, that it is a good rule, when a gen-
tleman so skilled in law as the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Roscoe Conkling] expresses a
clear and decided opinion, sustained also by the
judgment of his colleague, [Mr. Olin,] who, with-
out giving his entire assent, yet expressed him-
self as of the opinion that this is a close question,
to do all that wc can to obviate entirely the objec-
tion, or if it cannot be obviated, so far to ward off
its effect as that the objection itself may perhaps
be harmless. *
Now, sir, 1 think the amendment which I have
offered to the committee will do that. It will ex-
clude a conclusion, and that is a great thing. It
will show that Congress by this act did not in-
tend that the States advancing the money should
be confined to the real cstatcwithin its borders.
It will show, moreover, the fact to be, not that
Congress had that intention, but that although ac-
cording to the adjudged law Congress could only
assess a tax upon real estate, yet it left all the
States free, having paid the money, to assess that
amount upon their own inhabitants, and upon all
their property, according to the will of its own
Legislature, by the standing laws, or by any laws
winch such Legislature might see fit to adopt.
This amendment, then, Mr. Chairman, I beg
my friends of the committee to observe, can pos-
sibly do no harm. That is a good thing. But,
in my judgment, it will do good. It will operate
actively and beneficially. If the objection laiscd
by the gentleman from New Yoik [Mr. Roscoe
Conkling] is well founded, and ran be, removed,
my amendment removes it. If it cannot be re-
moved, it goes as far towards its removal as it is in
our power to make it go. It will inform the judges
of any court, who may have to decide the ques-
tion, that the intention of Congress was that the
{States should have full power in the premises;
and it recognizes the required power in the State,
if it docs not confer it
Mr. UPTON, i am opposed to the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
because I am reluctant at any time to admit that
tlu;io is sovcieignty in a State; and am particu-
larly reluctant to do so at this time. I desire to
leave the question of direct taxation entirely in
the hands of the national Government. 1 had sup-
posed that tins question was settled yesterday. I
Iiad understood the honorable gentleman fiom
New York [Mr. Roscoe Conki.tng] to assent to
the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham,] that if any State; took advantage of the
provisions of this section, and paid its quota, the
bill would not attach to its Legislature. Am I
right?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I cannot hear
my friend from Virginia, and therefore cannot
answer his question.
Mr. UPTON. 1 understood the honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio, in answering the argument of
the gentleman fiom New York that this section
would bring about a conflict of jurisdiction, to say
that if any State or States took advantage of tho
provisions of this section, and paid its quota in
advance, the provisions of the whole bill would
not attach to such State; and that the gentleman
fiom New York assented to that.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. No, sir; I dis-
sent from it toto ccclo.
Mr.UPTON. Then,if thisactpasses, the gen-
tleman Will have a chance to get an appeal. 1 am
in favor of keeping this measure of taxation in
the hands of the national Government, i insist
upon it that it is necessary we should make the
people feel the arm of the national Government,
and know that we are in earnest m this matter.
They can only do so by the passage of such a
measure as this. This is the true supply bill—
not your loan bill, not even the tat ill* bill. I beg
leave to dissent toto ccelo—using the emphatic
language of the gentleman from New Yoik—
from those of the committee who think that this
bill might be postponed till the next Congress.
I think that this is the time to pass this bill, or
some equivalent—a bill to impose direct taxes.
We cannot rely with any certainty on revenue
from imports in the picsent distracted state of the
country. Nor will the millions expected to be
derived from the tax on tea, coffee, and sugar,be
received in a short time. The blockade of the
southern ports will confine consumption to the
North, and enhanced duties will be followed by
diminished consumption. This bill is the only
certain source of revenue to the country. - The
credit of the Government in this crisis must be
maintained, or all is lost. On my way to the House
-this morning, I passed a broker's office where
I saw on placards in large characters, the woids,
"Treasury notes wanted." I had the curiosity
to go in and inquire what price they wore giving
for Treasury notes, and was told that they were
buying at Uvo and a half per cent, discount the
notes of this Government bearing six per cent,
interest. Do you call that sustaining the credit
of the Government? Sir, the credit of this Gov-
ernment should be as good as gold, and will be
if you pass this bill, and pass it now.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RIDDLE. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last three words of the
amendment. This section of the bill was doubt-
less framed with a design to obviate some great
objections to the bill, by permitting the States to
assume that portion of the tax which is directly
assessed by the bill. It is said that it fails of the
accomplishment of that purpose. I presume that
no constitutional lawyerwill contend on this floor
that a State receives any power whatever under
this bill. Nobody will contend that this bill, or
any other act of Congress, can confer any power
whatever on a State as a State. Whatever right
or authority a State may have to accept of this
proposed commutation, it derives entirely from
some other source than this or any other pro-
posed act. The power certainly is i\ot prohibited
by the Constitution of the United States. It
would seem, then, that the State has it, unless the
State, in a given instance, is prohibited from the
exercise of that power by the provisions of j is own
constitution. It was remarked!* by a very able and
ingenious colleague of mine—whom the House
will learn to recognize, as he is recognized at
home, as an able lawyer—that the provisions of
the constitution of the State of Ohio prohibit the
State from creating a debt above a given amount.
The answer to that is, that the State Legislature
does not create this debt. In no form in which
indebtedness may be said to be created by a con-
tracting party, can it be claimed that the State
creates"this debt. This is a debt assessed against
the mass of its citizens. The State comes foi waid
in the iootn of its citizens and takes that indebt-
edness on itself; but it does not create it.
Again, my learned and ingenious friend from
New York [Mr. Roscoe Conklikg] argues, ill
effect, that if a State assumes the amount of this
debt which is assessed against its citizens, the
State is subrogated to the rights of the United
States. I inquire what this subrogation is, and
my friend answers that this is a sort of vested
right My friend shakes his head, as if there was
something in it—not in his head, for there is; but
in his aigument. Why, sir, did he not say that
in the State of New Yoik one of its citizens could
[ go into a court of chancery and file a bill and get
| an injunction to sa\ e his pioperty from the assess-
ment made upon it ? I certainly understood the
! gentleman to some such effect as that. Well, sir,
i submit to gentlemen learned in the law, that
there is no equitable or legal means of a State as-
suming this debt. None at all. You have got a
vast amount of debt hovering in the atmosphere,
so to speak, a soi t of nebulous matter, which may
harden into an equitable, or possibly a legal form.
But until your assessor has appraised the real
estate, and taken the essential steps to fasten the
indebtedness on the real estate according to the
provisions of the law, there is not even an equi-
table claim.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RIDDLE, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to strike out the
enacting clause of the bill. I think it is time to
come to some action in relation to it.
