802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
in that way you cannot secure revenue enough
to enable the Union to sustain itself at this crisis,
then the people will come to its aid to the extent
of their means, if an equitable tax be levied upon
all of the property and interests of the country.
Mr. Chairman, when I made the suggestion I
have stated, the other day, my colleague [Mr.
Burnett] seemed to think that I had committed
a sin for which I will have to answer. Not only
that, bat he seemed to think that I had committed
sins in my former public life for which I ought to
repent, God knows, sir, it would be strange if,
during fifty years of scrvice to my country, at
home and in the National Council, I should have
cscaped all political error, and have been always
correct in my judgment. If I had done so, I could
claim to be more than mortal. All I can say, sir,
is, that during a long life, I, never committed the
heinous political sin of being against my country
in her time of trial and of war. [Cries of "Good!"
"Good!"] I have never sought to distract and
divide the Union. I have never sympathized
with a rebellion against the glory, the honor, and
even the veiy existence of my beloved country.
It is because of my deep loyalty to the Govern-
ment that I ask the House now not to vote on
this measure, which may be defeated by a vote
of the House, and produce the impression abroad
that this Congress is. not prepared in a properly
matured bill to give all the means necessary to
sustain the credit of the Government. My prayer
to God is, that things may take a turn before we
meet heie at the; next session, looking more favor-
able to a result than they now show themselves
to my mind. I hope that we may be enabled to
supersede the necessity of resorting to direct tax-
ation. But, sir, if it becomes necessary, I know
that the American people will even resort to direct
taxation tosustam theglory and the honor of the
Union.
As I do not design trespassing long upon the
attention of the House, I will call the attention
of the House only briefly to the system of legis-
lation adopted in a time of war by our predeces-
sors, to show with what deliberation they acted,
and with what justice they looked upon all the
interests and resources of the country. I will
not trouble the House with reading the law. It
may be found in Statutes at Large, third volume,
page J8G. It is entitled il An act to provide addi-
tional revenue." And I wiil say that Congress,
in that day, had no difficulty on the subject of
imposing a lax upon slaves. They bad no diffi-
culty about the sale of goods and chattels. Hut,
sir, the bill I have referred to was only a levy of
$6,000,000. It was distributed upon lands and*1'
slaves and all other interests. There was not
only an excise upon nil the articles, in this bill,
but upon all the fuxuiies and upon nearly all the
necessaries of life; upon the productions of the
mechanic, upon the profits of the auctioneer, upon
the profits of bankers, and indeed upon every-
thing calculated to produce revenue for the pur-
pose of carrying on a war with our enemy. 1 am
not for imposing that tax now, because I do not
see the necessity for doing so. Should the neces-
sity arise let those who come hem at the next
session of Congress—and I expect, if God spares
my life, to be bete—fix the subjects of taxation.
Let it be apportioned equally. Let us all con-
tribute to support that Government which we say
is in danger; With these remarks, if nobody else
wants to speak on my icsolution, I demand the
previous epiestion.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the demand for the pievious question
for a moment.
Mr. W1CKLIFFE. I withdraw it.
Mr. McCLERNAND obtained the floor, and
yielded to
Mr. BINGHAM. { ask that the pi Oposition
of the gentleman from Kentucky be again teported.
The lesolution was nsrain lead.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, the resolution
of the gentleman fiom Kentucky contains two
propositions: one is to postpone the further con-
sidetntion of this bill until tie; next session of
Congress; and the other is a proposition to change
the mode of taxation fiom a dneet tax to a uni-
form tax upon the personal property, or the wealth,
as the gentleman says, of the country. Touch-
ing the proposition of postponement, I have a
word or two to say. It is well known to gentle-
men on every side of the House, that an enemy ;
to our Constitution and laws thunders this day
at the gates of the capital. It is also well known,
sir, thtft the enemy, thus at your very door, and
threatening the overthrow of our institutions, is
powerful in numbers, and resolved in purpose.
Sir, one hundred thousand men at least, armed
rebels, are within forty miles of the spot upon
which I now stand, conspiring to shake down
the pillars of your temple of liberty, and to blot
out forever this last experiment of free represent-
ative government.
In this view ofaffairs, gentlemen on every hand
say that the loyal men of the country of every
section must be called from the peaceful avoca-
tions of life, from theouiet and seclusion of home,
to stand as a wall of fire about your beleaguered
•capital. Sir, upon the first note of alarm, at the
first blast of the trumpet, the loyal citizens of
every section sprung to arms; and they are here,
a hundred thousand strong, and hourly increas-
ing. The men of New England', where every sod
is a soldier's sepulcher, are here, to do their whole
duty in this hour of the nation's extremity. Men
of thf> Empire State are here, true and loyal to the
Constitution. The men of the good old Keystone
State are here, ready to lay clown their lives a
sacrifice in defense of the country and its laws.
The men of the West, of the Great West, cover-
ing the valley of the Mississippi, arc heie, and
they are coming here by thousands and tens of
thousands while I speak, upon the same great
purpose—the defense of the Constitution and the
Union.
Gentlemen concede on every hand, men of every
side of the House cpncedc, that this grand Army
of the Union now about your capital for the de-
fense of the Constitutor! cannot be sustained from
this until your next session of Congress without
money. The munitions of war with which to fight
your battles cannot be piovidcd for them with-
out money. The bread which is to sustain them
in the camp and the march and the field cannot
be furnished them without money. Tents and
clothing to shelter them from the storm cannot
be supplied without money. The transportation
necessary for a successful vindication of the Con-
stitution byarmw,and by the dread arbitrament of
battle, cannot be provided without money. It is
well known that your Treasury is empty; and in
order to supply a deficit, and to supply the neces-
saiy wants of the Go vei mneiit in this war for the
Union against armed rebellion, you must replen-
ish the Ticasury. You have aheady provided
for a loan of $050,000,000, and you have gone to
the money mark.4 for the purpose of obtaining
it. If you do not provide the means—and this is
what I have to say upon the question of post-
ponement—if you do not provide the ways and
means during the present session of Congress, or
another extraonlinaiy session soon to be con-
vened after this is (dosed, to meet the mteiest upon
this great loan of $050,000,000, and to supply the
deficit which there will be, after exhausting all
othcrsourc.es of levenne for carrying oil even the
peace establishment of the Government, I desire
to say, thiir it is my conviction that within the
next ninety days, in view of the perils which sur-
lound us, and in wow of the present condition of
the money market, your bondsand notes will fall
to sixty cents on the dollar. What will be the le-
sull? Forty million upon every hundred million of
your paper will go into the pockets of the Shy-
locks of Wall street—the money men of the world.
A hundred imlhtmout - f the $050,000,000, by way
of discount on your Treasury notes and bonds, is
to go into the pockets of the stock gamblers and
dealers on change, if we postpone the bill and ad-
journ without prowdins: additional revenue. \ do
not say that all the moneyed m<-n of the country
would take this advantage ot the public want and
the public necessities; but I say what I know to
be a fact of history, that m nil gout cmeigoneies,
when all mateual uiteiests weie impuihd, when
the inteiests deaicst to the human race tiembied
m the balance, the men who weie the very first iq
bfttay all that was sacred and worth preserving,
weie the moneychangers. Thutivnnuk holds
good, so-, fiom the day that Judas took the thn tv
pieces of sd\ei for the betrayal of his master until
this hour. 1 am not heiv.bythe postponeint nt of
this bill, or any other bill winch may be offered
to accomplish the purpose of this one, to play into
the hands of these men at the sacrifice of the
material interests of the country. That, sir, is a
part which no man can afford to play, and which
no patriot will play in this great national con-
flict.
But if that were all the sacrifice of material in-
terestsonly,itwouldbc with me a comparatively
small consideration. But that sacrifice is not all
which in my judgment will result from this post-
ponement. It is very doubtful, if you do not take
some such measure as this presently—now—to
sustain and uphold the country, you will not be
able to obtain any considerable portion of the
money at all; and if you fail in this you will not
be able to prosecute your war; and it may result
that you will not be able to defend the capital
against invasion, or be able to sustain the mere
fragment of the Army of the Union now here. I
throw out these remarks not as an alarmist, but
for the consideration of gentlemen.
Mr. Speaker, I have some remarks to make in
reference to the other proposition of the gentle-
man from Kentucky, which is, that the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means be instructed to report a
bill assessing a tax uniformly upon the whole
wealth of the country.^/Tho House know well .
that there is but one kind of tax, under the Con- ,
stitution of the United States, that can'be appor-
tioned among the several States upon population, >
and that is a direct tax, which includes a tax upon
land, a per capita tax upon persons, or a tax upon
slaves, to the extent that they aie made the beisis
of representation.
"Mr. WICKLIFFE. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to take the position that the Congress of
the United States have no mode of raising money
by what is called the taxing system, than by a
direct tax upon land and slaves?
Mr. BINGHAM. I took no such position. I
stated—and I iepeat my proposition—that there
is only one kind of tax under the Federal Consti-
tution, which can be laid by apportionment, ac-
cording to population among the States, and that
is a direct tax, as it is called in the Constitution.
1 say that the Constitution confers, upon the
•other hand, upon Congress, power to lay and col-
lect duties, which is a tax; and to lay and collect
customs, which is a tax; to lay and collect cordis,
which is a tax; and all these forms of taxation,
duties, imposts, and excises, must be laid accord-
ing to the individual wealth of the citizens of the
United States, wherever"he may be in the Union,
and irrespective of the population of the State in
which he ma v reside; and all such taxes must belaid
yuiformly. This is no new idea. It is the decision
of your courts. It is the language of your judges,
that the word uniform, as used in the Constitu-
tion, applies to all taxes, other than direct taxes,
raised by the Federal Government, and therefore
they must be laid uniformly upon all the citizens
of the United States, mespective of the popula-
tion of the States to which they belong.
Sir, it is because of this limitation of the Con-
stitution upon your general power of taxation
that I oppose the second proposition of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky. The second proposition
of the gentleman from Kentucky is, I repeat, that
you shall not lay a direct tax, but a general tax,
not to be apportioned among the several States
according to their respective numbers, or repre-
sentative population, but to be laid uniformly upon
the* wealth of the countiy. This general tax thus
laid would impose undue and unjust burdens upon
the loyal citizens of the loyal States, and almost
exempt the rebel Slates from taxation. To reach
the rebel States you must lay a direct tax.
Mr. OLIN. Let me interrupt the gentleman.
Do I understand him to assert here that the Gov-
j et nment of the United States cannot levy a tax of
) ^30,000,000 in precisely the same way that Ohio
I levies a tax upon her citizens?
j Mr. BINGHAM. I have not said any such
j thing. Thegreat tiouble with the gentleman from
; New York is this: that ho does not observe the
j fact that while the grant of power is made to Con-
! e.iess to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts,and
\ excises, there is this further limitation in the Con-
j stitution, fust, " that no capitation or othei direct
j tax shall be laid, unless m propoition to the cen-
I sus or emum ration hereinbefore directed to be
| taken;" thus clearly showing that a capitation is
aditeef tax, because the Constitution says, "no
capitation o * other direct tux." If the gentleman
from New York will turn to the other provision
of the Constitution m reference to direct taxation,
he will discover it is provided that " direct taxes
