1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303
shall be apportioned among the several Stales,"
according to their respective numbers, &c.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I wish to ask the
gentleman whether it is competent for Congress
to lay an "d valorem tax upon land and slaves?
Mr. BINGKAM. I have no doubt a direct
tax, duly apportioned, may be charged on land and
slaves. It was so decided long ago. The act of
f~t813, in laying a direct tax, included just land
and slaves, and nothing else, and I never heard
the constitutionality of the act questioned.
— Mr McCLERNAND. I find that the act of
1813 included slaves with land, as the subject of
the direct tax. According to the view presented
by the gentleman, I want to inquire of him upon
what principle it is that slaves were included in
that act, whether as lands, or personal property,
or as persons?
Mr. BINGHAM. They were included as per-
sons, because they arc made the basis of represent-
ation, and it is ia my judgment, because slaves
are the basis of representation, that the appor-
tionment of a direct tax as to slave States is to that
extent increased, and the citizens of slave States
to that extent taxed by sucli a bill.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Why, then, were not
white persons named also?
Mr. BINGHAM. I answer the gentleman that
the words " a capitation or other direct tax" are
used in this Constitution; and no one doubts—
although I am not aware that any such tax was
ever laid—no one doubts, according to the lan-
guage in Story, which I read the other day, that
it is°competent for Congress to lay a capitation
tax (that is to say, a poll or direct tax) upon the
head of eveiy citizen of the United States, with-
out regard to his property.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I do not wish to be
understood as antagonizing the views of the gen-
tleman.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not so understand the
gentleman. Now, I hope I have made myself
understood. The irrevocable limitation of the
Constitution is upon us; and if we wish to appor-
tion the tax for the support of the Government. of
the United States in this its hour of peril, with
that limitation binding us, there is no way under
Heaven by which we can impose on the slave
States their just proportion of taxation for the
war but by a direct tax. If you lay a general tax
upon personal property and moneys, you cannot
apportion it.
Mr. McCLERNAND. One other question as
to how it is in regard to imposing a tax upon
slaves. The gentlemen says that the tax is im-
posed upon slaves on the ground that they are
persons; and he quotes the clause of the Consti-
tution which requires that all taxes shall be uni-
form. I ask him now whether it is competent for
Congress to make that discrimination, limiting the
tax upon persons to slaves, and not imposing it
upon white persons?
Mr. BINGHAM. The great misfortune is that
I have not been able to make myself heard by the
"ontleman from Illinois in all that I have said. 1
repeatagain, for the information of the gentleman
from Illinois, that our Supreme Court has already
decided that the word "uniform," as used m the
Constitution, does not apply to a dueet tax at
all; that the word " apportionment" applies to a
direct tax, and that the word " uniform" applies
to a gpncinl tax upon property. 1 have stated to
the gentleman that by the very words of the Con-
stitution itself a capitation tax is a direct tax, and
therefore the word " uniform" does not apply to
it. I hope the gentleman is answered.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Does the gentleman
assume the position that a tract of land in Ohio
worth $1,000 might be taxed $100; anil a tract
of land of the same value in Illinois be taxed
SioOO ? ...
Mr. BINGHAM. I assume this position, that
when you come to tax the land of the country,
by every construction and all precedent, you lay
a "direct tax, and apportion it among the seveial
States aecouling to their representative popula-
tion.
Mr. McCLERNAND. And it must be uni-
form ?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; a direct tax must
not be ''uniform;" it must be "apportioned"
amongst the several States according to their rep-
resentative population respectively.
Mr. OLIN. I ask the gentleman whether the
tax upon negroes is imposed as a direct tax or as
a uniform tax?
Mr. BINGHAM. I have told the gentleman
before that it is a direct tax. I understand my
own position, whether the gentleman from New
York does or not. Such is the express language
of the bill.
Mr. OLIN. If it is such a tax as the gentle-
man states, it must be apportioned among the
States.
Mr. BINGHAM. So it is.
Mr. OLIN. How is it apportioned among the
white people?
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman seems to
have given himself no trouble in examining this
question, or else he supposes that nobody else
knows anything about it. In the first place, the
apportionment of a direct tax is not among "white
people," but among States; and the rule of ap-
portionment is simply the whole amount of pop-
ulation in each State which constitutes its basis
of representation in the Congress of the United
States. I trust the gentleman is answered. But
that the gentleman from New York may not mis-
take my meaning, I state further: if South Caro-
lina, for instance, has five hundred thousand of
representative population and Ohio has a million
of representative population, according to this
provision of the Constitution, this being a direct
tax that you are laying, you apportion to the
State of South Carolina, to be levied upon the
taxable property named in this act within her
limits, just one half as much as you levy oil the
State of Ohio. 1 trust the gentleman now knows
how it is apportioned, not among "white people,"
but among the States.
I desire to read from the text of the opinion of
Judge Iredell, in the case to which I refened the
other day, merely to show gentlemen here that I
am not raising any captious objection, unconsid-
ered and undigested on my part, to the motion of
the gentleman from Kentucky. Judge Iredell, in
[ deliveiing the opinion m the case reported in 3d
Dallas, page 181, uses this language:
I "The ron rr-K pn—tin' pmvi'i ul'1:ixin!i alt tiraMe
I obieets without limitation, with Hie pumcular exception
■ ot a duty on rxjioiH. TlM'iv are two icstnctions only on
tlie evii i-e 01'tin*. (luiliorit) . 1. All dnect tiiM'n inu-t ho
ap|)omon"d. '2 AH duties, imports and c.vciscs, mun be
umi oriii.'''
That is, all duties, imposts, and excises, must
be uniform, irrespective of population and irre-
spective of representation in any State.
Wow, sir, tiie gentleman from Kentucky pro-
poses to abandon the proposition to impose a di-
rect tax, which alone can be apportioned, and by
which alone you can impose upon these^ rebel
States their just proportion of the burden of pros-
ecuting this war, and to transfer that burden from
the lebel States of South Carolina, Florida, Lou-
isiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Texas, Georgia,
North Carolina, Virginia, and all their co-eonspir-
ators in other slave States, to the loyal States,
New England, New York, Pennsylvania, and the
Great West. I stand here to protest against it. I
stand here to invoke that wise provision of the
Constitution against these rebels. I stand here
to ask the Representatives of the people to moi t-
i gage the lands this day over all that vast domain
I now peopled with rebels and traitors, lor the pur-
i pose of sustaining our honest soldiers and loytd
i men in their determined purpose to uphold our
i fhg and to vindicate the supremacy of our Con-
stitution.
Let the gentleman's proposition prevail, and
how will your legislation stand then? 1 ventuie
here to assert the fact, that when you come to
lay your tax, not upon land or slaves—-for yon
cannot do that under the terms of that resolution —
but upon the goods, chattels, money, credit, and
effects, bonds and mortgages, railroad stocks and
bank stocks, if you will, of the citizens of the
United States witlnn the seveial States,inasmuch
as such a tax must be uniform and not appor-
tioned, the great State of New York, loyal, faithful,
<■' Faithful found anions the faultless,"
whose every pulsation is this moment on the side
of the Constitution and the laws, will, by your un-
just legislation, be compelled topayas much as the
entire slave Statesof this Union, to put down this
War. Is that just? Is it fair? Is it right? Why,
sir, by such legislation, you lay the burden of the
war upon the loyal citizens of the loyal States,
and almost exempt the wicked traitors—conspira-
tors who-inaugurated and made taxation a na-
tional necessity. I do not think those rebels entitled
to any such special favor. I think justice de-
mands that they should pay their due proportion
at least; and I do not believe that justice, the at-
tribute of the Deity, would be offended if all the
burdens of this war were laid upon the rebels,
who inaugurated and now wage it with savage
cruelty.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I would say to the gen-
tleman that he has misconceived me, or per
1 have misconceived the matter myself. In order
to obviate any difficulty on the subject, I propose
to modify my motion by directing the Committee
•of Ways and Means to report a bill for direct
taxation, under the Constitution, and a system
of revenue equal among the people of the United
States.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to that.modification
now, because I am speaking to the resolution of
the gentleman as reported by the Clerk, and be-
cause I cannot hear the gentleman very distinctly
in what lie now proposes. As I understand the
gentleman's proposed modification of his resolu-
tion, I think itwould be ineompetentforany com-
mittee to do any such thing as he now proposes'.
It may be, however, that I do not understand the
proposed modification of the gentleman, and I
make the remark subject to that limitation. I
take the resolution as it stands before the House.
It includes the proposition, as I have stated he-
fore, to postpone the bill until the next session of
Congress, with instructions that the Committee
of Ways and Means shall then report " a uniform
tax," to be imposed on citizens and not " appor-
tioned" among the States. Now, 1 repeatin this
connection, that, when yon do that, you do great
injustice to every loyal citizen of every loya!
State in the Ui.ion.
Mr. DAWES. Is there any legal objection
to it?
Mr. BINGHAM. None at all, sir. I thanlc
the gentleman for his suggestion. But it does not
follow that because there is no legal restraint on
you to do tins thing, equity and justice will allow
you to do it under the circumstances.
Mr. DAWES. That is what I want to know.
Mr. BINGHAM. Now allow mo to make an-
other remark, for I have no doubt that my friend
from New York [Mr. Oun] intends to do exactly
what he deems to be right. Under this bill you
propose to lay on slave Slates a direct tax of over
tell million dollars. I assert here, that unless you
,it]opt this mode of taxation, you cannot lay,
justly and equitably, or, to use my friend's own
expression, "legally,"on these States §5,000,000;
because, when you lay a general or uniform tax,
you cannot tax slaves at all. They never were
so taxed under the Federal Constitution. There
is comparati-vely nothing in the rebel slave States
to tax but lands and slaves. v
Mr. LOVEJOY. As the gentleman is now re^
ferring to justice, I desire to ask him what justice |
there is making £>1,000 of property in Connecticut
liny &1 33}, and the same amount of property in/
Kansas pay five dollars?
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 will answer the gentleman
from Illinois, touching that proposition of his, a
good ileal as Franklin answered the question of
an anxious philosopher—why it was, that if there
be a bowl fall of water and a fish plunged into it,
the water doeq not vun over? Said Franklin:
" Before we discuss the reason of it, it is best to
settle whether the fact is so or not."
Mr. LOVEJOY. Unquestionably the fact is so.
Mr. IUNGHAM. Unquestionably I do not see
that that is a self-evident proposition. I know
that my fnond is a gentleman of truth and vera-
city; but I am not going into that inquiry just
now. I will, however, make this remark: that
even if the statement of the gentleman be correct,
it i.s better to have it so rather than to allow these
disloyal .States to escape their just proportion of
the expense tiecessaiily incurred in this war for
the Constitution and Union. That is my answer.
Mr. LOVEJOY. We propose to confiscate all
their property, not merely to tax it.
Mr. BINGHAM. We have passed no such
bill; and 1 have made a remark already, under
which I am to have the benefit of that suggestion
of the gentleman, if there is any value to be at-
