808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
gentleman's proposition is not in the nature of an
amendment to my proposition ^but rather an in-
dependent proposition.
The SPEAKER. The motion was to strike
out all of the gentleman's proposition after the
word " Resolved," and to insert the proposition
of the gentleman from Illinois. The Chair thinks
the motion was in order, and that the proposition
is pertinent as an amendment.
Mr. WIGKLIFFE demanded the yeas and
nays upon the adoption of the amendment.
The yeas and hays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was^decided in
the affirmative—yeas 73, nays 33; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Joseph Baily,
Baxter, Beaman,Bin liam, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Bufftn-
ton,Calvert,CnmpbeH,Chamberlain, Clark, Cobb, Colfax,
Frederick A. Conkling, Uoscoe Conkling, Conway, Cmtis,
Dawes, Delano, Dtven, Duell, Dunn,Edgerton,Eliot, Eng-
lish, Fessenden, Franehot, Frank, Goocb, Granger, Ilaiglu,
Haie.Hanchctt, Harrison, Hoiton, Julian, Kelley, Francis
W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Lansing, Lovejoy, McCler-
nand, McKeau, McPherson, Mitchell, Moorhead, Justin S.
Morrill, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, Alexander U. lliee, John
H. Rice, Riddle, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabar-
fer, Sherman, Spauldmg, Steven*, Stratton, Tmwbiulge,
Fpton, Vandcver, Vaiyllorn, Van Valkenbuii?h, Van Wyck,
"Wallace, E. P. Walton, Wa<bbnrno, Albeit S. White,
Windoro, Woodruff, Woicestei, and Wiight—"3.
NAYS—Mcssis, Allen, George II. Biovvne, Bui nett,Cor-
ning, Covodo, Cox, Crisfirhl, Dunlap, Gilder, Maiding, Ilol-
tnan, Jackson, Law, Mallory, Monzies, Anson P. JMoinil,
Norton,GeorgeII. Pendleton,Pike, Reid, Robinson, Smith,
William G. Steele, Vall.unhgham, Vibbard, Vnoihees,
Wadsworth,Chailes W, Walton, Ward, Webster, Whaley,
Cliilton A. White, and WicklifFe—33.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. RIDDLE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Hutciiins, was unavoidably absent; and thatMr.
Trimble was confined to his roam by illness.
'Mr. COLFAX said, that as this proposition
was one third better than the bill reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means, he should vote
for it; intending, however, to vote for a proposi-
tion to strike oat the provisions in relation to di-
rect taxation, if an opportunity presented itself.
The SPEAK.E11. No debate is in order.
The resolution,as amended,was then adopted;
and the bill was recommitted to the Committee of
Ways and Means, with instructions.
JOXliOLLKT) BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a bill (S. No. 38)
making an appropriation to pay the expenses of
transporting and delivering arms and munitions
of war to tiie loyal citizens of the States the in-
habitants of which now arc, or hereafter may be,
in rebellion against the Government of the United
States, and to provide for the expense of organiz-
ing them into companies, battalions, regiments,
or otherwise, for their own protection against
domestic violence, insurrection, invasion, or re-
bellion; when the Speaker signed the same.
SURPLUS KKVEN0E.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING asked the consent of
the House to offer the following resolution :
Rcsohed, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
requested to report to this Ilout>e the amount ot tin; sur-
plus revenue of the United States deposited with the «ov-
eral Statf^ lespcetively, under the piovision:-. of tlie thir-
teenth section ol'the act entitled " An act to regulate the
deposits of the public money,appiovcd June 20, 1836;
and, if doomed advisable, to u-poit a bill recalling the*ame
for the use of the General Government.
Mr. STEVENS. The resolution certainly
should not be passed in that shape. The gentle-
man will see that the Committee of Ways and
Means cannot furnish the information. I object.
NEW STEAMERS.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to authorize the con-
struction of twelve small side-wheel steamer^;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
And then, on motion of Mr. CAMPBELL, (at
five minues past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 29, 1861.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
I he Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and byunanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
52) to provide for the purchase of arms, ordnance,
and oidnance stores; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
PAYMENT OF REGIMENTAL BANDS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the bill (S. No. 24) authorizing the Secre-
tary of War to reimburse volunteers forexpenses
incurred in employing regimental and other
bands,retumedfrom the House ofRepreacntatives
with amendments.
The amendments of the House were, to add at
the end of the bill the following:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the President, in
accepting and oigamzing volunteeis under the act entitled
" An act authoiizing the employment of volunteers to aid
in enforcing the laws and piotecting public property," ap-
pioved July 22,1861, may accept the services of such vol-
unteers without previous proclamation, and in such num-
bers, liom any State or States, as, in ills discretion, the
public acivicc may require.
And to amend the title by adding "and for
other purposes."
The amendments were concurred in.
" THE NATIONAL LOAN.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the amendment of
the House of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 41)
supplementary to an act entitled " An act to au-
thorize a national loon, and for other purposes,"
have directed me to report the same back, with an
amendment to the amendment of the House ot
Representatives. I should like to have it acted
on now.
The amendment of the House was to strikeout
all of the Senate bill after the first section, arid
insert the following:
Sec. 2. •And he it fmthcr cnacted, That the Treasury
notes, underthe piovisions of the Paul act " to authorize a
national loan and foi other puiposcs, ■> or of anv other act
now in loiee, anthoii/.ing the issue of such notes, shall be
signed by the TiOfHiiicr of the United S(atc>, oi by sonic,
othcci ot the Tie.isury Depaument, designated by the See-
retaty of the Treasuiy, tm said Treasuroi, and counter-
signed by the Renter of the Tieasuiy, or bv some oflieet
of the Tio.iMuy l>epaitment, dcMgmiii d by the Sccietmy
of the TieaMiiy, for said Register; and noTiea^uiv notes,
i.-sued undet any act, ^-liall ie<]uiic the seal of thy Treasury
Department.
Src. X And he it further cnacted, That tin: Secret nv of
the Treasm v may fiv the denomination*, of the Tiea'ury
notes below fifty dollais ; and, it he shall derm it expedient,
may i^siie, ut exchange: 101 coin, or in payment of public
dues, Tn-avuiy notes branny mteuvt not exceeding nine
per cent., payable semi-annually, at the office of the As-
sistant Treasmer at New Yoik, anything in said act to the
eontiarv notwithstanding ; but the ablegate amount of all
bonds and Treasury notes issued shall not exceed the ag-
gregate of $',>:>(),000,000, limited bv said act.
Sue. 4. And he U fmthcr unacted, That tor the full and
punctual payment oi the loan authon/.ed by the act entitled
u An act to authorize a national loan, and foi other pm-
poses," appioved July 17, 1W1, the United States specific-
ally pledge* the dune* of impo.-t on tea, collee, s\u ar,
vpie.-s, wines, and liquors, and nNo such excise and other
internal duties and taxes as may be icceived into the
Tiea^uiy.
The Committee on Finance recommend that the
Senate agree to the amendment of the House,
with the following amendment:
Smkc out sections throe and four of the House amend-
ment, and iri*cit in lieu thereof:
Si:e. 3. And l>c it fmthcr enacted, That so much of the
act to which tins is supplemental}- as limits the denomina-
tion of a poition of the Treasuiy notes authonzod bv said
act, at not lo^ than ten dollars, be, and is, so modified as to
authotize the Seerctaiy of the Tieastuy to fix the denom-
ination of said notes at notion than five dollars.
Sec. 4. And be it fin the r enacted, That in addition to
the amount heietofoie appropriated, the sum of £100,000,
or so much thereof a^ may be necessity, be, and the same
is hereby, appiopi iated out of any money in the Treasury
not otheiwi^e appropriated, to pay such expenses, commis-
sions, or compensation as may be nccessaiy. m the judg-
ment ot the Secretary ot the Treasury, to cany into exe-
cution tho provisions of this act, and of the act to which
this I* supplementary.
Si:c. 5. And he it further enacted, That the Treasury notes
autiionzed l>> the act to which this supplemental}*, oi'a
le^s denomination than fifty dollar*, payable on demand,
without interest, not exceeding in amount the sum or
$50,000,000, shall bo receivable in payment of public dues.
Mr. KING. Mr. President, Congress is, vary
properly, I think, conferring great powers upon
the executive department of the Government.
The condition of public affairs requires that they
should have almost unlimited discretion in the
exercise of the powers of the Government; but in
reference to the issue of these notes, my opinion
is so clear and decided that it is better notto issue
them of a less denomination than tpn dollars, that
1 propose to make amotion to strikeout the words
in the bill that authorize the reduction of the de-
nomination to five dollars. • When this subject
was up before, I moved to strike out "ten" and
insert "twenty;" but the Senate voted for the
denomination often dollars, which I think is cer-
tainly as low as they ought to be.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This being an
amendment to an amendment, the Senator from
New York will perceive that a further amendment
cannot be in order.
Mr. KING. It is an amendment to the House
proposition, which is a substitute for the original
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The House
amended the Senate bill, and this is.an amend-
ment to that amendment. That is the state of the
question.
Mr. KING. I thought the committee had pro-
posed a substitute for the House amendment,
is there no way, then, in which we can take the
question upon this denomination?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No other way
than by negativing this proposition and propos-
ing a new one.
Mr. KING. Negativing the proposition which
contains the other provisions ? I shall vote against
the proposition, then, on that ground.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance be negatived,
the amendment of the House will still be open to
amendment.
Mr. KING. The only point I make in the
matter is the denomination of the Treasury notes.
I shall vote against the amendment of the com-
mittee in that view.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose that is con-
tained in the first section. Is there any other
provision in the first section? I think the ques-
tion may be divided. The Clerk will read the
first section of the amendment of the committee
again.
The Secretary road the first section of the
amendment of the Committee on Finance.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Finance con-
taining divers propositions, the question may be
taken separately on tho different propositions as
an amendment to the House amendment; and the
first question will be on the first section of the
amendment reported by the Committee on Fi-
nance, as an amendment to the House amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will accomplish the
object of the Senator from New York, to have the
question separately on that.
Mr. KING. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will only say, in regard
to that, that there was some difference of opinion
in the committee, and at first we fixed the limit
at ten dollars; but the Secretary of the Treasury,
on consultation, is decidedly of opinion that, for
the beneficial operation of the Treasury at the
present time, it is advisable that it be reduced to
five dollars; and wc, knowing that he must be
more familiar with all these matters than we are,
and that he has studied them much more and re-
ceived much more advice on the subject, and is
aware of his own condition and the condition of
the Treasury better than we are, thought that, on
a point like this of comparatively so small import-
ance, it was not worth while for us to take the re-
sponsibility of interfering with a provision which
he thinks to be of so much consequence.
I will state the provisions which we have stricken
out. The House amendment authorized nine per
cent, on Treasury notes; they also adopted an-
other section pledging specifically the receipts
fiom the duties on sugar, tea, and coffee, for the
payment of this loan. Wc have stricken out both
those provisions, and, instead of them, inserted
one or two provisions which the Secretary deems
essential to tho beneficial organization of the ma-
chine which we design to put in motion. We did
Hot deem, in a matter of detail like this, that it
would be wise to interpose our own judgments,
even if they had been unanimous; and therefore
wc propose to leave it to Ins discretion, tie will
undoubtedly not use this power unless it becomes
necessary; and if it does, he ought to have the
power in these times. Ordinarily, of course, it
would not be demanded or allowed. I hope, there-
fore, that the amendment proposed by the com-
mittee will be adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment reported by the Committee
