1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
809
on Finance to the amendment of the House; and
the amendment reported by the Committee on
Finance consisting of several sections, the ques-
tion is on the first section, which has been read.
Mr. KING-. I ask for a division, simply that
it may go to the country. [" Oh, no !"]
The question being taken, on a division, re-
sulted—ayes 18, noes 9; no quorum voting.
Mr. HALE. Another count. There is a quo-
rum here.
Mr. KING. I am satisfied there is a majority
of the Senate for it, and I withdraw the call for a
division.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, The call for a
division is withdrawn, and if it be not renewed,
the Chair will declare the amendment agreed to;
and it is agreed to. The question now is upon
the residue of the amendment reported by the
Committee on Finance to tbo amendment of tlie
House of Representatives.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now recurs on agreeing to the amendment of the
House as amended by the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to. *'
ORGANIZATION OF THE ARMY.
Mr. WILSON, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses,
on the bill (S. No. 3) providing for the better or-
ganization of the military establishment, submit-
ted the following report:
The committee ot cntifermici1 on the disagrRema: votes
of the two IlnueCi* on the bill (S. No. ,*>) providing lor the
better organization of .the mihtiuy establishment, having
met, al'tei lull ,\n<l fife conference have agreed to recom-
mend, and do leeommend, to then respective Houses, ns
follows:
That the House recede front its amendments to the Sen-
ate bill, and agree lo the bill, "'Uli the lollowiug amend-
ments:
rage 1, section two, lino seven, after the word "cavalry,"
strike out as follows: <kcjg!it assistant adjutants general,
six commissaries ot subsidence, fmu quarteimasteis, and
twenty a-swont quaitermasteis "
3'ag'i 1, section two, line thinecn, after the word " estab-
lishment," strike out as lollow-: " ami to hold their offices
<oi three yenis, unless sooner dischaujcdand in lieu
thereof, add all aftet the enacting clause of the second sec-
tion of the amendments of the House to the Senate bill.
Page 1,.section three, hue thiec, alter the word "en-
gineers," strike Wit as follows: "and to the Ordnance
depai tment.
Page 3, section tiuee, at the end of the section, add all
nftci the cnaetwg clauses of sections tluec and four of the
amendments of the House to the Senate bill.
Page 4. section eight, at the end of the section, add the
second proviso of section eleven of the amendment-* of the
House to the Senate hill.
Page 6, section sixteen, at the end of the j-.ection, add
" and regiments in the held."
Page 7, section seventeen, line, eight, attei the woid
" pay," tnseit " and emoluments."
I'age JO, section twenty, line live, after the word Kc-
i^ister," insert the words " Navy Register, as the ca c may
he."
Strike out sections eleven, twenty-two, twenty-four, and
twenty-five ol said bill.
Htiike oyt all after the enacting clause of section foui-
jeen of said bill, and, in lieu thereof, inseit as lollon-*:
" That the Oomnu-.-aiy Cieneial of Subsistence be, and he
is hPieby, authouzed, under such i emulations as the fcjec-
letary of War may prescribe, to vary the articles of sub-
sistence, whenever circumstances may lender it advisable :
Provided, That the cost ol the ration shall not be increased
by such substitution."
Strike out all of section eighteen of said bill, and insert,
in lieu theieof, section nineteen of the amendments of the
House to the Senate bill, with the lollownig amendments
to the said amendment of the limine, namely: In line two
of said amendment ot the House, aitei the word " Anriv,"
inseit "or of the Mai me Coips^'-and m hue fourteen ot
same amendment of section nineteen, after the won!
" shall," stnke out" as provided in the thiid section of this
act."
Strike out all of section nineteen of said bill, and in lieu
theieof inseit all of section twenty of the amendment of the
House to said bill, with the lollovving amendment to said
amendment: In hue lluee ot said amendment, after the
word '* Wai," insert "or Secretary of the Navy, as the
ea«e may be:" and 111 line live of said amendment of the
House, alter the woid board," strike out " ot the medical
staff," and m lieu theieof insert '-of not more than nine
jioi los^ than five commissioned officers, two tilths of whom
shall be of the medical stall*; the board, except those taken
from the medical stall', to be composed, as tar as may be,
of his seniois in rank."
Stiike out ail of sections twenty-six, twenty-seven,
twenty-eight, and twenty-nine, ofsaid bill, and inseit m lieu
thereof, as follows:
"Sdc.26. Jladleit further filarial. That any officer of the
Navy \\ ho has been forty > ears in the service of the United
States, may, upon his own application to the President ot
the United States, be placed upon the list of retired officers
of the Navy, and shall receive the leave-oi-absence pay he
was entitled to at the time of such retirement.
"•Sec. 27. Jlndie il Jutlhci enacted, That if any oiBcer
shall have become, or --hall hereaftei become, incapable of
peitorniing the duties of his office, he shall be placed upon
the retired list, and witlitliawn from active service and
command, and from the line of promotion j and the next
officer in rank shall be promoted to the place of the retiiod
officer, accoiding to the established rules of the service.
And the same rule of promotion shall be applied succes-
sively to the vacancies consequent upon the retiiemcnt of
an ollicer: Provided, That if the disability be proved to
result from wounds icceived m action, &uch letiied ollicer
shall icceive the sea pay of his giade.1'
" Sr.c. 28. +1nd be tt fia titer euactcd, That whenever any
officer of the Navy, on being oideied to peifotm the duties
appropriate to lus commission, shall lepurt, hinm-lf unable
to comply with such ordei, or whenever, m the judgment
of the President of the United States, an officer of the
Navy shall be in any way incapacitated troin performing
the duties of his oliice, the President, at his discretion,
shall dueet the Seerotaiy of the Navy to icfer the case of
such otficei to a board ot not moie than nine, nor less than
five, commissioned otliccis, two fifths of whom shall be of
the medical bureau of the Navy; the board, except those
taken fiom the medical buieau, to he composed as far as
may be of his semois m rank. The determination of the
boaid in such case shall, with a rceoid of its proceedings,
be transmitted to the Societal y ot the Navy to bo laidbefoie
the President for Ins appiovai 01 disapproval and oiders in
the case. The boaid, whenever it finds an ollicer incapaci-
tated for active service, will repoit whether, in its judgment,
the incapacity lesuit from long: and faithful seiviee, iiotu
wounds or injuttes icceived in the line ot duty, from sick-
ness,tfr exposnie the win, or from any othci incident of ser-
vk^' If so, and the President appiove of such judgment,
tbfc disabled ollicer shall thereupon be placed upon the
jfst ot ictired olhcers, aeeotding to the provisions of this
act, with Icave-of absence pay. Hut if such disability or
incompetency proceeded iiom other cause?, and the Pres-
ident concur in opinion with the boaid, the officer may be
letired upon furlough pay, 01 he shall he wholly toured
from the seivicc with one year's pay, at the discretion of
the Pie^ident; and in this la-t ease, his name shall be
wholly omitted fiom the Navy Rcgistei. The members of
the boaid shall in eve y ca«e be swoin to an bone-stand
impaitial dischaige ot then duties; and 110 otheerof the
Navy shall be teuied, either parnaJlr or wholly, tiom the
service without having had a fan and lull heating before
the board, if he shall demand it.
" Snfl. I29. *1nd hcU fuithcr enwted, Tliaf the iejiicd o/fl-
eers shall be entitled to weai the uiiifoun of tlieii ie^pt etive
grades; shall continue to be home upon the Navy Uegistei ;
and bo subject to the rules and auicle* go\ enung the Navy,
and to tiial by geneial court-martial.""
Th.it the Senate do concur m the foregoing amendment
10 Uui bliL HENRY WILSON,
H. M. HK'li,
.Managers on the jiatt of the. Senate.
VF11ANC1S P. iVljAIlt, Jr.,
J. J. OHITTENDEN,
A. 1$. OLIN,
Managers on ihc pari of the House.
Mr. HALE. I know, sir, that we have gen-
erally been in the habit of talcing reports of com-
mittees of conference just as they are presented
to us; but theie arc some provisions m this which
£ could not justify myself in voting for it, if it re-
quired me to sit here until the 1st of December; and
I hope the Senate will never iiyroe to it. One of
them ia that relating to the Army laiion 1 think
that this report, if 1 undeisland it, and 1 endeav-
ored to do so as it was read, substitutes the dis-
cretion of the commissary for the exact provision
of law. Am I not right in that?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE, i am utterly opposed to that.
Here you are gathering an Army of hundreds of
thousands of men,and theie aie complaints, great
complaints, made of the provision that has been
made for their subsistence. The Senate have pro-
vided a reform, a very o-teaf. one, in the ration,
and the committee of eonferenee have stricken out
j; all that the Senate did in that respect, and substi-
ji tuti-d the, arbitiary discretion of a single man in
!| thus most important particular for the plain pro-
Si visions of law which should be inserted. We
ji should not ^jve up such a ihtni; as this, which is
,J vital, which relates to the health, comfort, and
very existence of the Army. It should be regula-
ted by law, and not left to the arbitral y discretion
of any man that God ever made. 1 will not con-
sent to that
I hope that some of the gentlemen who were
so anxious the other day about a naval and Army
retiring board, and were so confident that this was
of all times the exact time to make it, arc satisfied
now of their mistake. This report, if 1 under-
stand it, leaves to the discretion of the President,
in dlmust every instance, what shall be done.
| What will it amount to ? Nothing at. all. One
i clause, as I heard it read, provides that a naval
officer who is retired may bo paid during the re-
mainder of his life the highest grade of sea-service
pay.
My vote—and I hope the Senate will sustain
j me—will be not to concur in this report. Do not
let gentlemen be frightened about the prospect of
sitting here a day or two longer, to icguhae this
great matter that i elates to the welfare of our Army,
i know there is no member of the Senate who
wants to get home more than J doj none ^ho is
more anxious to leave this place than I am, I
want to get out of the hottest place on this cottti*
nent—the Senate room; and I should like to know-
how much it costs a day to heat this room, and
get it so much hotter than anv other place out-
side is. I am willing to stay here until Decem-
ber, however, if it is necessary to perfect this bill.
I hope the Senate will vote down this report. I
think if there be one subject more than another
that ought to command the undivided attention of
this Congress, it is providing for the health and
comfort of this great Army that we are calling
into the field; and if for no other reason, I should
vote against this report on that ground. I have
no doubt that the chairman of our committee has
labored as vMl and as long as he could; but I am
not discouraged. If we get up another commit-
tee of conference, I hope the first thing done will
be to stiike out the whole provision for a retiring
board, until wc can make something that ought
to go in, and fix the ration by law; and then we
shall have a bill that we can vote for.
Mr. BAKER. Mr, President, I have been
away so much that I do not propose to interfere
in the discussion as to the retiring board. I ex-
pressed my opinion on that subject some time
ago, and have not changed it since. On the sub-
ject of the Army ration, 1 confess to a profound
astonishment at the report of the committee of
conference.. Sir, I will not vote for it in any part.
Two thirds of the time I have spent with the
troops, dining the last month, has been to rectify
the difficulties about the Commissary department
—provisions. There is not a day that there are
not one hundred men in every regiment in this
Army who go to bed hungry. I introduced, and
by the aid of the Committee on Military Affairs
was able to carry through this body, a provision
increasing the atticle of bread, adding a little
beans, and giving the men a pound of potatoes a
day, three times a week, if practicable. To my
great astonishment 1 find that strickcn out by the
committee of conference, and a poor emasculated
substitute, that the Commissary General may
change the character of the ration, provided the
expense is not increased. 1 ask the Senator be-
fore me [Mr. Wilkinson] to tell the Senate what
he has seen of the nutuie of that ration now. We
are more defiauded than any people ever were,
m spite of ourselves; and if it were for nothing
else but to put the ration up to what it ought to
be to avoid ftaud, the Senate ought to refuse to
concur in this report, so far as it changes that pro-
vision in regard to the ration. An Army officer
of high rank in the Commissary department told
me the other day that the Army ration cost but
fourteen cents a day; and when you take all the
frauds out of it, I submit to the appetite of any
Senator here, what fourteen cents a day is to feed
your troops in the field. If any of you will take
the pains to go into the camps of your own JStatcs,
or into mine, I will show you the most profound
and intense dissatisfaction in all the volunteer
service. Sir, I know where this proposition to
allow the Commissary department to change the
ration, so that the price is not increased, comes
from, and 1 am opposed to the whole of it.
The proposition proposed to be stricken out by
this report gives the private soldier twenty-two
ounces of dry bread, it increases the ration four
ounces, and the cost aboutacent a day. At present
you propose to give, when they have good luck and
can get it there, to each man at the rate of ten
pounds of vice to a hundred men a day; and that
is all his vegetables; that is, the one tenth of a
pound of rice a day to each man; or, if you do not
give him that, you give, I believe, eight quarts of
beans to each hundred men. It may be ten quarts,
but I think it is eight. Now, the way they con-
trive to cheat us in that is this: in my own com-
mand they could not cheat us enough without that,
but they issued to us what they called "bean
meal." They will not give us raw beans, in
which there cannot be any very great cheating, ex-
cept that tliey are two or three years old instead
of being fresh, but they must dry them and put
them m oatmeal or something else, and call that
 .just flavored with beans—1' bean meal," and
issue that to us.
Now, sir, I propose that twenty-two ounces of
bread be given to bach man; that he shall have the
hundredth part of eight quarts of beans, and the
hundredth part of ten pounds of rice every day if
