1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
&i£
strike out in the eighth section after the word
" dollars," in line ten, the following words:
" Provided, That upon such portion of said income as
shall be derived fiom interest upon Treasury notes or other
securities of the United States, there shall be levied, col-
lected, and paid a tax of 2$ per centum."
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator lost nothing by
not attending to my remarks, for I made no ex-
planation about that. The design is that such
portion of a man's income as he derives from
money loaned to the Government, shall pay but
one half the tax it would if loaned to anybody
else; and in order to make it more certain, I move
to amend it by inserting the words "and no
more," after the words " per centum." Then I
believe everybody will understand it.
Mr. HALE. What is that?
Mr. SIMMONS. That upon that portion of
a man's income derived from Government secu-
rities, there shall be a tax of per centum, and
no more, instead of 5 per cent. It is an excep-
tion made in all countriesin favor of investments
made in Government securities. All the income
tax bills I have ever seen in my life have had such
a provision, and therefore I put it in this amend-
ment. The idea is to encourage men to take the
Government loan and to get rid of the taxes in
that form.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, the explanation
does not appear quite satisfactory to me. It may
be a sound reason nevertheless; but I apprehend
that no man will lend money to the Government
under any provision we now have or propose to
put on the statute-book for obtaining loans, unless
he finds it the best investment of his money of-
fered to him. He would rather loan it to the
Government than invest it in business or loan it
to individuals or corporations, simply because it
is the best loan; and if it is the best loan, it is so
because it affords him the best income, the largest
income; and the largest income, it seems to me, is
the very income of all in the world that should
pay taxes.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not disagree with the
Senator from Wisconsin at all; but in this calcu-
lation of investment, these taxes will be consid-
ered by every capitalist m the country, and he
will give just so much more for the loan as he
can save by taxes. They arc pretty sharp calcu-
lators. The Senator need not worry about the
capitalists. If they do not cipher it all out, they
are veiy different from what I think they are.
Mr. HOWE. If I had satisfactory guarantees
that they would pay just so much more, then it
would be an even thing, and I would be content
with the proviso; butl think it will be altogether
safer to let them pay the tax upon that portion
of their income that everybody else pays upon
every other kind of incomc, and then we know
it will be even; we shall get money from those
who are willing to take Government securities,
and we shall get it at just what they are willing
to pay for those securities, and nothing more. It
seems to me we have not adequate security; that
if you abate this tax. 2^ per cent., or take off one
half the tax, they will pay enough more for the
secuiiues to make it oven to the Government. I
have very grave doubts whether your bonds or
your Treasury notes will seil any higher with that
chscrimination than without it.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. President, I do not de-
sire to enlarge upon this point. In drawing a bill
of this kind, going into any system of taxation,
I think it is a pretty safe rule to follow the prac-
tice of older nations who have had this tax for
fifty years. They have tried this; and I noticed
in the last revision of the income tax of England,
that they stiil kept the feature of taxing Govern-
ment securities one half. They have got a pretty
large national debt, and they see the etlect of such
a provision upon their community, and I think it
is a pretty safe rule to follow thepw Still I have
no choice about it. I would as leave have it out
as m. It was put in, I think, for salutary reasons;
but if the Senate think otherwise, they may strike
it out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Rhode Island desires to perfect the first
section of his amendment by adding ^he words
" and no more."
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to have those words
added after the words " 24 per centum." Other-
wise they might think it was per cunt, beside
the 6 per cent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The section
will be so modified if there be no objection. The
Chair hears none. The question now is on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Wis-
consin,^ strike out after the word u dollars," in
the tenth.line of the eighth section, the fo^fewing
words:
Provided, That upon such portion of said income as shall
hp derived from intei est upon Treasuiy notes, or other secu-
rities of the United States, there shall be levied, collected,
and paid a tax of per centum, and no mute.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the first branch of the amendment
offered by the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to call the attention of
the Senator from Rhode Island to what seems to
me to be an ambiguity in this first section. The
bill levies a tax upon incomes. I desire to know
whether he means the gross incomc or the net in-
come? I presume ho means the net income; but
the expression is "income." Now, take a build-
ing largely under mortgage: the mortgagor might
receive rent, and his net income be very small,
while his gross income might be large; the differ-
ence might be very considerable. I desire to know
from the Senator which it means? I presume it
means the net income; and, if so, it seems to me
it ought to be more guarded.
Mr. SIMMONS. This bill provides that all
the details, the mode of assessing thus tax, what
shall be assessed, and whatshall be deducted shall
be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury.
I noticed m the British- statutes containing their
first incomc tax that it filled fifty-nine pages of
that great book of theirs. I could not write such
a bill from now till January. It is all full of de-
tails. Now, to avoid all question about the de-
terioration of property, I think we had better not
put that word in. A man will say his house lost
five or ten percent, by the wear of it; that the
tenants have destroyed the wood-work, and all
those kind of evasions; but nobody can mistake
the word " incomc." It is the net profits of a man
for the year, and the Secrctaiy of the Treasury
will provide all the ways and means to ascertain
it. If you undertake to do it in the bill, you will
only make it more confused than it is now; and
that is my objection to the amendment.
Mr, CLARK. It does not. seem so, because it
would be very easy to insert in the third line be-
fore the word "income " the word "net." That
is the meaning, and why should it not be done?
Mr. SIMMONS. That is the very thing that
would cause trouble. Suppose a person owned
a dozen stores on one of the wharves in Boston,
from which he got $10,000 a year rent. I mean
to tax §0,000 of that amount by this bill. If I
put in the-word " net" income, he would try to
have all the repairs, and so on, deducted, and
would make them amount to as much as the in-
come. That would be the trouble. When a man
repairs his buildings, he will have less income
that year, because iie spends it in repairing. I
thought of putting this woid "net" in; but I
could sec so many ways of evading it that I
thought it better to lot the Secretary of the Treas-
ury prescribe his rules, and let the bill cover all
incomes.
Mr. CLARK. T do notfeelquite satisfied with
that explanation. I think it would be quite as
well for the Senate to define what shall be taxed
as to leave the Secretary of the Treasury.to ex-
plain it this way or that way, and say it shall be
so or so. I move to insert the word " net" before
the word "income," in the third lino.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; there being, on a division—ayes 10, noes
18.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the first section of the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Rhode Island.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next sec-
tion of the amendment will be read.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope the Senator from
Maine will allow the vote to be taken on the re-
maining sections of the amendment together.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there bo no
objection, the Chair will state the question on the
whole amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would be as well,
I think.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection. The question is on adopting
-the remaining sections of the amendment of the
Senator from Rhode Island.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I desire to moveanamend-
ment to strike out the twelfth section. That sec-
tion, instead of raising money—so much needed
at the present time—proposes to give away money
belonging to the United States which it ought to
have now, if ever. Instead of giving the money
belonging to this Government deposited with the
States to them, we ought to call on them to pay it
over now to the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. SIMMONS. I put that section in the bill
at the suggestion of the Secretary of the^Treas-
ury. He said that every time a new Secretary
comcs in these accounts have to be made up and
reported to Congress. Nobody expected the
money would ever be called for; it never will be
and never ought to be called for. It never was
intended to be called for when it was put there;
and I think it best to adopt this scction in order
to get rid of these accounts on the books of the
Treasury Department. Thatisnll thcreis aboutit.
Mr. DOOJLITTLE. I hope that the- twelfth
scction will be stricken out. It has nothing to do
with the raising of money, and may embarrass
the bill. It does not raise a cent of money; but,
instead of that, proposes to give away to the
States several millions that they have belonging
to the United States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that no objection is made to concur-
ring in the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole, except to the twelfth, section. That
will be excepted.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to have a separate
vote on the scction levying an additional duty of
10 per cent.. It is the second section of the ori-
ginal amendment as reported by the Senator from
Rhode Island.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inquire of the Senator what portion of the
section contains the objectionable matter?
Mr. SUMNER. The first clause of the sec-
ond section; and if it is in order, i will move now
to strike out that portion of the section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is it? %
Mr. SUMNER. 1 will read it:
That, in addition to the duties now imposed by law on
goods, wares, and inojchandisenot enumerated in the fore- f„
going section, and on all goods not herein otherwise pro- \'J-
vuied for, lieieaftcr imported from foreign counti ics, there
shall be levied,collected,and paid,a duty of 10 perccutum
ad valorem* to include ail merchandise subject to or exempt
from duty l>y former laws.
I should like to have a vote of the Senate on
the question of striking out that clause.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole. The Senator from
Wisconsin wishes to except the twelfth section.
The Senator from Massachusetts can except the
section that contains the matter to which he ob-
jects; and then the question will bo on concurring
in the other amendments.
Mr. POLK. I wish to except the tenth sec-
tion. I desire to move an amendment to a por-
tion of that section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will also
be excepted.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to except the whole
of the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island unless it is amended in some way.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to give notice that
I shall move to strike out the words, " on coffee,
4 ccnts per pound," in the nineteenth and twen-
tieth lines of the first section. Is it in order to
make that motion now?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not at pres-
ent. The Chair suggests that the better plan would
be to commence again at the beginniugof the bill,
giving each Senator an opportunity to present his
objections.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me, that would
be the better course.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, it will be taken as the sensq of the Sen-
ate to pursuothat course. The Chair hears none.
The Secretary will read the first amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
