1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SIMMONS. I suggest to the Senator that
the operation of such a provision as that would
be to get the next crop of teas in without duties.
The latter part of the crop is shipped in July and
August, and we intend to get the duties on that
tea. Ever since the Piwident's proclamation was
issued, I am told by the largest tea dealers that I
know, they anticipated this duty, and put the
price up, supposing it would be 10 cents a pound.
They did it last April, knowing that I was for
putting the duty on. We do exempt coffee com-
ing from the Cape of Good Hope, for the reason
that Java coffee has an export duty; and when
you import it into the United States, having paid
thatexport duty, if duty is paid here, it cannot be
shipped abroad. In Europe, where the Dutch
have reciprocal duties, they do not pay this 10 per
cent; and there is a necessity and reason for ex-
empting coffee coming from beyond the Cape of
Good Rope from its operations. The country is
bare of these goods now, and the quicker you put
these duties on the better. I am willing to give
twenty days. I do not want to take a snap judg-
ment on anybody, but I do not intend that mer-
chants shall send orders out and have them filled
before tins bill takes effect, as they can in thirty
days.
Mr.SUAlNER. "Within fifteen days that could
not be done, pi ovided an exemption was made of
all goods water borne within fifteen days.
Mr. SIMMONS. That would take in tea.
Mr. SUMNRR. No; my proposition is that
all goods, wares, and merchandise actually on
shipboard and bound to the Ubited States, within
fifteen days after the passage of this act shall be
subject to pay such duties as are provided by law
at the time of the passage of this act.
Mr. COLLAMER. They can send an order
abroad and have the goods put on shipboard in
less than fifteen days.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator supposes the
passage must lie a quick one, and the lading of
the ship must have a dispatch which I think is
not, usual. It might be done at a single port, the
port of Liverpool. This other proposition seems
to me, upon the whole, to be most equitable; that
is, in favor of everything that is on shipboard
within fifteen days; but if the Senators who have
charge of the subject aie actually'against it, of
course, I shall accede to the proposition of the
Senator from Rhode island to fix twenty days.
Mr. FESSENDEN". Tho question being on
the amendment to fix thirty days, it can be re-
jected, and the Senator can move twenty.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) The original time stated m tho amend-
ment was fifteen days. In Committee of the
Whole '-fifteen" was stricken out and "thirty"
inserted. Tho question now is, Will the Senate
concur with the committee in striking out "fif-
teen" and inserting " thn tyr"
The amendment was non-concurrcd in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the mh-uod, fifteen days being the space
of time specifu-d in the section.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I should like to make
the motion that I referred to. 1 want to see what
the views of the Senate are. I move to insert this
amendment in the second lino of the seventh sec-
tion, immediately after the word "passage:"
Provided, That all goods ware*, and mereliandi-e, act-
ually on siupboaid. and bound to the United State*, within
fifteen d.i\b <v 111.'i tin- p.i-^ane of this, act, shall be subject to
pay -ui'ii dutM'i ;i- :uc pi ovided by law before and at the
time ol the parage of this act.
Now it seems to me ihnt that is essentially just,
and that there can be no bad consequences result-
ing from it.
Mr. COLLAMER. If I understand that aright,
the effect would be that our increased duty on tea
would be inoperative in relation to all the tea that
is on board ship now, or that will be on board
ship at any time within fifteen daysafterthe pas-
sage of this act. The whole crop that is now on
the way will thus escape the duty altogether. It
will be about September or October before it gets
in, and all that is shipped now and on the way
will conic in free of duty.
The amendment of Mr. Sumner was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move to strike out
" fifteen" and substitute " twenty," before the
word " days."
The amendment was agreed to.
The seventh section, as amended, was con-
curred in.
The Secretary read the eighth section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hardly think it neces-
sary, as we have gone through with the remain-
ing sections in the shape of one amendment dis-
tinctly, to read them all over again, unless some
gentleman requires it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to call the atten-
tion of my friend from Rhode Island to a prac-
tical question in tho second section of the bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator from Ohio
will allow me, I made a motion to strike out the
twelfth section.
Mr. SHERMAN. The chief reason why I
voted for the tariff bill of last winter was that most
oT the duties on important articles were specific
duties; and therefore, in levying the duties, it was
not necessary to look to the invoices, or to take
a valuation either at home or abroad. For in-
stance, when flat bar iron was imported, the law
fixed a duty of ยง16 a ton; when railroad iron was
imported, it fixed a duty of so many dollars a ton,
without regard to its foreign or home valuation.
The second section of tins bill, as presented by
the Senator fro in Rhode Island, introduces again
the old system of foreign valuations, and yet keeps
in existence the present system of specific duties.
Now, 1 submit to him whether it will not create
a great deal of practical difficulty. Take the case
of fiat bar iron worth ยง40atonin England. When
it is imported here, it pays a duty of $1G a ton.
Under his bill, now, it will be necessary, m every
importation of iron, to inquire into the valuation
of that iron, either at home or abioad ; and I sup-
pose the 10 per cent, additional duty is to be on
the foreign valuation. Consequently, the Senator
imposes the necessity of making an inquiry into
the value of every importation of every article,
wheio the duty is likely to come about the range
of 40 per cent.; and many of the most important
articles in our tariff bill reach between 30 and 40
per cent. It seems to me, therefore, that this
second section complicates our tariff duties very
much, and we shall bring into this bill alt the un-
certainties, all the doubts, and all the questions
about home and foreign valuation and about fraud-
ulent invoices, which I supposed we had got rid
of in passing the Morrill tanif bill. I submit to
the Senator whether it does not create that diffi-
culty, and whether it cannot be obviated in some
way.
Mr. SIMMONS, I think it raises no such
question, to any extent that will give the least
trouble in the world. When these invoices come
in, of course they must be presented, and there
will be a calculation as to the rate per cent. I
admit that the duty on bar iron is over 40 per
cent, now; and I did not intend that this 10 per
cent, should go on articles like that, because I
think when you have got a specific duty that
amounts to 40 per cent., it is high enough; but
there is no article imported but what is obliged to
be invoiced and the invoice shown, whether you
have a duty on it or not.
Mr. SHERMAN. Hut that creates the very
difficulty. Will you rely then on the importer's
mvoicc.i? If so, you open the door to all sorts of
fraud. They will never have an article within
the limit prescribed. Tt will create the same diffi-
culty you avoided by the bill of last year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator from Ohio that the amount is not large enough
to make it an object.
Mr. SIMMONS. The very fact that all they
would save would be 10 per cent, would not in-
duce them to go into it. They have to pay the
specific duty anyhow, and all they would save
would be 10 per cent.; and that, I think, would
not induce them to swear very hard. 1 think it
is right os it is.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to strike out the
twelfth section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the eighth section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggested that by com-
mon consent we might dispense with the reading
of all the other sections, as they have already been
read once in detail, and acted upon awone amend-
men*! If any Senator wishes to amend any sec-
tion, he can make that motion. I think that will
will be the shorter way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless some
Senator demands the reading of the sections, their
reading will not be further proceeded'with. The
question no wis on concurring in the eighth section,"
The eighth section was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thenextques-
tion is on the ninth section.
Mr. SIMMONS. I suggest that we take the
question on all the remaining sections together,
except the twelfth.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thereprefour
sections remaining, the ninth, tenth,eleventh,ant!
twelfth. Unless spme Senator desires a separate
vote on each, the vote will be taken on the ninth,
tenth, and eleventh sections together, leaving the
twelfth section for a separate vote.
The ninth, tenth, and eleventh sections were
concurred in.
The twelfth section was read, as follows:
Sec. 12. JJnd be it further enacted, That all claim on the
p.nt of the Government of the United States to have the
several sums of money deposited with the several States
under the authority of "an act entitled " An act to regulate
the deposits ol tiie public money," approved June 23,1835,
returned or repaid by paid States to the Treasury of the
United States, be, and the same is hereby, released j and the
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized and directed
to balance the accounts in the T eas>ury with such States,
and to make entry therein that the same are settled. '
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to strike out that
section. It does not aid at all in raising money
certainly to propose now to give away to the States
moneys which were deposited with them some
twwnty years ago.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in this section, it having been
adopted in committee.
Mr. SIMMONS. I only wish to make one
word of explanation. There was a suggestion that
the Secretary of the Treasury had no choice about
it; but it was embarrassing to every officer that
came into that Department to have these books to
go over and notice the accounts every time he
made his report.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Everybody knows that
we have got to raise money to carry on the war,
and the people have got to pay it; and everybody
knows just as well that this money will never be-
called ibr, and the account might as well be
wiped out. ^
Mr. CLARIC. I will make one further sug-
gestion in regard to it: that as this section is here,
we had better not now strike it out, because many
of the States are raising money for the war, and,
if we should strike this out, it would be an inti-
mation that they will have to pay this money in
addition; and therefore it might retard them in
raising money. I think, as we have it now, we
had better say it shall be a gone debt; we will settle
that account, and let them raise the new fund.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is no intimation one
way or the other, if we do not say anything in
the bill about it; but there is a proposition here
to involve a question which has been fiercely dis-
puted in this country for years, which has no
connection with the bill, which does not raise a
dollar of money, and which proposes in sub-
stance to give away to the old States with whom
these moneys were deposited many years ago,
money actually belonging to the United Status,
by settling the accounts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They will never be called
upon for it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If we do not choose to
call on thenrr for it, we need not say anything
about it. The time may come when we may be
under the necessity of calling on them for it. It
is money that belongs to the Government of the
United States just as much as any dollar in the
Treasury of the United States does. It was de-
posited by an act of Congress on that express
provision, and the States accepted it with that
provision in the act. When gentlemen say that
the act of Congress means nothing, although it
expressly provided that the moneys which were
deposited should be subject to the order of the
United States 
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was humbug.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Our friends may say it is
a rncie humbug, but why put it in the bill? It
seems that a kind of wild fanaticism takes pos-
session of the minds of certain men, just at this
time to undertake to press into this bill that which
has nothing to do with the merits of the legisla-
tion before the Senate, (and that is raising reve-
nue,) to bring up old party issues. Does not the
Senator know as well as 1 know, that it has been
