THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 31, 1861.
New Series No. 21.
lie does not state correctly, the law used to be,
when I was a Yankee, that they do guess, but
there is no such provision here- Under the pro-
visions of this act, the collector has a right, in the
fiist place, to assume that a man's income is so
much; and if he does not pay it 
Mr. TEN EYCK. We have an appeal in New
Jersey.
Mr. GRIMES. There is no such thing here.
I am as willing as any other gentleman to pay my
proportion of the taxes to support this Govern-
ment* and the citizens of my State are as willing
to do it as arc the people of New Jersey or of
Maine; but it does seem to me that there is some
very radical defect in this provision, and there-
fore I am unwilling to vote for it in its present
condition. I want lo have it amended. I think
this is the right way to collcct taxes. I am in
favor of an income tax as against any other kind
of tax that can be assessed; but it occurs to me
that (he bill is inartificially drawn, and itought to
be committed for the purpose of being redrawn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was mistaken in saying
that provision was made in the bill for taking the
oath of a man as to his income. It was talked
over in committee; and on consultation, we con-
cluded that all regulations in regard to the mode
of doing it should be left to the Secretary of the
Treasury. Wc took it for granted that the Sec-
retary, in making his provisions in regaid to the
collection of taxes, would point out the mode to
be followed, the advertisement, &c., which we
did not choose to put into the bill in detail. We
thought it better to leave it for him. That is the
simple fact. I was mistaken in saying that the
bill provided for that.
Mr. SIMMONS. One word. I stated this
morning, when this matter was up, that this was
the mere power, without going into the details.
The British statutes took fifty-nine pages of a
book, as big as a man could lift, and you could
not write it in a month. You only want to give
the power, and let the Secretary give the instruc-
tions; which will be all written, and published to
everybody.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Binahani, JJuglit, Browning, Catlilc,
Diyoii, Doohttie, Games, Harlan,~lfams>, Johnson ot Mis-
souri, Polk, Powell, Rico, Saulfabmy, Sherman, Ttumbull,
Wade, and Willej—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chamilei, Clark, Fcssunden,
Foot, Foster, Hale, King, I,am; ol Indiana, Lane of Kan-
sas, McDoujiull, Moriiil, Pomcioy. Simmons, Sumner,
Ten Eyek, Wilkinson, and Wilson—18.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will now submit an
amendment, to insert in line thirty-six, of the
tenth section, before the word " arrest," the fol-
lowing, which I suppose will be satisfactory:
Examine under oath the poison assessed umlei tins act,
or any other peison, and may sell at public auction, alter
ten days' notice, any blocks, bond^, or chosos m action
belonging to such person, or ^o much tiieieof as will pay
«uch tax and the expense of such sale : and in case he le-
fuse's to testify, the s>«nd beveiul collectors and assessors
shall have power to arrest, &e.
Mr. FESSENDEN and Mr. SIMMONS. No
objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE. I am somewhat in the dark in re-
gard to this bill, and I hope I shall be pardoned if
1 exhibit any degree of ignorance on the subject;
but I should like to ask the honorable chairman
whether this is a tax "apportioned among the
several States which may be included within this
Union, according to their respective numbers,"
or whether it is upon the property of the indi-
viduals of the various States?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will answer the Senator,
without any argument on the subject, that I do
not understand it to be a direct tax within the
meaning of the Constitution, which requires it to
be assessed among the several States.
Mr. RICE. Will the Senator oblige me by
referring to the article of the Constitution which
authorizes this tax?
Mr. FESSENDEN. lam not prepared to make
21
a constitutional argument upon it. I do not doubt
the power. '
Mr. RICE. I only ask foran explanation, not
an argument. I supposed an older Senator would
have no objection to give it to a young and green
one, like myself.
Mr. COLLAMER. Congress is authorized
"to by and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and
excises," which wc suppose covers every possible
tax there can be, every form of taxation that can
be imposed.
Mr. RICE. This, then, is not a direct tax?
Mr. COLLAMER. I did not say that. You
asked by what authority this tax was laid. 1 said
by that authority,which covers all forms of tax.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I would suggest to the
Senator from Minnesota that this bill, according
to its title, is "a bill to provide increased revenue
from impoits," and not a bill for direct tuxes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
have concurred in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole, section by section. The
question now is, whether they will substitute that
amendment for the original bill
The substitute was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL- 1 have lhi amendment that I
wish to offer as an additional section:
Jhul be it fwfhcr enactcd, Th«U fiom and after the Gill day
of Octobei, 18131, all acts and p.uis ot acn <!iuutmg allow-
uik't h Oi bounties oil the tonnage ol employed in
the bank or other cod lisherie*, be, and the same are hetcby,
repealed.
We are engaged, sir, in raising money_by every
species of taxation known to the Constitution of
the country; and therefore I think it eminently
proper at this time that we should repeal all laws
giving bounties to any portion uf our people. I
do not believe that we ever had the power, under
the Constitution, to give these bounties. I believe
all the laws granting them are unconstitutional.
I hold that you have no more right to give to a
Massachusetts or a Rhode Island man a bounty
for his vessels engaged in the cod fisheries, than
you have to give a bounty on the implements of
husbandry engaged in the West in raising corn
and potatoes. It is all unjust. I am aware that
in the early histoiy of this species of legislation,
particularly touching the cod fisheries, they said
the object was to create and foster a nursery for
seamen. That necessity, if it over existed, cer-
tainly does not exist now. There has been paid
by this Government over thirteen millions of
money for bounties upon the tonnage of vessels
engaged in these flsheries; there is now paid an-
nually between five and six hundred thousand
dollars for that purpose. Four fifths of that
amount, I believe, ^oes to the people of Massa-
chusetts and Rhod<> Island, one or two other
States getting a small amount of it. I do think
that whilst we are engaged in the work of laying
taxes on every interest of the people, on their
income, direct taxes on their lands, and imposing
excessive duties on consumption, we should re-
peal this kind of legislation, and stop these boun-
ties that have been, in my judgment, so long ille-
gally paid.
It is not my purpose to make any elaborate
argument. I ask for the yeas and nays on the
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered and taken.
The cail of the roll having been concluded,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest that there is no quorum voting.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope not. I hope the
Sergeant-at-Arms will be directed to request the
attendance of absent members.
Mr. WADE. At the request of the Senator
from Massachusetts, I withdiaw my motion.
Mr. WILSON. I ask unanimous consent to
allow me 
Mi. FESSENDEN. I object. There is a bill
before us. L<-t us dispose of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest that the vote should be reported, m order
that it may appear that there is not a quorum
voting.
The result was announced—yeas 15, nays 19;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Browning, Carhle. Chandler, Doolit-
tle, Grimes, Harlan, Johnson of Missouri, Folk, Powell,
Rico, Saulsbury, Sherman, Trumbull, Wilkinson, and
Wiiley—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Col lamer, Dixon, Fes-
bcmlen, Foot, Foster, Harris, King, Lane of Indiana,
Lane of" Kansas, MeDougnll, Morrill, Pomeroy, Simmons,
Sumner, Ten Eyek, Wade, and Wilson—19.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Am I in order in making
an explanation which is due both to the Senator
from Minnesota and myself?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate can
do no business without a quorum. Any expla-
nation which the Senator proposes to make may
be received by unanimous consent.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Then I ask the indulgence
of the Senate to make an explanation. When my
friend, the Senator from Minnesota, raised the
objection to the final passage of this bill, which I
understood him to make because of that provis-
ion of the Constitution which declares that " rep-
resentatives and direct taxes shall be apportioned
among the several Slates which may be included
within this Union, according to their respective
numbers," I suggested that perhaps the Senator
from Minnesota had mistaken the bill before the
Senate. That was a mistake of mine, not his.
He was making objection to the bill before the
Senate. In its original form, it was a bill li to
provide increased revenue from imports, to pay
interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses." The objection raised by theSenatorfrom
Minnesota was, that this biil ought not to pass,
on the ground that it was u diiect tax, and was
not appoi tioncd among the several States within
theUnion,according to their respective numbers.
The bill, as it originally stood, was a bill "to
provide increased revenue from imports." The
amendment of theSenatorfiom Rhode Island,by
adding additional sections eight and nine, varied
the original character of the bill, in the judgment
of the Senator from Minnesota—and I confess '
thatl incline to thatopimon myself—varied froma.
bill to provide increased revenue fiom imports, to
a bill to provide for direct taxation. It combines
the two features. In other words, according to
the judgment of the Senator from Minnesota, to
which 1 am inclined now to accord my own opin-
ion, it blends the two characters of a bill to pro-
vide increased revenue from imports, and a bill
also for direct taxation. I am inclined to think
that the bill is obnoxious to the objection raised
by the Senator from Minnesota, and that it ought
not to pass in the form in which it now is.
This explanation is due to the Senator from
Minnesota and to myself, inasmuch as I suggested
that perhaps he had mistaken the character and
number of the bill before the Senate.
Mr. POLK. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not. We have
sent for some members, and they will be here in
a few minutes.
Mr. ANTHONY called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 5, nays 25; as follows:
YEA?—Messrs. Ilanis, Powell, Saulsbury, Sherman,
and Wade—5.
NAYS—.Messrs. Anthony,Biowning, Carlile,Chandler,
Clark, Collaincr, Dixon, Fe^emleu, Foot, Foster, Grimes,
Harlan, King, i.ane of Indiana, Lane of Kans-afs, McDou-
gall, Morrill, Pomeioy, Rice, Simmons, Sumner, Tea Eyck5
Trumbull, Willey, and Wilson—25.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
refuse to adjourn, though there is not a quorum
voting'.
Mr. Hale (who had been absent) entered the
Chamber.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the thanks of the
Senate will be presented to those Senators who
have come in after we have been trying for half
I an hour to gi*t a quorum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 should like to have the
Senator from JSew Hampshire called on the ques-
tion before the Senate—the amendment of the
Senator from Kentucky, on which there was no
quorum voting.
