4
1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
323
ators, though there be less than a quorum in the
Chamber.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is so; but
the Chair has inadvertently omitted to call for a
declaration of the vote on the passage of the bill,
the last vote taken showing no quorum of the Sen-
ate present. That vote has not been declared. It
should be of right before further proceedings are
had. The vote therefore will be announced.
The result was announced—yeas 27, nays 7,
bo quorum voting; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Clark,
Collamcr, Dixon, Doohttle, Fessendcn, Foot, Foster,
Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Harris, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane
of Kansas, MeDougall, Morrill, Pomeroy, Simmons, Sum-
ner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson
—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Browning, Breckinridge, Carlile, Pow-
ell, Rice, Saulsbury, and YVilley—7.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire moves that the Sergeant-
at-Arms be directed to request the attendance of
absent Senators. The Senator from Virginia
made a question of order, and moved that the
Senate adjourn. The Chair is of opinion that
the motion of the Senator from New Hampshire
is in order; and while that was pending, amotion
to ad journ at that stage was not in order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move an amendment to
the motion, that the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed
to arrest the absent members, and bring them to
the bar of the Senate.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I take the liberty of
suggesting to the Chair that although the motion
of the Senator from New Hampshire to request
the attendance of absent Senators was certainly
in order, and the point of order raised by the
Senator from Virginia was not well taken, yet
that the motion to adjourn made by the Senator
from Virginia was in order, and is always in
order. Less than a quorum may send for absent
Senators, or may adjourn. I suggest to the Chair
that the motion of the Senator from Virginia is in
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky is right. The motion to adjourn
would supersede the motion of the Senator from
New Hampshire, and must be put. The motion
is, that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays. ["Oh, no."] I want to see the record.
I want to see who is here and who is not.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 14; as follows:
YEAfc?—Bingham, liiownmg, Cailile, Cldik,
Dixon, Dnoljttle, Fes^enden, Foor, Gumes, Hams, King,
Lane ot' Indiana, Momll, Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Simmons,
Wade, Willey, and Wilson—20.
NAYS—Mobsn,. Anthony, Breckinridge, Chandler, Fos-
tei, Hale, I/ailan, Lane of Kansas, MeDougall, Powell,
ltice, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, and Wilkinson—14.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mon*day, July 29, 1861.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, P^ev. Thomas II. Stockton.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
WILLIAM GRACEY
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to withdraw from the files of
the House the papers in the case of William Gra-
cey, for an increase of pension, in order that they
may be presented to the proper Department.
There was no objection; and itwas so ordered.
MESSAGE FROM TUB SENATE. '
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, announced that the Senate had"
passed an act entitled "An act m addition to an act
entitled 'An act further to provide for the collec-
tion of duties on imports and for other purposes,'"
approved July 13, 3801; and an act to create a
metropolitan police district of the District of
Columbia, and to establish a police therein; in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
ADDITIONAL REVENUE BILL.
The SPEAKER, stated the first business in
order to be the call of committees for reports for
reference only, and which reports are not to be
brought back on a motion to reconsidei.
Mr. HORTON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report back House
bill No. 71, to provide additional revenues for
defraying the expenses of the Government and
maintaining the public credit, by the assessment
and collection of a direct tax and internal duties,
with a substitute. And, Mr. Speaker, I hops
that there will be no objection to acting on the
question at this time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The committee, under the
instructions of the House, must have made some
changes; and I hope, before we are called to vote
on the bill, that the changes will be stated by the
gentleman from Ohio, or some other member of
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HORTON. Mr. Speaker, 1 can state in
a few words what the Committee of Ways and
Means have done, in accordance with the instruc-
tions of the House.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
bill being considered at this time?
Mr. HORTON. After I have explained the
substitute, I propose to call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. Speaker, the Committee of Ways and
Means have reduced the sum to be raised by direct
taxation from $30,000,000 to §20,000,000, and ap-
portioned it among the several States in propor-
tion to population. They have provided in the
bill the machinery by which this direct tax shall
be collected. The bill authorizes the States that
may so desire it to collect this tax in their own
way, paying over, at a stipulated time, their sev-
eral quotas. If they fail to do that, then it is pro-
vided that the tax shall be collected by the Federal
Government, in accordance with the Constitution.
The States that collect the tax in their own way
are to pay it over, less fifteen per centum.
The committee have also levied upon carriages
worth from $50 to $1,000, a tax varying from $1
to $50. They have levied a tax of $1 upon a gold
watch, and of 50cents on a silver watch. They
have also laid an excise duty upon spirituous
liquors of 5 cents a gallon, and upon fermented
liquors of 50 cents a barrel, or 2 cents a gallon.
The committee have levied an income tax. It
is stipulated that all incomes over and above the
sum of $600 a year shall pay a tax of three per
centum. It embraces all sources of income that
could be provided for.
Now, sir, that is the general scope of the bill;
and so tar as the committee are concerned, they
have endeavored to comply fully with the wishes
of the House, as expressed ill the resolution of
instructions adopted on Saturday last. They have
enlarged the sphere of internal duties, while they
have reduced the tax upon the landed interests of
the country. I think, sir, that there can be no
valid objection to the bill, for, if I am not grossly
mistaken, it bears equally and fairly upon every
interest of the country.
The committee, I will say further, have stricken
out the tax on licenses of stills, as well as the tax
upon the bank circulation of the country; and, in
lieu of it, have imposed a tax upon the banks in
proportion to their net income.
Unless some gentleman desires to put an inter-
rogatory to me on some point I have failed to
explain, I will now call forthe previous question*
- Mr. LOVEJOY. I understand the gentleman
to say that the income tax provided includes all
income from lands and farms?
Mr. IIOIITON. The income tax excludes all
taxes provided forin any otherportion of the bill.
Income from lands, lots, &e., and the direct tax-
ation, are all excluded from this income tax. It
includes all money received m any shape or form
as an income—even, sir, the salaries paid to mem-
„bers.of Congress.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would like to inquire of the
gentleman, whether the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Treasury, in regard to the tariff
on iron, has been mcoipoiated into this bill?
Mr. HORTON. The tariff bill has not been
touched in any shape. It provides for internal
duties.
. I now demand the previous question.
/ Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 demand the yeas
?and nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. COLFAX. I rise to a question of order.
The consent that the gentleman from Ohio has
asked, for the consideration of this bill during the
morning hour, has not been granted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair twice asked
whether there was objection, and heard none.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from Ohio,
slated that he would explain the changes made by
the Committee of Ways and Means; and I waited
until he had done, so to state my point.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asked whether
there was any objection to the consideration of
the bill at this time, and none was made. The
objection comes now too late.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask the indulgence of the
gentleman from Ohio to say a word.
Mr. HORTON. I must insist on my demand
for the previous question.
Mr. COLFAX. I can only appeal to the cour-
tesy of the gentleman from Ohio, and state to
him that, while he was making his explanation,
to which I listened very attentively, I did not feej
disposed to make any objection to the considera-
tion of the bill. All I wantjiowis to state the
point from which I havebeen cutoffby the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. The gentleman got
the ear of the Speaker, and had his bill brought
before the House for consideration while I was
patiently waiting in another portion of the Hall
to make my objection. The Speaker decides that
my objection comes too late; and I now appeal
to the courtesy of the gentleman from Ohio to
permit me to say a few words. I will not occupy
more than a minute.
Mr. HORTON. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question, and yield to the gentleman
for that purpose.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Is it the old bill
or a now bill that we are called upon to vote for
or against ?
The SPEAKER. The question is on the sub-
stitute reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I demand the yeas
and nays only on the passage of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let the substi-
tute be read.
The substitute was read in cxtenso.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, I wish to state
to the Committee ofWays and Means that I think
this bill has been much improved since Satur-
day last. The point to which my objection still
applies, is that part of the measure which provides
for a direct tax. Ifl had been allowed the opportu-
nity, I would have submitted a resolution that the
bill be recommitted to the Committee of Ways
and Means, with instructions of this character:
first, to provide for the return to the Treasury of
tiro United States of the surplus revenue distrib-
uted among theStatcs; second, (which I hold will
produce as much revenue as can be raised by this
direct tax, and in a far less objectionable way,)
to modify the present tariff upon the following
principles as near as maybe: the imposition ot
duties on the free list, the increase of duties on
such other schedules as will tend to increase the
revenue, and the reduction of such duties as are
prohibitory to a point at which revenue will be de-
rivable from them; and in the third place, the re-
tention of the internal duties provided for in House
bill No. 71, adding thereto stocks.
I desire to state, before 1 sit down, that Iagree
with the Committee of Ways and Means, in being
in favor of a protective tariff; but I admit that we
should modify the picsent bill, so as to remove
prohibitory duties, which are, in my theory,
beyond protection, ond to make them protective.
Having said this much, and thanking the gen-
tleman from Ohio for his courtesy in yielding to
me, I trust that the demand for the previous ques-
tion will not be sustained, in order that members
may have an opportunity to vote on my resolution.
Mr. HORTON. I now renew the demand for
the previous question on the substitute.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. CRAVENS demanded the yeas and nays
upon ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 65, nays 67; as follows :
YEAS—Mcs.sk--. Applcton, Babbitt, Baker, Bingham,
Samuel S Blan, George II. Browne, Campbell, Chamber-
lam, Clark, Cobb, Coming, Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Delano,
Diven, Dueif, Eliot, Fessenden, Ftanchot, Frank, Gooch,
Goodwin, Granger, Hauison, Hoiton, Ilutchin?, Julian,
Kelley, William Kelio^u. Lansing, Loomis,Lovcjoy, Mc-
demand, MeKx-rm, MeKntght, McPher^on, Mitchell,
Moorhcad, A'ison P. Monill, Jut-tin S. Morrill, OdeJl,Perry,
Pomeroy, Potter, Alexander II. llice, John II. Rice, Kiddie,
.Sedgwick, Sheffield, tihellabarger, Sherman, Smith, Spauld-
