326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
I will read to the House a comparative view of
several of the States in respect to the valuation of
their real estate, amount of tax assessed upon
them respectively, and the rate per dollar of such
tax, showing the inequality of taxation on real
estate between eastern and western States:
Table showing inequality of taxation on real estate.
States.
Valuation of
real estate.
Amount of
tax.
Rate per
dollar.
Illinois 
$287,219,940
$1,719,827
5 99 mills.
Massachusetts..
475,413,165
1,236,872
2.60
"
Michigan 
123,605,OS I
752,645
6.09
a
Vermont 
65,639,983
316,602
4.82
u
Wisconsin 
148.238,766
779,533
5.26
a
New Jersey 
151,1(51,942
675,201
4.47
a
Iowa 
149,433,423
678,1X2
4.54
a
191,478,842
462,321
2.41
Kansas 
16,088,602
107,615
6.69
Rhodo Island....
83,778,201
175,445
2.09
"
By this table it will be seen that Rhode Island
pays a less ratio than any other State, being but
a trifle over two mills. It will be seen that Illi-
nois, Michigan, Wisconsin, and Kansas, pay a
ratio of from five to six mills—one of them more
than six mills even—while Vermont, Massachu-
setts, Connecticut, and Rhode Island, pay a ratio
of but a little over two nnlls.
/These are facts; and 1 appeal to the Reprcsent-
■/ atives of the people, I appeal to patriotic New
i England, whether, in the present condition of
affairs, she is willing thus to impose this heavy
! tax upon the new agricultural States in the West ?
" The wealth of the country is in the East—in
New England, in the great Empire State of New
York, and in the great Keystone State of Penn-
sylvania; and yet by this bill, there, where the
wealth is, the burden of taxation is made to fall
lightest.
But the gross injustice in the apportionment of
taxes by this bill is still greater than already
shown. The table does not include the valuation
of personal property. The great proportion of
the personal property is in the East. An inquiry
into all the facts.will show to a much larger ex-
tent that the greater proportion of this direct tax
comes from that portion of the Republic leastable
to pay it.
Now, sir, it is a matter of general riotoiiety
that all the western Status, and particularly the
State of Illinois, have suffered severely in their
pecuniary affairs in consoquence of the deprecia-
tion of their currency, growing out of the action
of the seceding States. Illinois alone in the last
four months has not lost less than $3,000,000 in
consequence of the depreciation of the value of
the bonds of the rebel States in the market, in
consequence of secession. The bank issues of
my State, based on these stocks, have indeed be-
come almost worthless; and these taxes, now
about to be imposed, will therefore fall with
peculiar hardship upon the people of that State.
But, sir, notwithstanding all these facts, if it
shall be the pleasure of this House and of the
Senate to impose the tax which the bill provides
for, severe as it is, Illinois will try to pay it. Your
tax gatherers may go there and take all that she
has; she will give it freely, ungrudgingly.
I have, sir, with the greatest reluctance, felt
compelled to oppose so much of this bill as im-
poses the direct tax, so unjustly apportioned.
Representing a district which has furnished as
many, if not more, men for this war than ally
other, 1 am conscious of representing a people
who will not stop to count the cost in subduing
these barbarous rebels; a people who will pay
cheerfully, to the full measure of their ability, to
support the Government and pay those soldiers
But I appeal to the justice of this House whether
it is not better to lay this tax in such a way as
will be equitable, fair, and just, such as shall in-
clude all the property of the people, and in such
a Way as shall not fall so severely upon the new
agricultural States of the West?
I am aware that I shall be met by the interposi-
tion of a supposed constitutional difficulty. That
difficulty, sir, does not exist, in my mind. I be-
lieve it can be obviated by a change in this bill.
But, sir, if it cannot, then it is better, it seems to
me, to adopt the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Colfax,] and call in the
money which has been distributed among the
several States. Will it not be better to adopt such
a measure, and so modify the tariff as to produce
all the revenue possible, in preference to imposing
the severe burdens which this bill imposes upon
the people in the West, struggling as they are
under the unusual and severe embarrassments that
now oppress them ?
1 hope, therefore, Mr. Speaker, that, in view
of the unjust apportionment which this bill makes,
the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Colfax] will prevail; and that whatever
tax may be necessary will be'so adjusted as to
fall equally and fairly on all the property of all
portions of the country. Such a tax the people
will pay without a murmur.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, if
it be important to give stability and certainty to
our national credit, it is vastly important that we
should establish and fix it upon the surest and
firmest basis that we have. For one, I am satis-
fied that no scheme of taxation will be exactly
just or exactly equal. I am satisfied that will not
bo. I am satisfied that no scheme that has been
presented, or will be presented, will produce that
result. But, sir, we are in a time of war, acting
under a condition of things and circumstances that
surround us, which requires us to place the credit
of the country upon a rock; and that rock in
America is real estate—the landed estate of the
country. For that reason I have been, since the
commcncemcnt of this debate, willing to place the
faith that we pledge to the moneyed interest of
the country, and base it upon the real estate of
the country. And when it is placed there, capi-
talists will recognize such security as abundant,
and furnish to the Government means necessary
to its wants; and I am not prepared to stand here
and question or quibble about the exact propor-
tion the States should pay, when 1 am satisfied
that the perpetuity of our Government and the
hope of free Government in the world depend
upon the vigorous prosecution of this war against
rebellion, and which cannot be done without
financial means. I am satisfied that the West will
pay more than its proportion. We arc an agri-
cultural people, and our wealth mainly consists
of real estate and the improvements thereon; but
we arc willing to pay all that we have, all that we
can pay, to exhaust the last man and the last dol-
lar in our contributions for sustaining this Gov-,
eminent, and carrying on this war to a success-
ful and speedy termination, and to crush out
this most wicked and unprovoked rebellion now
abroad in the land.
But it is said that we will pay more than our
neighbors in the East. Of that 1 have no doubt.
We will do that, and we may as well face the
music right here as anywhere else. From our ex-
istence as States we have always been tributary
to the East, and we expect to be so until the young
lion of the West shall rise in its strength and go
forth upon the field of political power of the coun-
try, and assume that equality of position in the
Government to which we are entitled. I desire
that we shall then set to work to adjust these
questions of equality when we arc in a time of
peace. But, sir, the country has unsheathed its
sword; and, sir, the West, with the North, the
East, and the great center, is ready to come up
and give its last dollar, irrespective of whether
some community shall, by reason of unequal
taxes, pay more than its pioportion in this great
emergency.
I am not satisfied with the details of this bill;
but, sir, I am satisfied that the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Colfax] is of ques-
tionable expediency. It is placing our national
moneyed operations upon an uncertain basis—
uncertain in its ability to procure the means ne-
cessary to carry on the war. And because it is
uncertain, I am opposed to it. I would much
rather place it, unjust though it may be to my
State, upon that great national mtei est, the basisi
of all wealth—real estate—which never has failed
and never will fail.
I say, Mr. Speaker, that although such a meas-
ure may bear hardly upon my constituents, I, for
them, am willing to pledge all of them—whether
capital other than realty pays its proportion or
not—to pay whatever is required, to their last
dollar, for carrying on this war, rather than that
this glorious Government should be rent in twain
and scattered to the winds by the foul hands of
the seditious South, who are in rebellion against
the Constitution and the laws. Holding this posi-
tion, I am opposed, then, to the questionable pol-
icy introduced this morning by the gentleman
from Indiana. Mr. Speaker, thereis safety against
the injustice which gentlemen fear from the op-
eration of the bill reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means, and that is in the provision
that the State may assume to act through its own
organization and in its own way of levying taxes
and collecting revenue. It may assume its justpro-
portion, and collect it upon its own property, and
upon all of its property, as justly aad equally as
may be. It has the power to do that under this
bill, and to pay its proportion thus collected into
the Federal Treasury. This is a safeguard well
provided against evil complained of. If any State
will not voluntarily come up, and in the best pos-
sible way contribute its proportion of the means
necessary for the prosecution of this war, then it
is properly provided that the thumbscrew of the
General Go vernment shall be applied. If the States
do not act in good faith, by sending money to the
Federal Treasury, as well as men to the tented
field, they act, in my judgment, in quasi sympa-
thy with tile secession movemeut. The State, sir,
that hesitates upon the threshold of the battle-
field, in reference to its exact proportion of con-
tribution to the wants of the Government, is itself
leaning toward the cause of the secessionists.
This bill, Mr. Speaker, though not precisely
just and equitable, is perhaps the best that we can
get at this moment. It provides that the States
may take the matter into their own hands, mak-
ing an assessment and collection upon all prop-
erty, real estate as well as personal property.
For one, therefore, I shall vote against the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Col-
fax,] and for the bill as reported this morning
from the Committee of Ways and Means. I have
given the reasons for my action, and I think that
my constituency will sustain me in my present
position.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKL1NG. Mr. Speaker, I
am one of those who voted against sustaining the
demand for the previous question on the substi-
tute brought forward to-day by the Ways and
Means Committee. I did so because I desired,
in the first place, that the gentleman from Indiana,
and every other gentleman with a proposition,
should be permitted to submit it; and, in the sec-
ond place, for the reason that I am inclined to
think in all cases—certainly in case of a bill in-
volving so much complication and moment as this
—that a mode less summary and more deliberate
is to be preferred to that proposed this morning
in the case of this measure.
But, sir, 1 cannot coincide with my friend on
my right, who thinks that the instructions he
proposes to give to the Committee of Ways and
Means would be beneficial or conducivc to the
end wo both have in view. So far as the surplus
revenues are concerned, it is true that it seems
about nineteen million dollars in amount is in the
hands of the loyal States; it may be true—I think
it is—that being called upon to refund it, they
would respond, and promptly respond, and that
the amount would be realized.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by his Private
Secretary, Mr. Nicolay; also a message notify-
ing the House that the President had approved
and signed bills of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 20) to provide for the sup-
pression of rebellion against, and resistance to,
the laws of the United States; and to amend the
act entitled " An act to provide for calling forth
the militia to execute the laws of the Union,"
passed February 28, 1795; and
An act (H. R. No. 73) to'authorize the issue
ofja register to the steamer Estella.
ADDITIONAL REVENUE BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, I
was about to say that the recommendation which
undoubtedly weighed with the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. CoLrAx] in favor of his proposition
touching the surplus revenues, is, that it would
submit to every State the wide alternative in any
way, either by borrowing or by taxation, or partly
by borrowing and partly by taxation, to make up
the amount of its quota of the required sum. Now
that is indeed a great recommendation; but I de-
