1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SM
sire to submit to the House that, in the bill before
lis as it has been-now modified, the same end has
been substantially attained. And why? Because
the bill docs present to every State (not, I observe,
to every Territory, which may be an oversight)
the alternative and permission to do whatever it
may choose to do in raising the amount of its share
of this surplus revenue, or of the tax as the case
may be. Therefore it seems to me that the objec-
tion based upon the mode of procuring the money
is obviated by this change in the bill. In the
second place, according to my recollection of the
date when this surplus revenue was distiibuted,
eight, perhaps nine, States since that time have
been added to the Confederacy, so that, however
the equipoise and proportion as to the oldcrStates
might be preserved, the newer States would bo
released entirely from all contribution to the sum
needed now. This would surely not be just, for
these two reasons, without stopping to assign any
other. I think the suggestion in regard to the
surplus revenue presents a distinction without
much of tangible difference.
The second branch of the instructions proposed
by the gentleman from Indiana contemplates a
revision or modification of the tariff. Now, sir,
if the distinguished chairman of the Ways and
Means will allow me fully to agree with him once
in reference to this bill, I desire most cordially
to concur in what he said, on Saturday, of the
evil with which an extensive change, a constant
change, of the tariff would uflliet us. I believe
myself that certainty, more even than philosophy,
is often important in laws; and I believe that
nothing with regard to the tariff system of the
country is so injuiious as a dubious, hesitating,
apprehensive feeling in the public mind, arising
from a conviction that we lack legislative stabil-
ity; that the quicksands of partisan politics and
individual caprice are the foundation underlying
the financial policy of the country. Transition,
never ending, perplexes men with the thought
that if they invest their money at night upon one
state of facts and prospects, they may get up in
the morning and find everything changed, or about
to be changed, or some one proposing a general
modification; I say, I behove tlmt unything us
better than that; and therefore I believe now,
whether the present tariff was, or was not, when
it was passed, is or is not, as it will be now, with
the free list cut down,the best that o.ouk! be made,
it is preferable to a change; infinitely preferable
to the risk of sowing broadcast over the land the
uncertainty, doubt, and trepidation, which would
arise from the idea that extensive changes aie to
be lightly or constantly made. If the reasons
which I have assigned or alluded to are sufficient
to justify me m voting against th" proposed in-
structions, they are sufficient to justify me in
giving my support to this bill—this bill as it has
been altered now.
As I understand the general condition of our
allairs—if 1 may spend a single moment m ieca-
pitnhting—the Secretary of the Treasury esti-
mates, that for the expense this >0-0 heiequnes
^y0,000,(}00. He estimates that he will n aliv.e
fiom revenues, from customs, public lands, and
miscellaneous sources, ^60,000,000, leaving .1 de-
ficit of ^>0,000,000. This deficit, when made up,
will, with the $60,000,000 already referred to,
carry on the Government for the year, pay the
mtes est, 011 the $90,000,000 of public debt, furnysh
$5,000,000 to go to the sinking fund, and piovide
the unascertained sum, whatever j! may be—I
will say nine, or ten million dollars—icquired to
pa)' the mtciePt upon loans which are being ne-
gotiated and loans in fuluro habl" to fall within
this year. In some way 01 oiher, to bonow the
expiessuon of some gentleman, we must bridge
this gap. I appreciate, 1 hop", as well as my
learned friend from Ohio, [Mr. Btvgham,] who on
Saturday treated the House to a\ery animated
dissertation on oui financial dunes—1 appreciate,!
believe, as well as he does, the necessity of pre-
serving the public ciedit. I hope I am as icady
to preserve it as any man. Is there a gentleman
here who dare assume to bo chief mourner over
the calamities of his country? Is there one claim-
ing to desire more than others to maintain the
Republic, and restore its prosperity? if there is,
in the language of the gieat master, " I will fight
with him upon tins theme until my eyelids will
no longer wag."
No, sir, we are all peers in this. I believe
every gentleman in this House understands that
war is not a question of valor, but a question of
money; that it is not regulated by the laws of
honor, but by the laws of trade. I understand
the practical problem to be solved in crushing
the rebellion of despotism against representative
government is, who can throw the most project-
iles? who can afford the most iron or lead? who,
by mastership in managing finance, shall attain
supremacy in the great grapple for the mastery
going on to-day upon this continent? I believe
the subject of money and credit is almost as broad
as the ultimate question it.self; and surely that is
a mighty question—no less a question than the
destiny of an empire, the preservation or parti-
tion of a continent, the perpetuation or extinc-
tion of a nationality incontestably the greatest in
the future the world has ever seen. The facts
admonish us that we are to stand up like men in
voting money, which is only another name for
troops and all the other elements of civil and mil-
itary power; that we are hew to the line no mat-
ter where the chips fly. For one, I am entirely
disposed to do it. I was disposed to do it at the
threshold of this discussion, but there came hero
a bill which proposed to lay an annual tax of
$50,000,000 upon the people of the country, and
proposed, for the purpose of doing it, to give
birth, at one litter, to no fewer than twenty-five
thousand officeholders; to create in my own State
officeholders not fewer, according to my compu-
tation, than three thousand five hundred—a bill
which 1 believe has no parallel in parliamentary
history; no, sir, not in the halcyon days of Kast
Indian bills; not in the days of Warren Hast-
ings or Lord Clivo. 1 believed all this unneces-
sary, and I took the liberty of saying so, with-
out intending to become a conspirator against the
credit of my country, or to be stingy 111 main-
taining it.
And I will fake leave to stop here and say, that
whatever else 1 may do, 1 will notsland upon this
floor speaking, as the old man eloquent once said,
"that the nation may hear," because the hum-
blest of us should iemember that the lightnings
ofhea\eu flash what we say from one side of this
continent to the other—yes, sir, from its center to
lis circumference.
Mr. BINGHAM. Inasmuch as the gentleman
has seen fit to refer to me once, and seems to ad-
dress his very direct remark about being called a
conspirator upon this floor to me, I wish the gen-
tleman to understand that I have said nothing
whuJi, by any fair intendment, will bear any such
construction as ho has put upon it.
Mr. IIOSCOK CONKLING. 1 accept the sug-
gestion of my friend, and very likely I, precisely
like my fnend, in the heat of this discussion
my do use of a phrase of higher color than was
just to the occasion.
Mr. BUNG HAM. I will inform the gentleman
that no heated phrase was used by me.
Mr. ROHCOE CONKLING. Will my friend
. hear what I was saying ? If he had, he would not
; have (Uiswert d me with so much animation and,
perhaps, aspejity. I was just reconsidering what
I said, and was adding that peihaps T had fallen
into ihe error into winch, 1 think', my friend fell
; the other day, in some slight degr ■<_ , of making
, use of language exceedingly warm for the cold
1 subject we are discussing.
Now, 1 was *oing to say that, although I should
j be glad to emulate a hundred things m the case
I of the gentleman from Ohio, 1 shall take care and
j not imitate bun by standing upon this floor, and
| gazetting the assertion that this Government, in
! its financial system, is at least in a swoon, if it is
not really -hi arhculo mortis. I do not believe any
such tiling, and if I did believe it, I should not
say it here; and I certainly should not say it as
an argument intended to arraign any gentlemen
who are standing here m good faith to see to it
that they select from all the propositions presented
that one which involves the greatest good to the
greatest number, and the most of it, and docs the
least possible injury. I believe that any member
of this House, whether it be in reference to this
tax bill, or any bill, who is honestly devoting
his capabilities to choosing most wisely between
alternatives, is not justly subject to the line of
comment or advice which fell on Saturday from
the lips of the distinguished gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg leave to assure the
: gentleman that I gave liim no advice at all, and I
will take none from him.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I cannot afford
to stop on this occasion to give thcgentleman any
advice, even if he would take it; and if he will
give me none any more, it will be my loss, as I
have often profited by his counsel, and should be
glad to do so again.
But I have wandered from what I intended to
say. • I was going to remark that this bill came
here the other day with the obnoxious feature I
have suggested. It went back to the committee,
and they have divested it of that feature; and di-
vested it, 1 may be permitted to say, by adopting
the very suggestion J endeavored to make to the
committee in the amendment I sent up, and in the
remarks with winch 1 accompanied it. They *
have obviated the objection by submitting to the
States the perfectly fair and constitutional alter-
native of raising their respective quotas them-
selves, in their own way, by their own officers
and laws, orelse having them collected by the ma-
chinery of the General Government. That is all
that could be naked upon that point; and I think
it improves the bill by removing the most obnox-
ious feature in it.
The committee has done another thing: the
bill, in the first place, came.in with a profession
of distributing and dispersing the burden it
created; it laid a tax of $30,000,000 upon land,
and then, as the bill road, as if to distribute the
$20,000,000 somewhere else, it laid'that not at all
upon land in teims, and yet it did lay it largely
upon land; because, when it taxed domestic spir-
its by way of imposts, and when it laid an impost
upon stills, although I know the biewers and the
distillers were the middle men, still the burden
fell upon the farmers, and thus the weight was
•accumulated and aggravated, instead of being fairly
equalized and distributed. That provision has
been modified. It has been modified in two re-
spects: first, by diminishing the direct tax; and
secondly, by bringing in and subjecting to taxa-
tion a vast variety of things in which farmers
especially and exclusively have 110 interest. I
say farmers, I mean landholders. The bill mod-
ified m these two respects, and assuming, as I do,
that something is indispensably necessary to place
the credit of the Government upon a sure found-
ation, I feel, for one, no security, I see 110 hope
that we shall be able to substitute for this measure,
at this stage of this session,anything better; and
therefore, although a great many points might;
yet befound in which it could he improved, I am
willing to pass it, trusting the Senate to scrutinize
it as far as they can, and trusting to experience
to enable us to prune it, perfect it, and render it
symmetrical, if in any icspect it is wrong.
I have thought, Mr. Speaker, inasmuch as I
have been one of those somewhat active in en-
deavoring to acquaint myself with the merits
of this bill as it was, and somewhat active in a
humble way in endeavoring to bring its demerits
to the attention of the House, that it might be just
to the subject, and due to myself, that before
voting for the substitute, as I shall, I should state
briefly, us I have endeavored to do, the consid-
erations now moving me to that course.
Mr. BINGHAM. Nothing could gratify me
more than to know that this bill, as now reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means, will re-
ceive thecoidial supportof the distinguished gen-
tleman fiom New Yoik; afid nothing could sur-
prise me more than that the gentleman from New
Yoik—so able to discuss any measure that may
come before this House, "and to give his own
reasons for supporting it or opposing it—should
nevertheless, after sleeping upon ^he matter for
two nights, be capable ofdepartingfrom the legiti-
mate discussion of the bill, and raise an issue
with me about remarks I made, in which he was
in nowise involved at all. That the gentleman
was instigated, in the language of the old common
law, to do this thing "by the instigation" of a
certain gentleman that is not supposed to have
ordinary associations and communications with
honorable gentlemen, I will not say, but never-
theless, that is the course the gentleman has seen
fit to pursue.
Now, 1 say I agree with all the gentleman has
said in support and approval of the bill reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means; and I
suppose he will not hold mc up to the world as
giving advice to the committee or to the House,
