THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 30,
Mr. COYODE stated that Mr. Patton was
detained at home, in Pennsylvania, by sickness.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had disagreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the bill (S. No. 3)
providing for the better organization of the mili-
tary establishment, and asked for further confer-
ence.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the reports
of the committees of conference on Senate bills
Nos. 31 and 20.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the amend-
ments of the House to Senate bill No. 24; and
had agreed, with amendments, to the amendments
of the House to Senate bill No. 41.
MILITARY ESTABLISHMENT i
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. There is a message
just received from-the Senate, announcing that the
Senate has disagreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on Senate bill (No. 3) pro-
viding for the better organization of the military
establishment, and asking for a further confer-
ence. I move that the House insist on its amend-
ments, and consent to a further conference.
The motion Was agi'eed to.
MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. OLIN. I ask leave to report, from the
Committee on Military Affairs, a bill to increase
the number of cadets in the Military Academy of
"West Point, and for other purposes.
Mr. BURNETT. I should like to hear the
provisions of that bill.
The bill was read. It provides that there shall
be added to the corps of cadets in the Military
Academy at West Point, a number equal to the
number of Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress, to be selected from States on the recom-
mendation of Senators and Representatives, as
prescribed by former laws; provided that when
districts neglect or refuse to send Representatives
to Congress, the President shall have power to fill
vacancies in the corps of cadets, corresponding
to the representation in such districts.
The second scction provides that all cadets now
in service, or that may hereafter be appointed,
shall be called upon to take and subscilbe an oath
to support the Constitution of the United States,
boar true allegiance to the national Government,
maintain and defend the sovereignty of the Uni-
ted States paramount to any and all allegiance,
sovereignty, or fealty, that they might owe to any
State, county, or country whatsoever; and that
they will obey at all times the legal orders of their
superior officers, and the rules and articles gov-
erning the Army of the United States. And any
cadet or candidate for admission who shall refuse
to take such oath shall be dismissed or rejected
from the service.
The third scction provides that any graduate
of the United States Military Academy at West
Point who shall at any time hereafter take up
arms against the United States shall be deemed
guilty of desertion, and on conviction by court-
martial shall suffer death. It also provides that
all persons entering the military or naval service
of the United States shall take and subscribe an
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States, bear true allegiance to the national Gov-
ernment, maintain anu defend the sovereignty of
the United States paramount to all allegiance,
sovereignty, or fealty to any State or country
whatever, and obey, at all times, the legal orders
of superior officers, and the rules and articles
governing the Army and Navy of the United
States.
The fourth section provides that when cadets
are found deficient in their studies or duties they
shall be dismissed, unless otherwise recommended
by the academic board.
Mr. BURNETT. That bill is defective in
many particulars. I object to its introduction.
Mr. OLIN. I move to suspend tjie rules.
Mr. BURNETT. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
thereupon (at ten minutes before four o'clock, p.
m.) adjourned *
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 30,1861. *
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and appro ved.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Hale, Mr. Johnson of Tennessee, and Mr.
Grimes, the select committee to inquire into the
abandonment and destruction of the public'prop-
erty at the navy-yards at Pensacola and Norfolk,
and the armory at Harper's Peitf-y, under the res-
olution of the 25th instant.
ENROLLED BILL SIONED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bill, which yesterday received the
signature of the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives:
A bill (S. No. 38) making an appropriation to
pay the expenses of .transporting and delivering
arms and munitions of war to the loyal citizens
of the States of which the inhabitants now are,
or hereafter may be, in rebellion against the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and to provide for
the expense of organizing them into companies,
battalions, regiments, or otherwise, for their own
protection against domestic violence, insurrection,
invasion or rebellion,
DISTRIBUTION OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. RICE. I have a resolution to offer; and
if there no objection, I should like to have it con-
sidered at the' present time:
Resolved, That tlie extra public documents in the pos-
session of, or ordered by the .Senate, be distributed equally
among the Senators from the States represented in the
Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to inquire what
is meant by the word " extra?"
Mr. RICE. There is a large number of doc-
uments that did belong to the Senators who have
left the Senate in consequence of their States
having sccedcd. I thought it would be better to
have them distributed among the Senators now
present.
Mr. COLLAMER." I did not know but that
the gentleman meant to include those belonging
to several of us, which we have not distributed.
Mr. RICE. Not at all.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the word "extra" can
be understood in that sense to mean the books of
those who have absented themselves, I have no
objection.
Mr. RICE. I have a largo number of docu-
ments here that I do not consider " extra." They
are mine.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope the resolution will
not pass. I expect that every State is to be rep-
resented on this floor by Senators; perhaps not
this summer, perhaps not next Winter; but it will
be in the course of a year or two. Let them,
when they come, distribute the documents belong-
ing to their States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion lies over, objection being made.
Mr. BAYARI). If it is order, I move to refer
it to the Committee on the Library.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There being
objection to the consideration of the resolution,
it lies over, and is not subject to any motion.
PRINTING 01? SEW LAWS.
Mr. WILSON submitted tlm following resolu-
tion; which was referred to Be Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That tliere be printed, for the use of the Sen-
ate, two thousand extra copies each of the act appioved ttie
22d of July, 18G1, authouzing the employment of volun-
teer*, &c.; the aet approved the 26th of Jutv, ISfil. m ad-
dition thereto; the act increasing the Army; and the aet
for the better organization of the military establishment.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 5) lor the organization of
a volunteer niitina foree, 10 be called the National Guaul
ol the United States, be printed.
REPORT OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 78) to amend an act entitled " An act supple-
mentary to the act entitled ' An act providing for
a naval peace establishment, and for other pur-
poses,'" passed March 27, 1804, reported it with
a recommendation that it be postponed to the first
Monday in December next; which was agreed to.
' APPROVAL OF PRESIDENTIAL ACTS.
r/i WILSON, Ifthere is 110 special business
before the Senate, I ask that the joint resolution
approving and legalizing the acts of the President
be taken up for the purpose of taking a vote upon
the resolution at this time.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(S. No. 1) to approve and confirm certain acts of
the President of the United States, for suppress-
ing insurrection and rebellion.
Mr. BAYARD. Is it in order to move any
amendment?
The PRESIDENT jn-o tempore. The question
being on the passage of the resolution, it is beyond
the reach of amendment. On this question the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, before the vote
is taken, I desire to say to the Senate that it had
been my purpose from an early day of the session
to address them at length on the subject of this
resolution. But I have found myselfln a condi- .
tion of health that has made me physically in-
capable of doing so, and I am under medical di-
rection to avoid the excitement of public speaking.
Nevertheless, I am not willing, sir, that ray vote
shall be given upon this resolution without saying
a very few words to explain the position which I
occupy.
Mr. President, I am one of those who, from
the commencement of this controversy, lamented
the progress of that antagonism of sections which
seemed to me from the beginning to promise the
calamities which have since gathered around us.
I was most sincerely anxious, not only that the
dissolution of the Union should not be the result,
either of the political condition of the two sec-
tions of the country, or of any other conceivable
state of things; but I looked upon it as the most
important interest of my State, of all others, that
the Union should be maintained in its integrity.
A small State, situated in the very heart of the
Union; penetrated by its great bay and its afflu-
ents, so as to be accessible at all times to those
whose maritime poweroommands the sea; border-
ing upon one of the most powerful free States of
this Union, and within a very short distance from
another, the most powerful of all the States in the
Union; deeply interested in her trade with several
southern States which seemed to be likely to be
cut off from the residuary States; largely inter-
ested, too, in trade with Pennsylvania, with Rhode
Island, and with other of the northern States; it
was impossible to conceive a condition of things
which could be more disastrous to the State of
Maryland than the dissolution of the Union.
Sir, if there had been no patriotism in Mary-
land; if there had been no cherished recollections
of the glories of the past; of that glorious Revo-
lution, in which we, small in population and lim-
ited in territorial extent as we were, had borne a
not inglorious part; if there had been no attach-
ment to that flag which we had so long been
proud to hail as the common standard of the coun-
try, still our interests were such as bound us in-
evitably to the cause of the Union. We did not
believe in the right of peaceful, constitutional
secession. We saw no mode of separation from
the Union other than revolution; and we were not
sensible of any grievances so intolerable as to ab-
solve us from our allegiance, and require us to
make, or justify us in making, a revolution, wit"h
all its uncertainties and dangers and the probable
or possible consequences, involving not merely
our future relations, but our peace, security, pros-
perity, and happiness for all time. 1 have not
changed a jot of these opinions and feelings from
that day to this; and it is the prevailing sentiment
in my State now—now, when that State has felt
peculiar evils growing out of the existing con-
dition of things, and has suffered in violation of
private and public rights as no other State has.
Though in the Union; though loyal to a large de-
gree; though represented in the other House of
Congress exclusively by men who are Union
men, who have been elected as such by enormous
and unprecedented majorities; though still firm
in these convictions and in this attachment, my
State has been subjected to what we conceive
to be positive, arbitrary, causeless, and wanton
oppressions.
Now, sir, while I have not changed these sen-
timents of Union; while I desire, if possible,
that the Union may be preserved in the face of
all the probabilities which I confess seem to he
against it, I am not willine that a course of pio-
