1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cedure shall be adopted in Maryland, which I do
not believe to be sanctioned by the Constitution,
but at variance with the plain principles of the
Constitution, and with the essential rights of
republican liberty.
The suspension of the privilege of the habeas
corpus by executive authority is a violation of the
principles of public freedom which have been
consecrated for centuries. These principles were
dear to our Anglo-Saxon*forefathers before the
the period of Magna Charta* From the days of
Magna Charta, which, seeking to restore ancient
rights, provided th&t no freeman should be taken or
imprisoned without the (awful judgment of his peers,
or the law of the land, down to the declaration of
our independence, that principle has been dear
to the freemen of England and America. From
Magna Charta, about the year 1200, down to the
revolution of 1668, there was a constant struggle
between the people and the Crown for the pres-
ervation of this privilege, the only one which
guaranties personal freedom anywhere—the free-
dom from being arrested and imprisoned, except
by lawful process. Without this guarantee, no
Government can be callcd free; no people can feel
that sense of security which is indispensable to true
liberty; and all the boast of constitutional bar-
riers to despotism are utterly idle and vain.
I will not undertake to describe the struggles
between the people and the monarch throughout
that long period. We know that the power of
arbitrary imprisonment was an enormous engine
of oppression, and was most tyrannously used?
The Commons of England resisted it in all its
phases; and at last, even in the time of the des-
potic Stuarts, succeeded in restraining the execu-
tive authority and snatching from it this preteuded
power to arrest upon the King's command with-
out process of law.
In the time of Charles I, the Petition of Right,
accepted and signed by the King whtyi the people
of England were led by an assembly of states-
men, declared these arbitrary imprisonments to
be illegal, and thus secured, as was supposed, a
return to tlte great rule of Magna Charta.
We know, too, sir, how royal power, with
judicial minions depending upon its pleasure, con-
trived to avoid, evade, or delay the operation of
that rule. De Lolme tells us that the ease of an
obscure individual in the reign o*f Charles II led
to another successful struggle between the Com-
mons and the Crown. One Jenlcs, a plain citi-
zen, was charged with uttering mutinous language
at a meeting in Guildhall, where he had moved a
petition to the King for a new Parliament. For
this he was illegally committed by order of the
privy council, and detained for two months.
This violation of Anglo-Saxon right stimulated
that noble struggle of the people which resulted,
in the thirty-first year of Charles II, in the pas-
sage of the habeas corpus act, which defined the
right of the citizen to judicial relief from illegal
imprisonment, made the duty of the judge imper-
ative, and imposed a heavy pecuniary penalty upon
him for denying it. This act only sought to se-
cure the rights of the citizen which honest judges,
even before the judicial tenure was made inde-
pendent of royal authority, had affirmed. It
was in the reign of Henry VI that an English
judge, when asked if it was not lawful for one
to arrest a party upon the command of the King,
said "No; if l were to arrest a man even m the
presence of the King and by his command, noth-
ing could save me from the action of false im-
prisonment which the party would have against
me."
Then, sir, the declaration of rights and the bill
of rights, in the time of William III, consecrated
this principle; and the independence of the judi-
ciary made it impregnable; and from that day to
tins, never has there been in England a suspen-
sion of the privilege of habeas corpus, except by
the voice of Parliament, whose omnipotence com-
passes everything done by legislative authority.
There have been many occasions when it has
been deemed necessary in Great Britain to sus-
pend the privilege of the habeas corpus. It was
suspended during the time of William III, and of
Anne, a period of great intrigue, when the valid-
ity of the settlement of the Crown, at the revolu-
tion, was vehemently disputed; during the reign
of the Georges, when the Scotts' rebellion' of 1715
and 1745 took place; during a portion of the
stormy-periods of the French revolution; m Ire-
land during the great rebellion of 1798; and upon
the occasion of the great riots which followed the
peac^ of 1815; and its last suspension, I believe,
was m Ireland in 1848, during what was called
Smith O'Brien's rebellion.
It is well to observe how the English nation,
attached as they are to the form of monarchy, hut
great and glorious in maintaining their freedom
against executive authority at all times and against
all odds, have preserved that principle; and when
Parliament has suspended the privilege of habeas
corpus, how carefully the law has been guarded.
In passing la\vs for this purpose they have always
limited the time during which the parties arrested
for highly treasonable practices, or suspicion of
them, may be detained without bail or mainprize;
and in the bill passed in 1848, during the last Irish
rebellion, the y went further, and required that
such detentions must be of persons taken on war-
rants signed by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland,
or-by six counselors of the privy council, or their
chief secretary, They require, fuither,as a guard
for the liberty of the subject, that a copy of the
warrant thus to be issued shall be transmitted to
the clerk of the Crown for Dublin, and filed by
him in the office of the pleas of the Crown in and
for the city of Dublin. They do not intrust to
inferior military officers, even in times of rebel-
lion, this discretion, so liable to abuse, for they
know and acknowledge that if this inestimable
privilege is liable to be suspended by the will of
one individual, it is subject, of course, to the
caprice, the passion, the malignity, and folly of
the party, whosoever he may be. IIow much
moic is it liable to these influences—unjust, un-
holy, and infamous—when it may be exercised
by a subordinate officer, no one knows who, for
an indefinite period, and without any public evi-
dence of the order under which the odious arrest
and imprisonment maybe effected, as seems to
be the case with us in this land of republican free-
dom and written Constitution, ordained for the pur-
pose, among others, of securing the blessings of
liberty to the people of the United States and their
posterity.
Sir, in my own State of Maryland, where this
privilege has been suspended, I cannot, in most
instances, trace the order of arrest to any act of
the President, or of General Scott, or of General
Banks, or of any superior officer. I have, in some
cases, where the parties were men of peculiar
position, traced it to General Banks, or his pred-
ecessor; but in general we cannot trace it. A
major of New York militia, in one case, whose
name I do not remember, and probably shall never
hear again; some person even of less authority—
a captain of militia, in one instance, from some
other State—has arrested a party; and these ar-
rests have been made, not upon any lawful assign-
able cause; not by any warrantfor which the party
may be held thereafter responsible; not by the
ordinary superior military authority, nor upon
any suggestion that authorized the suspicion that
the party was guilty of practices treasonable in
their nature or dangerous to the Government, but,
as I believe most firmly, upon intimations con-
veyed by base and unprincipled men, who, to
gratify private malignity and personal or political
hostility, have rendered persons far more respect-
able than themselves, and quite as loyal too, the
victims of this tyrannous oppression. What is
tyranny, sir, if we may not thus designate injust-
ice practiced upon men, whether communities or
individuals, by illegal and irresponsible authority r
That is the very highest and the very worst tyr-
anny, in my judgment; and it is that for which I
object to the suspension of the habeas corpus by
executive authority at this time.
Mr. President, we thought when we were adopt-
ing our Declaration of Independence, that we were
preserving all the principles of Anglo-Saxon lib-
erty. It was because of the violation of those
principles that we entered into the controversy
with our mother country, ^bne of the causes of
complaint against George III in the Declaration of
Independence was, that he had affected to render
the military independent ofand superior to the civil
authority; and when we adopted the Constitution
of the United States, if was no new thing with us
to declare that the privilege of the writ of habeas
corpus should not be suspended, except when in
cases of rebellion or invasion the public safety
should require U; and it wasnota new thing with
II us that that privilege, thus authorized to besus-
p^nded in certain limited casfes, was, to be
pended only by legislative authority. ' The Con-
stitution, when it declares that the privilege ofthe
writ of habeas corpus shall not be suspended ex-
cept when in cases of rebellion or invasion the
public safety may require it, does not describe
the sort of writ which is meant, because it was
well known that every intelligent freeman under-
stood only that one writ of habeas corpus, which
was intended for the protection of tne personal
liberty of the subject or citizen. The Attorney
General, in an opinion which I sec he has given
to the President, asks the question, which ofie of
the many writs of habeas corpus it was? as if any
intelligent man, as if he himself, ever doubted
which it was. Who supposed that the privilege
alluded to in the Constitution meant the habeas
corpus ad respondendum, or the habeas corpus ad
testificandum, or any of the others, which are not
worth a button now, being superseded by other
processes? Whoeverdreamed,whatlawyer,what
commentator, what intelligent politician, what
statesman, ever dreamed that any other habeas
cor])us was intended by that clause of the Con-
stitution, than the habeas coiyus ad subjiciendum,
which is the only remedy for freemen against
tyranny and oppression, let it come from'indi-
viduals out of power or individuals in power?
Our fathers, in the amendments to the Consti-
tution, guarded against the very possibility of
any abuse of this sort, as they supposed, when
they declared, in the fifth amendment to the ar-
ticles of the Constitution, that no man should be
deprived of his liberty without due process of law.
When they put into the Constitution the provis-
ion in regard to the habeas corpus, they did so with
the full knowledge of what it was in England at
the time when our sturdy ancestors settled in
America, and what it was in all the States of the
Union when the Constitution was made. They
knew that it was the great bulwark of personal
liberty there and here—the right of rights, as the
Senator from Kentucky pioperly called it. A writ
of right it is, and a right of rights it is,and with-
out it we have no rights; and its violation by ex-
ecutive authority is just as much to be tolerated
as a violation of any other constitutional princi-
ple, no matter how vital and how sacred it may
be, if anything can be considered more sacred to
freemen than personal liberty.
Besides,"sir, the Constitution, while it recog-
nizes the right of every freeman in the United
States to the writof habeas corpus for relief against
imprisonment, for deprivation of personal liberty
by any restraint upon it, does not provide the
machinery by which that writ shall he carried into
operation. It left that to Congress; and Congress
very properly, with a full understanding of the
subject, at its first session, I believe, passed the
habeas corpus act, by which jurisdiction was given
to the courts of the United States, on that subject;
and the Supreme Court of the United States have
said that we must look to the common law for the
construction of it. The right is therefore both a
constitutional one and a statutory one. Shall I
be told that a statutory right can be taken away
except by a statute? "Who has the right to take
away, cither permanently or temporarily, the au-
thority of the courts upon that subject? It is le-
gislative in its character, and it'must be by legis-
lation that it shall be repealed, and by legislation
that it shall be suspended, if at all. Suspension
of a law is but a temporary repeal of it. It is
therefore legislative in its character, and cannot
be referred to the power of the Executive, with-
out confounding these powers of government,
which it was our special object to keep separate
and distinct. It was a legislative power in Eng-
land. Why is it to be pretended that it is an ex-
ecutive one in republican America? It is beyond
the power of the Crown under a monarchy; and
became so after long and arduous struggles ofthe
people. Why should it at once elude the legis-
lative authonty here, and settle down into the
hands of our Executive, without a word in the
Constitution to indicate such a departure from the
best examples of liberty set us by our English
forefathers? You will find, upon referring to the
Constitution, that the provision is found in the
first article, which relates to the powers of Con-
gress; and in that section of it which puts pro-
hibitions upon Congress. I have heard it said
that there are other things than prohibitions upon
the Congress in that ninth section of the first
