834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 30,
article; but whoever looks at it carefully will see
that such is not the fact; that they are all prohi-
bitions upon Congress; and that it is not possi-
ble to imply, from the fact that some of them look
to other branches ofthe Government than Con-
gress, that therefore this may be assumed to be
an executive power.
There are eight clauses in this ninth section of
the first article. The first relates to the prohibi-
tion upon Congress as to the migration or import-
ation of certain persons prior to the year 1808.
The second is the clause in question, which we
are now considering. The third relates to bills
of attainder. Of course, only Congress could pass
a bill of attainder; and the prohibition against
passing a bill of attainder is a prohibition upon
Congress alone. The fourth relates to capitation
or other direct taxes. The fifth to duties upon
articles exported from any State. The sixth de-
clares that no preference shall be given, by any
legulation of commerce or revenue, to the ports
of one State over those of another. All these are
prohibitions upon the power of Congress. The
seventh, it is said, however, is not a prohibition
1 upon thepowcrofCongress. This provides that—
"No money shall be diawn fiom the Tieasury hut in
consequence of appropuations made by law; and a regular
statement and account ol the leceipt- and expenditures of
' all public money shall be published from time to time."
. The latter part of this, clearly, is an injunction
on Congress; the first part of it would lie an in-
junction on the Executive as well as on Congress.
In regard to this, wo must remember that this
clause, which is said not to be a prohibition upon
the powers of Congress, was not in the original
draft of the Constitution; it was broliglit in by
the subsequent report of a committee, very late
in the session of the convention. The whole
clause was inserted in this ninth section, to which,
indeed, it is appropriate; for it contains an in-
junction upon Congress to make minimi publi-
cations of the receipts and expenditures; and it
docs, in effect, prohibit their allowing the purse
to go into the unfettered control of the Executive,
4m requires them to direct, by appropriations,
the purposes to which the public treasure, of which
they are the guardians, shall be applied. The
lastclausc of this section, the eighth, is, undoubt-
edly, a prohibition upon Congress. " No title of
nobility shall lie granted by the United States,"
Ac. Unless it be contended that our'President
has royal pierogativcs, and is like the King of
England, the fountain of honor, this piohibitiou
cannot bo supposed to be intended to be on bira;
and the permission in the last part of the clause
is expressly to Congress to consent to the accept-
ance, by an officer of the United States, of any
present, emolument, &(•., fromany king or Slate.
These are the whole of the eight clauses in that
ninth section of the first article, and all relate to
the power of Congress; so that, while u is legis-
lative in its chaiacter, and cannot be anything
else than legislative—it cannot be executive, for
the simple duty of the JOxecutivc is to see that
the laws are executed, not to make them, nor to
repeal them, nor to suspend them. While, there-
fore, it is legislative in its character—legislative
as to the place in which it is put by the Consti-
tution, it is" also legislative for another reason,
winch may bo inferred from the Constitution.
The second article of the Constitution describes
the office of the President of the United States,
gives his executive powers and his duties; and
not one word do we sec there of any authority to
him to suspend the privilege of this writ, nor any-
thing from which, by the most shamed and forced
construction, it can possibly be implied. So that,
if we are to find any authonty for the suspension,
by mere executive power, of a "onstitulional
provision enforced by legislative enactment, we
must look to some higher law than the statutes
of Congress or the Constitution of the United
States.
I find, sir, in the letter addressed by the Attor-
ney General of the United States to the President,
that there is a great deal said about coordinate
branches of the Government, and the unity and
activity of the Executive, and about the power
which the President may, under an act of Con-
gress, exercise in the use of the foice which the
law puts at his command for public purposes;
and we are gravely told that the Piesident may
use the Army of the United States to eject in-
truders—squatters—from the public lauds; us if
there were any analogy between that case and
this; the one being the case of power given under
a statute of Congress, the Legislature conferring
the power upon the President expressly, not in
violation of any principle of tlie Constitution, but
in subordination to it; and the other a case in
which they have conferred no such power, and
where they cannot confer any such power. For I
not only hold that the suspension of the constitu-
tional and legal provisions in regard to the habeas
corptis is not executive in its character, and can-
not be exercised by the President, but that Con-
gressitself cannotmake the exercise of that power
of suspension legal by any one else*. It is their
own power. It is intrusted to them exclusively
as one of their legislative functions, and they can
no more assign it than they can assign any legis-
lative authority with which they are invested.
The legislative powers of this Government must
be exercised by Congress, in whom alone the
Constitution reposes them. Then wo are told
that the President's constitutional oath is to " pre-
serve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the
United States," and that this " implies the power
to perform" what he thus solemnly undertakes
to do; that as it is his duty to put down insur-
rection, he may, at his discretion, use all the
means of force which the Constitution and the
statutes place at his command, and that the man-
ner in which he shall use these means depends
solely upon his own discretion. And from these
premises the Attorney General assumes—I can-
not say argues—the opinion that the President
may, in a rebellion like the present, suspend the
privilege of persons arrested by his order, upon the
suspicion which he entertains that they are spies,
emissaries, or accomplices of those in arms against
the Government, and thus suspend the constitu-
tional provision, the enactment of Congress, and
the judicial authority conferred thereby. This
doctrine would have been all-sufficicntforChailesI
or Charles II, and the Commons of England would
have had 110 cause for exultation when the petition
of right was signed, or the habeas corpus act passed,
which,under this opinion, would have been worth
only so much blank paper as they were enrolled
on. It assumes that all provisions ofthe Con-
stitution are inferior to that which imposes upon
him the oatli of office, and that the power implied
from that oath overrides all other powers and pro-
visions with which it may come in conflict; and
so this great zeal for the preservation of the Con-
stitution makes it a thing of wax, to be twisted
and molded at the discretion of the Executive,
instead of an inexorable fundamental law of the
land, beyond the reach of President or Congress,
and only to be altered by the people ill prescribed
form and mode. 1 regret to be obliged to say all
tins, because I have always had great respect for
not only the private but the professional character
of the Attorney General.
Equally unfounded 111 law or fact is the alle-
gation that the suspension of this constitutional
privilege by the President was necessary.
! know that never before in the history of this
country has it been deemed necessary to suspend
the habeas corpus even by Congress; that though
upon a message of Mr. Jefferson to Congress,
during the alleged treasonable conspiracy of Aaron
Burr, the Senate did pass such a bill, (111 secret
session, I think,) it was rejected overwhelmingly
by the House of Representatives—the vote being
113 to 19. I know, too, that Mr. Jefferson, that
great apostle of liberty, whom so many gentlemen
here profess to revere as the founder of the polit-
ical creed in which they place the most implicit
confidence and faith, declared himself, at the very
time ofthe formation of the Constitution, as op-
posed to any suspension whatsoever, even by
legislative authority, of the pnvilege of the writ
of habeas corpus; "declared himself in favor of its
eternal and unremitting force; and, sir, I very
much incline to think lie was right. I doubt very
much whether the gqgtl to be effected by its sus-
pension, in any condition of things in which the
country can be placed, will be at all commensu-
rate with the evil undoubtedly sure to follow from
such suspension. If necessity, which is an odious
plea, known for hundreds ofyears as "the tyrant's
plea"—a plea by which you may overthrow all
constitutional provisions—if that plea is efficient
here; it' that is a justification for a violation of
one provision of the Constitution, it is equally a
justification for any and all violations of it. As
well may you justify the President for breaking
into the Treasury and taking from it all the mil-
lions and the very last dollar in it, not in pursu-
ance of appropriations made bylaw, but without
appropriations, and in the face of appropriations
made for other purposes, that he may apply it as
he thinks needful; as well may you do that, under
the plea of necessity, as justify the suspension
of the habeas corpus under this plea. X incline to
think that the necessity in.this latter case would
often be much stron^r than it would be in regard
to the suspension of the personal right of the cit-
izen. Indeed, sir, the greatest danger is to be
apprehended from infractions of the law which
seem to be sanctioned by good motives. It is not
easy in other cases to make breaches in the Con-
stitution, but this may be tolerated when pur-
poses of corruption and oppression are not sup-
posed to be intended, when a solemn duty only is
supposed to prompt a little largeness of construc-
tion, some straining of the Constitution for a pur-
pose of high patriotic duty, which disguises the
danger of the example. But breaches in the Con-
stitution once made, others are more easy; and
soon its enemies, with the worst purposes, rush
in to its destruction. As to the necessity in fact, or
rather as to the danger to the country of permitting
to go at large those persons who have been ar-
rested by order of various militaiy men under the
alleged authority of the President—I know many
of these cases, and can confidently say that many
of the persons arrested are wholly without any
general personal influence for good or for evil;
and that they will derive any political import-
ance which they may acquire solely from the blun-
ders ljy which they have been made into polit-
ical martyrs. Many of them covet political in-
fluence no more than they do the restraints upon
their liberty. They wonder at the baseness of the
unknown informer and the folly of the zealous
agent of the Executive; butare not the less indig-
nant at th^disregard of law and constitutional
privilege which leaves them without the time-hon-
ored remedy for the wrong they suiter in the de-
privation of their liberty. .
So too, sir, these domiciliary visits, which are
equally in violation of a provision of the Consti-
tution, are sought to be justified by necessity.
Now, let us see where these things are done.
Nowhere, so far as I am informed, except in the
State of Maryland, unless there be some excep-
tions in the State of Missouri. I believe therft
have been some in that State. I recollect to have_
seen one or two cases of a suspension of the habeas
corpus there; but chiefly it has been exercised in
Maryland, a loyal State—a State proved in its loy-
alty; a State whose remarkable quiet now, under
all illegal and oppressive practices, is the best proof
she could give of her loyalty and her submissive-
ness. Indeed whatever of disloyalty there may
be in the State of Maryland to the Union grows out
of these very abuses—the suspension of the habeas
corpus by executive authority, and these unneces-
sary, sometimes absurd, and always irritating
domiciliary visits and searches, which yield no
public benefit whatever, and tend only to irrita-
tion, oppression, and mischief.
It was but the other day that some officer of
volunteers—I do not know who—marchcd some
three hundred of his men from a point in one of
the counties in Maryland to another, a little vil-
lage, where there are about the same number of
residents, of every description. This little village
found itself invested by three hundred armed men
early ill the morning. There was a double object:
to search for arms, which were not to be found;
to search houses where there were no arms; and
to arrest one party, perhaps two, one of whom
was arrested and carried to a military camp out of
the county. Well, sir, two houses were partic-
ularly designated as proper to be searched. One
of them was the house of a gentleman of the bar
of distinguished ability and high cultivation; and
though I believe he is an extreme southern man
for that region of Maryland, he nevertheless holds
this doctrine—that there can be no greater absurd-
ity possible, in the. State of Maryland, than to
think of getting up an organization in opposition
to the power of this Government, and in violation
of its constitutional authority. He has strong
southern sympathies; that is about the amonntof
it. His house was searched from toptobottom by
a detective police officer, who happened to be one
of these three hundred men marched to that point.
