SS8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 30,
character, is recognized by the proper constitutional au-
thority, and Its decision is binding on every other depart-
ment of the,Government, and could not be questioned in a
judicial tribunal."
This is particularly applicable to the .condition
of Virginia at this time. Congress has decided
that very question in the very mode pointed out
by the Supreme Court of the United States as the
appropriate one:
" It-is true that the contest in this case did not last long
enough to bring the matter to this i«sue; and as no Sena-
tors or Representatives were elected under the'authoiity of
the government of which Mr. Dorr was the head, Congress
was not called upon to decide the controversy. Yet the
right to decide is placed there, and not in the couits.
"" So, too, as relates to the clause in the above-mentioned
article of the Constitution, providing for cases of domestic
violence. It rested with Congress, too, to determine upon
the means piopcr to be adopted to fulfill this guarantee.
They might, if tiiey had deemed it most advisable to do so,
have placed it in the power of a court ta decide when the
contingency iuul happened which required the Federal
Government to intcrlcie. But Oongre&s thought otherwise,
and no doubt wisely; and by the act of February 28, 1795,
provided, that 'in case of an insurrection in any State
against the government theieof, it shall be lawful for the
President of thoTJmtod States,on application of the Legis-
lature of such State, or of the Executive, (when the Legis-
latuie cannot he convened,) to call forth such number of
the militia of any othei State or State*, an may bo applied
for, a-? he may judge sufficient to suppiess such insurrec-
tion.' 
And, by the second section of that act, it will
be remembered that it was provided—
"That whenever the laws of the United Slates shall be
opposed, or the execution thereof obstructed in any State
by combinations too powerful to be suppressed by the or-
dinary coursc of judicial proceedings, or by the poweis
vested in the marshals by tins act, it shall be lawful for the
President of the United States to call foith the militia of
such State, or of any other State or States, as may be nc-
cessaiy to suppress such combinations, and to cause the
laws to be duly executed."
It was under that provision that the President
callcd out seventy-five thousand men, in the first
instance, for the purpose of suppressing the oxist-
ingrebellion. The court, in commenting on this
act further say:
" By this act, the power of deciding whether the exi-
gency had arisen upon which the Government of the Uni-
ted States is bound to interfere, is given to the President.
Ho Is to act upon the application of the Leglslatme oi of
the Executive, ami consequently he must determine what
body of men constitute the Legislature, and who is the
Governor, before he can act."
The court here were speaking in reference to
railing out the imliua on the requisition of the
legislature or of the Governorof a .Stale, ns pro-
vided in the first section of tin; act, and not in
reference to the ease provided for in the second
section.
" The fact that both parties claim the right to the gov
eminent canndt alter the case, for both cannot he entitled
to it. If there is an armed eonlhct, like the one of which
wc are speaking, it is acuta; of domchtie violence, and one
ot the panics must bo in insurtci'tion against the lawful
government. And the President must, ot necessity, decide
which is the government, and which paity is unlawfully
arrayed against it, before he can peiloun the duty imposed
on bun by the act of CongiesH.
" Atfei the President has :icted and called out the lmli-
tia^ is a circuit court of the United Stales aut housed lo in-
quire whether his decision was right? Could the eouit,
while the parties were actually contending in nuns (or the
possession of the government, call witnesses lieiore it and
inquiie which party represented a majority of the people >
If It could, then it would become the duty ot the eouit
(provided it came to the conclusion that the'PreMdent had
decided Incorrectly) to dischaige tho.se who weie uriestcd
and detained by the troops in the service ot the United
States, or the government which the President was en-
deavoring to maintain. If the judicial power extends so
far, the guarantee contained m the Constitution ot the Uni-
ted States is a guarantee of anaichy,and not of otder. Vet
if this right does notieside in the courts when the con-
flict is taging, if the judicial power is at that time bound
to follow the decision ot tile political, it must he equally
bound when the contest is over. It cannot, when peace
is restoied. punish as offenses and enmes the acts which it
befoie recognized, amUvas bound to recognize, a-, lawful ''
* t** * Jr
11 It is said that this power in the Piesident te dangerous
to liberty, and may be abused. All pow ei m,t\ !>.• abused
if placed in umvoithy hands, lhit it would he dJllienlt, ue
think, to point out any other hands in which tin■? power
would be more sale, and at the same lime equally effectual.
When citizens of the same State are m aims airain-t each
other, and the constituted authorities unable toexeente the
laws, the interposition of the United Stateslnust be prompt
or itis of little value. The oi dinars' com-a* of proceedings
in courts of justice would be utterly unfit for the eiisw
And the elevated office ot the Piesident, chosen as he is by
the people of the United States, and the high icspousibihty
he Could notfail to feel when acting m a ea.se of ^o mueh mo-
ment, appear to furnish as stiorig safeguards a^'un-t a will-
ful abuse of power as human prudence and foiesight could
well provide. Atatl event1!, it isconferied upon him by the
Constitution and laws of the United States, and must there-
fore be respected and enforced m injudicial tubunals.
"A question very similar to this aiose in tiie cahoot
Martin vs. Mott, 12 Wheaton, 29-31. The first clause of
the first section of the act of February 28,1795, of which
we have been speaking, authorizes the President to call
out the militia to repel invasion. It is the second clause
in the same section which authorizes the call to suppress
an insurrection against a State government./The power
given to the President m each case is the saute, with this
difference only, that it cannot be exercised by him in the
latter case, except upon the application of the Legislature
or Executive of the State. The case above mentioned arose
out of a call made by the President, by virtue of the power
confeircd by the first clause, and the corn t said that4 when-
ever a statute gives a discretionary power to any person to
be exercised by him upon iiis own opinion of ceitain facts,
it is a sound rule of construction that the statute constitutes
him the sole and exclusive judge of the existence of those
tacts.' The grounds upon which that opinion is maintained
are set foith in the icport, and we think are conclusive.
The same principle applies to the case now before the
court. Undoubtedly, if the President, in exercising this
power, shall iall in eiror, or invade the rights of the people
of the State, it would be in the powei of Congress to ap-
ply the proper remedy. But the courts must administer the
law as they find it.
"The remaining question is, whether the defendants,
acting under militaiy oiders issued under tho authority of
the government, were justified in breaking and entering
the plaintiffs house."
Now, the portion of this case which I am about
to read, and to which I desire to call the atten-
tion of such Senators who will give me -their at-
tention, is peculiarly appropriate to the present
condition of things. In this case the Legislature
of Rhode Jslnnd had declared martial law; and the
military officers of the State of Rhode Island, not-
withstanding the clause in the Constitution that
forbids tho searching of houses, went by force
into the houses of private citizens, broke them
open, *nd arrested and imprisoned the occupants;
and that without any warrant whatever from any
court. Suit was brought against them, and this
act of the Legislature of Rhode Island declaring
maitial law, and authoring ius soldieis, by the
strong hand, and without regard to writs from
courts, to seize and imprison men who wore sup-
posed to be hostile to its government, was pleaded
in justification of the proceedings of the military;
and here is what the court say m reference to
that:
"The remaining question is, whether the defendants,
acting under military oideis is>ued under tho authority oi
the government, svere justified m breaking and enicung
the plaintiffs house.
" In relation to the act of the Legislatuie deelann-z mar-
tial law, it irf not accessary in the case before us to iuquu e
to what extent, or under what circumstances, that power
may he exercised by a State. Unquestionably a nirhtaiy
government, established <is the peimairent government ot
the State, would not lie a republican government, and it
would be the duty of Congress to oveithiosv it. Hut the
law of Rhode Island evidently contemplated no such gov-
ernment. It was Intended merely for the eiKi^, and to
meet the peril m winch the existing government was placed
by the aimed resistance to iis authority. It was s>o under-
stood and consu ued by the State ar%lhoiitics."
Now, see the rule which the court lay down:
" And, unquestionably, a State may vis? Us military
pow erto put down an aimed insurrection, too sttong to be
controlled by the civil authoi ity. The power is essential to
the existence of every Government; essential to The preser-
vation of oulcr and free institutions ; an<l is as necessary
to the States of this Union as to any othei Government.
The State itself must determine what degiee of loiee the
ciisis demands. Alhd if the government of Rhode island
doomed the ai iii'm! opposition so fornudnhlcand so ramified
thioughout the Slate as to require the use of its militaiy
foi( e, and the deelaiation ot martial law, we see no giound
upon which this court can question its authority, it was
a state of war; arid the established govei anient icsoited to
the lights ami usages of war to maintain itself, and to over-
come the unlawlul opposition. And in tlnu state of things,
the oflieeis engaged in its militaiy soiviee might lawfully
•uicst any one who, from the information befoie them,
they had reasonable grounds to behove was engaged m the
insurrection, and might order a liou-o to be Joieibly en-
teied and searched when there were reasonable mounds tor
supposing he might be then; concealed. Without tlie power
to do this, maitial law and the mihtaiyariayof the Govern-
ment would be more parade, and lather eneonrnge attack
than ropel it.'1—Howard's Reports, vol. 7; Luther vs. Bor-
den ct al., pp. 4-M, 4o, 40.
That is the solemn decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States pronounced a dozen
years ago in reference to a State. Judge Wood-
buiy dissented fiom the opinion of tire eouit, and
placed his dissent chiefly upon the giound that a
State had not this power, admitting that the Gov-
ernment of the United States might exercise it.
Hero is an express decision that the military
power may interfere in a case where the civii au-
thorities arc overborne, and may airest any one
when they have reasonablegroundsto believe that
he is engaged m the insurrection, and may enter
houses for that purpose; and the court say that
if this were not so, the military array of the Gov-
ernment would be mere parade, and rather en-
courage than repel attack. Shall it then be said,
when express power is given by the Constitution
of the United States to call out the militia to en-
force the laws of the country, that they are merely
to make aparade? What more has your military
power done in this instance than was done in the
State of Rhode Island ? Have they done anytime
more in Baltimore than to arrest persons sus^
pected of favoring this insurrection? Nothing.
The writ of habeas corpus cannot relieve them;
the courts cannot interfere; and this power, the
courtsay,is essential to the preservation of order
and free institutions and the existence of every
Government, and they would draw the power
from the nature of Government itself -if it were
not expressly given in the Constitution.
That case covers, in my judgment, every fea-
ture of the bill now under consideration. This
bill provides in its first section that the President
may declare any district of country in a state of
insurrection *, and when the President has declared
that, it authorizes the commanding officer of that
military department to issue a proclamation re-
iterating that insurrection exists there, and that
there is a state of war.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman have
tho goodness to refer me to the expression which
gives that power to the President?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The first section of the
substitute declares tfiat—
"The Commanding General of the Aimy of the United
States, the commanders of the beveial military departments
and military distiiets within the militaiy jurisdiction spe-
cially assigned to them, shall havepovvel within their sev-
cial commands."
Now, where ?
" Within then several commands and within States, Ter-
ntoncs, or districts of country, which may have been or
shall heieaftcr be declared by the President of tlte United
States to be in a state of insurrection or rebellion," &e.
Now, whatever State or district of country the
President of the United States declares to be in a
state of insurrection or rebellion, in that district
of country the commanding general of that depart-
ment may issue his proclamation setting forth this
fact; and then, after having done that and caused
it to bo. published throughout the district, he is to
adopt such police rules and regulations, conform-
ing as nearly as may be to previously existing
laws, as shall be necessary to preserve order ana
to put down the insurrection. The very object
which the Constitution of the United States had
in view when it gave the power to call forth the
militia to enforce the laws, is to be carried outby
this bill. The commanding officer is to adopt the
necessary rules for that purpose, and the civil
authorities are to enforce them; but if they refuse
to do it, then he is to enforce them by the mili-
tary power.
The fourth section of the bill makes provision
in reference to the writ of habeas corpus, which
express authority is given to suspend in cases of
insurrection. This fourth section provides, not
that the wiit shall not issue, but that no military
officcr shall be compelled to return the body of any
person detained by military authority; but upon
the certificate under oath of the officer having
charge of such a person that he is detained as a
prisoner under the authority of this bill, the judge
who issued the writ is to dismiss it.
Subsequent sections provide for the treatment
of disloyal persons who are captured, require an
oath to be administered to thftn, and on their re-
fusal to take it, provide that they shall be held in'
custody as prisoners, and also provide punish-
ment against those who shall violate their parol,
or who, after having taken this oath, shall be
found in arms against the United States. Other
sections of the bill provide that when peace' and
utder are restored, all these military rules and
regulations which have been adopted during the
time of insurrection shall cease to have effect.
The last section provides for the punishment of
offenses committed by persons in the Army, or
attached to the Army, upon each other during a
state of insurrection, or when they are beyond the
jurisdiction of the United States; and it is made
applicable only to such cases as are not already
provided for by the rules and articles of war.
I believe, sir, this is all that I desired to say in
reference to the bill. Perhaps it may be imperfect;
it may be defective in its details; but the object is
to confer upon the military authorities the war-
rant of law for all that it may be necessary for
them to do in crushing out this rebellion.
Mr. CARLILE. Sir. President, I desire to
move to strike out from this bill the eighth sec-
