1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
389
tion of it; I shall not detain the Senate long in
assigning the reasons why the section should be
stricken out. It provides that/* any military com-
mander," in a district declared to be in a'state of
insurrection, " may cause any person suspected
of disloyalty to the Government of the United
States, to be brought before him," &c. That will
authorize the arrest, by any one in command,
from the general of a division to the lieutenant
of a squad, of any person who may be suspected
of disloyalty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from_ Vir-
ginia will allow me to say, that I think that is not
the construction of the sentence. The language
is, " any military commander aforesaid;" and a
previous section of the bill designates the Com-
manding General of the United States, and the
commanders of the several military departments
and military districts. It does not apply to the
commander of a squad.
Mr. CARLILE. Well, sir, the whole of west-
ern Viiginia is now under the command of a brig-
adier general. I presume it would be in the power
of the military authorities of the country to leave
us even under the command of a coioncl, and
probably an officer of less grade. But, sir, it is
not material whether this power is to be conferred
upon a commanding general, be his grade ever so
high, or upon an officer of inferior rank. The
power of arresting persons upon suspicion, at
any and at all limes, is a power, in my humble
opinion, that should never be exercised, and is in
conflict with the spirit of our institutions. But,
at a time like this, when the public mind is excited
to a degree bordering almost upon frenzy, when
neighbor suspects neighbor, and friend suspects
friend, we may, without much stretch of imagin-
ation, see to what injurious result such a provis-
ion might lead. I know, sir, within my own
region of country, that this powerhas been exer-
cised again and again, to the great detriment of
the cause we would all serve, and to the great
annoyance of the officers who subsequently had
the subject brought to their consideration, and
who were not within the district at the time of
the exercise of the power. Men have been ar-
rested and detained at an expense from one to
three dollars per day to the Government of the
United States, and who never, in their lives, lived
so well as they did under arrest, and who had no
motive whatever to procure their release.
The other provisions of the bill I am prepared
from the hasty reading I have given it, to sustain.
I believe the exigencies of the country demand
some such legislation; but this particular section
which authorizes the arrest of persons upon sus-
picion, and their discharge upon the mere taking
of'an oath will accomplish no beneficial purpose
and may work injury. Sir, those men who arc
disposed to aid in this effort to overthrow this
Government,will notiegard any oath that you may
administer to them under circumstances of this
kind. It has come to my knowledge that those
who have been discharged after having taken sim-
ilar oaths, have atthe very first opportunity again
raised their arm of rebellion in aid of the move-
ment now going on in the southern States to dis-
solve the Union. It is regarded by those who take
it under compulsion, who have to take it in order
to be relieved fronfdetention, as ofneither moral
nor legal obligation. I am fuee to say, sir, here,
that if I should be so unfortunate as to be taken
by those who are engaged in this rebellion, and
my life was offered mo upon the terms of taking
an oath to support the southern confederacy, and
1 could only preserve it in that way, and I be-
lieved it was a duty lowed to my country, and to
my family, to preserve my life, i should not re-
gard my oath as being of binding obligation either
morally or legally.
Now, Mr. President, I perhaps am prepared to
go further than any Senator who has addressed
theScnate on the subjects connected with this bill.
I believe that the President, in refusingto regard
the writ of habeas corpus, did not exceed his con-
stitutional power. 1 believe that in no single act
enumerated in the joint resolution which was un-
der discussion this morning, lias the Picsident ex-
ceeded his constitutional power. I believe he.
would have been derelict to his duty, and would
have violated ihe oath that he took when he en-
tered upon the discharge of the duties of the office
which he now fills, if he had not done all that he
has done. The writ of habeas corpus shall not be ,
suspended, says the Constitution, by Congress,
only in cases of rebellion or invasion. It is look-
ing to the legislative suspension of it. But when
the Executive, who is sworn to preserve, protect,
and defend the Constitution of the country, finds
it absolutely ncccssary, in order to discharge that
duty, to refuse to obey this writ, he is acting di-
rectly in the line of his duty, and is responsible
only in the mode pointed out by the Constitution
for the manner in which he has discharged that
duty. It'depends altogether on tho circumstances
that attended the refusal, on the exigencies that
demanded the refusal on the part of the President;
and of those circumstances and of those exigen-
cies the Congress of the United States—the House
of Representatives, to whom he is liable for im-
peachment, and the Senate, who are to act as his
judges—will determine. 1 can therefore support
heartily that joint resolution
Sir, we must look, in,regard to the legislation
proposed, to the present condition of the country
in order to ascertain its necessity. This is, as I
before said, a rebellion instigated by those who
desire the overthrow of republican institutions.
It is the existence of no particular or peculiar in-
stitution; none whatever. It has long been the
cherished object of men who are restive under a
Government that brings them before the people
at stated periods to be passed upon by them, and
whose teiuuc of office depends upon the popular
breath, to overthrow institutions that subject them
to this (to them) distasteful mode of obtaining
honor and emolument. We have the evidence
of that in the declarations made by the eminent
South Carolina statesmen who first declared that
State out of the Union. Mr. Keitt, and other
gentlemen on the floor of that convention, declared
that it had been the cherished object of their lives,
and that they had been laboring for it ever since
they entered public, life. Emincntstatesmen there
said the Union should never have been formed;
and the tracts which were disseminated through-
out that whole country prior to the last presiden-
tial election, and which reached the State in which
I live only after the election, go to show that the
reason for the rebellion existed at the time of the
formationof the Union,andshould have prevented
its formation.
Allusion has been made in this discussion to the
arrest of parties, and to domiciliary visits paid by
•those who profess to act in the name of the Uni-
ted States Government. Sir, arrests have been
made by the other side within the limits of my
own congressional distiict; and to-day there are
many of the first citizens of western Virginia con-
fined in the jails in possession of the secessionists
■—men whqhave never raised an arm againstcither
the authorities of the Federal Government or the
authorities of the so-called confederate States.
The gentleman who represented my district in the
other branch of Congress has organized a cavalry
troop, consisting of hundreds, and has taken, by
violence and by force, everything that was neces-
sary to enable him to equip and arm those men.
The horses of Union men have been impressed by
him,and they have been used for the purpose of
going m the dead hour of the night and taking fiom
their beds and their homes peaceful citizens, and
carrying them hundreds of miles away and im-
prisoning them. One of the most inoffensive gen-
tlemen that it was ever my fortune to meet, (Col-
onel Ilobeits, of my State,) guilty of no offense
whatever, save that of representing the people of
his county in the Wheeling convention, has been
carried away from his home, imprisoned when 1
last heard of him in the Charlestown jail, before
I left home, and since I have arrived here, J un-
derstand, he has been shot, by authority of Gen-
eral Wise.
Sir, something should be done by this body to
legalize every act necessary to maintain the su-
premacy of the Government, and bring to the aid
of the military power of the Government that of
the civil power to suppress this rebellion; and I
will, thciefore, as 1 before remarked, vote for the
bill introduced by the Senator from Illinois, with
the amendment which I have proposed, to strike
out the eighth section. That section will accom-
plish no good, and it may do much evil.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I did not
propose to embark in this discussion until after
the remarks of the Senator from Maryland this
morning, repeating certain views with regard to
the exercise of the power by the President in the
suspension of the vfrrit of habeas corpus in certain0
cases in Maryland. Those views have been bo
often advanced,and are, in my judgment, so erro*
neous, that I have thought it my duty to "give to
the Sfenute my views on the question of power,
although 1 will not undertake to discuss its par'
ticular exercisc. My great respect for the honor-
able Senator from Maryland prevents rac ques-
tioning their sincerity, and 1 have myself no
information as to the facts. I propose to speak
only of\the power of the President in the given
case.
I may say here, before entering upon the dis-
cussion of this question, that I have been partly
induced to make some remarks upon the policy
and conduct of the Administration from the pecu-
liarity of my position. I believe I am the only
Senator now on this floor—my friend from Ore-
gon being absent—who represents that great party,
the head and front of which was the late Senator
from Illinois. I have been always politically an-
tagonistic to the present Chief Magistrate and the
party now in power. It was upon careful con-
sideration at the outset of our present troubles
that I made up my mind that there was but
One course for loyal men of the Republic to pur-
sue, and that was to stand by the Government
without regard to inferior party considerations;
that the Government must be trusted; that it must
be sustained; and that all aid should be afforded
for the full exertion of its power. It was upon
the distinct assumption of this position that, by
the united voicesof the unconditional Union men
of California, I was sent hero to aid in giving to
the Government all required assistance in the full
expression of its powers. I stated there that the
only controversy between myself and the Admin-
isliation would be whether or not the Adminis-
tration would go far enough; and I say now I was
gratified at the prompt action of the Government.
Yet, if I could now have any controversy with
the Administration, it woultf be aboutwhetheror
not it lias exerted as much power as might have
been exerted beneficially. I repeat, I do not speak
of individual instances of the application of power.
I cannot be possessed of all the facts in detail of
what has transpired at Baltimore and in Maiy-
, land. There must always be more or less error
in the administration of extraordinary powers.
It could not have been altogether avoided under
the adverse circumstances in which tho Govern-
ment was placed in Maryland.
I will state here, that I approve generally of
what has been done and ordered by the President
of the United States. I do not, however, propose
to embark in any discussion, further than the
presentation of my notion as to the cxetcise of the
particular power to which I have referred. Now,
Mr. President, it seems to me the preliminary
question is, was there, at the time of the exercise
of this power, war or not? It is said we were not
at war with any recognized Government. Let me
ask, did the fact of our not being at war with any
recognized Governmentgiveany greater privileges
or rights to those who were in arms against us?
Has the rover on the seas, who has no known
Hag, any more lights than he who sails under the
flag of a recognized nation ? Has the person who,
without law or organized government, takes up
arms against a Government, raises armies, and
makes battle, any rights greater than the rights of
a body or army of men acting under a recognized
Government? There is no room for argument on
this question. We have war. Because it is civil,
illegitimate war, the parties engaged in it have
certainly no greater rights than if they fought
under a recognized flag. They have not the same,
they have not equal rights.
Then, Mr. President, we have war, and there
is a law of war. That law was never dependent
upon, never grew out of, written constitutions. It
was never set down in any statute-book. It is,
and always has been, the law of necessity—a rule
made by the occasion, and limited only by con-
ventions among nations. The law of war is what
is called martial law. When martial law is in-
augurated, it supeisedes the laws organized for
administering affairs in time of peace, and may
absolutely and completely supersede them. I am
not disposed to go into any elaborate argument
on this subject; but I wish to state my opinion
exactly. There is a system of laws for peace,
another for war. The right to the writ of habeas
corpxis is one of those that has no relation to the
