342
THE COTOKESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 30,
this rebellion. I hope it may not be indefinitely
postponed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
to postpone the billuntil to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. ICING. Mr. President, I have voted for
several biihi and propositions for which I should
not have voted but for the condition of the coun-
try; but if there is anything in particular about
which, by my vote, I desire to record my opinion
as to the duty of our Government, and what I
believe is the will of our people, it is that the
measures to be taken for the protection of our
country, and tho continuance of its Government,
shall be vigorously prosecuted by the powers of
the Government. It is necessary, in my judgment,
in many places that the ordinary condition of law
should be suspended; that a state of insurrection
should be declared; and that we should proceed
against our enemies as against those with whom
we were at war. They do so with us; and we are
waging this war under very great disadvantages,
from the fact of the clemency which is found to
exist in'thc minds of us all. There is an indis-
position to touch any person until positive proof
shall exist of his guilt of treason. The condition
of our camp here, and ofThe country, I have no
doubt, is well known to those people. There are
in this city a great many people who sympathize
entirely with them, openly, and who talk in that
way. So far as a knowledge of their movements
is concerned, I do not know to what extent our
military commanders may have it, but we cer-
tainly know very little about them. I have not
sought to know, because I have left those matters
to the care and espionage of the military com-
manders; but this bill approves and make legal
what there has been doubt and dispute about the
authority of the executive department to do. I
concur in tho opinion that we should act decidedly
about this mutter. If we design to prosecute the
war against the public enemies who arc in aims
in the field wo must prosecute it against them as
against persons with whom we are at war.
Mr. liAYARD. My motion is simply to post-
pone tho bill until to-morrow. I wish to present
my objections to it. I do not intend to make; any
extended argument, but I want to state specifi-
cally my objections to every clause. It seems to
mo some Senators who speak about it are not
awaiii of some of tho provisions of tho hill. This
bill, in one of its clauses, gives tho right to try
civil olftnses by court-martial, in the direct, face
of the Constitution of the United States. Is that
necessary to carry on the war? It gives the power
of confiscation, and I want to show that that is
contrary to the Constitution. I may be mistaken
in this, Senators may not agree with mo; but
surely they will give mo tho right to be heard. 1
ask for the postponement of the hill until to-mor-
row. I do not rare what hour to-morrow you fix
for its consideration. I anj^perfectly willing that
any other business the Senate may think proper
to take up shall first be disposed of. I am willing
that it should be informally passed over until we
get through with other business. 1 never attempt
to obstruct the course of business at any time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstood the Senator from Delaware to designate
the hour of one o'clock to-morrow, and so stated
the motion, If the Chair is mistaken, the Sena-
tor will correct him.
Mr. BAYARD. The Chair is right. I said
one o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on the motion that the further consider-
ation of the bill before the Senate be postponed
until to-morrow at one o'clock, and be made the
special oider for that hour.
Mr. C'OLLAMER. The Senator from Dela-
ware did not move to make it the special order.
Mr. J'RECKINIUDGE, Then I move to
amend the motion by making it the special order
for that hour to-moirow.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator from Dela- (
wure did not ask to have it made the special Older. !
Mr. BAYARD. I merely asked for the post-
ponement of it to one o'clock to-morrow. Of
course, if it should not be the pleasure of the Sen-
ate to take it up at that time,! would be willing |
to wait for a subsequent period.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky moves, as an amendment to the
motion, that tho bill be made the special order for
one o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to postpone it until
to-morrow. Perhaps that is the best way. Then,
if it fcyj the pleasure of the Senate to consider it,
I will speak upon it, or, if it should be postponed
in order to go on with the business, I will cheer-
fully defer my remarks.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I moved to amend
the motion so to make the bill the special order
for to-morrow, because I supposed the Senator
from Delaware had inadvertently omitted those
words, while he desired to make it the special or-
der. Of course, however, if he moves to post-
pone generally, I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I see, by the movement of
the Senator from Maine, he intends to give the
bill the go-by. I object to that. If it is to be post-
poned until to-morrow, I move that it be made
the special order for one o'clock. I do not want
to have it postponed indirectly in that way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motionHo
postpone to a time certain will take priority over
a motion to postpone generally; or a motion to
postpone to a given hour of a day will take pri-
ority of a motion to postpone to aday generally;
and the question now before the Senate is on the
motion to postpone the further consideration of
the bill until to-morrow atone o'clock, and make
it the special order'at that hour.
Mr. CLARK. In order that the bill may be
under the control of the Senate, to bo calleu up
when they deem proper, I move to lay it upon
the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course, that will be a
test vote, and I ask for the yeas and nays upon
it. If there is no disposition in the Senate to act
upon a bill of this character, we may as well
know it.
The yeas and nays wore ordered; and being
taken, resulted yeas? 15, nays 127; as follows:
YEAH—llayard, ['reckonld«o, I5ii«ln, Clark,
(,'owaii, I'Ysseiulen, JulniM>n of 'iVnnosM'r, Johnson of
Missimu, !iiuliiun.Mel)ougali,roavec, roik,i'o\vell, tfuute-
bury, ami T|jom*ou—1.">.
NAYS— Anthony, ttinjrham, Browning, Cailile,
Chandler, Col lamer, Divon, Doohule, Font, Ko-nei,Crime-,
Italian, ll.irrh, Howe, Km;', l^ariu of Indiaa.t, Lata; of
Kansas, iMomll, INmieioy, liennan, Sumnei, Ton Kjck,
Trumbull, Wade, Wiikiu-ou, Wilmot, ami Wilson—£ .
So the Somite refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fostrr.)
The motion before tho Senate is, that the bill be
postponed to, and made the special order for, to-
morrow at one o'cloek.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I really hope it will not
be made a .special order; there is so much other
business before tho Senate, of, 1 think, greater
importance, that must be disposed of. I have no
objection to its bring postponed; but I do not
know why the Senator should have pointed me
out as designing to give it the go-by. I am per-
fectly willing that it shall be called up, if the busi-
ness of the Senate will allow; but we arc getting
towards the last of the session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I um sorry to differ with
my friend from Maine. In my judgment, this is
of far more importance than any other bill before
the Senate. Wp differ about that. The reason
why 1 said the Senator from Maine was disposed
to give it the go-by, was because he wanted to
postpone it indefinitely, and he made that sug-
gestion to the Senate. I supposed that was evi-
dence of it. I tlunk that constitutional liberty and
the maintenance of the Constitution of this Gov-
ernment are more important than any appropria-
tion bill. 1 think that tho idea that tho rights of the
citizen are to be trampled upon and that lie is to
be at rested by military authority, without any
regulation of law whatever, is monstrous in a
free Government. I cannot agree at all to the idea
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, that a man
may be arrested on the ground that he is a rebel
and lias no rights. Who is to deeide that he is a
tebel? Is he an outlaw that any one may shoot?
How do you know that he is a rebel? The idea
that the laws of war prevail is the most monstrous
proposition I ever hoard enunciated anywhere.
The object of this bill—I do not say it accom-
plishes it, the features may be had—is to place
the action of the Government, in crushing this
rebellion under the Constitution and the law, and
I think it is tho most important object that can
engage the attention of Confess.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Iam surprised to seethe
honorable Senator from Illinois work himself into
such a fury. There does not seem to be any oc-
casion for it at all. In the first place, I did not
say that I was in favor of indefinitely postponing
the bill. I said that if it were postponed at all,
I hoped it would be postponed indefinitely, for I
wanted to see it finished. I did afterwards say
that in the present position of the bill, I could not
vote for it. I am just as ready to meet it in the
face now as at arty time, as I am all bills. I be-
lieve I have never seen one since I was in Con-
gress, that I was not ready to meet and vote on
directly. Now all I have to say about the par-
ticular exhibition which my friend makes of pa-
triotism just at this moment is that his notions of
constitutional liberty and mine may differ. I have
no doubt that he entertains very clear ones, for
all his ideas are clear, and he expresses them very
clearly on all occasions, somewhat warmly some-
times, but after all it is barely possible that he
may be mistaken, and that other people may be
right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to postpone and make this bill
the special order for to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. PIALE. I ask for a division of that ques-
tion.
Mr. TEN EYCK. This bill was reported by
the Committee on the Judiciary, and I must say
that there was a disagreement in the minds of the
members of that committee as to its merits. I
do not mean to take up time in the discussion of
the bill, I confess that I, myself, was notin favor
of all the provisions of the bill, but I thought wc
should report some bill on the subject, and the
Senate could amend it according to their enlight-
ened judgment. I was in favor of the first sec-
tion of this bill for these reasons: I had learned
from a commanding general who was m the dis-
trict of Virginia, that all law was beaten down
and disregarded; or if not beaten down, the ma-
chinery of the courts had run out; no one there
undertook to enforce law. There were crimes
and offenses being committed; and from the ne-
cessity of the case, in order to protect the citizens,
some of whom were loyal citizens, and claimed
to bo such, to protect them from violence, wrong,
and injustice, the commanding generals were com-
pelled to act as justices of the peace, issue war-
rants under their hand and seal, and fill the jails
of Alexandria with culprits. I think that there
should be some regulation of this matter; that
there ought to be some act of Congress prescrib-
ing and defining the duties of these officers, who
are acting in some rcspectsas conservators of the
peace.
One idea that struck my mind was, that if the
people in a district did not want to have the ma-
chinery of courts, and did not want their laws
enforced, they ought perhaps to abide by the con-
sequences of that dereliction of duty; but in a
state of war, they might not feel themselves in a
position to do that; and rather than suffer the mil-
itary to regulate the whole thing according to their
own will and dictation, I thought there ought to
be some restriction and restraint placed upon their
action; that they should endeavor to set on foot
certain police regulations for the protection of the
citizens within the limits of their military juris-
diction, and that those should be as nearly m ao
cordance with the laws of the State or district as
possible; and that if the district refused to take
any action in the matter, then (he military officers
should be confined to those rules and regulations
as near as was possible with the existing state of
things. And yet I was afraid of any congres-
sional enactment on tho subject; because 1 be-
lieved that the public law, the law of nations, did
prescribe rules for the government of these mat-
ters, when a country was subject to military power.
I know it was so done m Mexico by General Scott.
That was, however, a foreign Power, with whom
we were contending. I know that he actually
established a government in Mexico—appointed
governors, appointed a secretary of the treasury,
regulated matters of revenue, and everything else
—and it is a duty that the conquering power owe
to the people that are subject to their sway for the
time being. And yet I was afraid to leave it to
the public law, lest it might not meet all tlie re-
quirements of a crisis like this, where there was
a state of rebellion; and I was fearful of passing
an act of Congress on the subject, undertaking to
