1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
843
specify certain particular things, when we might
. come short of performing our whole duty.
There was a difficulty in all points of view, and
the committee thought it best to present tins bill
to the Senate and have their action upon it. I
am of opinion that the last section lryhe^ill is of
vital importance. The Commanding General of
our armies states in writing that there is now no
power to punish persons who are guilty of the
highest crimes, felonies, who happen to be in the
Army, not even by military law, because the
rules and articles of war except felonies. That
Section ought certainly to be passed, if all the rest
of the bill should bo stricken out.
With these remarks, more by way of explana-
tion than anything else, I shall feel myself con-
strained to vote for a portion of the bill, if not the
whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire asks a division of the ques-
tion before the Senate, the motion being to post-
pone the bill until to-morrow at one o'clock, and
make it the special order for that hour.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I made the motion to post-
pone until to-morrow, and make the bill the spe-
cial order; but as the Senator from Delaware is
endeavoring to defeat the bill, and moves to lay
it on the table, I do not think—if that is his object
simply—that any rule of courtesy should require
me to make the motion; and I think we had better
go on with the bill to-night. I therefore with-
draw the motion, and let us go on with the bill.
Mr. BAYAllD. I made the motion to post-
pone until to-morrow. The Senate can refuse to
do so, if they see fit.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. The Chair un-
derstood the Senator from Delaware to withdraw
the motion. Does he repeat it?
Mr. BAYARD. I made the motion to post-
pone until to-morrow. I did not withdraw it.
The Senator from'Illinois added that it be made
the special order for one o'clock. I do not care
whether that is the case or not. You can do as
you please as to that. If you prefer to make it
the special order for one o'clock to-morrow, I am
perfectly content. My-motion was simply to
postpone the bill until to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion is
on the motion to postpone the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 should like to know whether
the Senate, on the yeas and nays, wiil refuse a
motion of this kind; and I ask for tho yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays woe ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I have not often interfered
with the business of the Senate during the course
of this session. I have endeavored to accommo-
date myself to their business in every way. I
have interposed no objections to any of the bills
they have sought to pass for the purpose of car-
rying on this war or for the putting down of
rebellion, as it is called; but I made the excep-
tion of the case of bills that I thought unconstitu-
tional. I think this giavely so. The bill was
repotted to the Senate, I believe only yesterday,
and printed then. I have endeavored to compare
it 
Mr. WADE. If the Senator will permit me,
I will ask him to give way, and let us postpone
this matter until to-morrow. I perceive that it
will lead to a discussion now that will be destruc-
tive of all other business from this time to that,
as I think.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The only difference is
that we shall have it to-morrow instead of to-day.
Mr. WADE. We shall have it to-morrow;
but we shall have it on the merits of the bill, and
in good temper: but if we go on in this way I
think I can see that we shall not get a very early
decision. 1 think we had better let it go over, and
take up other business.
Mr. POLK. I think the Senator from Illinois
is laboring under a wrong impression, which I
deem it proper that I should correct, inasmuch as
I believe the Senator from Delaware did not hear
the lemark of the Senator from Illinois. As I
recollect, it was not the Senator from Delaware
who moved to lay the matter on the table, but the
Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. RAYARD. Certainly it was.
Mr. POLK. The Senator from Delaware is
ready to meet the bill at any time after to-day, as
i understand. He says he is content that it &h&U
be made a special order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to its
going over until to-morrow, and taking it up and
disposing of it then.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
before the Senate is, that the bill be postposcd
until to-morrow. The Senate have ordered the
question to be taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Missouri is
entirely correct. It was I that made the motion
to lay it on the table, and I did it with no hostility
to the bill, but that we might have it under our
control at anytime. The Senator from Illinois
chose to make it a test question by calling for the
yeas and nays. I made the motion for the pur-
pose of keeping the bill under control.
Mr. WADE. I hope now that the call for the
yeas and nays will be withdrawn, and we shall
let the bill go over. The Senator from Delaware
I believe, called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. He will withdraw
that if the Senate will allow him.
Mr. WADE. If he will withdraw the call, we
will let the bill go over. - *
Mr. BAYARD. I will withdraw the call, cer-
tainly, if the Senate agrees to postpone the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Chai r
understand the call for the yeas and nays to be
withdrawn ?
Several Senators. Yes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it go over to some
definite hour, so that we shall take it up,
Mr. WADE. Say one o'clock.
Mr. BAYARD, f have no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does theChair
understand the Senator from Delaware as with-
drawing the call for the yeas and nays?
Mr. BAYARD. I withdraw it at the sugges-
tion of the honorable Senator from Illinois.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The call for
the yeas and na}rs can be withdrawn by unan-
imous consent. The Chair hears no objection.
The motion is, that the further consideration of
this bill be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. At one o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not
the motion of the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I oiler it as an amend-
ment.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no objection to an hour
being iixed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not want it made a
special order.
Mr. BAYARD. My object is not to prevent
action.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
As an amendment to the motion of the Senator
from Delaware, the Senator from Illinois moves
that the postponement be until to-morrow, at one
o'clock. The question is on that amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Docs that make it a spe-
cial order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will make
the bill the special older for one o'clock to-mor-
row, if the amendment be adopted, and the mo-
tion, as so amended, be agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then 1 call for the yeas
and nnys.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAYARD. I desire to know in what con-
dition the motion now stands. I moved to post-
pone the bill until to-morrow. The Senator ftom
llh no is added to that motion, that it be the special
order foi to-nun row at one o'clock. It is indiffer-
ent to me whether you make it the special order
or not; I am content cither way. If it were made
the special order, it would be in the power of a
majority to postpone it; and if it were simply
postponed, it would be equally m their power to
call it up at any hour they please. The gentle-
men on the other side have an unquestioned ma-
jority; it is in their own disposition; therefore, it
is a matter of indifference to me entirely. My
motion was to postpone the hill until to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
wiil state the condition of the question. The Sen-
ator from Delaware moves to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of this bill until to-morrow.
As an amendment to that motion, the Senator
from Illinois moves to postpone the bill until to-
morrow atone o'clock. The Senator from Maine
has asked for the yeas and nays on that amend-
ment, and the Senate have ordered the question
to be taken by yeas and nays. The question now
is, shall the motion of the Senator from Delaware
to postpone the bill until to-morrow be amended-
by fixing the hour of one o'clock as the time for
its consideration to-morrow? That is the que^
tion before the Senate, on which the yeajs and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Is ifnow in order to move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think we had better have
an executive session now. ["Oh, no."J I fear
we shall spend the whole afternoon about this
matter, when, after all, it will go over until to-mor-
row anyhow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment <#the Senator from Illinois
to the motion of the Senator fronvDelaware.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 35, nays 8, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Breckinridge,
Browning, Oailile, Chandler, Collamer, Dixon, DoolitUe,
Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, I-Ijuris, Howe, Johnson of
Missouri, Kennedy, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kan-
sas, Latham, McDougat, Pearce, Pomeroy, Powell, Sher-
man, Snnmons, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Thomson, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, Wilrnot, and Wilson—35.
NAST>3—Messrs. Bright, Clm k, Cowan, Fessenden, Foot,
Johnson of Tennessee, Polk, and Saulsbury—8.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the motion as amended, that the further
consideration of this bill be postponed until
to-morrow at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FKOM THE H0US15.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiiehidge, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the following bill and joint
resolution, in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested:
A bill (No. 83) for the temporary increase of
midshipmen in the Naval Academy; and
A joint resolution (No. 5) to examine the con-
dition of the Naval Academy, and inquire as to
the organisation thereof.
The message fftrther announced that tho House
had disagreed to the amendment of the Senate to
the amendmentof the House to the bill (S. No. 41)
supplementary to an act entitled (i An act to au-
thorize a national loan, and for other purposes,"
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and appointed Mr. Thad-
deits Stevens of Pennsylvania, Mr. Elbiudge
Or. Spaulding of JNew York, and Mr. Edwin H.
Webster of Maryland, managers at the same on
the pait of the House.
THE NATIONAL LOAN.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend went
to the amendmentof the House of Representatives
to the bill (S. No. 41) supplementary to an act
entitled 4'An act to authorize a national loan, and
for other purposes," disagreed to by tke House;
and,
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amendment to
the amendment of the House of Kepiesemativesto the said
bill, (ii&dgrued to f>y the flou&e, and agree to tho conterence
a<ki\l hy the House of Representatives on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon.
On motion by Mr. FESSENDEN, the Presi-
dent pro tempore was authorized to appoint the
committee on the part of the Senate; and Mr.
Fessenden, Mr. Clark, and. Mr. McDougall,
were appointed.
MESSAGE FKOM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. ETHERiDGE,its Clerk, announced that the
H ouse had passed a bill (No. 80) authorizing tho
construction of twelve small side-wheel steamers,
in which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested.
The message further announced that the House
hod passed the bill (S. No. 53) to prohibit the
sale of spirituous liquors and intoxicating drinks
i in the District of Columbia, in certain cases.
| The message furtherannounced that the House
I had passed the bill (S. No. 43) to prevent and
j punish fraud on the part of officers intrusted with
| the malcingofcontractsforthe Government, with
! amendments in which the concurrence of the Sen*
j ate was requested.
| The message furtherannounced that the House
| had disagreed to the amendments of the Senate to
