344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 30,
the bill of the House No. 54, to provide increased
VAvenue from imports, to pay interest oil the pub-
lic debt, and for other purposes, ask a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses there-
on, and had appoinieiMr. Thaddeus Stevens of
Pennsylvania, Mr. Justin S. Morrill of Ver-
mont, and Mr. Erastus Corning of New York,
managers at the same on the part of the House.
THE TARIFF BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House No. 54, to provide
increased revenue from imports, to pay interest
on the public debt, and for other purposes, dis-
agreed to by the House of Representatives; and,
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate thsist upon its amendments
to the said lull, disagreed to by the House of Representa-
tives, and agree to the conference asked by the House on
tile disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the Pres-
ident j)i'o tempore was authorized to' appoint the
committee on the part of the Senate; and Mr.
Simeons, Mr. Collamer, and Mr. Bright, were
appointed.
: ABMOIUSD SHIPS.
Mr. HALE, from the committee of conference
/ on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
\ / the bill (S. No. 36) to provide for the construc-
^ I tion of one or more armored ships and floating
\f batteries, and for other purposes, submitted the
following report:
The managers on the pait of the Senate on the disagree-
ing votes between the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 3fi)
to piovicte for the construction of one or more armored
ships and floating batteries, and tor other purposes, have
met tile managers on the part of the House, and, after fuii
and free conference, have mutually agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, that the Senate recede from its dis-
agreement to alt the amendments of the House, and concur
therein.
JOHN P. HALE,
JOHN II. THOMSON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
C. I). SEDGWICK,
ALEXANDER II. ltlOlS,
JAMES E. ENGLISH,
Managers on tl£e part of the House.
Mr. HALE. I simply want the Senate to un-
derstand what the committee have done. There
was no real disagreement between the two Houses
except as to the first amendment, which was to
insert the word "completing." That was ob-
jected to in the Senate, because it was supposed
.to look to Stevens's battery. Since that, both
Houses have passeda joint resolution appointing
■ a special commission to examitie Stevens's bat-
tery, and to report to Congress at the next ses-
sion; and if the report be such as will be satis-
factory, then tin appropriation may be made by
Congress. The committee of conference thought
that, inasmuch as there was a special resolution
passed in relation to Stevens's battery, and a spe-
cial board appointed to examine it, and no appro-
priation could be made till after they had reported
to the next session, it was safe to leave this bill
as it had been amended by the House of Repre-
sentatives, because Stevens's battery would be
taken out of its operation. The committee there-
fore recommend a concurrence with the action of
the House of Representatives.
Mr. GRIMES. I inquire of the chairman of
the Naval Committee what was the necessity of
keeping the words " or completing" in the bill,
if they did not refer to Stevens's battery?
Mr. HALE. They were put in at the sugges-
tion of some member of the committee, who sug-
gested that it might bo probable that there would
be some boats that were not entirely finished that
would answer the purpose of the Government,
and that it was well enough to leave thisas it was.
Mr. GRIMES. Is the Senator aware of any
that are in process of completion ?
Mr. HALE. I do not know anything about
tliem; but that was the suggestion made ill com-
mittee, and it met the concurrence of the commit-
tee. I can assure the Senator, so far as my judg-
ment goes—and it was the unanimous opinion of
the committee with the exception of the Senator
from Iowa—that the joint resolution, to which I
have alluded .having special reference to Stevens's
battery, and naming it in express terms, and ap-
pointing a committee to examine it, and prohibit-
ing the Department from making any expenditure
on it until their report should be made, took it en-
tirely out of the operation of this bill, and that
therefore there was nothing to be apprehendod
from it.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no immediate or direct
interest either in Stevens's battery or any other
batteries or armored ships that may have been
built, or that may be in process of completion, by
the Government, or by individuals; but 1 wish
to state, as the bill was originally introduced into
the Senate by me at the instance of the Depart-
ment, and referred on my motion to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, why the bill was intro-
duced.
It was supposed to be possible that a conflict
with some foreign Power might grow out of our
present complications, and that in that event it
might be important to provide armored batteries,
floating steam batteries, for the defense of the va-
rious Harbors along our sea-coast. I think the
experiments in France and in England and in this
country,have demonstrated that, however value-
less or however valuable armored ships may be
as cruisers, they certainly are destined to be val-
uable for the defense of harbors. That, I think,
is the opinion of the scientific men in this coun-
try and in Europe. It would be very important,
under such a condition of circumstances, that the
Government should have the power, under some
bill to be passed by Congress, to construct float-
ing batteries for the defense of our harbors, that
could take position anywhere to resist the attack
of the fleet of an enemy. These batteries can be
constructed, as I understand, at from $150,000
to $200,000 each. In this bill we have appro-
priated §1,500,000 for the construction of these
batteries, which will bo enough,as wo understand,
(if we are correctly informed as to what will be
the probabfe cost of them,) to furnish one or more
batteries to each of the principal harbors along
our coast. Now, the adoption of this amendment
may—I do not say that it will—cause the whole
amount of that appropriation of $1,500,000 to be
swallowed up in the completion of Stevens's bat-
tery. They tell us now that it will cost #812,000
to complete it. They undertook to build it at the
start for $400,000; there has already been ex-
pended on it $700,000; and now they tell us that
it will require considerably more than one half the
entire amount appropriated in this bill which we
scut to the House of Representatives for the con-
struction of several steamers, to complete this bat-,
tery; and if they miss their calculations as far, in
regard to the cost of its completioli, as they
hitherto have done, it will engross the whole
amount of money that we appropriate in the bill
—$1,500,000.
We have already passed a joint resolution
through Congress authorizing the Secretary of the
Navy to appoint a commission of experienced
officers to go and report as to the condition and
probable value of this Stevens battery. If the
case be as the Senator from New Hampshire has
stated, why not be content with that? Why in-
sist upon the insertion of the words " or com-
pleting" in this bill ? We all know we were told
in this body, and they were told in the House of
Representatives, why it was. Wc were told that
it was for the express purpose of covering Ste-
vens's battel y. If gentlemen arc willing to leave
it to any board of commissioners that may be
created to determine whether $812,000 of this ap-
propriation bill shall be diverted to the completion
of that particular battery, well and good; I shall
submit. I only want the Senate to understand
exactly what is the question before them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is quite evident, I think,
that some evil-disposed person has been taking
advantage of the unsuspecting simplicity of my
friend from New Hampshire. He says that this
battery cannot be taken into consideration by the
commission provided for in this bill, because it is
specially provided for in a separate joint resolu-
tion which has been already passed. He has for-
gotten that a law passed to-day may be nullified
and superseded by another law, which is incon-
sistent with it or overrules it, passed to-morrow.
Being later, it would have that effect. Therefore
the idea that this bill can have no effect upon that
battery, is simply a mistake, and a very obvious
one.
My friend from Iowa asks (and the Senate will
see that the question is a very pertinent one) what
are these words put into this bill for? If the ob-
ject had not been avowed, it would have been
manifest, because it is perfectly well-known, as
well understood as anything can be, that only one
attempt has been made in this country to build
one of these iron-bound vessels, and that is the
Stevens battery, as it called. It stands alone by
itself. Therefore the idea that possibly there may
be some*>th«rs, has no sort of foundation. This
is nothing in the world but an effort, by indirec-
tion, to accomplish what the Senate has nullified
over and over again when presented directly to it,
getting only two or three votes in any case; get-
ting no support whatever here.
1 warn the Senate that unless they will expose
the country to have this thing stuck on the Gov-
ernment by maneuvering out of doors, they had
better put their hand on it now. If it has merits,
we have amply provided that those merits shall
be ascertained. How? Both Houses have agreed
up'on the appointment of a commission to exam-
ine Stevens's battery, and to report upon it; and
when that commission reports, we shall have the
matter before us. But its friends would prefer
that it should not come back to Congress at all;
that we should tie our hands by appointing a com-
mission with authority to close the bargain, to
spend the money upon this thing whatever it may
be; and therefore, for that object, they have put
into this later bill this clause, which refers to the
Stevens battery, and to nothing else. Hence all
the argument that the Senator from New Hamp-
shire has adduced in regard to it is unfounded in
point of fact; and it is as plain as anything can be
on the face of it, that the design is simply to nul-
lify the effect of that resolution which we have
passed incase thereportofthatcommission should
be adverse, by putting it into the hands of another
commission to expend the money without any
power in this branch of Congress, the other, ojc
anywhere, to revise their proceedings, and act on
the subject understanding^. It is like too many
other things of the same sort that have gone
through Congress in the sam? way. I tell Sen-
ators that unless they are willing that $800,000
should be appropriated to this object, without any
power of revision on their part, and at the immi-
nent risk of having it wasted, as I believe it would
be—I am willing to wait and see what the com-
mission report that has been appointed—they had
better put their hands on this now, and reject the
report of the committee.of conference. It will, I
fear, be too late after we have agreed to it, to pre-
vent the accomplishment of the purpose.
Mr. HALE. Of all the compliments that are
ever paid to a man in this world, I think he ap-
preciates least those that are paid to h isgood nature
at the expense of his sagacity. I will state, for
the information of the Senate, that this matter was
fully considered in the committee, in all its bear-
ings, and that every member of the committee ex-
pressed an opinion on it. When Congress had
appointed a special commission, and devolved
upon them the specific duty of examining Stev-
ens's battery, and ascertaining what the cost of
completing the same would be, and how soon it
could be completed, arid the expediency thereof,
and instructed them to report at the next session
of Congress, we thought it would be an unjust
and unwarrantable suspicion of the integrity of
the Secretary of the Navy to suppose that, under
the general provisions of this bill, he would go
on, without any such examination, to do what
Congress had directed him to do with the exam-
ination that is provided for in the joint resolution
which I hold m my hand, and which is now a
law, and which, if the Senate will give me their
ear, I will read:
'■That the Secietary of the Navy be authorized to ap-
point a boaid of examiners to examine the iron steam bat-
tery now building at lioboken, New Jersey, and to ascer-
tain what will be the eo.>tof completing the,.ame, and how
soon it can be completed, and the expediency thereof, and
report thereon for the nest meeting of Congress."
It was the opinion of every member of the
committee of conference, both from the Senate
and the House of Representatives—I do not speak
for the Senator from Iowa; he has spoken for
himself—that it was extravagant to suppose that
any Secretary who was entitled to the confidence
of the country or of Congress, with such a reso-
lution as that staring him in the face, would, un-
der the general provisions of this bill, go oil and
spend $800,000 on Stevens's battery. This was
a matter that did not pass in silence. It did not
slip away in the good nature of a committee that
did not examine the subject in all its aspects.
Then it is asked why was that phrase put in if
