1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
345
it did not look to Stevens's battery? The Senator
from Iowa asks me if I know anything about
what vessels are being built or are in the course
of construction? I do not know anything about
it at all. I have not had occasion to inquire.
The Senator from Maine says he does. Well,
sir, he must know it from intuition. The sug-
gestion was made whether, when you were au-
thorizing the Department to make provision for
constructing these vessels, it would be wise and
expedient to debar them in this bill from availing
yiemselves of any incipient undertakings that
might have been made; or whether it would not
be wiser to leave it generally for them to con-
struct or complete, if there were any that were
commenced that would answer their purposes,
better than to commence de novo ?
Now, sir, I am as desirous to guard against
tricks as anybody, but I do not apprehend any
here. I do not suspect them. I believe that the
Secretary of the Navy is a man, to say the least,
of ordinary integrity; and I put it to the Senate
if there is a single man here, if he was in the De-
partment, with this joint resolution staring him
in the face, who would undeitake, under the pro-
visions of this bill, to assume to go on and spend
eight hundred thousand or a million dollars in
completing Stevens's battery.
The matter is of very little consequence. If
anybody sees a very ferocious animal covered up
under this meal, 1 do not blame him fbr stirring it
up. I do not see any such animal, I do not sus-
pect it; but I believe the bill is what it purports
on Us face to be—and that is, a bill authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to construct the ves-
sels described, or, if he finds any such vessels
partly constructed that will answer his purpose,
to complete them. Nor do I understand, though
i do not profess to be a navai architect, that an
iron-clad steamer is to be of such peculiar naval
architecture that there need be a difference in the
laying of the keel and building the frame from
what there would be if she was not iron-clad.
There may be a vessel that is started not to be
iron-clad, that may be converted into an iron-clad
steamer; and all in the world this bill does is'to
allow the Secretary to complete a vessel, instead
of compelling him to begin de novo in every in-
stance, if he finds one partly done that the owners
are willing to abandon and sell, and that he can
get cheaper than by beginning anew.
Having made this explanation, I leave the bill
and leave my sagacity to be judged of by the vote
of the Senate.
Mr. TEN EYCIC. Although the hour is very
late, at the risk even of losing the measure, I want
to say a word. As I generally do not struggle
for the floor, 1 come m usually near the last of
the fray in relation to these matters. But, sir,
this is a subject in which the people of New Jersey
are deeply concerned; and 1 beg that the Senate
will pardon me for a few moments while I submit
some additional observations.
I profess to be a friend of this measure without
any out-door influences under heaven. No man
lias approached me, and no man could. I am a
friend of this measure because I conscientiously
believe that wc need it; and, if we do not complete
this battery, we shall have bitter cause to rue it—
especially wo who are engaged in commerce and
ijve on the sea-board.
The Senator from Iowa sees a bugbear in this
battery. He is the only gentleman, as I under-
stand, upon the committee of conference, who
has not reported in favor of it. It is a bugbear
to him, and has been from the commencement,
and he has characterized it as worthless and use-
less in every way in which it is proper and suit-
able for him to do so. I believe that the other
day he even called if. a ram. Well, sir, if it be a
ram, I want to put itagainst Bull's Hun. While
you are sending your regiments to Manassas
Junction, who are met as they have been there, I
want to send a vessel, even if it be a ram, along
our sca-coast to make offensive war, and to post
it in our harbors as a defense.
Mr. GRIMES. Allow me to say to the Sen-
ator that I did not call it a ram by way of reproach.
It is claimed for this battery that it has great
powers of propulsion, by which it is going to run
down whips of war. Such vessels in England are
called rams, and it was for that reason that I de-
signated it in that way, not by way of reproach.
Mr. TEN EYCK. In that point of view, it
may be a ram; but I tell the gentleman it is a
great deal more than a ram. He might just as
well undertake to compare it to a ram as to com-
pare this Capitol, with all its architectural adorn-
ments, to a brickbat. The genius which devised
and projected this machine has constituted itsome-
thing more than a mere machine to rush through
the water. It has an armament upon it which
will carry destruction wherever it goes, and is so
shielded and covered and so framed that no shot
or shell can penetrate it.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator from New
Jersey allow me to ask him a question? I want
to inquire of him whether he claims that, under
the bill now before the Senate, the Stevens bat-
tery can be completed ?
Mr. TEN EYCK. That is my understanding
of it. #
Mr. CLARK. That is what I wanted to know.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I understand that any ves-
sel or battery, now in process of completion, may
be examined, the plans and specifications looted
into by this highly respectable and intelligent
board of'naval officers, to be appointed by the
Secretary of the Navy, whose honor will pro-
hibit them from reporting in favor of a job; and
if it does cost $813,000 to complete it, it does not
cost as much as one of our six, seven, eight, or
ten regiments sent from the State of New Jersey,
who cost us, in addition to the pay they receive
from the Government, sixty-odd thousand dollars
a year; and by which we have stripped our soil
of Us proper defense. We ask, in the absence of
the children of our State in Virginia and upon
the litajs, that we shall have an engine that we
need for the protection of our coasts hundreds of
miles m length, and our harbors, and tfte groat har-
bor of New York; and I think it is a very small
thing, indeed, to grant us the privilege of a board
of officers to investigate the propriety of its com-
pletion merely, when it has been recommended
by the Secretary of the Navy on the report of a
highly distinguished officer in the Navy, sent for
the express put pose of looking into it.
I will not take up the time of the Senate. It
has been said that it has met with no support here.
It has not been contested very strongly, because
my friend and colleague, who has especial charge
of this matter, was detained at his house by sick-
ness when it was up before, and ,1 submitted to
the Senate just such views as occurred to me on
the spur of the moment, and the yeas and nays
were not called for. If no one else calls for them
on this motion to agree to the report of the com-
mittee of conference, I shall call for the yeas and
nays myself; and I should like to know, then,
whether the sense of the body is against it. If it
is manifest on a test of that kind, 1 shall yield.
Mr. HALE. I simply want to say that, how-
ever much truth and force there may be jn the
suggestions that have been made by the Senator
from New Jersey—and I do not intend to contro-
vert them—I think he nnsundei stands the precise
position in which thequestionisbcforetheSenute.
Mr. TEN EYCK. It may be so.
Mr. HALE. The joint resolution appointing
a board to examine this iron steam battery, to
ascertain the cost of completing it, how soon it
can be completed, and the expediency thereof,
and instructing them to report at the next session
of Congress, has already passed the two Houses,
received the sanction of the President, and become
a law.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I want this bill to pass in
the shape in which the committee of conference
have agreed upon it; go that if this board of ex-
aminers shall be satisfied that this vessel oughtto
be completed, the Secretary of the Navy will not
be required to wait until an appropriation shall be i
made next winter, when it may be entirely too late
to answer the exigencies of the public service,
which may require the use of the vessel before
that time, or before the time when it can be com-
pleted, if it is not commenced until after the next
session of Congress.
Mr. HALE. I will state very frankly to the
Senate—for I have no purposes to gratify, and no
concealments to make—that if that had been the
construction of the bill, it would not have received
the sanction of the committee of conference. The
question was put to every one of them specially
and specifically, and I am sure it would not have
received the sanction of the committee if that had
been the construction put upon it. But,to repeat,
the committee believed—the two Houses having
directed and limited the examination, and the
mode of it, what it was to be for, and what the
examiners were to do, by the joint resolution
already passed—that by fair implication with an
honest mind, it took Stevens's battery out of the
general operation of this bill. It was assented to in
committee—I think I violate no confidence when
I say it—by the honorable Senator from New Jer-
sey, [Mr. Thomson,] who was a member of the
committee, by myself, and by every member of
the committee from the House of Representatives.
This bill was recommendedto be passed with this
amendment in it, simply cypd solely because it
would be invidious to confine the Secretary ex-
clusively to the construction of vessels such as
were contemplated by the original bill, and ex-
clude from his discretion entirely the incipient
attempts that might have been made at building
similar vessels. That is the whole of it.
Mr. CLARK. As I understand the history of
this matter, the Senator from Iowa brought into
the Senate a bill for the purpose of building some
armored ships. It was passed by the Senate and
sent to the House of Representatives. The friends
of the Stevens battery caused the bill to be
amended in the House of Representatives in such
a way that they supposed tnat battery could be
completed and finished under it. It came back
to the Senate with those amendments. Believing
that the amendments were sufficient to authorize
the finishing of that battery, the Senate refused
to agree to the amendments, and sent the bill back
to the House of Representatives without concur-
ring in the action of the House. Then a com-
mittee of conference was appointed, and I under-
stand now that that committee have agreed to the
amendments of the House of Representatives,
believing that they do not accomplish the purpose
for which they were put in the bill originally. I
understand that the Senator from New Jersey,
(Mr. Ten Eyck,] a friend of the Stevens battery,
contends that they do answer the purpose, and
that under these amendments the Stevens battery
can be completed. If for no other reason, it seems
to me the very ambiguity and uncertainty of the
bill should lead us to reject this report. A mem-
ber of the Committee of conference says that under
this bill you cannot complete the battery. A friend
of the battery says that you can complete it under
the bill, and he wants it for the very purpose of
having this money applied to that object, without
waiting for Congress to assemble. Then the ques-
tion comes up, do we want the battery completed,
and in this sideway, indirect manner? 1 think
the report should be recommitted, and let the Sen-
ate say fairly and openly and squarely whether
they desire that battery to be completed or not;
and if they do, pass a bill for that purpose about
which there shall be no dotibt, so that we can
know, and the country can know, what legisla-
tion we arc pursuing.
Mr. THOMSON. When the report was made
by my friend, the chairman of the committee, I
was m the other branch of the Capitol, where
the report had been presented; and I may state
that it has been agreed to by that House. I think
there have been some very injurious imputations
made upon the friends of Stevens's battery, as if
they had contrived to have inserted in the bill that
was originally passed in the Senate of the United
States, a woid under which they could smuggle
in the Stevens battery for a share of this appro-
priation. There was nothing of that kind. The
Committee on Naval Affairs in the House of Rep-
resentatives, I believe, unanimously proposed the
amendment for the purpose of bringing in any
vessel that might be on the stocks, in the way of
completion, at this time. I believe myself that
the Secretary of the Navy would have had just
as much power to smuggle in the Stevens bat-
tery, (if that is the proper term,) under the ori-
ginal bill, as it was introduced by the Senator
from Iowa, as he has now with the words "or
completing" added to it. I know that was the
opinion of a great many of the friends of Mr.
Stevens; but, as was stated by my friend, the
chairman of the committee, we thought it an in-
vidious distinction, somewhat of an imputation
on the integrity and sagacity of the Secretary of
the Navy; and we also thought it might be re-
garded as a congressional condemnation, in ad-
vance of everything except the small vessels that
were in contemplation by the Senator from Iowa
