346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 30,
when he introduced this bill. That was one of
the prominent reasons why the committee re-
ported in favor of the House amendment.
I will state further that what the Senator from
New Hampshire said was perfectly true, that, the
three members of the committee from the House
ofRepresentativcs believed that the Secretary was
absolutely excluded from doing anything in ref-
erence to Stevens's battery by the joint resolution
that was passed a few days before the passage of
this bill. The Senator from Maine seems to sup-
pose that if the report of the committee shall be
adopted, $800,000 m3y be expended on this worth-
less battery of Stevens's, as he regards it, right
away. In the first place,it is provided that there
shall be a commission, a board of examiners in
the one case, and a board of skillful naval officers
in the other. They have to make an examination;
they have to make a great many experiments;
and the application and experiments necessary
before they can make a proper report to the Sec-
retary of the Navy, I undertake to say, will oc-
cupy the time of these boards at least a month,
if not two months I apprehend that the Secre-
tary will take his time to examine those reports
before he does anything in the premises. That
would bring it up to the 1st day of November.
How much money .will he spend in November,
before we meet in December? Nothing at all.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator allow me to
inquire whether he claims that, under this bill,
he can expend any? That is the point.
Mr. THOMSON. 1 do not know; but I think
he can expend just as much for Stevens's battery '
without these two words as with them. I do not
believe myself there is very much in these two
wouls at all. I never did believe so.
Mr. SUMNER and others. Let them go.
Mr. THOMSON. The report has been ac-
cepted by the House, and I hope it will be accepted
by the Senate, and let us get rid of the thing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have had experience
heretofore of the extreme danger of leaving great
jobs of this kind to commissions from the Secre-
tary of the Navy, tjie Secretary of War, or any-
body else. Giving them all credit for honesty,
such arc the appliances that arc brought to bear
on men in regard to these things whfch have so
much "money m them," as the saying is, that it
is exceedingly dangerous for Congress to let them
go out of their own hands, in my judgment; and,
unless we want to follow in the footsteps of our
illustrious predecessors, I advise Congress to
keen their hands on them in nil cases, it is per-
fectly obvious that it is the understanding of both
the Senators from New Jersey, in spite of what
has been said by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, that tliey are anxious to keep these words
in, for the purpose of Securing the purchase or
completion of Stewns's battery.
Mr. THOMSON. The Senator will excuse
me. I said 1 thought we had as much power
under the original lull as it passed the Senate, as
wo had with the words inserted by the House of
Representatives.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Exactly; but yet the Sen-
ator insists upon retaining those words. The
mere matter of agreeing to the report because the
other House has agreed to it, amounts to nothing.
It is not a long- matter;*and if we disagree to the
report, the difference can soon be arranged. This
question goes to the very root of the matter, and
that is whether, on this pretense—for it is noth-
ing more—that there is a want of power to pur-
chase, we will do it; or whether, if there is no
want of power, it is to be left to the Secretary of
the Navy?
The Senator fromNew Hampshire has shifted
liis ground a little. In the fust place, he put it
on the legal ground that there was no power to
purchase it, because the matter had been provided
for before. That joint resolution has passed; this
bill is to pass to-day; and because that has passed,
there is no objection to another bill afterwards
passing, conferring greater power, as this does,
which applies to all. The simple mode of coming
at it by any lawyer, would be this: " To be sure,
this commission was provided; but afterwards
Congress provided another; and therefoie it is
evident that they were not satisfied with the first."
The argument, in fact, is in favor of it, it' Con-
gress, after passing that joint resolution, should
sec fit to pass this bill, which manifestly covers
—and was intended to cover, for nobody denies
that—the very question in dispute. The argu-
ment before the commission will be, "Congress
so acted as to show that they meant to do this;
that was their design; it was so avowed and un-
derstood in some quarters." Then, abandoning
the ground of right, and agreeing that the Secre-
tary of the Navy would have the power, as he
clearly would, to spend the money, comes the
argument, " Oh, but the Secretary of the Navy,
when he sees that this was provided for by the
commission before, will not spend the money on
this battery." That is the very danger I want to
shuii. I do not wish to have this matter left open.
If such is the intention of Congress, I want to
have the commission first, and act on it after-
wards.
In regard to so large a sum of money, I do not
want i#Jeft to the discretion of anybody. I warn
the Senate that if they do it, they will see before
the next session of Congress—no, I do not say
they will; I should hope they would not; 1 should
hope such a commission would be appointed as
would act fairly and honorably on the subject—but
they may see, and they would not be very un-
likely to see, acontract made, bindingon the Con-
gress of the United States, to spend §312,000 out
of this §1,500,000, for the purchase of this enorm-
ous vessel. I hope we shall do no such thing;
but let us reject this report of the committee of
conference, and confine the bill to wha£ it was
intended to reach in the first place,and leave Ste-
vens's battery to the operation of the provision we
have heretofore made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, "Will the Senate concur in the report made
by the committee of co#ferencc ?" *
Mr. THOMSON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope the Senate will
concur in this report. I understand the effect of
this bill is, that the Secretary of the Navy shall
appoint three distinguished officers of the Navy
to examine this floating battery and other floating
batteries; and if they find that it is an instrument
worth having as an engine of war, that authority
shall be granted to purchase it. I understand my
friend from Maine does not want to do it. I do
want to do it. I say that if this engine can be pur-
chased and completed for §800,000, or §500,000,
or any less sum of money, it is of more consc-
quence to have such an instrument anfl engine of
war at this time in relation to our blockade and in
relation to the harbors upon the southern coast,
than one regiment of men that costs us more than
a million dollars a year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Whether it is good for
anything or not?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, sir; not whether it is
good for anything or not. I understand it can
only be purchased when three men, who shall be
appointed by the Secretary of the Navy, who are
skilled upon this question, shall decide that it is
worth something.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose they are mis-
taken ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator says, sup-
pose they are mistaken: are they more likely to
be mistaken than wo who sit here and never saw
it and know nothing at all about it? Who does
not know to-day that England and France'have
got iron or steel-clad ships of war that can enter
any port of the United States; and if there is such
an instrument as this that we can have and use
and complete, why shall we not do it?
Mr. GRIMES. I will say to the Senator that
England has not got a single iron-clad ship that
can enter a port of the United States, and that
Francehasonly one such vesselafloat—Le Globe—
and she can only carry live days'coal and cannot
begin to cross the Atlantic.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am not talking about
crossing the Atlantic; I am talking aboutusingit
on our own coast and passing into our own har-
bors.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator asked who did
not know that England and France had ships that
could enter any port of the United States?
Mr. THOMSON. Those are wooden ships.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Iowa
says that the ship referred to is so heavy, I sup-
pose is so heavy from its steel-clad armor, or the
iron with which it is clad, that it cannot carry
coal enough to come over the Atlantic. Cannot
it bring transports with it that will carry coal?
Mr. GRIMES. _In the first place, it has never
been tested, except in passing from one part of
Franco to another in the Mediterranean sea, and
it is a very problematical question whether any
vessel con be constructed of iron that can become
a cruiser, or that can pass up and down the coast.
The sole purpose of this bill is to enable the
Secretary of the Navy to construct some floating
steam batteries that can take position on cither
side of a harbor, or in the center of a harbor, to
resist the ingress of vessels of war.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Very well. The Secre-
tary of the Navy is to appoint three men who arS
skilled on this question to examine and to judge.
I believe myself that such a thing is possible and
can be constructed, and if these men who are
skilled in it report upon it, and find that it is pos-
sible and practicable, and can be obtained, I be-
lieve it will be worth as much as a regiment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Wis-
consin does not seem to know, I should think
from liis argument, that a commission to make
this examination has already been provided for by
another act. He seems not to be aware of that
fact at all. Nor does he seem to be aware of the
fact, that the Government have refused, for years
and years, to make any appropriation whatever
for this vessel, because men connected with the
Navy and scientific men, have declared that it was
utterly useless, and that it could not be good for
anything under any circumstances. Still we are
willing to make one more examination, to be re-
ported to Congress. I am in favor of having the
examination made if they want it, and of having
Congress to hold on to the money until it is made,
and then expending it if we deem it proper after
we see the report. The Senator from Wisconsin
is for having the examination made and having
the money expended without our knowing any-
thing about it, or without our having any appeal
made to us whatever. There is the difference be-
tween him and me—whether we shall hold the
purse strings of this large sum of money, or allow
the Secretin y of the Navy and the commissioners
to hold them.
"Mr. THOMSON. One word in reply to the
Senator from Maine. He speaks of this battery
as having been condemned by men of science and
by naval officers. I know it has been approved
by men of scicnce, and 1 have never yet heard a
man of science condemn it. 1 understood that
the other day my friend from Iowa gave as au-
thority a pos't captain in the Navy—one Captain
Gregory—who gave it as his opinion that the
thing was an entire failure, stating at the same
time that he had been at one time superintendent
of it. I think he is mistaken in that. But with
regard to the opinion of Captain Gregory, it is
worth as much as my opinion. The experiment
is an untried one, and it is certainly very unsafe
to pronouncc a thing a failure before it is tried.
I have no doubtatall of its success,from the very
character of the constructor, who was one of the
best mechanical minds in this country; one of the
purest men in this country; a man who, so far
from seeking to make a job, was the richest man
wo had in the State of New Jersey, who gave all
his time to the modeling, and afterwards to the
construction of the vessel as far as it has gone,
without a single dollar of remuneration; and his
brother, who is his executor and heir, proposes
now, and has offered, to give lus services and his
abilities, which arc very little inferior to those of
his deceased brother, without asking one dollar
in the way of remuneration from Congress.
Thcie is no job about it; not the least.
While I am up, I will say to my friend from Iowa,
that, though those iron-clad ships—the Gloire,
and the English vessel, the Warrior—would not
be able to carry coal enough to bring them across
the Atlantic, yet there is in the British navy,
and in the French navy, a very large number of
wooden screw steamers that can come over and
carry coal enough to bring them across the Atlan-
tic, and even to take them into the Pacific. Those
are the vessels that will be made use of in case of
any conflict with Great Butain in attempting to
enter our harbors of New York, Philadelphia,
Boston, and soon. What we want, then, is a ves-
sel of greater strength, of greater speed, of greater
power, in every way—such a vessel as that which
Mr. Stevens now has on the stocks. I believe
that vessel alone could prevent the ingress of as
many screw frigates as England could send out to
