348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 30,
tie year. This would only leave about one third
She usual number in the Academy. Now, as ill
prepared as this third class may be for graduation,
unquestionably their services would be more val-
uable to the country at the present time than
hlniost any person taken from the walks of civil
life. I now yield to my friend from Pennsyl-
vania, who wishes to make an inquiry of me.
Mr. WRIGHT. I wish to inquire if the terms
of this bill are the same as those of the bill which
was originally before the Committee on Military
Affairs, as to filling vacancies caused by resigna-
tion?
Mr. OLIN. Substantially the same as the pro-
vision which passed the House in another bill,
and which was stricken out by the Senate.
Mr. WRIGHT. How does the bill propose
to fill vacancies that have occurred by resignation ?
Mr. OLIN. It does not propose to fill vacan-
cies at all; those are provided for by existing law.
It only proposes that «ach member of Congress
may nominate one additional cadet; and it further
proposes that from those congressional districts
where no nomination is made, the President may,
if he sees fit, fill up the vacancies thus occurring.
MESSAGE FKQM TUB SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, their Secretary, announcing that the
Senate have passed without amendment an act
(H. R. No. 81) making appropriations for the
purchase of aims for the volunteers and regular
troops of the United States.
Also, that the Senate have passed bills of the
following titles, in which he was instructed to ask
the concurrence of the House:
An act (No. 52) to provide for the purchase of
arms, ordnance, and ordnance stores;
An ac"t{No. 53) to prohibit the sale of spirit-
uous liquors and intoxicatmgdrinksin the District
of Columbia, in certain cases; and
An act^No. 54,) requiring an oath of allegiance,
and to support the Constitution of the United
State's, to bo administered to certain persons in
ciyjl service of the United States.
J? MILITARY ACADEMY.
| f Mr. OLIN. I am willing to answer all ques-
'* lions for information, as it is my desire before
taking my seat to move that the bill bejtut on its
passage.
Mi. Speaker, I will add one word further to
what I have already said. The capacity of the
Academy is such Lliat it will accommodate about
four hundred cadets; and with the present work-
ing Machinery and facilities of the school, its ex-
penses would be but little increased by the pro-
posed addition of cadets, because the additional
expense would consist merely of the subsistence
and clothing of the number added. The other
expenses will be exactly the same as if there were
no increase. This wiil bo .self-evident to every
member.
Mr. WRIGHT. I would like the gentleman
to inform the House how vacancies caused by
resignations are to be filled'
Mr.,0L1N. They are not to be filled at all by
this bill. The gentleman might be supposed to
know what is known to everybody in the House,
that if a vacancy occurs in the senior or junior
classes, it would be difficult to find young men
so well educated in the military branches of the
Academy as to fill that vacancy. When a vacancy
occurs, the Representative of the district in which
the vacancy happens makes anomination, but the
cadet nominated goes into the lowest class.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from New
York lias not answered the question of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. The law,as I under-
stand it, prov ides thot whenever there isa vacancy,
whether in the senior, the junior, or any other
class, the member of Congress representing the
district should fill it, and fie enter that class. That
is the way the vacancies by resignation are filled.
Let me ask the gentleman from New York a
question. The bill does not propose fiom what
States the appointments given to the President
shall be made. It provides that he shall appoint
cadetsfiomthe districts which are not represented
in Congress. The bill does not confine his ap-
pointments io the districts unrepresented; and I
would like to have from the gentleman from New
\oik some explanation on this point.
Air. OLIN. I reply to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, that the bill leaves those appointments to
the discretion of the President. I have no doubt
in my own min-d that such vacancies will be filled*,
wherever they can be, from the districts which
are not represented. 1 know that my friend from
Kentucky would fill any vacancy which might
occur in his district. I trust, too, that there are
many loyal districts in the State of Tennessee,
and other States which claim to have seceded, in
which the President could find those who would
take the oath required, and enter the Academy,
and do credit to themselves and the country. 1
move that the bill be put on its passage.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I
desire to say a few words on this bill. I am op-
posed to it m the form in which it is now submit-
ted; and I am especially opposed to the unheard of
and execrable oath requiredby one ofits sections.
There is no inconsistency, not the slightest, be-
tween the allegiance which every man owes to
the State in which he lives, and of which he is a
citizen, and the allegiance which he bears to the
United States. They are perfectly reconcilable;
but proceeding upon the assumption of some in-
herent inconsistency, this bill proposes to require
of eT{£py cadet an oath of renunciation of the alle-
giance which he owes by birth or adoption to his
State, it is an oath which ought not to be re-
quired of any young man of honor or of any citi-
zen of a free country. I denounce the oath, too,
as unconstitutional. All that that instrument pro-
vides is only for an oath to support it. 1 am sur-
prised, sir, that a measure could be introduced
into this House requiiing any such oathfromany
citizen of the United States.
in the next place, I am opposed to the increase
of the appointing power and patronage of the
President, which this bill proposes. Whenever
a district fails to be represented here, this bill
undertakes to give to the President the power of
appointing, not from that district, but from any
portion of the United States he may select.
Mr. OLIN. I misunderstood the gentleman
from Ohio, if he proposes to go into the general
merits of this bill. 1 yielded the floor to him
simply for the purpose of making interrogatories
for information. It is not my purpose to have the
time of the House taken up with a protracted dis-
cussion of this bill. I do not surrender the floor
for any such purpose.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I begto know why
it is that discussion is not allowed upon a measure
of this kind, reported here suddenly, without
ever having been printed for the information of
the House? That alone is one of the strongest
arguments which could be urged against this or
any other measure, and I trust that the gentleman
will not insist on suppressing nil argument.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is entitled lo the floor.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I appeal to the gen-
tleman from JNew V'oi k to permit me to finish the
remarks I have already commenced. I do not
propose to occupy the floor much longer.
Mr. OLIN. 1 do not piopose to open the gen-
eral merit* of the bill for discussion. If I were to
do so for the gentleman from Ohio, common cour-
tesy would demand that I should do so for all
others,
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Not at all. I think
that one member of the House should be allowed
to oppose a measure, and one member to support
it. That has been the uniform custom of this
House where there has been any debate at all.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in or-
der. The gentleman from New York is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then, sir, let it go
upon the record that this bill has been forced upon
Us passage without debate. I propose, sir, to
discuss it in that great hereafter to which I
have so often had occasion of fate to appeal.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to nutke an inquiry?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object. *Let there
be an equality of lights here.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I only want to make an
inquiry.
1 he SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York cannot yield the floor unless by unanimous
consent, or unconditionally.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 trust that this bill will not
be put on its passage without debate.
Mi. OLIN. I did not suppose, at this stage of
the session, that a^bill of this character would
require any protracted discussion. It presents
the simple question whether we shall increase the
number of cadets now at the West Point Mili-
tary Academy, because of the present exigency
of our affairs, or not. That is substantially the
whole of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. It doubles the number of
cadets.
Mr. OLIN. It does not double the number of
cadets. If the gentleman had paid attention to
the discussion thus far, or was aware of the con-
dition of things at West Point, he would know
that this bill will only make the number of cadets
what it was in ordinary times.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me make an inquiry.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to the gen-
tleman yielding the floor, unless lie does so un-
conditionally.
Mr. OLIN. I cannot do that. It adds one
cadet for each district in the United States.
Mr. STEVENS. Is not that doubling it?
Mr. OLIN. No, sir. Two classes have al-
ready been graduated, and now it is proposed to
graduate another. The actual number of cadets
therefore will not be increased materially, in the
event contemplated.
One word in reference to the oath which has
been referred to. It has been misstated—I will
not say intentionally, because that would be dis-
courteous; but I may be permitted to remark that
it seems to be in keeping with the gentleman's
mode of discussingquestions in this House. „The
bill does not require any man to renounce his
allegiance to the State where he was born. It
docs, however, do what, under the Constitution,
every man in hiasenses must admit to be proper—
that the cadet shall bear true allegiance to the
United States at all times and under all occasions
whatsoever. The oath will not permit that he
shall, under the delusive and contemptible hum-
bug of State sovereignty, set aside lus allegiance
to the General Government whenever a band of
traitors and rebels shall choose to set up a defiant
authority. If that oath would press heavy upon
that gentleman's conscience, I should feel no un-
easiness to see its application made to him.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I cannot admire
the spirit of the man who will indulge in such
remarks.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then I call the
member from New York to order, and upon the
Speaker to prevent this personality, unless I am
allowed the piivilege to reply; then that member
may continue as long as he sees fit.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York will proceed in order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It is cowardly to
make these insinuations and then refuse to yield
to a reply.
Mr. OLIN. I object to any gentleman making
a reply while I am entitled to the floor upon this
bill.
I have explained the provisions of this bill, and
perhaps the House understands it as well as they
would by a long discussion of this question. I
ask that the bi^l be put upon its passage, and I
call the previous question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I demand the yeas
and nays upon the passage of the bill.
Air. STEVENS. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. BURNETT. And upon that I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 52, nays 72; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Ancona, Joseph Baily, George
H. Biovvne, Cobb, Coming, Cox. Ciavem, Divon, Dmi-
lap, Edjrcrton, Kenton, Kouke, llaight, ILurisoji, Ilol-
nian, Johnson, Law, Leary. Logan, Lovcjoy, McCleinand,
Ju>tm S. Moinll, Morris, Nixon, Noble, Noiton, Nusron,
Ode!!, Gooigc II. Pendleton, Pike, Pomeioy, Reid, Robin-
son, Smith, Spauldinu;, William G. Steele. Stevens. Strat-
ton. Thayor, Valhiiuhnham. Van Ilotn, Voorhees, Wads-
worth, Charles W. Walton, E. P. Walton, Chilton A.
White, VVicklilte, Woodt utf, Woieester, and Wiight—52.
NAYS—Mesons. Alley, Arnold, Af-hloy, Babbitt, Baker,
Baxter, Bingham. Fiaucis? P. Blan, SamuH S. Blair, Blake,
Buffinton, Campbell, Ciiambeilairi, Claik, Oollax, Fied-
enck A. Conklincr, Bo^eoe Conklmg, Cotiwnw Davis,
P.uvop. Delano, EdwauN, Eliot, Fo^enden. Frauchot,
Kiatik, Gooeh, Gianger.Gudoi *Guile>. Ilanehett, Hauling:,
iJutchms, Julian, Ivelley, Fianei> W. Kellogg. William
Kellogg, Lan1 nig, Lehman. Loom is, Sic Kcan, lSlc-Kiogiit,
McPheVaon, Mallorj. jMcMv/aes, Mitchell, Mooihead, AnJ-ori
P. Moiuli, Ohn, Pony, l'oiter, Alexander H. Rice, Kiddle,
