dm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 80,
Mr. SEDGWICK. The second section, which
is stricken out, is the provision for appointing
scholars to the Naval Academy, which we deemed
inappropriate to this bill; and another bill has been
passed for that purpose. That is the only alter-
ation in the bill.
The report of the committee of conference was
agreed to.
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF TIIE NAYY.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (S.NoSO) authorizing the appointment
of an Assistant Secretary of the Navy, and fixing
the salary for the same, and for other purposes,
"submitted the following report:
The managers on the part of the Senate, on the disagree-
ing votes between the two Houses on Senate bill No. 20,
authorizing tlie appointment of an Assistant Secretary of
the Navy, and fixing the salary of the same, and for other
purposes, have met the managers on the part of the House,
and, after full and free conference, have mutually agreed to
recommend, and do recommend, to their respective Houses,
to strike out the words " equal to the sea pay of a captain
in the Navy," from tho sixth and seventh lines of section
one of the bill of the Senate, and insert, in lieu thereof, the"
words, "$4,000and with this amendment, they recom-
mend that the Senate lccede from their disagieement to
the amendment of the House to that section of the bill.
Strike out the word " three" in line three of the amend-
ment of the House, and, in lieu thereof, insert "four;"
and with tins amendment, they recommend that the HoubC
recede from its amendment.
JOftV ]>. HALE,
JAMES YV. GRIMES,
J. A. McDOUGALL,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
C. B. SEDGWICK,
ALEXANDER II, RTCE,
J. E. ENGLISH,
Managers on the -part of the House.
The report of the committee of conference was
agreed to.
CONDITION OF TIIE NAVAL ACADEMY.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported a joint resolution to-cxamine
the condition of the Naval Academy, and to in-
quire as to the reorganization thereof; which was
read a first and second time by its title.
The joint resolution was read. It provides for
the appointment of a joint committee, to consist
of five Representatives and three Senators, to ex-
amine the condition of the Naval Academy, and
inquire whether any policy should be adopted for
the reorganization and improvement thereof, and
report to the next session of Congress.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. SEDGWICIC moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NEW WAR STEAMERS.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported back, without
amendment, andpwith a recommendation that it
do pass, House bill No. 80, authorizing tho con-
struction of twelve side-wheel steamers.
Tho bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Navy to cause
to be constructed, with the least possible delay,
twelve small side-wheel steamers of light draught
and great speed, and appropriates ยง1,200,000 for
that purpose.
Mr. BURNETT. That bill must go to the
Committee of the Whole on the slate of the Union,
tinder the rules of the House.
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the point
of order comes too late. The bill has been ordered
to a third reading.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM, Underthecircum-
stauces, the Chair ought not to insist upon that.
I have entered a protest once against tins mode
of doing business.
The" SPEAKER. The Chair is in doubt
whether the gentleman is not m time with his
point of order; and under the circumstances, the
Chair will sustain the point of order.
Mr. BURNETT. I made the point of order
as soon as I could hear the bill read.
The SPEAKER. That is true, The bill had
only been read by its title. The Chair sustains
the point of order under the circumstances; an^
the bill is refened to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
TREASURY-NOTE BILL.
Mr. WRIGHT. I'desire to ask unanimous
consent to have a bill, introduced by me in the
early part of this session and referred to a com-
mittee, ordered to be printed. It is a bill with
reference to the issuance of Treasury notes. It
was referred, and I was under the impression
that it was ordered to be printed; but I find, on
examination, that it has not been printed.
The SPEAKER. It is not usual, when bills
are referred to committees, to have them printed,
unless a specig.1 order be made for that purpose.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask a special order to have
this bill printed.
It was so ordered.
ISAAC ANDREWS AND OTHERS.
Mr. ALDRNWrl, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced bill for the relief of Isaac Andrews and
others; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
SIDE-WHEEL WAR STEAMERS.
r. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Buffin-
ton in the chair,) and proceeded to the considera-
tion of the bill (H. R. No. 80) authorizing the
construction of twelve small side-wheel steamers.
Mr. BURNETT. I should like to know if that
is the first bill on the Calendar?
The CHAIRMAN. It is the only one.
The bill appropriates $1,200,000, for the pur-
pose of having built twelve small side-wheel
steamers of light draught and great speed.
Mr. RICE,of Massachusetts. It is well known,
Mr. Chairman, that the naval force of the United
States, at tho present time, is quite inadequate to
maintain a perfect blockade, and at tho same time
to suppress privateers that arc preying on our
commerce. The Department has, on several oc-
casions, made requisitions on Congress, to which
it has liberally responded, for supplying deficien-
cies that have heretofore existed. I am informed
that the Department has also, at the present time,
persons employed in ascertaining what vessels
are available for the purpose of that Department,
and that they have procured nearly all, of suffi-
cient capacity and suitable construction for the
purpose. I am also informed that, in addition to
ail that has been purchased, or that are now
owned, or that are ordered to be built, there are
required about a dozen small side-wheel steamers
of light draught and of great speed/which shall
enable us to overtake these privateers, and follow
them into small bays,inlets, creeks, and whatever
other points they may resort to, to capture them
and to recover their prizes. The bill that is now
before the committee is drawn with reference to
that purpose. It is supposed that these boots will
carry one or two guns each, will draw from live
to seven feet water, and will be furnished with a
rudder before and behind, in order that, if they
get into small, narrow places, they will be able to
run one way as well as the other.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to know
whether these vessels are to be under the com-
mand of officers of the Navy ?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Of course they
are.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. And to be a part
of the Navy of the United States?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. By all means.
Mr. W1CK.L1FFE. 1 should like to have a
more distinct name given to these vessels. Al-
though we understand here that they are to con-
stitute part of the naval arm of the Government,
I suggest to the chairman of the Conynittee on
Naval Affairs, whether it would not be better to
designate them as war steamers, so that it may
not be supposed by the people that we are going
to build small steamers, for no other purpose than
to float in the water. If they are intended to be
part of the Navy, better call them war steamers.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The vessels are
described pretty well in the bill; but I have no
objection to having a specific name given to them,
if the' gentleman from Kentucky has one that he
desires to apply to them.
Mr. BURNETT. I am opposed to this bill.
I do not believe there is any necessity for passing
it, when taken in connection with some of the
measures that have already passed this House. I
believe that under a bill already passed, and which
has become a law, the Secretary of the Navy is
authorized and empowered, not only to charter
vessels for any length of time he may think proper,
but to go into the market and purchase any num-
ber of vessels which he may think the public
exigencies, or the servicc of the country, may
require.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I understand
that the Department has already availed itself of
that right, and has procured all suitable vessels
that were to be had. These vessels are required
to be constructed because such vessels do not
exist, and are wanted.
Mr. BURNETT. One of the evil results grow-
ing out of the hasty legislation of this session has
been the conferring on the heads of Departments
these extraordinary powers. I would not, myself,
have dared to breathe a suspicion against the pu-
rity and integrity of the heads of Departments;
but I must be pardoned if I refer to the authority
of gentlemen who are members of tho same po-
litical party, and are identified with this Admin-
istration, in reference to private operations and
movements. We hear by wholesale througlvput
the country, and we hear on the floor of this
House, charges of fraud of the gravest character.
We arc told that agents of the Government go
into market and pay double, treble, and quintu-
ple the prices that property is worth, and at
which they could be bought, if the4aw were com-
plied with. And yet, in face of such statements,
you confer on tfre Secretary of the Navy the power
to go into the harbor of Boston, New York, or
any other sea-port, and with no limitation what-
ever on him except his discretion and judgment,
to permit him to charter or purchase any portion
of the mercantile marine that he may think needed
for the public service. Whether this was done
to enable the constituents of the gentleman who
reports this bill, and others from that State and the
East, to employ the vessels which are nowlying in
harbor with their sails furled and their sailors dis-
charged, I cannot pretend to say. Therearedeep
complaints from New England, resulting from the
stoppage of trade and commerce. Hence I sup-
pose that in the philanthropy of Congress, and
its wisdom too, this power is conferred on the
Secretary of the Navy, to go there and charter
vessels. We arc now told that the supply is ex-
hausted, that no more suitable vessels are left in
the market, and hence that we must build twelve
small side-wheel steamers, at a cost of $1,200,000.
The Committee on Naval Affairs lias not even
seen proper to inform us where and for what pur-
pose these vessels are to be used, or where they
are to be built. But for the inexorable rules of
the House the bill would have been forced through
under the operation of the previous question, and
no member would have been permitted to say any-
thing in regard to it. This is another of the series
of measures passed by this Congress without even
an investigation, and with but few gentlemen un-
derstanding cither their scope or objects. We
have gone along at railway speed; so that, even, in
some instances, the committees that reported such
bills have been forced to come back and report
supplemental acts to explain and give direction to
them.
I should like to hear from the gentleman who
reports this hill, for what purpose these steamers
arc to be used. I cannot vote for it without know-
ing its necessity. My colleague's inquiry,in ref-
erence to what uses these steamers were to be
applied to, I thought a very appropriate one; but
I heard no response to it from the gentleman from
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I did not, myself, doubt
the object for which the vessels are required; but
I only wished that the bill should make the mat-
ter plain.
I take this occasion to say, while I am up, that
I dissent from the views of my colleague before
me, [Mr. Burnett.] If there is any outrage upon
humanity, if there is any method of taking human
life and destroying property more detestable than
any other, the practice of piracy is one which I
most condemn, and against which I will go fur-
