1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
thest, wherever it may be and whoever they may
be. It is a savage mode of warfare, ought to bedis-
eou ntenanced by Christianity, and ought to be put
down by whatever legislation may be necessary
for the accomplishment of that purpose. If these
vessels are necessary for that purpose, I am far
authorizing their construction.
The only feature of the bill which I object to
is, that the steamers are not sufficiently well de-
scribed as to their power and character. It will
not do to employ small steamers of light draught
to operate in the capture of these piratical vessels,
and prevent these depredations on your commerce.
They should be powerful armed vessels, such as
will enable them to meet in conflict and capture
the privateers.
Mr. BURNETT. "Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts give way for a moment further, to
enable me to say a word in reply to my colleague ?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. No, sir, I can-
not yield further. I desire to say a few words in
reply to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Burnett.]
I am not aware that any charges have been pre-
sented in th is House against the integrity or purity
of the head of the Navy Department. If there has
been,ithas notreached my oars, nor hasit reached
the ears of the Committee on Naval Affairs. We
have heard no such suspicions, coming from any
quarter whatever, upon the conduct of that De-
partment of the Government.
Now, sir, I desire to say further, in answer to
the gentleman from Kentucky, that my motive in
introducing this bill was by no means that it
should have the effect of leading to the employ-
ment of my constituents, or of any portion of them.
I say to lum, that I believe that not only my con-
■ stituents, but all the people of my State, have
shown themselves ready and able upon all occa-
sions, whether it be upon land or upon sea, to re-
spond to the call of their country, when its safety
is periled, whenever and wherever their services
may be required.
And I wish further to inform the gentleman
from Kentucky, that those men from Massachu-
setts who respond, on land or on sea, when occa-
sion requires their presence, are not men who are
destitute of other employments; not persons who
have no other resource in times of peace, or in
times of war, to which they could turn their atten-
tion.
Now,sir, there is, I believe-,only one other point
to which the gentleman directed my attention; and
that was the one to which these vessels are to be
applied. I am unable, of course, to say at what
point the Government may find it necessary to
use these vessels, at any given time in the prose-
cution of the war. They may be required, each
one of them, at one place to-day and at another
to-morrow. I can only say to him, that I am
informed that they are necessary, in the present
emergency, as an auxilhary of the American
Navy, and I have no doubt that the head of the
Navy Department will order them to report them-
selves for duty wherever there is found a piratical
craft preying upon the commerce of citizens of
the United States, or at any other place where the
authority of the United Slates is assailed.
Now, Mr. Chairman, in answer to thegentleman
from Kentucky, who last addressed the commit-
tee, [Mr. Wickliffe,] I can only say that my
information in regard to this bill is simply what
is lecited by the bill itself, so far as the character
and qualities of the steamers arc concerned. We
have already a very tolerable number of large,
strong vessels, those which are suited to general
naval purposes. These vessels are to be distinct
from any which have heretofore been authorized.
They are designed for a special service, to run
into shallow wateis where these privateeis resort
with their prizes, for the purpose of lecovering
such prizes. I now move that the committee
rise.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to reduce the num-
ber of vessels to be constructed to ten.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 rise to a question of
order. The gentleman from Massachusetts moved
that the committee rise. No remarks are there-
fore in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman will get
through much sooner by allowing me to go on. I
will not occupy five minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts moved that the committee rise and re-
port the bill to the House. The gentleman from
Kentucky proposes to offer an amendment, which
the Chair thin'ks takes precedence of the motion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The gentleman siitiply
moved that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. Then that motion must
be put without debate.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If that motion pre-
vails, the bill will not be reported to the House.
Mr. BURNETT. I trust the gentleman from
Massachusetts will not insist on his motion. It
will not take two minutes in saying what I have
to say.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I will withdraw
the motion, if the gentleman will renew it.
Mr. BURNETT. I will. Mf. Chairman, my
venerable colleague who sits behind me" [Mr.
Wickliffe] dissents from what I said. What
did I say ? I protested against this bill conferring
upon the Secretary of the Navy the unlimited
power of going into all the ports of the country
and chartering" vessels for the use of the United
States Government, or purchasing them, without
any restriction whatever upon his authority and
his own discretion. Now, the gentleman dissents
from what I said.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. The gentleman said he
was opposed to this bill.
Mr. BURNETT. My colleague does me in-
justice again. I did not say 1 was opposed to
this bill. I said I was opposed to authorizing the
construction of these vessels without knowing
what is the purpose for which they are designed,
and without knowing whether the exigency is
such as.to require their use at all or not. That
is what I said. And what else did I say.' I pro-
tested against the hasty and immoderate legisla-
tion of this body, in hurrying these important
measures through under the operation of the gag
law. In response to this, my colleague comes
here with a dissertation against piracy. Is there
any piracy in this bill? Was theie anything said
about piracy? Had any body referred to piracy?
Sir, I am as much opposed to piracy as the gen-
tleman. The laws of the United States declare
and define what piracy is; and when any citizen
is convicted for piracy before me, either as a
judge or juror, I will go for visiting upon him the
punishment denounced against him by the law.
This much I deemed it necessary to say be-
cause it seemed to me my colleague had sought,
by implication, to place me in a position that I
did not occupy; and this is not the first time my
colleague has sought to place me in such a posi-
tion. Hence I desire to enter my protest against
that course of remark; and now, having said what
I designed to say, in obedience to my promise, I
move that the committee rise.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I ask the gen-
tleman to withdraw the motion for a moment, to
permit me to offer an amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 withdraw the motion; and
the gentleman may take the bill into his own
keeping.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move, for the
purpose of meeting the point of the gentleman
from Kentucky, to insert, after the word" steam-
ers," the words " for the use of the Navy of the
United States."
Mr. WASHBURNE. I think that the gen-
tleman had better not make that amendment un-
less it is extended. If it includes the Navy, it
should also include the words "for the use of the
revenue service."
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I accept that
as a modification of my amendment. I add the
words ££ for the use of the Navy, or the revenue
service." The amendment, as modified, was
agreed to.
Mr. BURNETT moved that the committee
rise, and leport the bill.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Buffinton reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill-No. 80, authorizing the construction
of twelve small side-wheel steamers, and had d£
rected him to report the same back to the House
with an amendment.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, demanded the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union was concurred in; and
the bill, as amended, was ordered to be engrossed
and road a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
"" ii
NATIONAL LOAN.
Mr. STEYENS. Mr. Speaker, I move that
that the House insist on its amendments to Senate
bill No. 41, supplementary to an act entitled "An
act to authorize a national loan, and for other
purposes," and that it ask for a committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes between the
two Houses.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Stevens,
SpAtrLDiNG, and Webster, as managers at said
conference on the part of the House.
SALE OF LIQUOR IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that the House
take from the Speaker's table Senate bill No. 53,
prohibiting the sale of spirituous liquors and in-
toxicating drinks in certain cases, and that it be
put on its passage. No member will object who
will call to mind the scenes that have been wit-
nessed in this city during the past week. The
bill, under all circumstances, ought to be passed.
The bill provides that it shall not be lawful for
any person in the District of Columbia to sell,
give, or administer to any soldier or volunteer in
the service of the United States, or any person
wearing the uniform of such soldier or volunteer,
any spirituous liquor or intoxicating drinks; and
every person so offending is to be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction before a
magistrate or court having jurisdiction, is to be
punished by a line of twenty-five dollars, or im-
prisonedjbr thirty days.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. This bill is un-
questionably right; but I suggest that it ought to
be amended in one part of it. There will be liquor
given, and when given it will be given under cir-
cumstances perfectly justifiable, and perhaps ne-
cessary. It is the sale at tippling shops which
causes the misconduct alluded to by the gentle-
man from Illinois, and not the giving away of
liquor. It may be given properly by druggists
and physicians, under circumstances which would
render the giving of it proper and necessary. I
have seen soldiers in a condition when it was. an
act of humanity, perhaps, to administer some
stimulant.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Let tj^e gentleman sub-
mit his amendment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to insert,
after the word " give," these words: " with the
intention to evade the provisions of this act."
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. If the gentleman
fiom Ohio will allow me, 1 will suggest that the
words " to be used or diunk as a beverage," will
carry out his idea. Let the bill read, "given,
sold, or disposed of, to be used or drunk as a
beverage."
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I doubt whether
it will meet the idea which I have. It is as a bev-
erage that the soldiers may desire it. There are
times, certainly, when it is a very refreshing bev-
erage.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The words I
have suggested have received judicial construc-
tion, anil they obviate, I think, the objection made
by the gentleman from Ohio.
'Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I must insist oil
my amendment.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. While I am up,
I will suggest for the consideration of the gentle-
man from Illinois, that perhaps he may improve
his bill if he will add to it a section giving some
portion of the fine to those who shall inform
against persons convicted. Otherwise, I am afraid
that it will fall a little short. .
