THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, 'WASHINGTON, D, C.
Thirty-Seventh Congrf.ss, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, AUGUST 2, 1861.
New Series No. 23.
general election ih June; and two years from that
time, at the general Presidential election—making
the election of a member of Congress every al-
ternative two years simultaneous with the presi-
dential election, and the other alternative two
years at the general election in June.
The Senate of the State of Oregon passed a
similar bill, with this difference: that it should
not apply to this Congress. The two Houses
differed upon that point, and there was no election
at all.
The committee would have had no difficulty in
coming to the conclusion at which they have ar-
rived, that the time of holding an election for
Representative in Congress in Oregon was fixed
by the constitution of that State at the general
election to be held on the first Monday in June,
and that same constitution having provided that
the first of those elections should be upon the first
Monday in June, 3853, that the next election
would be upon the first Monday in June, 1860,
the time when the contestant was elected, had it
not been for this action by the Legislature of Or-
egon, which, although it never took the form of
law, was still such action as left upon the minds
of the committee the impression that the Legis-
lature of Oregon, notwithstanding this provision
of their constitution, did come to the conclusion
that they Inid control of this matter. However,
as each House must judge for itself, and cannot
peimit any other body to pass judgment for it of
the right of any man to a seat, it nevertheless
comes back to the House to place a construction
upon this provision of tlie constitution; and with
all'duc respect to thegentlemen who compose the
the Legislature of Oregon, although they failed to
put their views in the form of law, the committee
could come to no other conclusion than that which
I have stated to the House, and in which all the
committee concurred, namely, that the constitu-
tion of Oregon provides for the election of a mem-
ber of Congress at the time and in the manner in
which the contestant was elected; and that there-
fore he is entitled to the seat.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts whether there is
any minority report in this case?
Mr. DAWES. There is none. I stated to the
House that the committee were unanimous in this
report.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker, I would like
to be hcuid on this question before it is passed
upon by this House. £ am aware that it is a diffi-
cult matter for me to make any kind of headway
against the report of the committee who have de-
cided adversely to what i claim to he right in the
premises. I only desire that the House should
take into consideration certain facts and certain
principles connected with this matter, before they
pass upon it.
In the first place, the fourth section of the Con-
stitution of the United States provides that
"The times, places, and manner of holding elections for
Scmuois and Representatives, shall be pro&cnhed in each
State by the Legndatmu theieof; but Cons;! ess may,at any
time, by law, make or alter such regulations, except as> to
the place ol thooMiiq Senators.''
The House will bear in mind that this clause of
the Constitution provides that the times, places,
and manner of holding elections in the several
States for Representatives in Congress, shall bo
prescribed by the Legislature of each State. There
is no provision in the Constitution, that a consti-
tutional convention has the power or the right
to fix the times, places, and manner of holding
elections for Senators and Representatives. I
hold, Mr. Speaker, that this clause of the Consti-
tution is imperative, and that a convention which
frames a constitution for a State has no power to
fix the time and place for holding elections for
Representatives and Senators, but that they must
he prescribed by the Legislature of the State.
The Legislative Assembly of the State of Oregon
has never provided by law, except in one instance,
for the election of a Representative in Congress.
The claim of Mr. Slieil to the right to a seat
upon this floor is predicated upon the sixth sec-
23
tion of the schedule to the constitution of the State
of Oregon, which, I claim, was special, and was
fulfilled and had its termination when the first
election was held under that schedule. The ob-
ject. of that sixth section to the schedule to the
constitution of Oregon was to fix the time when
the first election should be held under and by vir-
tue of that constitution. I claim that the conven-
tion had no power to fix the time for any other
olcction except the first that should be held under
that constitution, because the Constitution of the
United States expressly provides that the times
and places of holding elections for Senators and
Representatives in Congress shall be fixed by the
Legislature of a State, and not by a constitutional
convention. The clause of the Constitution of
the United States is specific; and I undertake to
say, and firmly believe, that the convention who
funned the constitution of Oregon had 'no other
object in view except to fix the time when the first
election should be held. The sixth section to the
schedule to the constitution of Oregon reads as
follows:
If this constitution shall be latifipd, an election shall
be hold on the fust Monday in June, 1&>8, for the election
ol memheis of the Legislative Assembly, ,1 Representative
in Collin ess, and State and county otheeis; and the Legis-
lative Assembly shall convene at the capita) on the. litst
Monday In July, l«oS, and pioeecd to elect two tfenatoia
in Cotifsic-tf, and make such lutther provisions as may he
necessniiy to the complete oigaiiizatiou of a State govern-
ment."
The only object and design of that clause of the
schedule was to fix the time when the first, elec-
tion should be held. It was not calculated or de-
signed to reach any other election.
Again, Mr. Speaker, the election of the other
officers named m that section, and the time for the
meeting of the Legislative Assembly of the State
of Oregon, are provided lot m other parts of the
constitution; but the time of electing a Represent-
ative to Congress is*nowherc mentioned in the
constitution of the State of Oregon, aside from
this section of the schedule. If the convention had
designed to fix the time for holding the election
of members of Congress, they would have done
as they have done m the case of the election of
these other oiliceis, and the meeting of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the State. Rut they never con-
templated any such thing. In sections three and
four of article four of the constitution of Oregon
the time of holding the elections of State senators
and representatives is pointed out. It is therein
provided that senatmsand representatives shall
be chosen by the electors of the respective coun-
ties or districts into which the State may, from
time to time, he divided by law; and that the sen-
ators shall be elected for o tei m of four years, and
repiescntativea for a term of two years, from the
day next after tin: general election. The time for
the first general eh-< lion is fixed by the sixth sec-
tion of the schedule, and State senators are to be
elected four years after that time, and represent-
atives two years after that time. That points out
the times and places when they shall be elected.
Again, section six of article six of the State con-
stitution provides for the election of the various
county officers at the time of holding the general
election; and the time of their election is also
pointed out m another clause. So in regard to
the time, for the assembling of the Legislature;
that is pointed out by the constitution itself; but
nowheie in the constitution of the State is there
any provision for the icelection of a Representa-
tive in Congress.
Again, Mr. Speaker, the idea that a Represent-
ative in Congress shall be electcd eighteen months
piior to the time when he is usually called upon
to take his seat in the House of Representatives,
in my judgment, isunreasonable. We all know
how political issues in the States change. We
all know the vauous changes which take place in
ielation to the political issues which aiisc in the
different States.
It is an old and fixed principle that men shall
be elected to represent the people at as leeent a
date as possible before called upon to perform
their duties; but according to the rule laid down
by the committee in this case, and according to'
its determination on the subject, we are bound'to
elect a man eighteen months prior to the time
when he is to enter on the discharge of his duties,
I hold that the convention which framed a con-
stitution for Oregon never contemplated any such
thing, and never desired to establish any such
rule.
Again, Mr. Speaker, it is alleged that because
section four of article two of the constitution of
Oregon provides that general elections shall be
held on the first Monday of June, biennially,
Mr. Shiel has a right to a seat on this floor, m
consequence of his having been chosen at that
general election. If that provision had alleged
affirmatively that the Representative in Congress
should be electcd at a general election, then there
would have been force and reason in this conclu-
sion. But it docs not do so. It does provide for
the election of all other officers; ana, in other
sections of the constitution the time for the meet-
ing of the Legislative Assembly is provided for.
Again, Mr. Speaker, if the constitution of the
State of Oregon does provide for the election of a
Representative in Congress at general elections,
as alleged on behalf of Mr. Sheil, then I claim
that the Legislature which convened in May,
1859, and passed a special law on the subject,
acted unconstitutionally. The first section of an
act approved on the first Monday in June, 1859,
provides that there shall be held, at the several
places of holding elections in that State, on
Monday, the 27th of June, 1859, a special elec-
tion for one Renresentative in Congress, and an
assessor for each county, and such other ofiicers
as are by law authorized to be elected. If the
constitution is as alleged on behalf of Mr. Shiel,
then the Legislature which passed that act did
what was unconstitutional and void. Many of
the members of the Legislature had been in the
convention which framed the constitution, and
must have been supposed to understand the true
intentand meaning of the constitution, lt'is not
to be assumed that they would pass a law which
is unconstitutional, and in conflict with the spirit
and meaning of the constitution. But they did
not so understand it. They passed this law in
good faith. They did not understand that the
constitution of the State of Oregon had provided
that the Representative in Congress should be
elected at general elections. There is no provis-
ion of that character in the constitution.
Again, Mr. Speaker, it is claimed that Mr. Sheil
has another right to a seat on this floor; and that
right is predicated on another clause of the con-
stitution and on a territorial law. Section seven
of the schedule to the constitution provides that
all laws in force in the Territory of Oregon when
the constitution takes effect, and consistent there-
with, shall continue in force until altered or re-
pealed. It is claimed that, under this section,the
territorial law authorized the election of a Rep-
resentative in Congress at a general election on
the first Monday of June, 1860. By an exam-
ination of the tenitonul law it will be found that
a general election was held annually on the first
Monday in Juno. The organic law of the Ter-
ritory provided that a Delegate in Congress, the
only officer bearing any similarity to a Repre-
sentative in Congress, should be elected at a time
to l)e fixed by the Governor of the Territory.
The first election under that law was held in 1849,
by virtue of a proclamation of the Governor, and
Mr. Thurston was elected Delegate. During the
same yeai, the Territorial Legislature provided
by law that a Delegate in Congress should be
elected biennially,and thatthenextelection should
be held on the first Monday in June, 1851. In
pursuance of that law General Lane was elected
on the first Monday of June, 1851, 1853, 1855,
and 1357, as Delegate to Congress. Now, I claim
that the territorial law was not consistent with
the constitution of the State of Oregon, because
ltdiiected the election to be held in a different
year from that in which Mr. Sheil was elected.
The Legislature which convened in May, 1859,
must have looked upon it as inconsistent with the
