1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
355
that matter when I comc to it. It is not yet in
my line of argument.
Again : it is contended by the sitting member,
that there is no authority for the election which
was held in 1858. I have read that part of the
constitution which provides for and regulates
such ah election, under the seventh scction of ar-
ticle eighteen. Still further, I will read the first
section of the schedule. It is as follows :
"For the purpose of taking the voteof the electors of the
State for the acceptance or lejection of this Constitution,
an election shall be held on thcbocoml Monday of Novem-
ber, in the year 1857, fo bo conducted acooidmg to existing
laws regulating the election of Delegate in Congress, so far
ay applicable, except as herein otherwise provided.1'
Here we have the fact thattheconstitution, the
supreme law of the State of Oregon, was adopted
by the citizens of that State in conformity with the
provisions of a law in force for five years before,
on the subject of congressional elections. My
certificate shows the character and result of the
election of June, 1360. It shows that I received a
majority of the legal votes cast at that election;
and the section sixteen, of article two, of this con-
stitution, settles the question of right between the
gentleman and myself to a seat on this floor, so
far as that instrument is concerned. That con-
stitution declares, that in all elections held by the
people of Oregon the person or persons who shall
receive the highest number of votes shall be de-
clared to be duly elected. Here, then, at a gen-
eral election held in conformity with law, and in
obedience to the constitution, it is admitted that
I received a majority of the votes cast. No fraud
was alleged; and, sir, I claim to be the regularly
and legally elected member from the State of Or-
egon.
So much in regard to my constitutional rights
to a seat upon this floor. I now approach the con-
sideration of the method by which the sitting
member received 4,099 votes out of a poll of 14,500
given at the presidential election in 1860. The law
of election in Oregon, as I have already stated, pre-
scribes the viva voce mode of voting. The sitting
member received 4,099 votes—in conformity with
law? no, sir; but in open violation of the con-
stitution and the law. The constitution prescribes
that in all elections the vote shall be given openly
and voce. That is the method adopted in all
general and special elections. The sitting mem-
ber received a certain number of votes at the No-
vember election, in 1860, and the mode and man-
ner of receiving them I will endeavor to explain
and expose. Upon the ballots for presidential
electors in the State of Oregon of one party, at the
foot of the list the name cf A. G. Thayer, as I
have once before stated, was surreptitiously in-
serted as a candidate for Congress, lam partic-
ular in qualifying my language.
Mr. THAYEll. I would inquire whether or
not the votes which were cast for me in Novem-
ber, 1860, were not viva voce the same as upon the
ballots ?
Mr. SHEIL. I must appeal to the gentleman's
knowledge of our Stale law. He knows that no
judge can take a ballot that is folded. The law
requires the calling outof the names in a bold and
distinct voice.
Mr. THAYER. Docs the gentleman under-
take to say before this House that the voters who
voted for me in November, 1860, did not call oat
their votes? Does he wish to be understood that
they did not vote for me in the same way that
they did for electors ?
Mr. SHEIL. I cannot say anything which
docs not affect the issue. 1 cannot say that every
individual who voted for Air. Thayer voted a
closed ticket. I am satisfied, however, that many,
to my personal knowledge, did so. That mode
of voting is in direct conflict with the law of elec-
tions in Oregon to-day, and which prevailed there
in i860. Apart from any authority which the
sitting member may derive from votes thus ob-
tained, and with oil the suspicion that must ne-
cessarily attach to them, there is no honor m the
world which would tempt me to imitate him.
Mr. Speaker, as it is a part of the res gcstcc of
this contest, I must be permitted to refer to an-
other matter. Mr. Thayer claims to he, or he
did in Oregon, a member of the Douglas pai ty. 1
hold in my hand the action of the Douglas con-
vention, which assembled in Eugene City. That
convention was called for the purpose of nom-
inating an electoral tickct for the Douglas party.
Among other things, a resolution was introduced
authorizing the State central committee of that
party to nominate a candidate for Congress, pro-
vided the State Legislature would create a va-
cancy. The State Legislature refused to disturb
the election in June previous; and consequently
the power conferred upon the State central com-
mittee never vested, for the reason that the con-
tingency never happened. Yet, in opposition to
the direct and expressed will of that convention,
a few individuals met m a certain printing office
•at Salem, and assumed the right to represent
eleven absent members, and to nominate the gen-
tleman as a candidate for Congress.
Worse than that; the committee published an
addx*css to the people of Oregon, from which I
shall read one sentence. The first sentence of the
address announced what was not true:
"That by viituo ofthc power vested in us by the Demo-
cratic State convention, held at Eugene Citv on the 19th
of September 18G0, we have this day nominated A. J.
Thayer a1* a candidate for Representative in the Thirty-
Seventh Congress.,5
That is the first sentence of the address. Now,
I will give the substance of a resolution upon the
subject passed by the Douglas convention, which
was held on the 19th of September, 1850.
" Resolved, That the Demociatic State cential commit-
tee is authorized to nominate a candidate lor any office
which may be made vacant by the pie^ent Legislating.
Here this State convention, for the purpose of
avoiding a second convention within a month,
vested the State central committee of that party
with the power to nominate a candidate for Con-
gress, in case the Legislature should declare the
election of Juno, 1860, void. However unwar-
rantable such an act might have been, such was
the case and such was the intention. In opposi-
tion to that limited authority, eight membeis—
less than half of that committee—nominated Mr.
Thayer for Representative in the Thirty-Seventh
Congress. Such an act of not only bad faith, hut
of flagrant usurpation, must necessarily vitiate
any right which the gentleman might claim under
such a nomination. There was no authority
given to the State central committee to name any
man as a candidate for Congress, save in the con-
tingency that the Legislature should annul the
election in June. So much for that point.
I will now, very briefly, call the attention of
members to the canvass of the votes received by
Air Thayer and others at that election, certified
to by the Governor, and then compare the min-
utes of the Governor with the certificate which
the gentleman holds to-day:
Stats of Orlc;on, ss :
I, Lueien lleath, ^cretaiy of State of the State afore-
said, do hcieb> ccrtifyth.it ar the late pio^idcntial election
withm and foi the State alorcaid, hold on the fith day of
November, A. 1). 18'JO, A. J. Timer was a candidate for
llepte?ciitatlvc to the Thirty-Seventh ComriCfcsj of the Uni-
ted Stiite^ of Ameuca, and received at said election 4,01)9
votes, it being a majority of alt the votes east. De was
thciefoie elected a member of >aid Congress
In testimony uhr-icol, I have heieuiito subscribed my
r . -> name and afhxed tiie seal of the State of Oiegon,
1L' at Salem, tins 2Dd day of IWaivh, A J). lHii.
LUCIKN IlEA'l il.
Secretary of Slate
And that, too, when there was not another in-
dividual before the people of Oregon as a candi-
date for Congress. Out of 14,500 votes he re-
ceived only 4,099; and yet this gentleman comes
here and claims a seat upon this floor, unsup-
ported even by a majority of votes cast at that
election. What would those 4,099 votes mean if
the citizens of Oregon had the right to comc up
and intelligently and knowingly express their
will foi Mr. Thayer?
Air. THAYER. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to call the attention of the Speaker and of
the House to the fact that, if we are to be per-
mitted to enter a full review of ali the discussions
which arose in Oregon in relation to the Douglas
party, the Brcckiiindge party, and the Repub-
lican party, I am content; but it seems to me that
we ought to be confined to the rule.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will confine
his remarks to the merits of the lesolution before
the House.
Air. SlIEIL. I took the liberty of replying
thus to the remarks of the sitting member, because
he called in question the cerffjcrite issued to me.
I believed it was right to so reply.
I was about closing my remarks by referring
to the character of the certificate of the member
occupying the seat from Oregon, obtained from
the secretary of State. I will simply call the at-
tention of the House to the Governor's count of
the vote received by the gentleman. It is as
follows:  
<{ At the election held within and for the State of Ore-
gon, on Tuesday, the tith day of November, A. D. 1860, the
following-named persons received the number of votes an-
nexed to their respective names for the office of Repre-
sentative in Congress, to wit:
"A. J. Thajor, Com thousand and ninety-nine (4.099)
votes."
Now, here is a certificate based upon the returns
to the Governor, in which it is staled that at an
election—not a general, nor even a special election
—that at an election he received so many votes
for the office of Representative in Congress. That
this was never intended to be the basis of a cer-
tificate, I need but refer to an act passed by the
Legislature in 1860, giving power to the Governor
to issue a proclamation to fill any vacancy which,
might occur in the future. • The language of the
act clearly gives it a retrospective character and
cast; for it says:
" Be it enacted, by the Legislative Assembly of the State of
Oregon, That whenever a vacancy may occur in the office
of Representative in Congiess from this State, fiom any
cause whatever, the Governor shall issue his writ of elec-
tion to fill such vacancy, m the same manner and under the
same regulations? a«- aio piescnbed by law to fill vacancies
in the Legislative Assembly."
This was before the election in November, 1860.
The Governor never issued a proclamation; and
his refusing to do so must be regarded as his con-
viction that the occasion or necessity for exercis-
ing that power had not yet existed.
1 have said all that I desire to say upon the sub-
ject, and I leave the matter with the House.
Mr. THAYER. Would it be in accordance
with the rules of the House to reply?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to reply, if he chooses.
Mr. THAYER. As regards my being in fayor
of Stephen A. Douglas as President of the United
States, I plead guilty. I belonged to that party;
and I claim that, by virtue of the action of that
party, I was fairly and legitimately nominated,
in accordance with the action of the convention
thereof. How the gentleman can claim*to know
anything of the action of that party, under the
circumstances, surprises me. He was not a friend
of Stephen A. Douglas, nor was he a member of
the convention. The resolution which the gen-
tleman has read, shows that it provided that the
central committee of that State should provide for
a nomination, &c. The action of the committee
upon that occasion is a sufficient answer to, all
that the gentleman has said upon that subject.
Again, the gentlemen referred to the 4,000 votes
I received in that election as surreptitious and
wrong. I defy him, and I defy any man to show
but what I received those votes just as legally as
any votes that were cast at that election. There
is this fact connected with that matter: that one
half of the precincts of that State were under the
government and control of the Joe Lane party,
and wherever they had the control they invaria-
bly refused to receive votes of those who desired
to cast their suffrages for me. The people be-
lieved that a Representative had not been elected
to Congress from that State, and they offered
their votes in various parts of the State for me;
but wherever that Lane party had control of the
polls, they refused to receive them. In some in-
stances they broke up the ballot-boxes, rather
than have the voles cast for me. In other cases
where votes were cast for me, they were not
counted. These things account for the fact that
I received only a little more than 4,000 votes.
The proof to sustain these charges I offered to
the Committee of Elections, and I can verify all
the charges by evidence. The people of that
State did"not consider that they had a legal Rep-
resentative for Congress, for they did not believe
that the constitution of that State provided for an
election on the first Monday of June, I860. As
I said before, Mr. Speaker, that was the most suc-
cessful way in which they could operate against
my election in November, 18G0. It is said that
I was not ciectcd at any election provided for by
law, as appears by the certificate of the secretary
of the State. It is well known to tins House
that the presidential ^lection was held on the 6th
day of November, loGO, and that it was a gen-
eral election, and at that election 1 received the
votes mentioned.
