1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
357
The question being on Mr. Stevens's amend-
ment,
Mr. McCLERNAND called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 37, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashley, Francis P. Blair, Samuel S.
Blair, Campbell, Colfax, Covode, Davis, Delano, Edgerton,
Fesscnden, Frank, Hauling, Hutehins, Jackson, Julian,
Kelley, Lansing, Loveioy, May, McKmght, Mefherson,
Moorhead, Jastm S. Morrill, Olin, Pike, Potter, Iiiddlo,
Sheffield, Sloan, Stevens, Benjamin F. Thomas, Tram,
Vandevcr, Van Horn, Chailes W. Walton, Wickhlfe, and
Windom—37.
NAYS—Aldrich, Allen, Alley, Ancona, Arnold,
Joseph Bally, Baxter, Beauian, Geoige II. Browne, Bufiin-
ton, Burnett, Calvert, Cobb, Frederick A. Conklmg, Corn-
ing, Cox, Cravens, Crisfield, Dawes, Dunlap, Dunn, Ed-
wards, Eliot, English, Fouke, Franchot, Gooch, Granger,
Gurley, Ilaight, Hale, Harrison, Ilolman, Norton, Johnson,
Law, Leary, Losjan, Loomis, MeClernand, McKean, Mal-
lory, Men/.ies, Mitchell, Anson P. Morull, Morris, Noble,
Norton. Geoige H. Pendleton, Perry, Pomeioy, Porter,
lteid, Alexaiidei H. Rice, John II. Ricw, Robinson, Sedg-
wick, Shanks, Shcllabargcr, Sherman, Smith, John B.
Steele, WilhamG. Stt-ele, Trowbridge, Vallandighain,
Vibbard, Voorhees, Wad^worth, Wallace, Ward, Wash-
burno, Webster, Alberts. White, Chilton A. White, Wood,
Worcester, and Wright—77.
So the amendment was rejected.
During the vote,
Mr. BURNETT said: With deference to the
judgment of gentlemen who have investigated the
subject more thoroughly than I have done, I
change my vote, and vote " no."
The question was taken on the resolutions re-
ported by the Committee of Elections, and they
were adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolutions were adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. Grt.uK.uE K. SiiEir., member from the State
of Oregon, came forward to the .Speaker's chair,
and took the oath to support the Constitution of
the United States.
FLOATING BATTERIES.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the committee of con-
ference on Senate bill No. 36, to provide for the
construction of one or more armored ships oriloat-
ing batteries, and for other purposes, made the
following report:
The managers of the Senate of the committee of con-
feigjjce on the dlsagiceing votes of the two Houses on Sen-
ate bill (No. 36) entitled "An act to pi ovule for the con-
struction of one or inoie armored ships oi floating batteries,
and toi other purposes^'have mot the managers on the part
of the House, and, after full and Lee conference, have mu-
tually agieed to leeommeiul, and do lecomnieml, that the
Senate recede Irom its dieagi cement to the amendments
of the House, and concur therein.
The report is signed by the manageis on the
part of the two Houses.
The report was agreed to.
rUNISUMJGNT OF CERTAIN CRIMES.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to punish certain crimes against the
United States; which was read afirstand second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be punted.
BRIDGE ACROSS THE POTOMAC.
Mr. CALVERT. I ask the consent of the
House to report back from the Committee for the
District of Columbia Senate bill (No. 46) to pro-
vide for the construction of a bridge across the
Potomac river.
There being no objection, the bill was reported
and read at length.
Mr. STEVENS. I make the point of order that
that bill, containing as it does an appropriation,
must be considered, under the rule, first in Com-
mittee of the Whole. And I make the second
point of order that it is excluded from considera-
tion at all duiing the present session by the rule
which we adopted defining the character of busi-
ness to be considered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the first
point of order, and refers the bill to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
METROPOMTAN POLICE.
On motion of Mr. ASHLEY, by unanimous
consent, Senate bill No. 40, to create a metro-
politan police district of the District of Columbia,
mid to rsLiblifih the police force therrot, was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee for tho
District of Columbia.
AMENDMENT OF THE RULES.
Mr. ALLEN. I desire to give notice of my
intention to offer a resolution to so amend the
rules as to require all reports of committees of
conference, except those made the last day of the
session, to he over for one day before considera-
tion.
LOYALTY OF GOVERNMENT EMPLOYES.
Mr. POTTER, from the select committee on
the loyalty of Government employes, made the
following special report:
The committee appointed to investigate, ascertain, and
report to the House the number of persons, with the names
thereof, now employed in the eevwral Departments ot the
Government, who are known to entertain sentiment" of
hostility to the Government of the United States, and who
have refused to take the oath tosuppoit the Constitution
of the United States, beg h-ave to leport m part to the
House as follows :
The committee have given to the inquiry all tho atten-
tion which their limited time and tho presume of other
duties would allow, but have as yet scarcely advanced
beyond its Ihrohold. They have, howevei, examined a
large number of witnesses, and have no hesitation in say-
ing thattho testimony adduced has been ofsueha character
as toi'ull> justify the action of the House in the premises,
and to show the imperative necessity oi the investigation
which has been instituted.
The committee, though prepared to believe thatthe pop-
ulai conviction in lcspeet to the general unsoundness of the
Depai tments in the paitieular letcucd to wa  well founded,
yet must confer that they have been astonished at the
mtmbci and aggravation oi the wU( authenticated cases of
disloyalty to the Government which, in the course oi their
invt>tig«ition, have been btought to their notice.
That poisons should be thus difloyal to a Government,
which has confided to them its wined tiusts, in who>e em-
ploy they have found Mippoit for ihemaelves and lauulio,
and to which their fidelity is due by cveiy consideicition
which appeals not only to the honoi of the public ollicer,
but to the liouefty of the man ; and that such poisons should
be ictnined in otlice, ami in .some nn-tancc.s retained wheio
tho iacth have been brought, to the knowledge ol those who
have the power of removal, must be the occasion of pio-
found grief and hinnili.ituni lo * very padiout. and lojal
heart; and thur lcicntion m otlice, especially m the pres-
ent critical condition ot the Government, can bo justified
by no a&siiiii'Ul necessity oi convenience ot the public ser-
vice, and may well c\eite the hone it indignation of the
countiy.
The committee, while piepaied to make these general
.statements, which arc c oncuii'-il in by rvoiy member of
the committee, lind that it will be impossible to complete
the work assigned to them, and make a report theieof
within the probable limits oi the piesent session. They
thcicforo a-k leave to sit during the lecess of Congress, and
ask the adoption of the accompanying resolutions.
JOHN F. POTTER, Chairman.
Resolved, That the sckxt committee of five, appointed
by the Speaker under a resolution of this House adopted
July 8,1861, to ascertain and leport to the House the num-
1)01*01'pel.sons, and the names theieof. now employed in the
several Depai tinonti ot the Government, who an* known
to enteitain sentiments of hostility to the Government of
the United States, and those who have lefused to take the
oath to support the Constitution of the United States, be
authorized to sit and take testimony during the iccess of
Congi ess.
Resolved, That the Rergeant-at-Arms of the House be
directed to attend in person, oi by bis assistant, tho sittings
of the committee, and seivo all subpenas winch the com-
mittee may d< eni necessity, JUifl pay ail fees of v/Une^scs.
Resolved. That the Spivikci ot the House, duung the
roct'sh of Congjoss, ihtjieby authorized and dueoted to
issue subpena*, upon the request ol tin* committee, in the
same manner as dining the session ol Congress.
Mr. POTTER moved the previous question
upon tho adoption of the resolutions.
Mr. BURNETT. I appeal to the gentleman
to withdraw his demand fur the previous question.
I will not occupy mote than five minutes.
Air. POTTER. I would be much gratified to
hear the gentleman, but the hour is late, and 1
respectfully decline. *
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the resolutions.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The ievolutions were adopted.
Mr. POTTER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolutions were adopted", and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SECESSION OFFICE-HOLDERS.
Mr. JULIAN asked leave to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the retention in office, oi the piomotion
or appointment to oihee. civil oi miiitaiy, m this city, or
throughout the countiv, hv an} of the Departments of the
Govrnnnoii*. ot men M well known sece—ton sympathies
merits the condemnation of all loyal citizens, and hereby
receives the rcpiobation ofthia House. ' "
Mr. SHEFFIELD objected. ^ ^
CLAIM OK B Y. SIIELLEY. * ' *
Mr. ANCONA asked leave to introduce,-for
the purpose of reference, a bill to pay B. Y. Shel-
ley for his claim and improvements talcen from
him by the Omaha reservation,' in Nebraska
Territory.
Mr. STEVENS objected.
UNIFORM NATURALIZATION.
Mr. ARNOLD asked leave to introduce, for the
purpose of reference, a bill to amend the law pro-
viding for a uniform rule of naturalization, so as
to facilitate the naturalization of those who have
been in the military service of the United Stat£Si
and have been honorably discharged thetcfrom.
Mr. STEVENS. I would suggest thatthat'is
in violation of our resolution, i move that the
House adjourn. *
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
four o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, My 31, 1861-
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderlanp.
The Journalof yesterday wasreadandapproved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of
the 19th instant, requesting information concern-
ing1 the quasi armistice alluded to in his message
of the 4th instant, relative to the reinforcement of
Fort Pickens; which was ordered to lie on the
tahlr , and be printed.
He also lain before the Senate a message of the
President of the United' States, in answer to a
resolution of the Senate of July 25, relative to
instructions to the United States ministers abroad
in reference to the rebellion in the southern por-
tion of the Union; which, on motion of Mr. Sum-
ner, was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
He also hud before the Senate a message of the
President of tho United States, in answer to a res-
olution of the Senate of the 23d instant, request-
ing information concerning the imprisonment of
Lieutenant John I. Worden, of theUnited States
Navy; which was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
HOUSE KILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolution, received
from the House of Representatives -yesterday,
were severally read twice by their titles, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs:
A bill (No. 83) for the temporary increase of
midshipmen in the Naval Academy;
A bill (No. 80) authorizing the construction of
twelve small side-wheel steamers; and
A joint resolution (No. 5) to examine the con-
dition of the Naval Academy, and inquire as to
the organization thereof.
BRIDGE AT THE AQUEDUCT.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Seeictary of War bo, and ho U hereby,
instructed to report to the Senate at its next session, if the
pillars of the stiiictuie known as the Alexandria aqueduct,
neat Georgetown, aic of {sufficient frtrcnsth to sustain an
iron bridge; and if so, whether such a bridge would be ini-
ponant to the United States for military puiposep, and what
&um it would coat.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will lay before the Senate the bill (S. No. 43) to
prevent and punish fraud on the part of officeis
intrusted with the makingof contracts for the Gov-
ernment, which has been passed by the House
of Representatives, with amendments.
Mi. WILSON. I should like to have that lie
over for a short time, that it may be examined.
I desire to read the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie over
for the time being, if there be no objection.
ADJOURNMENT.
The PRESIDENT pio limpce laid before the
