358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 31,
Senate the following joint resolution from the
House of Representatives:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the President of
the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives be authorized to close the present session by adjourn-
ing their respective Houses on Friday, the 2<1 day ot August
next, at twelve o'clock, m.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in this resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that it lie on the table
for the present.
i The motion was agreed to.
f COMMANDANTS 01? NAVY-YARDS.
' ' Mr. HALE. I move to reconsider the vote of
the Senate yesterday, postponing to the next ses-
sion of Congress the bill from the House of Rep-
resentatives (No. 78) to amend an act entitled
"An act supplemental to the act entitled 'An act
providing for a naval peace establishment, and for
other purposes,' " passed March 27,1804. I ask
that it be reconsidered now.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. DIXON. I had risen to make the same
motion which the chairman of the Naval Com-
mittee has submitted.
Mr. HALE. I move now that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DIXON. I rise to a privileged question.
I move to reconsider the vote of the Senate just
talcen, referring the bill, the vote upon which was
reconsidered on the motion of the Senator from
New Hampshire, to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs. I move to reconsider the vote referring the
bill again to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Connecticut moves to reconsider the vote by
which the bill indicated by him was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DIXON. I desire to state very briefly my
reason for making that.motion. I think that the
action of the Senate yesterday upon this question
was not taken undcrstandingly; certainly I, my-
self, did not understand the question at the time;
and I beg leave now, as briefly as I call, to state
the condition of the subject to the Senate.
By the act of 1804, winch is now the law of
the land, it is provided that the superintendent ot
the navy-yard in this city shall be.a captain ill
the Navy; and from that time until last April, the
superintendent has been a eaptam in the Navy.
It is well kjiown to the Senate that about the
middle of April last, the superintendent of that
yard, Captain Buchanan, and almost every officer
under him, deserted the yard, abandoned their
posts, and in effect, so far as they could do, gave
it up to the enemy. Commander Dahlgren, now
the superintendent of the navy-yard, was almost
the only officer who remained faithful to his duty.
I will not say he was the only one, but he was
the principal officer there; and upon the necessity
of the case he took possession of the office of
superintendent of that yard, and has performed
the duties to this time. Unless this bill which
has passed the House of Representatives shall
pass the Senate and become a law, lie can perform
the duties of that office no longer, because the act
of 1804 requires that the superintendent of that
yard shall be a captain in the Navy, which Mr.
Dahlgren is not. He is only a commander.
Now, sir, it is perfectly apparent to everybody
who knows the position of that navy-yard and
the character of Captain Dahlgren, his position
in the Navy, and his qualifications, that the pub-
lic interest requires most emphatically that he
should remain in command of that navy-yard. The
object of this bill is to enable the President to ap-
point him. If the bill is not acted upon at this
session, he cannot be appointed. The committee
on Naval Affairs, for reasonssatisfactory to them-
selves, and no doubt excellent reasons, reported
the bill to the Senate, with a recommendation that
it should be postponed until the next session of
Congiess, which is viitually its defeat. Now, the
chairman of that committee rises and moves to
reconsider that vote, and moves that it bo referred
again to that committee; and that is the action of
the Senate.
I wish the Senate to act understandingly. If
the Senate design that this bill shall not become a
law, and that Captain Dahlgren shall be removcel
from that position, as of necessity he must, then
so it must be; but if this bill is to become a law,
it must be done at once. If it is referred to the
committee, I do not know how soon they-will re-
port it. I have no doubt the chairman will act
with all propriety on the subject; but I have rea-
son to believe, from his action yesterday, that he
is opposed to the bill. I do not know it. I state
here to the Senate that if the bill is to become a
law, as every Senator knows, it must be acted on
soon. If it does not become a law, then Captain
Dahlgren—an officer, I say without hesitation,
without fear of contradiction, better qualified, or
certainly as well qualified as any officer in the
Navy for that position—is obliged to be removed.
But, sir, aside from his qualifications, it is reason
enough for retaining him there that he was placed
in that position as he was, that he perforated his
duty as he did perform it, and that if lie is now
removed from that position by the action of the
present law and the failure to enact this bill, it
will be, in effect, a charge upon him which ought
not to be made. .
Now, sir, what I desire is, that this bill shall be
acted on at this time. Whatever that action may
be, of course must be submitted to; but if the Sen-
ate desire that Captain Dahlgren shall leave that
position, that is accomplished by the failure to
pass this bill, and at this time.
Mr. HALE. I do not know fyow the Senator
from Connecticut argues, or how he comes to the
conclusion, that I am opposed to this bill from the
fact that 1 this moment moved a reconsideration
of the vote by which it was postponed, and a ref-
erence of it to the Committee on Naval Affairs. I
will not take up the. time of the Senate further than
to say that this bill involves a great deal more than
the personal interests of Commander Dahlgren. I
havo had a very long interview with him this
morning in reference to this subject, and it was
after that conference that I made the motion that
I did. I will not be so unjust to the country or
to the Senate as to undertake to make a long speech
at this time; but 1 hope the Senate have not come
to the conclusion that the Naval Committee are
so dilatory or so unfaithful that they will, at this
stage of the business, take the matter out of their
hands. 1 leave the subject with these fewremarks.
Mr. DIXON. I said that I had reason to be-
lieve the Senator was opposed to the bill. I do
not know that it is any reflection on him. If he
is opposed to the bill, it is of course for good*rea
sons. 1 stated my leasons for the belief that the
bill ought to be acted on at this time. If the Sen
ate think otherwise, they will vote accordingly.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me that this bill
ought to be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, for the reason that it may be also expe-
dient to change the law in regard to other paval
stations, as well as this at Washington.
Mr. DIXON. I ask the Senator if that law
does not apply to this yard alone?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir.
Mr. DIXON. I am informed that it does.
Mr. GRIMES. As I understand the law now
no man can be the commandant of any of our
yards unless he is a captain in the Navy;and no
man can be placed at the head of one of our naval
bureaus unless he is a captain. I have never yet
seen the propriety of that rule. I never could
conceive why the Secretary of the Navy or the
President should not be permitted to avail him-
self of the best talent there might be in the naval
service, no matter in what grade it might be.
But let the question go to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and let them pass upon it. It may be
expedient to change the law in regard to this navy-
yard; I am inclined to think it is; but I would
like to have it go still further, and have the rule
changed in regard to the other navy-yards.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is oil the motion to reconsider the vote refcrrin."
this bill to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DIXON called for the yeas and nays, and
they were oulercd; and being taken resulted'
yeas 23, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Mc !s. Anthony, Breckinridge, Bright, Brown
in<*, ('aihle, Chandler, Coliamer, Uowan, Dixon, Ilatris
Johnson ot" Mi^souii, Lane of Kansas, i'owetl, Rice.
Sauisbuiy, Hheiman, tiumncr, Ten r.yek, Thomson, Wade
Wiliim.-on, Wilmot, and Wilson—23.
>;ay,s—Messrs. Binuham, Claik,Fessenden,Foot, Fos-
ter, Gnmes, Hale, Italian, Ilowe, Lane of Indiana, Mc
Dou^alt, Polk, and Trumbull—13.
So the motion to reconsider the reference of
the bill to the Committee on Naval Affairs was
agreed to; and the Senate, as in Committee of the
Whole,proceeded to consider the bill (H. R.No
78) to amend an act entitled "An act supple-
mental to the act entitled ' An act providing for a
naval peace establishment, and for other pur-
poses,' " passed March 27, 1804. The bill pro-
poses to amend the above entitled act by inserting
after the word "captain," where the same first
occurs in that act, the words " or commander;"
so that the President shall be authorized to select
the superintendent of the navy-yard at Washing-
ton from the captains or commanders of the Navy
of the "United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to submit an amend-
ment applying the bill to all the navy-yards in-
stead of simply to the Washington navy-yard.
My purpose is this: the law of 1804 limits the
power to appoint commandants of navy-yards to
the list of captains. Thereisno good reason why
this limitation should now exist. Since that'time,
I believe, the grade of commander hasb'een made;
and there is no reason why the commandant of a
navy-yard should not be an active, young, vigi-
lant officer.
Mr. GRIMES. And heads of bureaus.
Mr. SHERMAN. You suggest the amend-
ment. I simply submit an amendment so as to
make the law general, and not confine it to the
Washington navy-yard.
The Secretary read the amendment; to strike
out the word " superintendent," in line six, and
insert the word "superintendents;" and in line
seven, to strike out the words " navy-yard at
Washington," and insert the words " the several
navy-yards;" so that the bill will read:
lie it cnacted, $c., That the above entitled act be, and
the bame i.~. hereby, amended, by lnseitiiig, alter the word
" captain," wheie the same flitt occurs in said act, the
words '-or commander;" so that the president shall be
authorized to select the superintendents of the several
navy-yards from the captains or commanders of the Navy
of die United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I desire to say a
word about this bill, so that the Senate may Un-
derstand it. If I understand it—and I have taken
some pains to examine it—there is no law at all
upon the subject of navy-yards. In 1804, after
the accession of Mr. Jeffeison to the Presidency,
and the policy that was then inaugurated of aban-
doning to a great degree the Navy as an arm of
the national defense, certain vessels of war which
had heretofore been in commission were brought
up, and were lying in the Eastern Branch of the
Potomac river without any legal supervision over
them, as it would appear; and then this act of 1804,
which gentlemen seem to think, and which that
bill is based upon the supposition of, was passed,
not regulating any other yards; but simply pro-
viding that for the supervision of the navy-yard
at Washington, and for the vessels thus laid up
in the Eastern Branch, a captain and some other
.officers might be detailed. Prom the first organ-
ization of the Navy to the present day there has
never been anybody but a captain of the Navy
appointed to the superintency of any navy-yard.
I want to ask gentlemen to-day, here, now, if the
captains of the Navy have shown themselves to
be so imbecile, so incompetent, so utterly un-
worthy of the high position they hold befoie the
country, that you are ready to proclaim that itis
necessary, at this time, to institute an entire mid
total departure from the whole policy of theGov-
ernmcnt up to this hour? Are Senators ready to
proclaim by this hill, that that band of officers,
some of whom have sustained the honor of their
country, andillustratcd their valor with their blood
on the decks of the men of war they commanded,
are utterly unworthy of the positions which they
have held from the time the Navy was instituted
to the present day? Sir, by the passage of this
bill you say that these captains are unfit to occupy
the honorary positions which have heretofore been
assigned to them, not by law, but by the common
sense of the country, and of the head of this De-
partment; and you proclaim to the world that it
is necessary to set them aside, sweep them all
away, and go down to their juniors to select offi-
cers to occupy the places which they have lieie-
tofore held. Sir, 1 can say to the Senate, and 1
will say it to the Senator from Connecticut him-
self, that if he passes this act he puts a reproach
upon one of the most gallant officers of the JN avy
fiom his own State, who is thus to be stigmatized
as unworthy of the position which, from the time
wo have had a Government, has been assigned to
captains of the Navy.
