1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
No complaint has been made in regard to this in
the Army; and X regret that a naval officer so
meritorious as Commander Dahlgren, who has
rendered such services to the country as he has,
should be singled out here upon an occasion like
this. I was in the city of Washington during the
dark week. I think there were six officers serv-
ing at the navy-yard with Commander Dahlgren;
one or two ranking him, the others his juniors.
After having sown the seeds of disaffection among
the men; after having done everything in then-
power to turn the men in the navy-yaid against
the Government, they resigned; and that, too,
without giving any previous notice. But, sir,
Commander Dahlgren stood by his flag. Mu-
tiny was inaugurated there, and he met it man-
fully; and for eight or ten days and nights that
man never took off his c.lothes. He labored inces-
santly; and if to any one man more than another
we owe the safety of the city of Washington, it
is to Commander Dahlgren.
The " lobbying" about the Senate or the House
of Representatives, lo which reference has been
made, cannot, I think, be correctly attributed to
him. He may have friends who are friends of
the Government; but you never find lum about
the halls of Congress; you never find him in the
streets; you never find him in the hotels; you find
him always at his post; and if there is one officer
in the Navy deserving promotion, or deserving a
mark of respect from the Congress of the United
States, it is this very officer—Commander Dahl-
gren.
Mr. HALE. I should like to know what the
Senator means by saying that a statement which
I have made is not correct?
Mr. RICE. I did not understand the Senator
to say that he knew that Commander Dahlgren
had been lobbying about here, but that his friends
had.
Mr. HALE. Some friends of the measure.
Mr. RICE. X know of 110 friend, except a
friend of the country, that has ever spoken in
behalf of Commander Dahlgren. He is a man
belonging to the country.
Mr. HALE. Let me make a statement, and I
■will stand by it. What I stated was, that when
a proposition for increasing this man's pay was
before the Senate, and I was endeavoring to ad-
dress myself to the Senate against it, a gentleman
interested against me went and took a Senator
out, and turned around with a look of triumph in
his eye to me as he went out, and induced that
Senator to vote for it. I do not know what the
extent of the remaik of the Senator from Min-
nesota was, but I will say this: the remark that I
made was true, and any remark that is made in
contravention of it is false.
Mr. GRIMES. I dislike to see this proposi-
tion 
Mr. PJCE. One moment, Mil President, if
the Senator from Iowa will allow me. 1 regret
that the Senator from New Hampshire should
have exhibited so much passion upon this occa-
sion as to apply to me the word " false." I take
that word from no man. I did not apply any
such epithet to him. I merely stated it was ill-
correct, in my opinion, to suppose that he had
employed anyone to " lobby " for him, though
there may have been "lobbying" by others who
felt an interest in the Government. I used 110
harsh terms towards any Senator. I have never
done so, and I trust I shall never have occasion
to do so.
Mr. HALE. I made a statement upon my
own knowledge. I understood the Senator from
Minnesota to controvert it. I called upon him
for some explanation. He did not feel inclined
to give it. I applied no epithet to him or any-
body else. I said that the statement which I had
made was made on my personal knowledge. I say
it, and knew it; and that any statement made in
contiavention of that was false. That is all I
said, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. I am unwilling that we should
go off now upon an issue as to the merits of
Commander Dahlgren. I apprehend that every-
body here knows him as a very meritorious of-
ficer; there is hardly any single ship of the Amer-
ican Navy that does not carry a gun upon her
deck that bears his name; but I wish to state a
case, and I apprehend that the Senator from Con-
necticut and other Senators will see the force of
it. During this session Hiave been apjnoached
by those who were very intimately connected
with the Navy, who have expressed the opinion
that the public interests would be more promoted
by having Commander Dahlgren at the head of
the Bureau of Ordnance than in any other posi-
tion in the Government. This bill does not au-
thorize the President to put him at the head of
the Bureau of Ordnance, although that is his
peculiar specialty; under the bill he can only be
placed at the head of the Washington navy-yard.
There are other officers in the grade of command-
ers, some of them citizens of the State of Con-
necticut, who are eminent in that particular spe-
cialty, that of ordnance, who have served in that
capacity year after year, and who are very eminent
in it, more so than a large majority of those who
arc in the grade of captain. If it is for the interest
of the Government to take one of these men and
put him at the head of the Ordnance bureau, or
to take Commander Dahlgren and put him there,
why not permit the President to do it? I happen
to know that it has been in contemplation to get a
provision of law introduced for the purpose of put-
ting Commander Dahlgren there as being the place
where his services were best adapted to promote the
interests of the country; and yet the bill of the Sen-
ator from Connecticut will not permit that, and he
is unwilling to allow the President the privilege of
placing him there, or any other officer who has
become eminent in that particular department.
Let us look, 1 aslc Senators, at the question as it
stands before us, and not be diverted by any con-
troversy in regard to the merits or dements of
Commander Dahlgren, or of anybody else. The
question is, whether we will allow the President,
or his chief clerk, the Secretary of the Navy, to
call to it the very man of all others, no matter
what may be his rank, who is the best capable
of performing a given duty for the country in the
present exigency. That is the question.
Mr. DIXON. One single word. I fully agree
with the Senator from Iowa upon that subject;
but that, to my mind, furnishes no reason why
Commander Dahlgren should be virtually removed
from his piesent position. If he can be raised to
any higher position, I have no objection, but
should like to see it. Still, every Senator knows
that unless this bill passes, he cannot retain his
present position, but is, in a certain sense, igno-
miniousiy expelled. That is the effect; not the
intention, not the design, but so lie feels it; that
is his idea ill regard to it. As to the amendment
which is to be voted upon, I am against it, be-
cause all amendments tend to embairass the bill,
though I will not say that is the object. I shall
vote for the bill, however, oven if the amendment
is adopted.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to state that
I was connected this spring with Commander
Dahlgren, that I look upon him as one of the
most gallant and plucky officers of the service,
and I should consider it a great misfortune to the
Government if ho was driven from his position at
the navy-yard by any act of ours.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment of Mr. 1-Iale, resulted—yeas 22,
nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—- I"''- Uin^linm, Bi owning, Chandler, Cowan,
Donlittle, I'VhSfndcn, Foster, Cannes, f] ale, Hat Ian, Harris,
Kennedy, Ruis, Lane ot'IiKliana. McDon^all, Mori ill, folk.
Poineroy, riliemian. Tiumbull, Wiiinot, and Wilson—UJ.
]\'AYrf—Messrs Anthonv, Hreeliim idge, Dixon, Foot,
Howe, Lane, of Kan*a^ Powell, kiec, Sauisbuiy, Stumiei,
Ten Eyck, Wade, and Wilkinson—13.
So the amendment was agreed to. .
APPOINTMENT OF AIDS-DE-CAMP.
Mr. WILSON. I ask that the bill now under
consideration be laid aside for a brief space for
the purpose of introducing a bill that it is very
important should be passed to-day, if possible.
It was important that it should be passed yester-
day; but I could not get a chance then to present
it. It will take but a moment.
Mr. DIXON. Let this bill be laid aside in-
foimally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. .By common
consent, the bill under consideration may be
passed over informally, for the. purpose of re-
ceiving the bill presented by the Senator from
Massachusetts. To that the Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia have instructed me to re-
port a bill supplementary to an act entitled "An
act to increase the present military establishment
of the United States," approved July 29, Xp6I;
and I ask for its present consideration. '
The bill (S.No. 58) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to increase the present military
establishment of the United States," approved
July 29, X861, was read a first and second time,
and considered as in Committed of the Whole. It
provides that the President may, during the pres-
ent insurrection, upon the recommendation of the
LieutenantGeneral commanding the Army of the
United States, or of any major general of the reg-
ular Army commanding forces of the United States
in the field, appoint such number of aids-dp-camp,
in addition to those now authorized bylaw, as the
exigencies of the service may, in the opinion of
the President, require; such aids-de-camp to bear,
respectively, the rank and authority of captains,
majors, lieutenant colonels, orcolonelsof the reg-
ular Army as the President may direct, and receive
the same pay and allowances as are provided by
existing laws for officers of cavalry of correspond-
ing rank. The President is to cause the aids-de-
camp appointed under this act to be discharged
whenever they shall cease to be employed in active
service; and he may reduce the number so em-
ployed whenever he may deem it expedient so to
do. Any officers of the regular Army appointed
aids-dc-camp under this act, and attached, or as-
signed to duty, for service as such, are, on their
discharge, to resume their positions in the regular
Army, and be entitled to the same rank and pro-
motion as if they had continued to serve in their
own regiments or corps.
Mr. "WILSON. X will very briefly state the
reasons why the bill is presented. By existing
laws, three aids may be appointed for a major -
general and two for a brigadier general. It is
found, with the large force we now have in the
field, that the number is inadequate, utterly so.
This is a proposition to allow the President to
appoint temporarily, to go out of scrvice at the
end of this contest, such number of staff officers as
the Lieutenant General or the general commanding
a department of the Army shall recommend. I am
told by some of those officers, and especially by
General McClellan, that, instead of three, he must
have a much larger number; that he cannot get
along without them; and it is important to have
them appointed immediately, for the public scr-
vice is now suffering for the want of these staff
officers. I hope, therefore, that the bill will be
passed at once. It is well guarded; carefully
drawn. These officers all go out at the end of
the war.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs if he will not insert
in that bill some limitation? It is perfectly un-
limited now, as X understand. Let there be some
limit.
Mr. WILSON. The only limitation is the
limitation of the judgment of the President, and
the judgment of the Lieutenant Genera] com-
manding the Army.ora major general command-
ing a department. Take, for instance, this mili-
tary department, where we are to have a hundred
or a hundred and fifty thousatfd men assembled.
There may be, perhaps, a dozen or fifteen of these
staff officers required in this large division, or they
may not need more than half a dozen. The dis-
cretion of the Ptesident is, I think, ample guar-
antee: and I think that no more will be appointed
than will bo needed. I do not deem it necessary
to amend the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE rilOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a bill (No. 82) to increase
the number of cadets in the Military Academy at
West i'oint, in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Presi-
dcntoftheUnitedStates had approved and signed,
on the 25th instant, the following bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 53) relative to the revenue
marine, to fix the compensation of the officers
then "f, and !oi other purposes; and
