362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 31,
A bill (H. R. No. 64) to refund duties on arms
imported by States.
Also, that the President had approved and
signed, on the 27th instant, the following bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 25) making additional ap-
propriations for the legislative, executive, and ju-
dicial expenses of- the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1862, and appropriations of ar-
rearages for the year ending June 30, 1861;
A bill (H. R. No. 69) to indemnify the States
for expenses incurred by them in defense of the
United States; and
A bill (H. R. No. 7G) to provide for the pay-
ment of the police organized by theUnited States
for the city of Baltimore, to enable the Mint to
furnish small gold coins, and to provide for the
manufacture or purchase of field signals.
Also, that the President had approved and
signed, oji the 29th instant, the following bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 73) to authorize the issue of
a register to the steamer Estella; and
A bill (H. R. No. 20) to provide for the sup-
pression of rebellion against, and resistance to,
the laws of the United States, and to amend the
act entitled "An act to provide for calling forth
the militia to execute the laws of the Union,"
&c., passed February 28, 1795.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; which thereupon received the signature of
the President pro tempore:
A bill(S. No. 20) authorizing the appointment
of an Assistant Secretary of tlio Navy, and fixing
the salary of the same, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 31) to increase the medical corps
of the Navy, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 48) to provide a commission to
examine and leportas to the compensation of all
officers of the Government, and for other pur-
poses; and
A bill (S. No. 51) in addition to an act enti-
tled " An act further to provide for the collection
of duties on imports, and for other purposes,"
approved July 13, 18G1.
SENATOR FROM KANSAS.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to:
Ilesoloal, Thatlhe President ol'lhe United St.lte-i !><■ if-
que.sted to miorm tin' l-<cnair ivln-lhi'i lion. J i'u * ft
Lakk, a Sfitatot in tlu^ body from Kansas, has In-cn ap-
pointed a bru^uluu* g^nwal in tbo Aunyofthc (Jmtcd
Slatesand if t>o, whether lie has accepted bucli appoint-
ment.
IIOUSE BILL ItEFEIlIUSD.
The bill (No. 82) to increase the number of
cadets in the Militaiy Academy at West Point
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Allan's and the Militia.
HILLS TNTItODUCKB.
Mr. HALE asked,and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to intiodueea bill (S. No. 55) au-
thorizing the President to fill vacancies in certain
offices during the recess of the Senate; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. McDOUGALL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (IS. No.
56) for the relief of George W. Wright; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. POWELL asked,and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 57)
repealing all laws itliowuig bounties on the ton-
nage of Vessels engaged m the bank or other cod
iisheries; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
59) in relation to the office of attorney of the Uni-
ted States for the southern district of New York;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (ri. No. 60) icla-
tive to appeals in eases of private land claims and
surveys m the State of California; which was lead
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
62) relative to printing extra numbers of mes-
sages, reports, and documents; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Printing.
PRINTING OF BILLS.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
two thousand extra copies each of the act ap-
proved 22d July, 1861, authorizing the employ-
ment of volunteers, &c.; of the act approved 26th
Jul}', 1861, in addition thereto; of the act increas-
ing the Army; and of the act for the better organ-
ization of the military establishment, reported it
with an amendment, which was, in line two, to
strike out "two thousand," and insert "four
thousand."
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted, as
follows:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the Senate
four thousand extra copies each of the act appioved 22d
July, 1861, authorizing the employment of volunteers, &e.;
and the act approved 26th of July, 18611, m addition thereto,
ot tile act incieasing the Armyjandol theacttorthe better
organization of the militaiy establishment.
SALE Oi' INTOXICATING DRINKS.
Mr. HARRIS. A bill passed the other day
relating to the sale of intoxicating drinks to sol-
diers in this District. It is ascertained on inquiry
that the penalty prescribed by that bill for the
offense which it makes, is such as to entitle the
person charged with the offense to trial byjury,
and it is supposed that it will create some embar-
rassment. I ask leave, therefore, to introduce a
bill supplementary to that bill, changing to some
extent the penalty for the offense. I ask also that
it may be put on its passage at this time.
Leave was granted to introduce the bill (S.
No. 61) to amend " An act to prohibit the sale of
spirituous liquors and intoxicating drinks in the
District of Columbiain certain cases." The bill
was read three times, and passed. It provides,
that whenever any person shall be convicted of
the offense prescribed in the act entitled " An act
to prohibit the sale of spirituous liquors and in-
toxicating drinks in the District of Columbia,"
lie shall be punished by a fine of twenty dollars,
or imprisonment ill the jail of Washington county,
in the District of Columbia, foi the period of thirty
days.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
take up House bill No. 74.
Mr. DIXON. Is there not a matter before the
Senate ?
The PP^ESIDENT pro tempore. The question
before the Senate is upon the bill relating to the
superintendents of navy-yards.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 ask unanimous consent
to take up and pass the bill to which I have re-
ferred. it is a bill of some considerable import-
ance, deemed so by the Secretary of State.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Michigan can only be enter-
tained by unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from New
Hampshire has withdrawn his purpose to offer
an amendment to the other bill, and I hope that it
will bo put upon its passage. I object, for the
moment, until we dispose of that bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Ohio objecting to the motion of the Senator
from Michigan, the question is on the bill which
was laid aside informally by common consent. If
other business 
Mr. TRUMGULL. I desire to inquire what
has become of the bill which was postponed until
one o'clock to-day ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It lies on the
table, to be taken up when it is reached in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ought it not to have been
called up atone o'clock?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not pending
the consideration of other business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I supposed, when the vote
was taken yesterday, and it was postponed to a
paiticular hour, it would come up at that hour.
If' that is not so, it requires a motion to take it
up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That motion
postponing it to a particular hour, not making it
the special order, only gives it preference to the
the general orders upon the Calendar, and it will
take priority of all other general orders when the
morning business, or other special business before
the Senate, shall be disposed of.
Mr. DIXON. I object to any further interrup-
tion of the bill before the Senate.
" COMMANDANTS OP NAVY-YARDS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pending
bill is'the bill (H. R. No. 78) to amend an act enti-
tled " An act supplemental to an act entitled ' An
act providing for a naval peace establishment and
for other purposes,'" passed March 27,1804; and
if no further amendment be offered, the bill will
be reported to the Senate as amended.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The
amendments were ordered to be engrossed, and •
the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read
.the third time, and passed.
CONSULAR REPRESENTATION ABROAD.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to take up
House bill No. 74.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R.
No. 74) to increasc"thc consular representation
of the United States during the present insurrec-
tion was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It authorizes the President of the United
States, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to appoint consuls at any foreign ports
where he shall deem it advisable, for the purpose;
of preventing piracy, with such compensation,
notexceedingp,500 per annum, as he shall think
proper, to hold their offices, respectively, during
the pleasure of the President, and in every ease
such compensation to cease with the restoration of
internal peace within the United States. It also
authorizes the President, during the present insur-
rection, to increase the compensation of any cori-
sulsin foreign ports, if he shall deem itnecessary,
so as not, however, to exceed the sum of $1,500
in any case. But this power is to cease with the
reestablishment of internal peace.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. HALE. I rise to ask the indulgence of
the Senate a moment on a little matter, which I
believe I never did trouble them with before in
my life. It is to make a very brief personal ex-
planation. The Senate observed that there was
some passage between myself and the Senator
from Minnesota, [Mr. Rice.] I wish to say that
I understood the Senator at the time, in the heat
of debate, to controvert distinctly a statement
which I made. I am satisfied 1 was mistaken in
that understanding; the Senator meant no such
thing. Smarting under what I believed to be in-
justice,! applied hypothetical! y the word " lalse"
to any statement that might conti overt my own—
not applying it to him; i did not apply itto him;
but 1 regret even that, as I am satisfied the Sen-
ator meant me no unknidness and no injustice, I
hope this explanation will be satisfactory to him
and to all bis friends.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, no one could be
more satisfied with the explanation \vliich_ lias
just been made by the honorable Senator trom
'New Hampshire than myself. Althougha young
member here, I have endeavored, on all occasions,
to conduct myself in such a manner as would give
the least possible occasion for ollVnse to any one;
and I regret that the Senator should have misun-
derstood me; or if I used words which I did not
intend, I regret it still more.
Mr. HOWE, Mr. President, if personal ex-
planations are in order, 1 have a brief statement
to make myself. Just before the Senate adjourned
last evening, my colleague called my attention to
the report of proceedings in the Senate of the day
before, from which 1 learned that serious com-
plaint was made because of the non-attendance of
Senators. The Senate found itself without a
quorum, and was unable to proceed with the
public business; and it so happened that at the
time that complaint was made, I was among the
absentees. My colleague stated then, very kindly
and very truly—for which 1 thank him—that I
was detained from the Senate by ill health. Nev-
ertheless, the record will show that at an earlier
hour of the day 1 was in my place participating
in the deliberations of the Senate; and tor this
purpose of explaining this apparent ambiguity, I
desire to say that I came here at the opening ot
