1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Senate on that day, though feeling but very-
little able to be here. I remained here for some-
thing like an hour, when I received a message
from a citizen of Wisconsin, saying that he was
under arrest here in the city as a rebel. I took a
carriage, and went to the hotel, where he said he
was, to vouch for his loyalty; and on" my return
to the Capitol, I found myself utterly unable to
the task of coming up to the Senate Chamber,
and I returned home and went to bed. That is
the occasion of my absence at that time. _ It is the
only time, I think, since I have been intrusted
with a seat on this floor, that I have been out of
the Capitol building during a sitting of the Senate.
ABMOltBD SIIIPS. ^ /
Mr. THOMSON. When the Senate aflourned
yesterday, it was in consequence of there being
no quorum; and the unfinished business of yes-
terday undoubtedly was the report of the com-
mittee of conference 011 the disagreement between
the House and the Senate in reference to the bill
for the construction of iron-clad steamers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
was about to present the unfinished business of
yesterday, but waited for the disposition of the
morning business, the proper morning hour hav-
ing been occupied in the discussion of another
bill. The Senator from New Jersey moves that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the un-
finished business of yesterday, which is the re-
port of the committee of conference on Senate bill
No. 3fi, to provide for the construction of one or
more aimored ships and floating batteries, and
for other purposes.
Tiie motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the report.
Mr. GRIMES. In order to settle this whole
subject satisfactorily to all parties, I move to in-
definitely postpone the motion to concur in the
report, which I understand will carry the bill
with it.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I submit that that cannot
be done. The yeas and nays have been ordered
in this case, and the vote taken, and it failed for
want of a quorum. The call of the yeas and nays
has been ordered on this report, and was partially
proceeded in; and I believe at the time there was j
a quorum in the Senate, but some gentlemen re- |
fused to vote. I take it for granted there can be |
no motion now made to interfere with the calling of
the roll, according to my understanding, although
I am not familiar with the rules of the body.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
before the Senate was upon concurring in the re-
port of the committee of conference, upon which
the yeas and nays were taken; and upon being
taken and announced, showed the want of a quo-
rum present and voting. That vote is therefore
a nullity; and if no other motion taking prece-
dence of that should be interposed, the Chair will
proceed to have the yeas and nays called again;
but a motion, if that be the motion of the Senator
from Iowa, to indefinitely postpone the bill, or the
report of the committee, which carrics the bill
with it, docs take precedence of the motion to
concur in the report of the committee of confer-
ence; and the question now is upon the indefinite
postponement of this report.
Mr. THOMSON. I submit, the yeas and nays
having been ordered and the call proceeded with,
whether that is in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair has
decided it to be in order.
Mr. THOMSON. That it is in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That it is in
order. The Chair has no doubt upon that point.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust I may appeal to
the Senator from Iowa to withdraw the motion.
If it is the determination of the majority of the
Senate to embark in the purchase ot this boat at
an expense of $800,000 at this time ot disaster,
the majority of the Senate call do so, and we
ought nor to stand m the way. We have spent
two days on this subject in this short session.
The proposition to buy this boat was introduced
in the Senate, discussed, considered fairly, and
a committee of naval officers was appointed to
examine into it. Wo have not had their report.
Since that time, in an indirect way, through the
means of a committee of conference, in a way
that I believe struck every Senator with surprise,
this steamboat project is again'brought oefore
the Senate. We all understand it. I trust, there-
fore, my friend from Iowa will not interpose a
dilatory motion, and that the Senate may take
the vote. We all understand distinctly that if we
concur in the report of the committee of confer-
ence, it authorizes the Secretary of the Navy to
buy this boat at an expense of $800,000 by the
simple report of three officers of the Navy, to be
selected by himself. If, on the other hand, we
do not concur in this report, we send the bill to
another committee of conference with instruc-
tions substantially that they shall limit the ex-
penditure of this money.
Mr. TEN EYCK. The Senator from Ohio will
excuse me when I say I do not think he states
the question fairly. I know of no determination
on the part of this Senate to purchase this boat
whether or no. I am opposed to any such meas-
ure as that myself. The simple measure is to au-
thorize a board.of inquiry, upon whose judgment
the Secretary of the Navy may act. If I thought
that it was to result now absolutely in the pur-
chase of that boat, as the Senator from Ohio seems
to indicate, I should vote against the measure.
It is simply directing an inquiry to be made; and
as that inquiry may turn out, so the action of the
Government may be.
Mr. GRIMES. I will give way to the appeal
of the Senator from Ohio if it is desired. I think
it ought to be indefinitely postponed, and let the
whole thing go.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator withdraw that motion ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question,
then, is 011 concurring in the report ot the com-
mittee of conference, upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordeied.
Mr. GRIMES. I want to state one or two
facts in connection with this subject, so that every
gentleman can have a full understanding of it. I
have taken the trouble since yesterday to go to
the Department and read the contract entered into
between the Secretary of the Navy, on the part
of the United States, in 1843 and again in 1844,
and Mr. Robert L. Stevens, of New Jersey, who
undertook to build this steamer. Mr. Robert L.
Stevens entered into a contract to complete this
steamer of certain dimensions, carrying a certain
armament, for the average price that was paid by
the Federal Government for the steamers Missis-
sippi and Missouri. The act under which the
Secretary of the Navy acted was passed on the
14th of April, 1849, and there was an appropria-
tion made at that time of $250,000 for carrying
the act into effect. The first contract was made
by Mr. Upshur, on the 10th of February, 1843,
to build this steamer. It was to be built of a cer-
tain capacity, carrying not less than six large
guns, and each of those guns were to be of a cal-
iber not less than any of the guns carried on the
Mississippi or Missouri; and it was to be encased
in halt' inch iron; and the price which Mr. Ste-
vens was to receive for the performance of his
part of the contract was the mean payment—that
is, the average price—that was paid for the Mis-
sissippiand Missouri by the Federal Government.
In the subsequent contract entered into by Mr.
Stevens, on the 14th of November, 1844, with
Mr. John Y. Mason, Secretary of the Navy, it
was agreed that the sum which Mr. Stevens
should'receive was $580,717 84; and in order to
indemnify tne Government against loss, Mr. Ste-
vens executed a mortgage to ihc Government upon
his real estate in New Jersey, by which ho agreed,
if he did not fulfill the contract according to the
stipulations, that this property might be sold, and
the Government reimbursed.
Now, sir, the Government fulfilled its portion
of the contract. In the first place, 011 the 14th of
April, 1842, it appropriated $550,000; oil the 3d
of March, 1855, it appropriated -~'20U,000; and on
the IGtli of August, 1850, itanpiopriated the ad-
ditional amount which was agreed upon between
Mr. Mason, then Secietary of tbeNavy, and Mr.
Robert L. Sicvetis, to be the full amount he was
to receive, ^86,717 81; so that the Government has
fulfilled its contract entirely; and what have we
£Ot? Why, sir, you have not got at your Navy
Depaitmmit a single plan, nor a single specifica-
tion fortius vessel, exceptsuch as are spread out
in the articles of the contract between the Gov-
ernment and Mr. Stevens. 1 understand that
there is a frame laid, that a vessel is paitly com-
pleted. I will say, in answer to the allusion made
by the Senator from Wisconsin {Mr. Do olitle]
and others to armored ships yesterday—the Sen-
ator from New Jersey can tell me whether-1 am
correct or not—I understand this is not anything
like the armored ships now being made in Europe.
I understand the purpose here is to sink this ves-
sel to the bulwarks when she goes into action by
allowing water to be introduced in some manner
into her hold.
Mr. THOMSON. If necessary.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand from the gentle-
man who has the thing in charge that that is the
proposition; that iron casements are placed only
over the bulwarks, and a short distance down—
not as low as the water mark; and that they are
to open certain port holes or apertures in the ves-
sel to let in water', to reduce her down to a certain
level; and then, if she will settle even, and will
not go too far down, they are to fight her in that
condition, and then to pump the water up out of
the hold of the vessel after the action shall be over
and they shall be the victors.
That is the kind of vessel this is. Itis notbuilt,
and is not proposed to be built, as I understand,
anything lilcean armored ship; and I have it pretty
direct, not from the Navy Department, not from
any official source, for you have not got any offi-
cial information on the subject; you have not a
plan in your Navy Department, in connection
with this subject; you have not got any specifi-
cations, except what were reduced to writing as
long as 1843 and 1844, before all the improvements
in naval architecture and naval gunnery wore in-
troduced.
Now, it is said by gentlemen we can safely do
this, because honorable men will be appointed by
the Secretary of the Navy to investigate this sub-
ject, and that the money will not be paid until they
have made a report. I do not doubt the integrity
of the Secretary of the Navy, and I do not doubt
the capacity or the integrity of the commissioners
whom he may appoint; but there is thisto bo taken
into consideration, that it is the interest of Mr.
Stevens to release his real estate, which is now
bound up under a mortgage to the Government to
the amount of $586,000 and interest for eighteen
years. It is hismterest, also, toget back upwards
of two hundred thousand dollars, which itis re-
ported—I know not with how much truth—he has
expended on this vessel, in addition to the amount
that has been paid him. I think there is a great
deal of Christian philosophy in that injunction,
" Lead us not into temptation;" and I do not want
this board of naval commissioners placed in that
condition, where they will have duty, honesty, and
integrity on the one side, and all the inducements
of $1,500,000 to compel them on the other. They
may resist it; 1 hope they will; I believe they will;
but I do not want either the Secretary of the Navy
or your naval officers placed in that condition.
Not only that, Mr. President; if this board should
report in favor of it, or if they should not, you
will see the money influence that is interested in
this project denouncing throughout theNew York
and Philadelphia papers the Secietary of the Navy
for his inefficiency. I have seen it already, be-
cause the Secretary of the Navy did not upon his
own mere ipse dixit  
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Hampshire will state his point of order.
Mi. HALE. My point of order is, that debate
on this bill is out of order. We were culling the
roll on concurring in the report last evening, and
the Senate adjourned lor want of a quorum; and
the point of order I raise is, that nothing is now
in 01 del- but the calling of the roll.
Mr. GRIMES. I yield, sir. ,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the judg-
ment of the Chair, the roll being but partially
called, and that division showing the want of a
quorum, the Senate adjourning upon it, the yeas
and nays having to be taken anew, the action of
the Senate, so far as it was had in the calling of
the roll, is treated as a nullity, and debate is in
order upon the question of concurring in the
report. . . ,,
Mr. HALE. If debate is in order, I wouid
rather hear the Senator from Iowa than anybody
else, and I hope lie will go on.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not want to intrude myself
011 the attention of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, and therefore leave the subject exactly where
it is.
