1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
367:
within their limits, would be an attempt to destroy this
equality, and would, if successful, subvert the Constitution
and the Union.
Resolved, therefore, by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives, That Congress does hereby solemnly declare that
hostilities against the &o called confederate States shall be
so proseeiited as to enforce obedience to the oblurations of
the Constitution, and the laws passed in accordance there-
with ; and that they shall not be so pio&ecuted as to rcduce
to a position of mferionty any ot the States, or to interfere
with their State governments, or to abolish slavery within
their limits.
Mr. BINGHAM. I raise the point of order
that that resolution is not admissible, under the
standing rule adopted this session.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order, and will have the rule read.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
"That the House, du«ing the. piesent extraordinary ses-
sion, will consider only bills and resolutions concerning
the military and naval opeiations of the Government, the
financial affairs thciewith connected, and general ques-
tions of a judicial character."
The SPEAKER. The point of order raised is
that the resolution is in violation of the rule. The
Chair sustains the point of order.
Mr. PENDLETON, of Ohio. I submit to the
Speaker that he has already decided that any-
thing concerning the prosecution of the war is
admissible under the rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not recol-
lect any such decision.
Mr. PENDLETON, of Ohio. That resolu-
tion was drawn up directly after the decision was
made, and it was intended to fall within the de-
cision of the Speaker.
The SPEAKER." The Chair has had the rule
read, and he sustains the point of order.
Mr. PENDLETON, of Ohio. I submit, of
course.
POLICE COMMISSIONERS OP BALTIMORE.
Mr. MAY offered the following resolution:
Whereas the Constitution of the United States declares
that no wariant shall issue but upon piobable cause, sup-
poited by oath 01 affirmation ; that no citizen shall be de-
prived of his liberty without due piocofs ot law ; and that
the accused shall enjoy the light of a speedy trial by a juiy
of the distnct wileie the ollcnso wa« committed: and
wheteas Charlcb Howard, William II. Gatehell, and John
W. Davis, citizens of tialtimoie, in the State of Maryland,
were, on the 1st day of July, 18CJ, seized without warrant,
ami without any piocess of law whatever, by a body ol
^oluior-s o! tho Aimy of the United States, by Older of Major
Geneial Banks, alleged to have been made 111 pursuance of
ordeis issued fiom the headquaiteis of the Army at Wash-
ington, and wuie iemoved b> foice and against their will
nom then homo-, to Foit Mellenry, vvheie they have ever
j-ince been, and now ai e, confined as prisoneis; and vv hereas
the said nulitaiy officer, without wanant or antlioiity of
law, superseded and suspended tho official functions of the
said Chailes Howaid and otheis, members of the boatd of
police of Baltnnoie; and uheieas, Mnce their said arrest,
a grand juiy attending the United States district couit 111
Ealtiinoie, and selected and summoned by a marshal ap-
pointed bv the present Executive of the United States,
bavins juiisdiction in the ptemises, and having fully in-
vestigated ail eases of alleged violation of law, lia^ finally
adjourned its session without finding any presentment or
indictment or otner pioceeding against them, or either of
them; ami tlio Pie"-ident of the United Wtate.--, being le-
que^ted by a resolution of the House of Representatives to
communicate the giound.-, ic.i^on*, and evidence for their
arrest and imprisonment, ha* declined so to do, because he
advised that it is incompatible with the public interest* ;
and whereas, since these proceedings, the said citizens,
with others, have been, by foice and against their wills,
tiansfeiied by the authonlj of the Government of the
United Stales beyond the State of Maiyhiml and the juus-
diction of that court which it their constitutional light to
claim, and aie to be subjected to an indefinite, a hopeless,
and cruel impiUonmenlin some foit or military place,unfit
for the confinement of the citizen, at a lemotc di&tanee
ftom their families and fuerids, and this without any accu-
sation, mve-tlgation, or tual whatevci; and whcieas the
constitutional pilviiege of the wnt ot' habeas corpus has been
treated with contempt, and a military officei (the piede-
eessor of Geneial Banks) lias taken upon himselt \he re-
sjioiiMbihty ot wulfui di-obudienco to the writ, and the
puviiesje of the same row continues >uspomled, thereby
subouUnating the civil to the militaiy power, thus violating
and oveithiowmg the Constitution of the United States,
and setting up in its «toad a military dopotism; and
whereas the Co'i«rrc«s of the United States regards the acts
afore-aid as cleai'and palpable violations of the-Constitu-
tion of the United fc?tates, and destmcuve to the liberties
of a fiee people : Therefoie,
Resolved, That the auest and imprisonment of Chailes
Howard, William II. Gatehell, and John W. Davis, and
otheis, without wari ant and pioeess of law, is flagrantly un-
constitutional and illegal; and they should, Without delay,
be released, or their case remitted to the proper judicial
tribunals, to be lawfully heard and detei mined.
Mr. HUTCHENTS. I move to lay the xesolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. BINGHAM. I raise the question of order
that the resolution is not admissible under the
standing order of the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
raises the question of order, that under the stand-
ing order by which the House is confined to the
consideration of bills and resolutions relating to
military and naval operations and financial ques-
tions relating thereto, and judicial questions of a
general character, the resolution is not in order,
Mr. MAY. Does not that resolution relate to
the military operations of the Army of the "Efnited
States ? Is it not an allegation of the tyranny prac-
ticed under color of military authority?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think
that such declarations on the part of the House
have anything to do with the military operations
of the Government.
Mr. MAY. Is it the decision of the Chair that
the point of order is well taken ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so decides. _
Mr. MAY. Well, I appeal from that decision.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to lay the appeal
upon the table.
Mr. STEVENS. There is another ground on
which that paper is not in order. It is not in or-
der to make a speech at this time; and that is noth-
ing but a speech.
Mr. MAY. I withdraw the appeal.
enrolled bills.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act in addition to an act entitled "An act
further to provide for the collection of duties on
imports, and for other purposes,"approved July
13, -1861; and _ -
•An act providing a commission to examine and
report as to the compensation of all officers of the
Government, and for other purposes.
OPINION OF ATTORNEY GENERAL.
Mr. KELLE Y* submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Printing:
Resolved* That ten thousand copiesof the opinion of the
Attoi ney Cencial, on the power of the President to sus-
pend tho wut ot* habeas coi j us,be printed lor the use ol the
House of itepiesentauves.
officers' accounts.
Mr. LEHMAN introduced a bill to facilitate
the settlement of the accounts of officers; -which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
NATIONAL ARMORY.
Mr. BABBITT submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the committee to which the subject of
the establishment of a national aimory has been referred
be, and is hereby, instructed to inqunc into the expediency
of establishing such armory at the cityot Eric, in the State
oi'Pennsylvania.
JAMES E. HARVEY.
Mr. STEVENS. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Sccretaiy of War be requested to com-
munieatc to tins Uou^e any communication which he has
received from James E. llaivey, minister to Portugal, since
his aiuva! at Lisbon, relative to the charges made against
bun of impioper communication with the rebels, or any of
them.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Does that come
within the standing order?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman raise
the question of order?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of Older.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will withdraw tho point of order. I think it
duo to Mr. Harvey, if he has any vindication,
that it should go before the country.
The point of order was not withdrawn.
COLONELS VOSBURS AND KENNEDY.
Mr. "WARD. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
stiueted to repoit a biil granting a pension to the widow of
the late Colonel A. Yobuig; and aleoabiil granting a
pension to the widow ot the [ate Colonel William D. Ken-
nedy.
Mi. McCLER-NAND. That resolution is im-
perative, is it not?
The SPEAKER. It instructs the committee
to report bills.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I suggest to the gen-
tleman that he modify his resolution, so aa to in-
struct the committee to inquire into the expediency
of granting these pensions.
Mr. WARD. I accept that modification.
Mr. FENTON. This is not an appropriate
subject of inquiry for the Military Committee* I
suggest to the gentleman that he modify his res-
olution so as to direct the Committee on Invalid
Pensions to make this inquiry.
Mr. WARD. I accept that modification also.
The resolution, as modified, was read, ahd
agreed to; as follows: •
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
instructed to inquii e into the expediency of reporting a bill
granting a pension to the widow of the late Colonel A.
Vo&burg; and also a bill granting a pension to the widow
of the late Colonel Willian^B. Kennedy.
health op tiie armt.
Mr. WARD. I offer the following preamble
and resolutions:
Whereas there is reason to believe that our Army is now
suffering in health anil deteriorating in general condition,
in consequence of obvious and icmediable causes, which
it behooves this House to inquire into and remo^ to the
extent of its power:
Be it therefore re&olved, That a committee of five be ap-
pointed to inquire into the condition of our troops as re-
gards their state of health, and to investigate the causes
which are acting unfavorably upon it, with a view of re-
moving them, and placing our Army in a more wholesome
and efficient condition.
Resolved, That such committee confer with the Sanitary
Commission, which has made the health of our troops the
special subject of inquiry, or such scientific and experi-
enced medical menandothers as may be competent to give
infoimation upon the influences unfavorable to health to
which our Army is exposed, or suggest means for their
lemoval.
Resolved, That said committee have leave to sit, if ne-
cessary, during the leccss of Congiess, and have power to
send for such persons as may bo able to communicate gen-
eral and scientific infoimation peitaining to the iuqtiiry;
and that the sum of $5,000 be paid, outot any money in the
Treasmy unappropriated, or so much thereof as may be
required, to delray the expenses of said investigation.
Mr. CAMPBELL. There is a medical staff
perfectly competent to look after the health of the
Army, and I therefore move to lay these resolu-
tions upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
So the preamble and resolutions were laid upon
the table.
reference 01? papers.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Ordered, That the papers relating to the application of
Jesse Smith Woodward, for a pension, be taken from the
files of tiie House, and referred to tile Committee on In-
valid Pensions.
mail route.
Mr. DUELL submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on tlie Post Office and
Tost Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a new mail route from Norwich, in the county
of Chenango, to Omcinnatus, in the county of Cortland.
trade and commerce of tiie united states.
Mr. ELIOT submitted thcfollowing resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to report to the next session ol Congiess, if any,
and if any what legislation is necessary for the increase
and extension of the trade and commerec of the United
States with foieign countries.
care 01? tiie wounded.
Mr. SHEFFIELD submitted the followingres-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That tho Committee on Military Affairs lie,
and lie) eby ai e, in-m ueted to inquire what legislation, if any,
is necessaiy to provide fur the caie and maintenance and
attendance upon soldieis wounded in the scrvice of the
United State-, who liave been or may be discharged from
said service and returned to the several States; with leave
to leport by bill 01 otherwise.
protection against privateers.
Mr. ELIOT introduced a bill to protect our
coast from privateers, and to prevent frauds upon
the revenue; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
The SPEAKER having concluded the call of
the States for bills and resolutions, announced
that there was no business before the House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM (at thirteen minutes
after one o'clock, p. in.) moved that the House
do now adjourn.
The question was taken; and on a division there
were—ayes 53, noes 42.
Mr. WRIGHT demanded tho yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
