370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1,
Mr. WILSON.' Mir. President, the tenth sec-
tion of chapter eighty-four of the Statutes at
Large, (containing the laws passed in I860,) pro-
vides—
"Tliatall purchases and contracts for supplies orser-
vices in any of the Departments of the Government; except
for personal services, when the- public exigencies do not
require the immediate delivery of the article or aiticies,or
performance of the service, shnll be made by adveuismg a
sufficient tune previously for proposals respecting the saiiie.
When immediate delivery or performance is required by
the public exigency, tlie articles or service required maybe
piocured, by open purchase or contract, at the places, and
in the manner, m which sucti articles are usually bought
and sold, or such scivices engaged, between individuals.
No contract or purchase shall heieal'tei be made, unless the
same be authorized by Jaw, or be under an appropriation
adequate to its fulfillment, except in the War and Navy
Depaitments for clothing, subsistence, forage, fuel, quar-
ter, or transportation, which, however, shall not exceed
the necessities of the current year."
By the provisions of this section the Senate will
perceive that all contracts for the Government,
excepting in the Army and Navy Departments,
for subsistence, clothing, forage, fuel, quarters,
and transportation—and they only for the current
year—must be made by advertising. Those things
may be purchased, accoiding to the wants of the
Army and Navy, by contract. This bill inter-
feres with that.
Mr. TRUMBULL IIow?
Mr. "WILSON. I thin*k it is a check upon
them. It is so understood and regarded.
Mr. SHERMAN. Under the present law,
■which the Senator has read to us, the Department
have authorized the purchase of horses to the
amount, I think, of eighty thousand. There is
no check, limitation, restraint, or qualification,in
the purchasing of those horses. The officers are
not even bound to make a return to any Depart-
ment of the Government. Contiacts fur them
may be made at any time, and without competi-
tion,and I am told they arc being purchased with-
out competition upon open orders. It seems to
me, we ought to have at least the check of a re-
turn of these contracts or purchases, with whom
made, by whom, and the terms upon which they
were made. We ought to have some knowledge
about them. The bill how before us provides
that. It provides that copies of these contracts
shall be sent to ihe Department of the Interior,
and requires that eveiy officer who makes these
contracts shall take an oath that neither for him-
self nor for any one else does he stipulate for any
personal gain. 1 do not believe there will be any
practical difficulty in carrying the provisions of
the bill into execution, except that it will restrain,
and it ought to restrain, these officers in the ex-
ecution of their very important duties.
Mr. FESSEND&N. I did not know, until
I heard the bill read, whether it applied to all
contracts, or made it necessary that contiacts
should be in writing; in all cases. On looking at
the bill more particularly, I think it does. 11 says
all contracts shall be nmdo in writing, whether
made by ihe War or Navy Department; and that
supersedes all the laws to the contrary with ref-
erence to bids, with exceptions, certainly. I think
the proper construction of the bill is, that the
Quartermaster General must make all contracts
in writing. I would thank the Secretary to read
the first part of the bill.
The Secretary read the first section of the bill,
as follows:
Be it eneeded, <$•<;., That it shall be the duty of the Secre-
tary of War, of the Secretary of the Navv, and of the Sec-
retary of the Jnteiior, immediately after the passage of this
act, to cause and require every contract made by them,
severally, on behalf ot the Government, or by their oflWus
undei them appointed to make Mich contracts, to be i educed
to wnting, and signed by the contracting parties with their
names at the end thcieot, a copy of which shall be filed
by the officer making and signing the said contiact in the
" Returns office" ot the Uopartmentofthelnteiior, (heiem-
aftci established foi thatpuipooc,) us >oon after the contract
is made a* possible, and within thirty day;, togcthoi with
all bids, oiTeis, and proposals to hini made by per.Mms to
obtain the same, as also a copy ot any adveitisetnent he
may have published inviting bids ollVr-, or piopusab lor
the same; all the said copies and papers in relation to cacli
contiactto be attached together by a ribbon and seal, and
numbered m regular order mimencalty, acconung to the
number of papeis composing the whole lotuin.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know, sir, upon
hearing more .particularly the bill read, that it
does require that all contracts shall be by bids.
It simply requires that every contract shall be in
writing; and that, perhaps, will relieve the bill of
a great part of this difficulty. But, sir, I believe
that that matter ought not to be left in doubt at
all. I am perfectly willing, and have been anx-
ious, and have tried in the Senate several times
to bring attention to the subject, so that a con-
tract should not only be in writing, but should
be made after the reception of bids in the ordinary
course, in order to afford all the security possible
to the Government in relation to these matters.
It is perfectly well understood, however—that
matter has been considered over and over again—
that in many cases that cannot be done; there is
no time for it.
Mr.COLLAMER. This bill does not require it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I say there ought not to
be any sort of doubt on that point; because that
would be impossible in many cases. I wish,
therefore, to inquire of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, whether or not the construction the De-
partment put on it is that it requires public bids
m all cases ? Is not their objection based on that
idea?
Mr. WILSON. They have that idea.
Mr. COLLAMER. Before the gentleman from
Maine sits down, I wish to make this a plain,
straight case, and see what we think of it. Dur-
ing the last war with England, being then quite
a young man, happening to be employed at one
time in making out some largo accounts for the
Government m the commissary department on the
northern frontier, I worked in the same room
where the quartermaster's department kept their
office. I frequently saw the clerk, the quarter-
master's sergeant, buy a cord of wood from a
man, pay him two dollars, say, font, draw a re-
ceipt lor it, and reduce it to writing, stating that
he had purchased a coidof wood at such a price,
and then take the man's receipt in duplicate. Now,
a large part of those were taken for a great many
more dollars than the man ever got. He did not
care any thing about that; he got his pay, and was
satisfied; but the voucher was another thing to
the Government altogether. Now, here arc quar-
termasters all over this country buying horses.
This bill does not require any bidding; it does not
require any advertising; but it does require that
those quartermasters shall file theii bills of sate,
if you please, or contract—"purchased of A B,
one black horse, $150." "Received pay in full,"
signed by the other party. It is required thatthey
shall file those, and shall swear that they made
the purchase honestly. That is all that the bill
requires. What 1 desired certainly in voting for
the bill was, that in due time the officers should
file all these contracts*, and we should have their
oaths that there was no secret understanding
giving an advantage to the other party, or them-
selves, diffcicnt from what the conhact purported
on its fare to be. That is the way I understand
the bill, and the object desired to be effected. It
ix all for which I voted, and all, 1 think, that the
bill requires.
Mr. WILSON. One single word further. If
the Senator from Vermont, and other Senators,
will give it as their opinion that this bill does*not
prevent the Secretary of War or Secretary of the
Navy from puichasmg clothing, subsistence, for-
age, fuel, quarters, and transportation 
Mr. COLLAMER. I have nut the least doubt
in the world of it. They can buy them just as
they please, only the bill compels them to file
their vouchers, or the contracts which they make,
and append their oath to them.
Mr. WILSON. Well, Mr. President, I am
very glad to have this explanation. I had doubts
about it. I thought that at this time, m spite of
all the hue and cry m the country about corrup-
tion, it was the duty of Congress to do nothing to
prevent the carrying on of the Government with
the utmost efficiency. I think our duty is to keep
our own hands clean, to watch the Government
carefully, but at the same time not to check ortie
them up. We must trust the men who adminis-
ter the Government and have some confidence in
them. For myself, that is the course I intended
to-day. When this bill came in I took it to Gen-
eral Meigs, a gentleman, and in whom I have
great confidence for his integrity and ability. He
wrote upon ihe bill " it is necessary sometimes
to order by tclegiaph large operations or large
purchases. This law would be impracticable"5'
Then he refers to the act which I have read, and
says it is the result of experience and wisdom;
that we should hold the officers to the strictest ac-
countability, but we must have as little red tape
as possible in administering and carrying on the
Government. It was for that reason that I pro-
posed to reconsider the vote concurring in the
House amendments. I had doubts about the pas-
sage of the bill. If, however, Senators understand
that this bill does not prevent the proper officers
from making these necessary purchases as they
please, to administer the Government in those de-
partments, but only requires that the record shall
finally be made up for the inspection of the coun-
try; I am in favor of it. I am in favorof every-
thing that can check in any degree the least coi-
ruption in the Government of the country; butl do
not wish to do anything to check the efficiency of
the Government during this war.
Mr. COWAN. I think the apprehensions of
the Quartermaster General, in regard to the opera-
tion of this bill, are entirely unfounded. As has
been said by the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont, the bill merely requires all contracts to be
made by the officers of the Departments to be put
in writing. Apprehensions may have arisen, how-
ever, from this provision. It frequently happens
that the contracting officer has bids and proposals
made to him, that is, where there is no formal let-
ting or bidding, and which he refuses to consider
from an improper purpose. It is well known that
such cases are occurring every day. Gentlemen
are offering the quartermaster: t will furnish
you a horse for §100;" and, instead of allowing
them to do so, they go ahead and buy them for
one hundred and ten or one hundred and fifteen
dollars, from somebody else, some friend peihaps,
sharing the difference between themselves. There-
fore the bill requires that where there had been
proposals made to a contracting officer in wnt-
ing—of course it does not require him to return a
parol bid—but when a proposition is made in
writing, that he must return that along with the
contract he has made; and he must also swear, in
his affidavit, that all these bids and proposals have
been honestly made and acted on; that is the
whole of it. It can embarrass the operations of
the department in no degree that I can sec. If,
for instance, a contract is to be made by telegraph,
the contract is notconsummated until the delivery
of the article, and at that time it can be put in
writing; and from that time the period of thirty
days will run, and within that they can file these
returns. These contracts are all simple. They
will not require any writing hardly, if the proper
form be made out which the bill requires to be
made out.
I think it is to the interest of the department
that a bill of this kind should be paused, in order
to stop the mouths of disappointed contractors
who go about and tell all those terrible stories of
frauds that wo hear. If this bill should pass, and
a man charges an officer with behaving improp-
erly, the first question will be: <4 Have you a copy
of the contract; have you the bids and proposals
made to him?" If such a person lias not that copy,
it stops his mouth, and he is told: "You had
better not say anything about it until you get a
copy." The bill will ically operate as a protec-
tion to the officers, if they are honest and deserve
protection. If they arc not honest, here arc the
means by which they may be caught in their de-
linquencies and punished. The contractor will
return that he has bought a horse, or a ton of
hay, for a larger price than need really be given
for it. Then the man from whom he bought it
can be brought forward to testify whether he did
pay that sum or not, and we shall have it before
the country, so that everybody can sec it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to inquire whether
there is any time fixed when the act shall go into
ellect? It stukes me there will be a good deal of
machinery necessary. There must be forms pre-
pared, and blanks, which must be sent to the va-
rious officers throughout the country. If the act
is intended to go into effect as soon as it is ap-
proved by the President, the opeiation of it must
be stopped until the forms and blanks are pre-
pared.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first line
of the bill settles that question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is it?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be read
by the Secretary.
The Secretary read it,as follows:
"That it fchall be the duty of the Soeretaiy of War, of
the Secretary of the Navy, and of the Secretaiy of the In-
terior, immediately after the passage of this act," &c.
Mr. BROWNING. If this bill is to have the
