374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1,
loan, and for other purposes," having met, after full and
free conference thereon have agreed to recommend to
their respective Houses, as follows «
That the House recede from' their disagreement to the
Senate's amendment, and agree to the same with the fol-
lowing amendment; add the following:
" Sec. 6. Jhid be it further enacted, That the provisions
of the act entitled 4 An act to provide for the better organ-
ization of the Treasury, and for the collection, safe-keep-
ing, transfer, and disbursement ojf the public revenue,'
passed August 6,1846, be, and the same are hereby, sus-
pended, so far as to allow the Secretary of the Treasury
to deposit any of the moneys obtained on any of the loans
now authorized by law, to the credit of the Treasurer of
the United States, in such solvent specie-paying banks as
he may select; and the said moneys so deposited maybe
xvithdi&wn from such deposit for deposit with the regular
authorized depositaries, or for thp payment of public dues,
or paid in redemption of the notes authorized to be issued
under this act, or the act to which this is supplementary,
payable on demand, as may seem expedient to, or be di-
rected by, the Secretary of the Treasury.
" Sec. 7. Jliul be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury may sell or negotiate tor any portion of the
loan provided for in the act to which this is supplementary,
bonds payable not more than twenty years fiom date, and
bearing interest not exceeding six per centum per annum,
payable semi-annually, at any rate not less than the equiv-
alent of par for the bonds bearing seven per cent, interest,
authorized by said act."
W. P. FESSENDEN,
DANIEL CLARK,
JAMES A. McDOUGALL,
Managers on the-part of the Senate.
THADDEUS STEVENS,
E. G. SPAULDING,
Managers on the part of the House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring m the report of the committee of
conference.
The report was concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills of the Sen-
ate:
A bill (No. 58) supplementary to the act enti-
tled "An act to increase the present military es-
tablishment of the United States," approved July
29,1861; and
A bill (No. 61) to amend an act to prohibit the
sale of spirituous liquors and intoxicating drinks
in the District of Columbia in certain cases.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 96) making further appropriations
for the suppoit of Hie naval servico for the year
ending June 30, 1862, and for other purposes;
and
A bill (No. 300) to suspend in part the opera-
tion of an act entitled " An act relating to revenue
cutters and steamers."
The message furtherannounced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the joint resolution (S. No. 5) to pay the
widow of the late Stephen A. Douglas the amount
due to him as a Senator at the tunc of his death.
The message further announced thatthe House
had agreed to the^ report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing vot<>s of the two Houses
on the bill (S. No. 3) providing for the better
organization of the military establishment.
The message furtherannounced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 64) to re-
duce consular feesfor vessels running to or between
foreign ports.
SUPPRESSION OF INSURRECTION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill (S.
No. 33) to suppress insurrection and sedition, and
for other purposes, having been passed over in-
formally, is again before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the pending question being
on the motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania
(Mr. Cowan] to postpone tho further consider-
ation of the bill to the second Monday of Decem-
ber next, on which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Mr. COLLAMEIi. Mr. President, it appears
to me, although I am not much astonished at it,
that the Senate, like the country,-seems to be
coming up slowly, rather too slowly, Jo the posi-
tion which we occupy. The truth is, (and it is
in vain to disguise it,) we are at war; we are in a
state of war, and of the worst kind—a domestic
war. Now, the question arises how, by what
power, and in what way, is that war to be carried
on? How is it to be maintained? By what power
in this Government? The first question on which
my mind differs from that of some gentlemen who
have spoken on the .subject is this: when are we
in a state of war? "We know that, in fact, war
has been waged and actually declared by what
are called the seceding States, against us. They
have issued letters of marque even. We have
had a regular declaration of war from them.
Mr. President, it is quite useless for men to'talk
about Congress having the war-making power.
All there is in that argument is this: among the
powers enumerated in the Constitution is, that
Congress shall have power to declare war; that is
to say, that that department of the Government
which can initiate a war in this country is Con-
gress; but that has nothing to do with a war made
upon us. If a war be waged and declared by
another nation upon this nation, I take it, it needs
no declaration of Congress about it; it is a state
of war. The difficulty that arose in my mind was
this: war has been declared by those whom we do
not recognize as a sovereign Power. We do not
regard it as a regularly declared war. Therefore,
in order to avoid all doubt about the fact that an
insurrection existed, in order to give to that in-
surrection in this country, by whatever name
called, a local and legal existence, recognized by
us, we passed a law in the early part of this
session by which we authorized the President,
wherever the insurrection existed in a State, and
especially if it claimed to do so by State author-
ity, and the State authority did not disclaim it,
to declare the people of that State, or any section
of it, where the insurrection existed, in a state of
war. This is what we have done, in order to
give it all formal sanction.
Now, Mr. President, the war, I take it, exists.
It has been suggested by some gentlemen here
that that war cannot be legally prosecuted after
Congress meets; that though it might be, from the
necessity of the ease, prosecuted by the President,
in tho excrcfse of the powers that ordinarily be-
long to the prosecution of war, until Congress met,
yet when Congress did meet he could do nothing
but what Congress authorized. I utterly disclaim
any such principle in our Government. Why,
sir, since we have met and during the three or
four weeks we have been sitting liere, the Presi-
dent, or those acting under him, have sent down
twenty, thirty, or foiLy thousand ofourown cit-
izens into Virginia, and have killed hundreds of
people. Is this murder? Where is your law to
authorizeit? Look through youractsand through
all your statutes, and where do you find any au-
thority of that kind ? Has it been done by any
action of Congress? Not at all. Sir, wo may as
well come to it first as lust: the power to prose-
cute war arid the manner of carrying on that war
is entirely executive—it is so in every country
everywhere—and the laws thatgovern those who
thus prosecute that war are the laws of war, not
tho laws of municipalities. They are not. the laws
of Congress, or of Parliament, or of tile National
Assembly of France: they arc the laws of war;
and no war can be prosecuted in any other way.
Now, sir, with these general preliminaries, I
come to speak of this bill. As near as I can rec-
ollect it, the bill in substance provides that the
commanding general of a military department
which has been declared by the President in a
state of insurrection or rebellion, may promulgate
that fact to the people there, publish it, and there-
upon he may rmtke arrangements for tho govern-
ment of the civil affairs of that part of tho coun-
try of which he takes possession, and overwhich
civil authority is temporarily superseded. What
of that? Is there anything new in that power in
the prosecution of war? "Nothing at all. Our
Supreme Court decided that our armies in Mex-
ico might levy and collect duties theie; and they
did do it, and were sustained by our authorities
and by the law of war. They established 111 Cal-
ifornia, before the peace, a civil government, and
caused the alcaldes to go on and execute the laws.
In New Mexico, they made a code of laws called
tho Kearny code, which is tho law there to this
day; which has been actually ratified by their Ter-
ritorial Legislature since that time. These cases
—the case of levying and collecting duties in Cal-
ifornia, and the other case of setting up a tempo-
rary civil government in a Territory within our
military possession—are part and parcel of the
rights of war, even to tho levying of contributions,
as were levied in the city of New Mexico, and
as the British levied on the city of Alexandria in
the last war. These are all incidental powers.
If we repudiate and throw aside the notion that
the Executive, in the prosecution of that war, is
clothed with the power to regulate the war, and
undertake to legislate upon this subject, then we
must do infinitely more than this bill mentions;
and there is my first great objection to it. If we
undertake to clothe the commanders, &c., in this
war with certain powers, it is as much as to say
they have no others; that it requires this legisla-
tion to give them, and there are not any more.
Now, take that bill: and I ask you how on earth
anybody could prosecute war under it? Does it
authorize the President, or the generals, to enter-
tain a cartel for the exchange of prisoners? Noth-
ing of the kind. Does it authorize them to enter
into a capitulation for the surrender or seizure of
a fort, city, or arsenal? Nothing of the kind.
Does it authorize them to execute a spy? Noth-
ing of the kind. The truth is, you have hardly
undertaken in that bill to recognize and to estab-
lish by law the powers of prosecuting war. You
stop infinitely short of them. By the laws of war,
when an army takes possession of an enemy's
country, or any part of it, and thereby supersedes,
if you please, the existing civil authority, pro
tanto, they go on and make such regulations and
civil officers as are necessary to execute the laws
for the security of the non-combatants who are
there residing.
Mr. President, the right to do the very thing
mentioned in the first section of this bill, is a right
of war without that statute. I have just been de-
scribing whatit is. It has always existed in every
army. You cannot decently, humanely, and with
any respect to civil propriety, ever get along in
subduing a country in any other way. Do gen-
tlemen leally suppose that these that we call rebel
provinces of the United States—they say they are
a separate and independent people of right; we
say they are not; we say they are in a state of
rebellion—can any man believe that that state of
rebellion, with an organized government of their
own, is ever going to be subdued, or, if you do not
like that word, reduced to obedience to our laws,
and again make up a State government, revolving
in its proper orbit in this Union—can this great
transition ever take place without going through a
condition of force and arms and war? Not at all,
sir. There arc but two modes: one is, that these
people lay down their arms, and, if you please,
proceed to reestablish their relationship to this
country, and revolve in their proper sphere, in
their orbit, of their own accord; or they must be
constrained to do so. Can they be constrained to
do it without passing through this transition stato
ofconstraint? Never; the thing is notimaginable.
If you go into Virginia now with an army, I
think the general officers of the Army, so far as
they take possession of any part of it 111 a state of
rebellion, should applyto the government of Vir-
ginia that wo recognize (represented 011 this floor
here now by two Senators) to appoint proper
officers within that district which he has thus con-
quered, and they should carry into effect their
laws there, and he should aid them in doing it.
But, if they go into a country where there is no
such authority recognized by us to apply to, then
you must establish temporary governments as all
people do when you go on conquering a country.
They never can be subdued in any other way,
until you bring those people whom you have thus
reduced to act in their civil capacity, to reinstate
themselves as part of this Government. I have
no other way of looking at this subject, and I can-
not conceive of the state of the case in any other
way.
Now, sir, that has not been done by legislation.
The President, or the General of our armies, in
the prosecution of this war, is to conduct it just
the same as any other. I desire no resentments
or irritations about it; but they do not derive their
authority from Congress. Not only do they not
derive their authority from that source, but they
cannot. The laws of war are laws between tho
belligerents. When you capture a spy, you can
execute him, according to the laws of war. Those
laws are recognized, and do not come out of legis-
lation by anybody.
Again, Mr. President, the mere powers which
are absolutely necessary to the prosecution of a.
