1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
375
war are, many of them, powers which Congress,
in the express words of the Constitution, is for-
bidden to adopt. Now, take one feature of the
bill before us which recognizes the trying1 of peo-
ple, and punishing them capitally, executing
them, by a court-martial. The Constitution pro-
vides expressly that all crimes shall be tried by a
jury, unless they are offenses committed by those
who are members either of the Army or Navy.
That is the provision of the Constitution. Now,
it is not with that clause as it may be with the
habeas corpus. That clause maybe suspended;
but the provision in regard to trial by jury, Con-
gress has no power to suspend anywhere.
I mention that as one illustration. I can find
a number of others similar to it, wherein the pro-
hibitions of the Constitution—prohibitions upon
the action of Congress—are of that character that
shows it is not possible to give, by any action of
Congress, those powers which everybody recog-
nizes as the rights of war, under the laws of war.
Therefore, without occupying any further time
about it, the war now being in legal existence,
ami if any more particular locality should be given
to it, it is by presidential proclamation, under the
statute we have already passed; my idea is, that
the rights of war, thepowerof prosecuting it, and
the mode of carrying it on, with all its limitations,
are to be derived from what are known in the
world as the laws of war. They are entirely in
the executive administration, not derived from
- Congress, and, I think, ought not to be under-
taken to be legislated about in Congress; because,
as 1 before said, the very attempt to legislate upon
them is to negative the idea that they have any
other power; and we should want more time and
more forethought and foresight to piovide for the
various exigencies which may present themselves
in war, than we should ever be able to give to the
subject. Therefore, I think it better to leave it
to the laws of war, where it properly belongs.
Mr. TEN" EYCK. As one of the committee
that reported this bill, 1 desiie simply to say a
few words. I do not mean to say anything about
the general merits of the bill, or what has fallen
from the Senator fiom Vermont, because I think
his positions aie sound, and he has expressed
them satisfactorily and fully. I am opposed to
the postponement of this bill, although I do not
agree with all its provisions. I agree in some of
them. I think that some of the sections of the
bill should become a law, and it was with that view
I agreed that the bill might be reported, so far as
I was concerned; thdt the Senate might consider
it, reject such provisions as they thought unfit,
and adopttho others. It is simply to these points
that! wish to call the attention of the Senate. I
think several sections of this bill are called for at
the present time, and are clear entirely of the ob-
jections raised to the whole bill by the Senator
from Vermont.
1 have great doubts with respect to our enacting
the first, second, and third sections of this bill. 1
think the provisions of public law will apply to the
cases intended to be remedied by those sections.
Jf they do not, I tlunk we had better leave the mut-
ter as it is than to undertake to patch up a remedy
which may be insufficient, and perhaps do more
harm than good. Wc hero undertake to authorize
acommanding officer, a brigadier general, to estab-
lish police rules and regulations as nearly in ac-
cordance with the law of the State or district as
possible. He is to establish police rules and reg-
ulations—it may be said that I am hypercritical—
but he is not to establish the general principles
and doctrines of the common or civil lav/ as they
may be in existence in different States of this
Union; and my fear is that, m endeavoring to pre-
scribe in this limited way, we shall exclude all
that is not included; and hence wc may get into
difficulty and create great trouble. I should like
to have that portion of the bill postponed.
In relation to the writ of habeas corpus—the
fourth section of the bill—I should not be disposed
to interfere with that matter. I believe that this
writ of habeas corpus is confided to the proper tui-
thoiity in this country; and I am myself unwill-
ing to confide it to the hands of a commanding
officer, in an}' distiict he may see fit to declare in
a state of insurrection or rebellion. I think it is
clothing him with entirely too high powers. I
shall not add a single word to what has been said
by the Senator from Vermont in relation to this
trial by court-martial. I think his answer is full
and complete on that subject. It occurred to me,
however, that the provisions of the seventh sec*-
tion were right; and with the permission of the
Senate, I will call their attention to it:
Sec. 7. ilnd be it further enacted, That all prisoners dis-
missed on parol, if retaken in arm^, or found aiding and
abetting the enemies and opposes of the Government, shall
be placed before a eourt-martiai, ami if identified and con-
victed by competent testimony, shall suffer death, or such
other punishment as said eouit may dhoct; the said sen-
tence to be submitted to the said Commanding General or
commander of the department, as al'oiesaid.
Mr. COWAN. If the Senator from New Jer-
sey will allow me, I wish to ask him if that can-
not be done without any enactment whatever;
whether it is not done every day with hostile
armies ?
Mr. TEN EYCK. Isupposc,if it can be done,
the general expressions of this section will not
interfere with the exercise of the power, and will
make it merely a statutory right. I do not know
but that that power may be exercised now; but I
suppose it could do no harm to declare by statute
what should bo done with persons who are taken
with arms in their hands, dismissed on parol,
and are found the next day, or the next week,
contending and struggling against the constituted
authorities in the same way they were at the time
of their arrest.
Mr. CLA.UK. Will the Senator from New
Jersey allow me to inquire of him where he finds
in the Constitution the wairant to Congress to do
that?
Mr. TEN EYCK. My attention has not been
particularly drawn to that point, nor do I intend
to insist upon it. I am making an explanation at
this time of the reasons which induced me to con-
sent to the reporting of this bill, and to desire that
it should not be postponed indefinitely. 1 think
good may come out of the bill if we undertake
to sift it, and to enact such portions as we think
proper, and reject such as we do not think proper.
The object I had in consenting to the reporting of
the bill, was that it might come before the Senate,
and we might have the benefit of the intelligence
and the light that might be thrown upon it by
Senators during the progress of Hs consideration.
If this section be not necessary, 1 will not insist
upon it.
J pass over the eighth section. I am not pre-
pared to vote for that at present; but it seems to
me the ninth section should be enacted and become
a law. That applies to the confiscation of arms,
accoutcrments, horse??, and movable ofFecty taken
in actual warfare, used by persons m rebellion at
the very time they are taken. Is there anything
wrong about that? Is there anything wrong in
our declaring by act of Congress that such shall
be the case with respect to this particular rebel-
lion and insurrection ? J know, m a state of war
between two belhgeient Powers, two distinct and
independent nations, that that question is settled
by public law; there can be no doubt about it; but
m order to avoid any difficulty upon that subject,
and to manifest what is tlv distinct understand-
ing of the Congress of the United States, 1 do not
see any objection to the incorporation of this sec-
tion into a bill of this kind.
If the fust, second, and third sections do not
bccome a law, there is no necessity for the tenth
section, because that simply authorizes the officer
who binds to let loose.
The eleventh section I consider all important;
and if no other section becomes a law, 1 should
like this section to become one at the present time.
It provides for the punishment of felonies and
other enmes committed by persons in the Army
upon persons in tile Army outside of the jurisdic-
tion of the courts of the United States, or where
there may be no courts of the United States or
State comts in existence to punish that sort of
crime. It is recommended by General Scott, the
Commanding G-eneial,who knows perfectly well
that offenses of this description ate committed,
and arc lively to be committed, and there should
be some provision for the punishment of such
offenses as those, as there are no means of reach-
ing them now. The act of 1795, establishing the
rules and articles of war, expressly excepts the
punishment of these offenses in the way in which
this bill provides; but this act is not to beemployed
or to operate except where these matters cannot
be reached by the criminal jurisprudence of any
of the courts of the United States.
I apologize to the Senate for taking up so much
time; but it seemed to me .there were important
provisions in this bill which'we ought-to* enact,
and certain other provisions that \fre ought to re-
ject. - : ; :
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not intend to say
another word about this bill, and should not-bat
for what fell from the Senator from Vermont; but
I am unwilling to be placed in afalse position my-
self, or to have the bill under consideration treated
as a thing which it is not. The Senator from
Vermont, for whose opinions I have very great
respect, has settled this whole matter atonce. He
asserts that this is war; that you cannot regulate
a war by Congress; it is the law of nations that
regulates war; and he wants to know, if this is a
bill providing for war, why you do not'provide
for spies, and why you do not make other pro-
visions? He goes on to say that it is directly
against the Constitution of the United States to
try a man by court-martial, because a man is en-
titled to a jury trial. Why, sir, did the learned
Senator from Vermont never read the acts of Con-
gress? It is provided by the act of 1806, in force
to-day, that—
" Whoever shall be convicted of holdingcorrespondence
with, or giving intelligence to, the enemy, either directly
or indirectly, bhull suffer death, or such other punishment
as sbali be oidercd by the sentence of a court-martial."
Our fathers had no doubt that in time of war
Congress couid authorize the punishment by
court-martial of a person, whether in the Army
or out of it, who gave intelligence to the enemy.
The Senator says we cannot regulate the proceed-
ings during a time of war; that Congress has no
power over them. The statute is full of regula-
tions of the Army in time of war; and this very
act, the very case he puts, provides the punish-
ment for a spy. Here is the clause:
"That in time of war all persons not citizens of, or
owing allegiance to, the United States of America, who
shall be found linking as spies in or about the fortifications
or encampments of the Army of the United States, or any
of thftn, bhall buffer death, according to the law and usages
of nations, bv sentence ot' a general court martial."
The statute is full of provisions controlling and
governing the Army in time of war. Express
authority is given to Congress by the very words
of the Constitution to make the rules and regu-
lations for the government of the Army; and
yet, forsooth, we arc told by the Senator from
Vermont, Congress cannot make any laws at all;
war is declared, and the President can carry on
the war just as ho pleases. Now, sir, I deny his
very premises. I deny that this is a war in the
sense in which he speaks. There is a rebellion.
We have treated it as a rebellion. The Execu-
tive has treated it as a rebellion. The Senator
wants to know if it was murder when our Army
went over to Virginia a few days ago, and killed
several hummed persons ? Certainly not. It was
not necessary to write down in the statute-book
that our Army should have authority to go into
Virginia, and shoot men; butwhat has Congress
done? Congress has recognized this existing
state of tlungs. It has voted hundreds of millions
of money and hundreds of thousands of men to
put down the rebellion. It has authorized the call-
ing out of the militia for the purpose of enforcing
the laws; and the courts have decided that when
the militia are called out for that purpose, they
may use all the means necessary to accomplish
the object; and the provision of the Constitution
which provides for trial by jury has no applica-
tion. When the military authority is called out
to enforce the laws and suppress rebellion, they
have all the authority necessary to accomplish
the end for which that power is given; and if it
be necessary to level houses, to lavage the coun-
try, and to shoot men, they have the authority.
The militarypower is not called out as a display.
Nor is this a war in the sense the Senator from
Vermont would intimate. His doctrine would
recognize these southern rebels as agovernment.
He wants to provide for an exchange of pris-
oners, and he asks why that is not in the bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire not to be inten-
tionally misrepresented, certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly not. The Sen-
ator spoke of an exchange of prisoners.
Mr. COLLAMER. But I disclaimed that they
were a government. I said the reason we passed
a law to authorize the President to issue his proc-
lamation was because we did not recognize such
a Power on earth.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then, if he does notrec* .
