1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
, of the President, to be by him detailed to a sub-
altern military commander, the authority to enter
the Commonwealth of Kentucky, to abolish the
State, to abolish the Executive, the Legislature,
and the judiciary, and to substitute just such rules
for the Government of its people as that military
commander may choose? Well might the Sen-
ator from Delaware [Mr. Saulsbury] say that
this bill contains provisions conferring authority
which never was exercised in the worst days of
Rome, by the worst of her dictators. 1 have won-
dered why the bill was introduced. I havesome-
times thought that possibly it was introduced for
the purpose of preventing the expression of that
reaction which is now evidently going on in the
public mind against these procedures so fatal to
constitutional liberty. The Army may be thus
used, perhaps, to collect the enormous direct taxes
for which preparation is now being made by Con-
gress; and if in any part of Illinois, or Indiana,
or New York, or any State, North or South, there
shall be difficulty, or resistance, the President in
his discretion may declare it to be in a state of
insurrection, all the civil authorities may be over-
thrown, and his military commander may make
rules and regulations, collect taxes, and execute
the laws at his pleasure.
Mr. President, gentlemen talk about the Union
as if it was an end instead of a means. They talk
about it as if it was the Union of these States
which alone had brought into life the principles
of public and of personal liberty. Sir, they ex-
isted before, and they may survive it. Take care
that in pursuing one idea you do not destroy not
only the Constitution of your country, but sever
what remains of the Federal Union. These eter-
nal and sacred principles of public and of per-
sonal liberty, which lived before the Union and
will live forever and ever somewhere, must be
respected; they cannot with impunity be over-
thrown; and if you force the people to the issue
between any form of government and these price-
less principles, that form of government will per-
ish; they will tear it asunder as the irrepressible
forces of nature rend whatever opposes them.
Mr. President, I shall not long detain the Sen-
ate. I shall not enter now upon an elaborate dis-
cussion of all the principles involved in this bill,
and ail the consequences which, in my opinion,
flow from it. A word in regard to what fell from
the Senator from Vermon t, the substance of which
has been uttered by a great many Senators on this
floor. What I tried to show some time ago has
been substantially admitted. One Senator says
that the Constitution is put aside in a struggle
like this. Another Senator says that the condi-
tion of affairs is altogether abnormal,and that you
cannot deal with them on constitutional princi-
ples, any more than you can deal by any of the
regular operations of the laws of nature with an
earthquake. The Senator from Vermont says
that all these proceedings are to be conducted ac-
cording to the laws of war; and he adds that the
laws of war require many things to bedone which
are absolutely forbidden in the Constitution; which
Congress is prohibited fiom doing, and all other
departments of the Government are forbidden
from doing by the Constitution; but that they are
proper under the laws of war, which must alone
be the measure of our action now. I desire the
country, then, to know this fact; that it is openly
avowed upon this floor that constitutional limit-
ations are no longer to be regarded; but that you
are acting just as if there were two nations upon
this continent, onetarraycd against the other; some
eighteen or twenty million on one side, and some
ten or twelve million on the other, as to whom
the Constitution is nought, and the laws of war
alone apply.
Sir, let the people, already beginning to pause
and reflect upon the origin and nature and the
probable consequences of this unhappy strife, get
this idea fairly lodged in their minds—and it is a
true one—and 1 will venture to say that the brave
words which w^now hear every day about crush-
ing, subjugating, treason, and traitors, will not be
so uttered the next time the Representatives of the
people and the States assemble beneath the dome
of this Capitol.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. With the consent of
the Senator from Kentucky, I should like to ask
him a question.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I prefer that the Sen-
ator from Kansas should not at present interrupt
me. I shall soon close what I have to say, and
then he will be entitled to the floor.
Then, sir, if the Constitution is really to be put
aside, if the laws of war alone are to govern, and
whatever may be done by one independent nation
at war with another, is to be done, why not act
upon that practically? I do not hold that the
clause of the Constitution which authorizes Con-
gress to declare war, applies to any internal diffi-
culties. I do not believe it applies to any of the
political communities, bound together under the
Constitution, m political association. I regard it
as applying to external enemies. Nor do 1 be-
lieve that the Constitution of the United States
ever contemplated the preservation of the Union
of these States by one half the States warring on
the other half. It details particularly how mili-
tary force shall be employed in this Federal sys-
tem of Government, and it can be employed prop-
erly in no other way; it can be employed in aid
of the civil tribunals. If there are no civil tri-
bunals, if there is no mode by which the laws of
the United States may be enforced in the manner
prescribed by the Constitution, what follows?
The remaining States may, if they choose, make
war, but they do it outside of the Constitution;
and the Federal system, as determined by the
principles and terms of that instrument, does not
provide for the case. It does provide for putting
down insurrections, illegal uprisings of individ-
uals, but it does not provide, in my opinion, either
in its spirit or in its terms, for raising armies by
one halfofthe political communities that compose
ik the Confederacy, for the purpose of subjugating
the other half; and the very fact that it does not,
is shown by the fact that you have to avow on
the floor of the Senate the necessity for putting
the Constitution aside, and conducting the whole
contest without regard to it, and in obedience
solely to the laws of war.
Then, if we ace at war, if it is a case of war,
treat it like war. Practically, it is being treated
like war. The prisoners whom the United States
have taken are not hung as traitors. The pris-
oners which the other Suites have taken are not
hung as traitors. It is war. The Senator is right
in saying it is war; but, in my opinion, it is not
only an unhappy but an unconstitutional war.
Why, then, all these proceedings upon the part
of the Administration, refusing to send or to re-
ceive flags of truce; refusing to recognize the ac-
tual condition of affairs; refusing to do those acts
which, if they do not terminate, may at least
ameliorate the unhappy condition in which we
find ourselves placed?
So much, then, we know. We know that ad-
mitted violations of the Constitution have been
made, and are justified. Wo know that we have
conferred by legislation,and are, perhaps, still fur-
ther by legislation to confer, authority to do acts
not warranted by the Constitution of the United
States. We have it openly avowed that the Con-
stitution of the Union, which is the bond of asso-
ciation, at least, between those States that still
adhere to the Federal Union, is no longer to be
regarded. It is not enough to tell me that it has
been violated by those communities that have se-
ceded. Other States have not seceded; Kentucky
has not seceded; Illinois has not seceded; some
twenty States yet compose the Federal Union,
nominally under this Constitution. As to them,
that instrument, in its terms and in its spirit, is
the bond of their connection under the Federal
system. They have a right, as between them-
selves and their co-members of the Confederacy,
to insist upon its being respected. If, indeed, it
is to be put aside, and we are to go into a great
continental stiugglo, they may pause to inquire
what is to become of their liberties, and what their
political connections are to be in a contest made
without constitutional warrant, and m derogation
of all the terms of the instrument. How can this
be successfully controverted? Though you may
have a right to trample under foot the Constitu-
tion, and to make war (as every power has a
right to make war) against the Stales that have
seceded, have yuu a right to violate it as to any
of the adhering States, who insist upon fidelity
to its provisions? No, sir.
Mr. President, we are on the wrong tack; we
have been from the beginning. The people begin
to sec it. Here we have been hurling gallant fel-
lows oil to death, and the blood of Americans has
been shed—for what? They have shown their
prowess, respectively—that which belongs to,the
race—and shown it like men, Butforwhathav^tfee
United States soldiers, according to the exposition
we have heard here to-day, been shedding their
blood, and displaying their dauntless courage/. It
has been to carry out principles that three fourths
of them abhor; for the principles contained in this
bill, and continually avowed on the floor of the
Senate, are not shared, I venture to say, by one '
fourth of the Army.
I have said, sir, that we are on the wrong tack.
Nothing but ruin, utter ruin, to the North, to the
South, to the East, to the West, will follow the
prosecution of this contest. You may look for-
ward to innumerable armies; you may look for-
ward to countless treasures—all spent forthe pur-
pose of desolating and ravaging this continent;
at the end leaving us just where we are now; or
if the forces of the United States are successful
in ravaging the whole South, what on earth will
be done with it after that is accomplished? Are
not gentlemen now perfectly satisfied that they
have mistaken a people for a faction ? Are they
not perfectly satisfied that, to accomplish their
object, it is necessary to subjugate, to conquer—
ay, to exterminate—nearly ten millions of people?
Do you not know it? Docs not everybody know
it? Does not the world know it? Let us pause,
and let the Congress of the United States respond I
to the rising feeling all over this land in favor of
peace. War is separation; in the language of nn
eminent gentleman now no more, it is disunion,
eternal and final disunion. We have separation
now; it is only made worse by war, and an utter
extinction of all those sentiments of common in-
terest and feeling which might lead, to a political
reunion founded upon consent and upon a con-
viction of jtsad vantages. Letthe war goon,how-
ever, and soon, in addition to the moans of widows
and orphans all over this land, you will hear the
cry of distress from those who want food and
the comforts of life. The people will be unable
to pay the grinding taxes which a fanatical spirit
will attempt to impose upon them. Nay, more,
sir; you will sec further separation. I hopeitisnot
" the sunset of life gives me mystical lore," but
in my mind's eye 1 plainly see " coming events
cast their shadows before." The Pacific slope
now, doubtless, is devoted to the union of States.
Let this war go on till they find the burdens of
taxation greater than the burdens of a separate
condition, and they will asseit it. Lot the war
go on until they see the beautiful features of the
old Confederacy beaten out of shape p«nd comeli-
ness by the brutalizing hand of war, and they will
tuin aside in disgust from the sickening spectacle,
and become a separate nation. Fight twelve
months longer, and the already opening differ-
ences that you see between New England and the f
great Northwest will develop themselves. You |
havetwoconfederacicsnow. Fighttwclvemonths,
and you will have three; twelve months longer,
and you will have four.
I will not enlarge upon it, sir. I am quite
aware that all I say is received with a sneer of
incredulity by the gentlemen who represent the
far Northeast; but let the future deteiminewho
was right and who was wrong. We are making
our record here; I, my humble one, amid the
sneers and aversion of nearly all who surround
me, giving my votes, and uttering my utterances
according to my convictions, with but few approv-
ing voices, and surrounded by scowls. The time
will soon come, Senators, when history will put
her final seal upon these proceedings, and if my
name shall be recorded there, going along with
yours as an actor in these scenes, I am willing to
abide, fearlessly, her final judgment.
Mr. BAKER. Mr. President, it has not been
my fortune to participate in at any length, indeed,
not to hear very much of, the discussion which
has been going on—more, I think, in the hands of
the Senator from Kentucky than anybody else-—
upon all the propositions connected with this war;
and, as I really feel as sincerely as he can an
earnest desire to preserve the Constitution of the
United States for everybody, South as well as
North, I have listened for some little time past to
what he has said.with an earnest desire to appre-
hend the point of his objection to this particular
bill. And now—waiving what I think is the ele-
gant but loose declamation in which he chooses
to indulge—I would propose, with my habitual
respect for him, (for nobody is moie courteous
