878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1,
and more gentlemanly,) to ask him if he will be
kind enough to tell me what single particular pro-
vision there is in this bill which is in violation of
live Constitution of the United States, which I have
sworn to support—one distinct, single proposi-
tion in the bill.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will state, in gen-
eral terms, thatevery one of them is, in my opin-
ion, flagrantly so, unless it may be the last. I
• will send the Senator the bill, and he may com-
ment on the sections.
' Mr. BAKER. Pick out that one which is in
your judgment most clearly so.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. They are all, in my
opinion, so equally atrocious that I dislike to dis-
criminate. 1 will send the Senator the bill, and I
tell him that every section, except the last, in my
opinion, violates the Constitution of tho. United
States; and of that last section, I express no
opinion.
Mr. BAKER. ■ I had hoped that that respect-
ful suggestion to the Senator would enable him
to point out to me one, m his judgment, most
clearly so, for they are not all alike—they are not
equally atrocious.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Very nearly. There
arc ten of them. The Senator can select which
he pleases.
Mr. BAKER. Let me try then, if I must gen-
eralize as the Senator does, to sec if I can get the
scope and meaning of this bill. It-is a bill pro-
viding that the President of the United States
may declare, by proclamation, in a certain given
state of fact, certain territory within the United
States to be in a condition of insurrection and war;
which proclamation shall be extensively published
within the district to which it relates. That is
the first proposition. I ask him if thivt is uncon-
stitutionalJ That is a plain question. Is it un-
constitutional to give power to the President to
declare a portion of the territory of the United
States in a state of insurrection or rebellion ? He
will not dare to say it is.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Mr. President, the
Senator from Oregon is a very adroit debater, and
ho discovers, of course, the great advantage he
would have if 1 were to allow him, occupying the
floor, to ask mo a series of questions, and then
have his own critici-una made on them. When
ho has closed his speech, i<" f deem it necessary,
i may make some ieply. At present, however,
I will answer that question. The Suite of Illinois,
I believe, is a military district; the State of Ken-
tucky is a military district. In my judgment, the
President has no authority, and, in my judgment,
Congress has no right to confer uponthe'Presi-
dent authority, to declare a State in a condition
of insurrection or rebellion.
Mr. BAKER. In the first place, the bill does
not say a word about States. That is the first
answer.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Does not the Senator
know, in fact, that those States compose military
districts? It might as well have said ''States
as to describe what is a State.
Mr. BAKER. I do; and that is the reason
why I suggest to the honorable Senator that this
criticism about States docs not mean anything at
all. That is the very point. Tho objection cer-
tainly ought not to be that he can declare a part
of a State in insurrection and not the whole of it.
In point of fact, the Constitution of the United
States, and the Congress of the United States act-
ing upon it, arc not treating of States, but of tho
territory comprising the Umted States; and I sub-
mit once more to his better judgment that it can-
not be unconstitutional to allow the Ptesident to
dcclarc a county or a part of a county, or a town
or a part of a town, or part of a State, or the whole
of a Suite, m* two States, or lire States, in a con-
dition of insurrection, if in his judgment that be
the fact. That is not wrong.
In the next pUce, it provides that that being so,
the military commander in that district may make
and publish such police rules and regulations as
he may deem necessary to suppress the lebellion
and restore order and preserve the lives and prop- j
erty of citizens. I submit to him, if the Ptcsi- i
dent of the United States has power, or ought to i
have power, to suppress insurrection and rebel- '
lion, is there any better way to do it, or is there
any other? The gentleman says, do it by the civil
power. Look at the tact. The civil power is
utterly overwhelmed; the courts are closed; the
judges banished. Is the President not to execute
the law ? Is he to do it in person, or by his mil-
itary commanders? Arc they to do it with regu-
lation, or without it? That is the only question.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator says there
is a state of war. The Senator from Vermont
agrees with him; or rather, he agrees with the
Senator from Vermont in that. What then?
There is a state of public war; none the less war
because it is urged from the other side; not the
less war because it is unjust; not the less war be-
cause it is a war of insurrection and rebellion. It
is still war; and I am willing to say it is public
war—public as contradistinguished from private
war. What then? Shall we carry that war on ?
Is it his duty as a Senator to carry it on ? If so,
how? By armies, under command; by military
organization and authority, advancing to suppress
insurrection and rebellion. Is that wrong? Is
that unconstitutional? Are we not bound to do,
with whoever levies war against us, as we would
do if he was a foreigner ? There is no distinction
as to the mode of carrying on war; wc carry on
war against an advancing army just the same,
whether it be from Russia or from South Caro-
lina, Will the honorable Senator tell me it is our
duty to stay here, within fifteen miles of the en-
emy seeking to advance upon us every hour, and
talk about nice questions of constitutional con-
struction as to whether it is war or merely insur-
rection? No, sir. It is our duty to advance, if
we can; to suppress insurrection; to put down
rebellion; to dissipate the rising; to scatter the
enemy; and when wc have done so, to preserve,*
in the terms of the bill, the liberty, lives, and
property of the people of the country, by just
and fair police regulations. I ask the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Lane,] when we took Monterey,
did we not do it there ? When wc took Mexico,
did we not do it theie ? Is it not a part, a neces-
sary, an indispensable part of war itself, that
there shall be military regulations over the coun-
try conquered and held? is that unconstitutional?
1 think it was a mere play of words that the
Senator indulged in when he attempted to answer
the Senator from New York. 1 did not under-
stand the Senator from New York to mean any-
thing else substantially but this, that the Consti-
tution deals generally with a state of peace, and
that when war is declared it leaves the condition
of public affans to be determined by the law of
war, m the country where the war exists. It is
true that the Const itution of the United States does
adopt the laws of war as a part of the instrument
itself, duiing the continuance of war. The Con-
titution does not provide that spies shall be hung.
Ik it. unconstitutional to hang a spy? There is no
provision for it in terms m Ihc Constitution; but
nobody denies the right, the power, the justice.
Why? Because it is part of the law of war. The
Constitution does not provide for the exchange
of prisoners; yet it may be done under the law of
war. Indeed the Constitution does not provide
that a prisoner may be taken at all; yet his cap-
tivity is perfectly just and constitutional. It seems,
to me that the Senator does not, will not, take that
view of the subject.
Again, sir, when a military commander ad-
vances, as I trust, if there are no more unexpected
great leverses, he will advance, through Virginia
and occupies the country, there, perhaps, as here,
the civil law may be silent; there perhaps the civil
officers may flee as ours have been compelled to
tlce. What then? If the civil law is silent, who
shall coni rol and regulate the conquered district—
who but the military commander? As the Sen-
ator from Illinois has well said, shall it be done
by regulation or without regulation? Shall the
general, or the colonel, or the captain, he supreme,
or shall ho be regulated and ordered by the Pres-
ident of the United States? That is the sole
question. The Senator has put it well.
I agree that we ought to do all we can to limit,
to restrain, to fetter the abuse of military power.
Bayonets are at best illogical arguments. I am
not willing, except as a case of sheerest necessity,
ever to permit a military commander to exercise
authority over life, liberty, and property. But,
sir, it is part of tho law of war; you cannot carry
in the rear of your army your courts; you can-
not organize juries; you cannot have trials accord-
ing to the foims and ceremonial of the common
law amid the clangor of arms, and somebody
must enforce police regulations in a conquered or
occupied district. I ask the Senator from Ken-
tucky again respectfully, is that unconstitutional;
or if in the nature of war it must exist, even if
there be no law passed by us to allow it, is it un-
constitutional to regulate it? That is the ques-
tion, to which I do not think he will make a clear
and distinct reply.
Now, sir, I have shown him two sections of the
bill, which I do not think he will repeat earnestly
are unconstitutional. I do not think that he will
seriously deny that it is perfectly constitutional
to limit, to regulate, to control, at the same time
to confer and restrain authority in the hands of
military commanders. I think it is wise and ju-
dicious to regulate it by virtue of powers {p be
placed in the hands of the President by law..
Now, a few words, and a few only, as to the
Senator's predictions. The Senator from Ken-
tucky stands up here in a manly way in opposi-
tion to what he sees is the overwhelming senti-
ment of the Senate, and utters reproof, maledic-
tion, and prediction combined. Well, sir, it is
not every prediction that is prophecy. It is the
easiest thing in the world to do; there is nothing
easier, except to be mistaken when we have pre-
dicted, I confess, Mr. President, that I would
not have predicted three weeks ago the disasters
which have overtaken our arms; and I do not
think (if I were to predict now) that six months
hence the Senator will indulge in the same tone of
prediction which is his favorite key now. 1 would
ask him what would you have us do now—a con-
federate army within twenty miles us, advancing,
or threatening to advance, to overwhelm your
Government; to shako the pillars of the Union;
to bring it around your head, if you stay here,
in ruins? Are we to stop and talk about an up-
rising sentiment in the North against the war?
Are we to predict evil, and retire from what we
predict? Is it not the manly pait to go on as wc
nave begun, to raise money, and levy armies, to
organize them, to prepare to advance; when we
do ad vance, to regulate that advance by all the laws
and regulations that civilization and humanity
will allow in time of battle? Can we do anything
more? To talk to us about stopping, is idle; we
will never stop. Will the Senator yield to rebel-
lion? Will he shrink from armed insurrection?
Will his State justify it? Will its better public
opinion allow it? Shall wc send a flag of truce ?
What would he have? Or would he conduct this
war so feebly, that the whole world would smile
at us in derision? What would he have? These
speeches of his, sown broadcast over the land,
what clear distinct meaning have they ? Arc they
not intended for disorganization in our very
midst? Are they not intended to dull our weap-
ons ? Are they not intended to destroy our zeal?
Are they not intended to animate our enemies?
Sir, arc they not words of brilliant, polished trea-
son, even in the very Capitol of the Confederacy?
[Manifestations of applause m the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (tiir. Anthony
in the chair.) Order!
Mr. BAKER. What would have been thought
if, in another Capitol, in another Republic, in a
yet more martial age, a senator as grave, not more
eloquent or dignified than the Senator from Ken-
tucky, yetwith the Roman purple flowingovcrhis
shoulders, had risen in his place, surrounded by
all the illustrations of Roman glory, and declared
that advancing Hannibal was just, and that Car-
thage ought to be dealt with in terms of peace ?
What would have been thought if, after the battle
of Cannae, a senator there had lisen in his place
and denounced eveiy levy of the Roman people,
every expenditure of its treasure, and every ap-
peal to the old recollections and the old glories?
Sir, a Senator, himself learned far more than my-
self in such lore, [Mr. Fessenden,] tells me, in a
voice that I am glad is audible, that he would have
been hurled from the Tarpeian rock. It is a grand
commentary upon the American Constitution that
we permit these words to be uttered. I ask the
Senator to recollect, too, what, save to send aid
and comfoit to the enemy, do these predictions of
his amount to? Every word thus uttered falls as
a note of inspiration upon every confederate ear.
-Every sound thus uttered is a word (and falling from
his lips, a mighty word) of kind ling and triumph to
a foe that determines to advance. For me, 1 have
no such word as a Senator to utter. For me, amid
temporary defeat, disaster, disgrace, it seems that
my duty calls me to utjter another word, and that
