\>:
1861.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE.
,0
word is, bold, sudden, forward, determined war,
according- to the laws of war, by armies, by mil-
itary commandcrs clothed with full power, ad-
vancing with all the past glories of the Republic
urging them on to conquest.
I do not stop to consider whether it is subjuga-
tion or not. It is compulsory obedience, not to
my will; not to yours, sir; not to the will of any
one man; not to the will of any one State; but
compulsory obedience to the Constitution of the
whole country. The Senator chose the other day
again and again to animadvert on a singleexpres-
sion in a little speech which I delivered before the
Senate, in which I took occasion to say that if
the people of the rebellious States would not gov-
ern themselves as States, they ought to begoverned
as Territories. The Senator knew full well then,
fori explained it twice—he knows full well now—
that on this side of the Chamber; nay, in this whole
Chamber; nay, in this whole North and West;
nay, in all the loyal States in all their breadth,
there is not a man among us all who dreams of caus-
ing any man in the South to submit to any rule,
either as to life, liberty, or property, that we our-
selves do not willingly agree to yield to. Did he
ever think of that ? Subjugation for what? When
we subjugate South Carolina, what shall we do?
We shall compel its obedience to the Constitution
ofthe United States; that is all. Whyplayupon
words? We do not mean, we have never said,
any more. If it be slavery that men should obey
the Constitution their fathers fought for, let it be
so. If it be freedom, it is freedom equally for
them and for us; We propose to subjugate rebel-
lion into loyalty; wo propose to subjugate insur-
rection into peace; we propose to subjugate con-
federate anarchy into constitutional Union liberty.
The Senator well knows that we propose no more.
I ask him, I appeal to his better judgment now,
what does he imagine we intend to do, if fortu-
nately wo conquer Tennessee or South Carolina—
call it " conquer," if you will, sir—what do we
propose to do ? They will have their courts still;
they will have their ballot-boxes still; they will
have their elections still; they will have their lcp-
resentatives upon this floor still; they will have
taxation and representation still; they will have
the writ of habeas corpus still; thp.y willjiave every
privilege they ever had and all we desire. When
the confederate armies are scattered; when their
leaders are banished from power; when the peo-
ple return to a late repentant sense of the wrong
they have done to a Government they never felt
but in benignancy and blessing, then the Consti-
tution made for all will be felt by all, like the de-
scending rains from heaven which bless all alike.
Is that subjugation ? To restore what was, as it
was, for the benefit of the whole country and of
the whole human race, is all we desire and all we
can have.
Gentleman talk about the Northeast. I appeal
to Senators from the Noitheast, is there a man in
all your States who advances upon the South
with any other jdea but to restore the Constitu-
tion ofthe United States in its spirit and its unity?
I never heaid that one. I believe no man indulges
in any dream of inflicting there any wrong to pub-
lic liberty; and I respectfully tell the Senator from
Kentucky that he persistently, earnestly, I will
not say willfully, misrepresents the sentiment of
the North and West when he attempts to teach
these doctrines to the confederates ofthe South.
Sir, while I am predicting, I will tell you an-
other thing. This threat about money and men
amounts to nothing. Some of the States which
have been named in that connection, I know well.
I know, as my friend from Illinois will bear me
witness, his own State, very well. I am sure that
no temporary defeat, no momentary disaster, will
swerve that State either from its allegiance to the
Union, or from its determination to preserve it.
It is not with us a question of money or of blood;
it is a question involving considerations higher
than these. When the Senator from Kentucky
speaks of the Pacific, I see another distinguished
friend from Illinois, now worthily representing
one ofthe States on the Pacific, [Mi-.McDougall,]
who will bear me witness that I know that State
too, well. I take the liberty—I know 1 but utter
lus sentiments in advance—joining with him, to
say that that State, quoting from the passage the
gentleman himself has quoted, will be true to the
Union to the last of her blood and her treasure.
There may be there some disaffected; there may
be some few men there who would " rather rule
in hell than serve in heaven." There are such
men everywhere. There are a few men there
who have left the South for the good of the
South; who are perverse, violent, destructive,
revolutionary, and opposed to social order. A
few, but a very few, thus formed and thus nur-
tured, in California and in Oregon, both persist-
ently endeavor to create and maintain mischief;
but the great portion of our population are loyal
to the core and in every chord of their hearts.
They are offering through me—more to their own
Senators every day from California,,and indeed
from Oregon—to add to the legions of this coun-
try* hy hundred and the thousand. They are
willing to come thousands of miles with their
arms on their shoulders, at their own expense, to
share with the best offering of their heart's blood
in the great struggle of constitutional liberty. I
tell the Senator that his predictions, sometimes
for the South, sometimes for the middle States,
sometimes for the Northeast, and then wander-
ing away in airy visions out to the far Pacific,
about the dread of our people, as for loss of blood
and treasure, provoking them to disloyalty, are
false in sentiment, false in fact, and false in loyalty.
Tho Senator from Kentucky is mistaken in them
all. Fivft hundred million dollars! What then?
Great Britain gave more than two thousand mil-
lion m the great battle for constitutional liberty
which she led at one time almost single-handed
against the world. Five hundred thousand men !
What then ? We have them; they arc ours; they
«are the children of tho country. They belong to
the whole country; they are our sons; our kins-
men ; and there are many of us who will give them
all up before we will abate one word of our just
demand, or will retreat one inch from the line
which divides right fiom wrong.
Sir, it is not a question of men or of money in
that sense. All the money, all the men, are, in
our judgment, well bestowed in such a cau.se.
When we give them, we know then-value. Know-
ing their value well, we give them with the more
pride and the mine joy. Sir, how can we retreat ?
Sir, how can we make peace? Who shall tieut?
What commissioners? Who would go? Upon
what terms' WIxtc is to be your boundary line?
Where the end ofthe principles we shall have to
give up? What will become of constitutional gov-
ernment? What will become of public liberty ?
What of past gloues? What of future hopes?
Shall we sink into the insignificance of the grave
—a degraded, defeated, emasculated people, fiight-
cned by the results of one battle, and scared at
the visions raised by the imagination of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky upon this floor? No, sir; a
thousand times, no, sir! Wo will rally—if, in-
deed, our words be necessary—we will rally the
the people, the loyal people, of the whole country.
Their will pour forth their treasure, their money,
their men, without stint, without pleasure. The
most peaceable man m this body may stamp his
foot upon this Senate Chamber floor, as of old a
warrior and a senator did, and fiom that single
tramp thei e will spring foi th armed legions. Shall
one battle determine the fate of empnc, or a dozen?
the loss of oncthousand men ortweniy thousand,
or §100,1)00,000 or $500,000,000J In a year's
peace, in ten years, at most, of peaceful progress,
we can resiore them ail. There will be some'
graves reeking with biood, watered by the tears
of affection. There will be some privation; there
will be some loss of luxury; their will be some-
what more need for labor to procure the ncces-
saues of life. When that is said, all is said. If
we have the country, the whole count! y, the
Union, the Constitution, free government—with
these there will return all the blessings of well-
ordered civilization; tho path of tho country will
bo a career of greatness and of glory such as, in
the olden time, our fatheis saw m the dim visions
of years yet to come, and such as would have
been ours now, to-day, if it had not been for the
treison for which the Senator too often seeks to
apologize.
Mr. BKECKINRIDGE. I shall detain the
Senate, sir, but a few moments m answer to one
or two of th * observations that fell from the Sen-
ator from California 
Mr. BA.KER. Oregon.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The Senator seems
to have charge of the whole Pacific coast, though
I do not mean to intimate that tho Senators from
California are not entirely able and willing to.take
care of their own State. They are. The Senator
from Oregon, then. . ' , • t
Mr. President, I have tried on .more than ofte
occasion in the Senate, in parliamentary and re-
spectful language, to express my opinions in,re-
gard to the character of our Federal system, the
relations of the States to the Federal Government,
to the Constitution, the bond of the Federal po-
litical system. They differ utterly from those
entertained by the Senator from Oregon. Evi-
dently, by his line of argument, he regards this
as an original, not a delegated Government, and
he regards it as clothed with all those powers
which belong to an original nation, not only witfy
those powers which are delegated by the different
political communities that compose it, and limited
by the written Constitution that forms the bond
of Union. 1 have tried to show that, in the view
that I take of our Government, this war is an
unconstitutional war. I do not think the Senator
from Oregon has answered my argument. He
asks, what must we do ? As we progress south-
ward and invade the country, must we not, said
he, carry with us all the laws of war? I would
not progress southward and invade the country.
The President of the United States, as I again
repeat, in my judgment only has the power to call
out the military to assist the civil authority in ex-
ecuting the laws; and when the question assumes
the magnitude and takes the form of a great po-
litical severance, and nearly half the members of
the Confederacy withdraw themselves from it,
what then? I have never held that one State or
a number of States have a right without cause to
break the compact ofthe Constitution. But what
I mean to say is that you cannot then undertake
to make war in the name of the Constitution. In
my opinion they are out. You may conquer them;
but do not attempt to do it. underwhat I consider
false "political pretenses. However, sir, I will not
enlarge upon that. I have developed these ideas
again and again, and I do not care to reargue
them. Hence the Senator and 1 start from en-
tirely different stand-points, and his pretended
replies are no replies at all.
The Senator asks me, " what would you have
us do?" I have already intimated what} would
have us do. I would have us stop the;vcar. Wo
can do it. I have tried to show that there is none
of that inexorable necessity to continue tins war
which the Senator seems to suppose. I do not
hold that constitutional liberty on this continent
is bound up in this fratricidal, devastating, horri-
ble contest. Upon the contrary, I fear it will
find its giave in it. The Senator is mistaken in
supposing that we can reunite these States by
war. lie is mistaken in supposing that eighteen
or twenty million upon the one side can subju-
gate ten or twelve million upon the other; or, if
they do subjugate them, that you can restore con-
stitutional government as our fathers made it.
You will have to govern them as Territories, as
suggested by the Senator, if ever they are reduced
to the dominion of the United States, or, as the
Senator fiom Vermont called them, "those re-
bellious provinces of this Union," in his speech to-
day. Sir, I would prefer to see these States all
reunited upon true constitutional principles to any
other object that could be offered me in life; and
to restore, upon the principles of our fathers, the
Union of these Slates, to me tlie^ sacrifice of one
unimportant life would be nothing; nothing, sir.
But I infinitely prefer to see a peaceful separation
of these States, than to see endless, aimless, de-
vastms  war, at the end of which I see the grave
of public liberty and of personal freedom.
The Senator asked if a senator of Rome had
uttered these things in tho war between Carthage
and that Power, how would he have been treated ?
Sir, the war between Carthage and Rome was al-
together different from the war now waged between
the United States and the confedetate States. I
would have said—rather than avow the principle
that one or the other must be subjugated, or per-
haps both destroyed—let Carthage live and let
Rome live, each pursuing its own course of pol-
icy and civilization.
The Senator says that these opinions which I
thus expressed, and have heretofore expressed, .
are but brilliant treason; and that it is a tribute
to the character of our institutions that I am al-
lowed to utter them upon the Senate floor. Mr.
President, if 1 am speaking treason, I am not aware ^
